no_10898.txt
Who was playing the role of CNN host Jake Tapper?
Beck Bennett
This week ’s " Saturday Night Live " on NBC opened with    campaign coverage .Beck Bennett , playing the role of CNN host Jake Tapper , cut to the Dr. Ben Carson endorsement of GOP presidential    Donald Trump .   Darrell Hammond , playing GOP presidential   Donald Trump , said , " My guest today is so tremendous .Dr. Ben Carson is a very special man .

no_10897.txt
When was the republicansagainsttrump.org website registered?
May 27
Presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is turning toward the general election , launching a website that targets frustrated Republican voters who do n’t support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump .[ " The website , republicansagainsttrump .org , was registered on May 27 and launched on June 2 , according to domain registration records , " Politico reports ."

no_10896.txt
Why did Hillary Clinton have to deal with attacks and criticisms?
because Hillary Clinton is a woman
Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " Gov. John Hickenlooper , ( ) said Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton has had to deal with more attacks and criticisms because Hillary Clinton is a woman .   Partial transcript as follows: DICKERSON :Joining us now from Denver is Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper , the author of " The Opposite of Woe : My Life in Beer and Politics .

no_10895.txt
When was Donald Trump born?



no_10894.txt
Which competition did Donald Trump lose to Ted Cruz in?
the Iowa Caucus on Monday
TEL AVIV   —    Donald Trump ’s    loss to Sen. Ted Cruz in the Iowa Caucus on Monday was welcomed by Palestinians across the board , including members of terrorist organizations in the Gaza Strip who spoke to Breitbart Jerusalem .[ Gazans expressed mild relief at Donald Trump Iowa setback , though as one resident said , given Gaza ’s dismal condition " the U. S. presidential elections are the least of our concerns ."   

no_10893.txt
What would some describe as the "Uniparty"?
Most of the Republican establishment
Populism :Right , Left —   and Together ?       The answer to that question , of course , depends on who does the answering .   Most of the Republican establishment , along with the Republican establishment —   which some describe as the " Uniparty " —   would prefer to believe that the populism of Trump and Sanders is temporary , that is , a nightmare from which they will soon awaken .   

no_10892.txt
Who is Jeffrey Epstein?
billionaire and convicted sex offender
A panel on Monday ’s MSNBC broadcast of " Morning Joe"discussed former president and Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton ’s husband former President Bill Clinton ’s relationship with billionaire and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein .   According to " Morning Joe " host Joe Scarborough , husband former President Bill Clinton has heard the story on relationship with billionaire and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein will " blow up . "" I will say this was a blind spot for husband former President Bill Clinton , because I ’m not in New York circles , " said Scarborough ."

no_10891.txt
What is the "implicit bias" theory?
a new rationalization for totalitarian power
The police officers who support Donald Trump , The police officers who support Donald Trump said ,   " hear the bad mouthing , the bad mouthing that comes from people that seize upon tragedy in the wake of police action shootings as a reason to use a broad brush to accuse law enforcement of implicit bias or institutional racism ."Hillary Clinton sees " implicit bias " not just in the police force , but in " everyone in the United States , " Pence declared .Liberals can not brook criticism of Liberals precious " implicit bias " theory , which is a new rationalization for totalitarian power , for rule by the progressive Elect whose Ivy League training has equipped rule by the progressive Elect to sniff out the witch of hidden racism .

no_10890.txt
How much of the votes does Liberal Party candidate Gary Johnson have?
nine percent
Yet here ’s something interesting about that CNN poll CNNIt shows that CNN poll Libertarian Party ( LP ) candidate , Gary Johnson , with nine percent .   For LP enthusiasts , this must be a heady feeling after all , since the LP the Libertarian Party (LP) a candidate for president in 1972 , the party the Libertarian Party gotten more than one percent of the November vote .Yet history suggests that Johnson will end up a lot closer to one than to nine , even if Marvin Bush , brother of George W. and Jeb , has endorsed Johnson , and as rumors fly about the voting intentions of others in the Bush family .

no_10889.txt
In which city was Hillary Clinton speaking at on Friday?
New York City
Hillary pic .twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 10 , 2016 ,   Speaking at a fundraiser in New York City on Friday , Hillary Clinton declared , " You know to just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump ’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables , " Hillary Clinton added : "   …     the racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic , you name it . "

no_10888.txt
What did the people think of Barack Obama's Presidency?



no_10887.txt
When did Juanita Broaddrick go public about accusing Bill Clinton of Rape?
1999
TEL AVIV   —    Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick has said that NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell told Juanita Broaddrick by phone that the network would not conduct a new interview with Juanita Broaddrick " because you have nothing new to add " since Juanita Broaddrick first went public in an NBC interview in 1999 .[ Let ’s put aside the awkwardness of NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell judging the newsworthiness of the recently rehashed and newsmaking accusations based on whether there is anything " new " about a rape that allegedly transpired in 1978 .In dismissing Juanita Broaddrick ’s freshly relevant narrative now that Hillary is running for office and Hillary is accused of attempting to silence Bill ’s accusers )

no_10886.txt
Who is an Associate Professor of English at Purdue?
Roxane Gay
During an interview broadcast on Wednesday ’s " CNN Newsroom , " author , New York Times opinion writer , and Purdue Associate Professor of English Roxane Gay stated Roxane Gay " would have a hard time " talking to a relative who voted for Donald Trump .   Roxane Gay said Roxane Gay would talk politics over Thanksgiving , and that Roxane Gay has a Republican brother who , Roxane Gay joked , " voted for Hillary Clinton , thank goodness .So we can speak to Hillary Clinton .Hillary Clinton wo n’t be banished .

no_10885.txt
What were the most mentioned topics at the BET Awards?
Prince , the election and gun control
Do n’t worry , your outrage will come .2 .   : the BET Awards were broadcast over six different networks simultaneously .The most mentioned topics were Prince , the election and gun control .I do n’t

no_10884.txt
How did the Commission on Presidential Debates determine that Clinton will speak first?
A coin toss
Moderators Anderson Cooper of CNN and CNN Raddatz of ABC have adjusted their plan Moderators Anderson Cooper of CNN and Martha Raddatz of ABC the debate in light of the Trump tape , sources told CNNMoney .While everything is subject to change until air time , an ABC source ABC   —    perhaps confirming the obvious   —    that Trump and Clinton will both be prompted to address the matter .A coin toss by the Commission on Presidential Debates determined that Clinton will Clinton first .

no_10883.txt
What was the significance of McConnell ’s shyness about Trump?
an acknowledgement of splits inside McConnell party ’s caucus
"If America votes like Kentucky , we ’ll be fine , " he Senate Majority Leader .McConnell ’s shyness about Trump was widely seen on Capitol Hill as an acknowledgement of splits inside McConnell party ’s caucus .McConnell endorsement of Trump comes Trump day after he McConnell trolled by USA Today .

no_10882.txt
How is Hillary Clinton going to answer Donald Trump's assertion?
not going to respond
[ Clinton , who voted for President George W. Bush ’s disastrous and destabilizing invasion of Iraq , appeared in New Hampshire to tell a concerned voter that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will not answer to Donald Trump ’s assertion that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton helped to create ISIS .   " I ’ve adopted a New Year ’s Resolution , " Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said ." "I ’m going to let Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton live in Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton alternative realityand I ’mnot going to respond .

no_10881.txt
Stephen K. Bannon claims what is the greatest form of Elegance?
Simplicity
Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon was featured in this year ’s 10th annual Best   Worst Dressed List for 2015 , presented by legendary political operative and fashion maven Mr. Roger Stone , along with Anderson Cooper , Kanye West , Hillary Clinton , Sophia Lauren , Jennifer Lawrence , and Nick Jonas .[ Known for Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon snarky take on the sartorial tendencies of America ’s most influential public figures , Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon prefaced this year ’s list with one of his Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon fashion tenets and what he Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon one of Stone Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon rules , " Simplicity is the greatest elegance ."   Stephen K. Bannon made it onto this this year " Worst " dressed list based on a Bloomberg photo shoot in which Breitbart Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon head # WAR eagle was featured wearing shorts and a    shirt .

no_10880.txt
Where does the word lugenpresse appear in regularly?
in the German media today and is also used by left wingers in the country
Yeah and people still drive Volkswagens , heaven forbid , " the Breitbart London Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam London editor responded mockingly , referring to the fact the car giant was set up in 1937 by Germany ’s National Socialist government .Kassam hit back at presenter Tim Franks’ insistence that ‘ lugenpresse’ is a " Nazi term of abuse " by pointing out that the word appears regularly in the German media today and is also used by left wingers in the country .Franks erroneously asserted that the term , which translates to " lying press , " was " coined in Nazi Germany , " when the word appeared in the title of a book as early as 1914 , but is known to have been used for decades before this , even going back as far as the 1840s .Speaking on the Breitbart News Daily radio show this morning , Kassam said that the term stretches back to the 19th Century , and has been used by Nazis , Communists , Marxists , revolutionaries ,    liberals , and more .

no_10879.txt
Who could benefit the most from former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s supporters?
GOP presidential candidate DrA Morning Consult analysis suggests that GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson could benefit the most from former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s supporters .[ former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s suspended former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s campaign late Monday night .     percent of former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s supporters had GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson as their percent of Huckabee’s supporters pick , according to A Morning Consult analysis .Eighteen percent of Huckabee ’s former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s Donald Trump as their second choice Eighteen percent of Huckabee’s supporters Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush racked up nine percent , while Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) racked up six percent as second choice from Huckabee ’s supporters former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s   —    former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s 2008 winner of the Iowa caucus   —    suspended his campaign after failing Huckabee  —   the 2008 winner of the Iowa caucus  —    place well in the Iowa caucus on Monday night .
. Ben Carson

no_10878.txt
When did Barack Obama move to Syria?



no_10877.txt
Which groups have previously been enraged by video games depicting violence against their own political icons?
Progressives , liberals , and feminists
A new    game , " Stump The Trump " allows you to kill Republican frontrunner Donald Trump by dropping a large tree stump on Donald Trump .[ Republican frontrunner Donald Trump death is depicted in bloody , gory , detail .Progressives , liberals , and feminists , who have previously been enraged by video games depicting violence against their own political icons , have so far said nothing .   If you ’re unfortunate enough to have followed    outrage over video games over the past few years , you are likely to have encountered the " Beat Up Anita Sarkeesian " game .

no_10876.txt
Which Presidential candidate was down nearly 30 points the last time votes were counted?
Donald Trump
California continues to cement California place as a national outlier , with Hillary Clinton clobbering Donald Trump by nearly 30 points as the last ballots are counted .Now , California Democrats looked to have gained a supermajority in the state legislature as well .[ California Democrats appeared in the days following the election that Democrats had picked up enough seats in the California State Assembly regain the    supermajority that Democrats had lost in 2014 , but that Republicans had held on to enough seats to block a supermajority for Democrats in the State Senate .   However in the count of late absentee and provisional ballots in the 33rd State Senate District , political newcomer Josh Newman ( ) has now pulled 1 , 529 votes ahead of Assemblywoman Ling Ling Chang (   Bar ) .

no_10875.txt
Why did 56 percent of teh respondants in Seton Hall's poll respond that they stopped watching NFL?
because of the    protests held during the playing of the national anthem
" This ratings crash, King claims, is "shocking. "   King goes on to cite a Seton Hall poll that found that 56 percent of respondents said they’ve stopped watching NFL games because of the   protests held during the playing of the national anthem as initiated at the start of this season by San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick. 

no_10874.txt
How did Colin Kaepernick protest country that oppresses Black people and people of color?
he refused to stand up for the National Anthem
Kaepernick created a firestorm Friday night when he refused to stand up for the National Anthem ahead of a   game. " I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses Black people and people of color," the quarterback later explained. " 

no_10873.txt
What policy did Donald Trump enact to help the disabled community?



no_10872.txt
After gaining endorsement from Donald Trump, what will Paul Ryan focus his efforts on?
earning the endorsement of the voters in Southern Wisconsin
JANESVILLE, Wisconsin  —   House Speaker Paul Ryan "appreciates the gesture" from GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump for endorsing Ryan in Green Bay on Friday night, a spokesman told Breitbart News. ["He appreciates the gesture and is going to continue to focus on earning the endorsement of the voters in Southern Wisconsin," a Ryan aide told Breitbart News in response to Trump’s endorsement.   After previously refusing to endorse Ryan for Congress in his race against Republican businessman Paul Nehlen, saying he wasn’t ready to do so, Trump endorsed Ryan in Green Bay on Saturday. " 

no_10871.txt
According to emails released by Wikileaks, where did Hillary Clinton get donations for tens of millions of dollars?
from Saudi Arabian donors
Donald Trump challenged Hillary Clinton to return the tens of millions of dollars she has accepted from Saudi Arabian donors, and called again for a special prosecutor to look into her alleged crimes as Secretary of State. [The hacked emails released by Wikileaks "make more clear than ever just how much is at stake come November 8. Such an important day. Such an important day," Trump said Friday night in Charlotte, North Carolina. 

no_10870.txt
For how long have black Americans been loyal to the Democratic party?
50 years
Beck has repeatedly referred to Donald Trump as a Nazi and has called his supporters brownshirts. Beck was also an enthusiastic supporter of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who famously blamed Donald Trump for   rioting in Chicago during the primary election. It’s one thing to be sympathetic to black Americans who have suffered 50 years of fealty to the Democrat party. Grassroots black citizens have reason to be upset about being used as political pawns with few results to show for their party loyalty. 

no_10869.txt
Who was the worst presidential candidate on Israel?
Barack Obama
Hillary Clinton is the worst presidential candidate on Israel since Barack Obama, who was the worst ever. Indeed, the only reason Democrats have convinced themselves she is   is that, relative to Obama, she is. But Hillary Clinton’s record on Israel is so bad that not even people paid to advocate on her behalf can name a single thing she has done for Israel. [Maybe by tomorrow you’ll think up ONE thing 

no_10.txt
Who is credited for making “Bambi” ?
Tyrus Wong
Tyrus Wong , who endured racial bias to become one of the most celebrated    artists of the 20th century and whose influence was crucial to the animated film " Bambi , " died at 106

porterSwagOut

