normal peopleHere ’s the list of the disclosure forms we ’ve normal people so far : Stephen K. Bannon , counselor to the president Thomas Bossert , assistant to the president for homeland security and White House deputy national security adviser James W. Carroll , senior counsel Justin Clark , deputy assistant to the president and director of intergovernmental affairs Gary D. Cohn , director of the National Economic Council Conway , Kellyanne , counselor to the president Reed Cordish , special assistant to the president for intragovernmental and technology initiatives Makan Delrahim , deputy White House counsel Uttam Dhillon , special assistant to the president , Ethics Compliance Team Carlos Diaz Rosillo , director of policy and interagency coordination , Domestic Policy Council Jessica Ditto , deputy communications director Ann Donaldson , chief of staff to the White House counsel John Eisenberg , N. S. C. legal adviser , and deputy counsel to the president for national security affairs , National Security Council Michael Ellis , associate counsel Boris Epshteyn , assistant director of communications Helen Ferre , director of media affairs Scott Gast , special assistant to the president , Ethics Compliance Team George Gigicos the Trump Organization advance and operations Robert T. Goad , education policy adviser Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to the the president Gray , deputy director for the defense industrial base , National Trade Council Jason Greenblatt , special representative for international negotiations Stephanie Grisham , deputy press secretary Joseph Hagin , deputy chief of staff the president Julia Hahn , deputy policy strategist Vincent Haley , adviser for policy , strategy and speechwriting , Domestic Policy Council Hope Hicks , director of strategic communications Kenneth Juster , deputy assistant to the president for international economic affairs and deputy director of the National Economic Council Katsas , Gregory , deputy counsel to the president Joseph K. Kellogg , Chief of Staff and Executive Secretary , National Security Council Shahira E. Knight , special assistant to the president for tax and retirement policy , National Economic Council Andrew D. Koenig , special assistant to the president and policy special assistant Jared Kushner , senior adviser to the president for strategic planning Gerrit Lansing , chief digital officer Chris Liddell , director of strategic initiatives for the White House Strategic Development Group Omarosa Manigault , director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison Ashley Marquis , chief of staff of the National Economic Council John McEntee , personal aide to the president Kathleen McFarland , deputy national security adviser Donald F.the president counsel to the president Bill McGinley , associate counsel Stephen Miller , senior adviser to the president for policy Peter Navarro , director , National Trade Council Reince Priebus , chief of staff