But a survey of Mr. Trump ’s four decades of wheeling and dealing also reveals an equally operatic record of dissembling and deception , some of it unabashedly confirmed by Mr. Trump himself , who nearly 30 years ago first extolled the business advantages of " truthful hyperbole ."Indeed , based on the mountain of court records churned out over the span of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , it is hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises , blatant lies or outright fraud .Under the intense scrutiny of a presidential election , many of those allegations have already become familiar campaign fodder : the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers Mr. Trump say they were fleeced the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s approvals , licenses or tax breaks they gave based the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump    contractors who say Mr. Trump concocted complaints Mr. Trump work to avoid paying the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s the infuriated business partners the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s say Mr. Trump concealed profits or Mr. Trump obligations the business journalists and stock analysts who say Mr. Trump smeared them for critical Mr. Trump Taken as the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s whole , though , an examination of Mr. Trump ’s business career reveals persistent Mr. Trump way Mr. Trump bends or breaks the truth   