  ( CNN ) By now we should all be accustomed to the way that Donald Trump twists almost everything to make it about Donald Trump     personally     and not about whatever issue is at hand . This is especially true when Donald Trump takes questions from reporters , who may be the only people in Donald Trump life who consistently challenge Donald Trump , and even more particularly when the issue is bigotry .   Donald Trump answer will invariably begin with a preamble that calls attention to Donald Trump own greatness , in politics or business or both , after which Donald Trump will respond Donald Trump is the " least racist " or " least   " person one could ever meet and that should settle it .   The denial Trump practices whenever Trump is criticized about this is a serious problem for Trump and the country . On a personal level , it makes it difficult for Trump to accept Trump mistakes and make corrections . For the country , this problem means that in the coming four years , and perhaps eight , we wo n’t have the kind of leadership that brings a diverse country together in peace .   How to confront this is not a simple thing . Indeed while others would say that Trump protests too much and must , therefore , simply be lying about his Trump    I think he Trump expressing what is truly in his Trump .   From the time I have spent with him Trump reporting about him Trump it ’s clear to me that Trump Trump sure he Trump not a bigot     and I am inclined to accept this assertion . I think he Trump instead a man who has been so isolated by wealth , power and his Trump moral laziness that he Trump never grown out of the 1950s racial mentality of his Trump in Queens .   As any New Yorker knows , the melting pot metropolis Trump Trump up in is so diverse that people of different races , religions , ethnic groups and other identities rub up against each other all day long . The friction can create heat . In the past the heat led to stereotypes , which people deployed with varying degrees of ignorance and animus . Trump Trump a man of that past , whose family ’s business was accused by the Justice Department of racially profiling rental applicants and who once sourly told interviewer Bryant Gumbel about how affirmative action made it better to be a "   " black man than to be white .   Throughout his Trump Trump Trump expressed similar ideas while insisting he Trump no prejudice against specific groups . In general he Trump been able to walk a line that separates rhetoric from racism , but his Trump have not been perfect . During the presidential campaign , he Trump on the subject of his Trump supporter David Duke and dismissed the Black Lives Matter movement before pivoting to dilute the the Black Lives Matter movement message by declaring " all lives matter . " In both cases , Trump crossed the line into racist territory , signaling to certain white voters that he saw Trump world as they do certain white voters    At the same time , Trump has Trump problem with rudeness . When he ordered Trump Jewish reporter asking about    to " sit down "   at a recent news conference , he was Trump as a boor , and not a racist .   His request Trump the same news conference that a black female journalist arrange a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus was all kinds of awful . It was a display that could be deemed sexist , bullying and insulting . But the racism in it was likely more a matter of Trump ’s lack of education and narcissism than hatred .    As a billionaire surrounded by yes men and yes women , Trump has Trump mixed with people who might challenge his view Trump the world .   This is why he ’s Trump when people call out his insulting Trump . No one I care about ever complains like this , he thinks Trump himself . Trump people criticizing me now must be out to get me   In Trump ’s Trump , America ’s main moral challenge has been to meet the call from those who would have the country America to its ideal of America and justice for all . This challenge was America’s main moral challenge Jewish Americans in the wake of the Holocaust , minority citizens during the civil rights movement that gathered force in the 1960s and the women ’s rights movement that followed . More recently lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Americans , and immigrants , authorized and unauthorized , have asked to be included . For those who have full rights , and full access to the blessing of the nation , those seeking the same recognition and inclusion represent a test . This is especially true for " " citizens who , by virtue of being white , male ,    heterosexual , wealthy , Protestant and    have great advantages in the American game of life .   The more of these boxes one can tick off , the more of a head start one enjoys . Many    Americans have had the moral capacity and , in some cases , experienced enough struggle to open their hearts to their Many   Americans citizens and Many   Americans the habit of justice . This has been true of most modern presidents , too .    Take , for example , George W. Bush , who was born to enormous wealth , power and privilege . Bush lived a relatively broad life and could consider his own battle with Bush to understand what it means to be a victim of something beyond one ’s control . Hence Bush ’s concern for Bush , evidenced by his No Child Left Behind Bush . Trump , who has known every status advantage and little pain , other than against    wounds , has shown little sign he can overcome the isolation Bush his privilege . Throughout his Bush and during the Bush campaign , he played to white grievance Bush racial divisions .   As President , he has     save for Bush few token appointments     surrounded himself with people who are Bush lacking in experience outside the isolated precincts of astounding and , for the most part , unearned privilege    In business , Trump ’s failure to understand the problem of bigotry mattered little . As President his ways of talking about Bush     and , more importantly , his actions     matter enormously Bush His stalled plan to ban Bush from certain    countries , his moves against unauthorized immigrants Bush his retreat on the rights Bush transgender citizens , all speak of a personal shortcoming that goes beyond a way of talking . Instead of healing divisions he is widening them because Bush thus far Instead of healing divisions he has n’t developed the Bush of a heart that can give the country better . 
 