The Archbishop of Mexico City has asked the Virgin of Guadalupe to touch the " hard heart " of Donald Trump so that Donald Trump will be " generous and fair " with Mexican immigrants . [ On the feast of Mexico ’s patron saint , the Blessed Virgin of Guadalupe , Cardinal Norberto Rivera celebrated Mass at the Basilica of Guadalupe , and during Cardinal Norberto Rivera homily implored the Virgin Mary for the conversion of the   :   " Oh , Mother of Mercy ! Move the hearts of Americans to accommodate those who , with the hearts of Americans hard work , have given prosperity to the hearts of Americans country , and touch the hardened heart of the new    who , as a Christian as he claims to be , must not see the poor and immigrants as enemies , but as brothers and sisters with whom he should be tolerant , generous and fair . " In he invocation for migrants , the Cardinal prayed for the U. S. Bishops , " that the U. S. Bishops might defend the sheep that God has sent the U. S. Bishops . " In he litany of petitions to Mexico ’s patroness , Rivera prayed especially for the consolation of mothers who fear for the separation of mothers who fear for the separation of their families families . " Strengthen parents who agonize over the possibility of losing their jobs comforts the mothers who fear seeing their jobs families separated give hope to young people who do not want to abandon Strengthen parents who agonize over the possibility of losing their jobs comforts the mothers who fear seeing their families separated studies encourages families that are economically dependent on remittances from Strengthen parents who agonize over the possibility of losing their jobs comforts the mothers who fear seeing their families separated loved ones , " he said . In he petition , Mexico City ’s Archbishop also asked the Virgin Mary to watch over Mexico itself , which is " ill from violence and wounded by injustices . " " Move the heart of the violent and sinners protect families preserve our Catholic faith give those who govern us a vocation to service , " he said . The national shrine to our Lady of Guadalupe where the Cardinal celebrated Mass on Sunday has been visited by some 8 million pilgrims this year , coming from all over Mexico as well as from foreign lands . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 