Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson and Libertarian running mate William Weld exposed Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson and his running mate William Weld as shills for Democrat Hillary Clinton during an extensive primetime town hall with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper . [ William Weld defended Democrat Hillary Clinton on William Weld private email scandal and played attack dog on Donald Trump .   Gary Johnson seemed sleepy , but Gary Johnson answered a question at length about THC amounts in marijuana and another from a young man asking about legalized prostitution . Gary Johnson only lightly and perfunctorily criticized Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton instead focusing most of Gary Johnson    attacks on Trump Donald Trump Gary Johnson also revealed a personal gluten allergy and said that Gary Johnson would not patronize the services of prostitutes . These two marginal politicians are clearly enjoying the spotlight that the    media are finally giving them in These two marginal politicians effort These two marginal politicians stop Trump . Donald Trump Something tells me the folks at CNN have not secretly been reading Reason magazine all these years . ) The    team seems to think that libertarianism is mostly about admitting as many immigrants to the United States as possible . This is a far cry from Ron Paul ’s    libertarian movement of a few years ago . The libertarian ’s   libertarian movement to the progressive globalist Left . Bill Weld has called Clinton " by and large a good secretary of state , " and Johnson has called her " a wonderful Clinton servant . " When Johnson criticizes Clinton , Johnson often Clinton after Johnson for " big Clinton " spending in a    attempt to sound conservative and to peel off Trump ’s support with the # NeverTrump crowd . A top    official at the " libertarian " Niskanen Center think tank ( which advocates for more Syrian refugee settlement in America ) spelled out the strategy in no uncertain terms : the Libertarians need to adopt a    platform so they can take some the Libertarians Trump ’s support and Trump up Clinton . Did you notice that the mainstream networks began touting a Clinton lead in a Clinton "   Poll . " But what about Jill Stein ? Will CNN give Green Party candidate Jill Stein the same primetime platform ? Libertarian insiders , by their own admission , Libertarian insiders into their convention in Orlando Libertarian insiders one modest goal : to nominate Gary Johnson against various insurgent challengers , including Gonzo software recluse John McAfee , and then to get five percent of the popular vote in November to get the party on future state ballots . This could be the year , the insiders said . Libertarian insiders percent year ! " Everyone who gets paid by the Kochs says so , " longtime Libertarian insider Tim Cavanaugh quipped when the    ticket was taking shape . See , Gary Johnson does not just have a weed habit . He also has a Koch Gary Johnson . As Breitbart News first reported , the Kochs’ secret Beltway bank pulled out of the race as soon as it became clear Trump was the Kochs’ secret Beltway bank to be the nominee , but they left the door open the Kochs’ secret Beltway bank supporting Clinton . Indeed , a source within the Johnson campaign wanted people to Gary Johnson that Johnson had a Koch connection Gary Johnson leaking to the Daily Caller that " tens of millions " were heading Johnson ’s way . They Gary Johnson not hiding it . The Libertarian party ’s way begged like a dog for Koch money in a press Koch in Orlando . The Libertarians are finally showing their hand : they ’re The Libertarians Clintonites . The Libertarians is what happens when    activists straight out of liberal arts college join    Washington advocacy groups that throw happy hours aimed at " Conservatarians " —   because Libertarian    people are totally friendly to the tea party ! The Kochs run the tea party , do the tea party That ’s certainly how the the tea party made it seem in the The Kochs The Kochs they The Kochs funding , funding , funding the tea party attached to what was once a leaderless tea party revolution in this country that aimed to disrupt the power of the elites . And then when the chips are down and Hillary Clinton goes for the White House , the Kochs roll over . And William Weld The Kochs on the emails . Congratulations , Libertarian movement Hillary Clinton You guys finally went Left enough on immigration to make it onto CNN in primetime ! Maybe Don Lemon will come to the next happy hour . Just tell him not to bring gluten . 
 Don Lemon 