  ( CNN ) As the Republican convention kicks off in Cleveland , the status of the race for the presidency continues to be advantage Hillary Clinton . Little has changed in overall support for either candidate since the end of the primaries in    despite major moments in the campaign including Donald Trump ’s announcement of Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as Donald Trump’s running mate , Hillary Clinton endorsement by her Hillary Clinton rival for the Democratic nomination , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , and the announcement by the FBI that Clinton Hillary Clinton not face charges for her Hillary Clinton of a personal email server while secretary of state . But one candidate has made gains since last month : Libertarian Gary Johnson . In a    matchup between Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump , Johnson Gary Johnson Green Party candidate Jill Stein , Clinton Hillary Clinton 42 % Trump 37 % Johnson Gary Johnson % and Stein 5 % . That represents almost no change for either Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump , but a    bump for Johnson Gary Johnson READ : Full    poll results   Typically , support for third party candidates fades as the major party tickets are set heading into their the major party tickets . But Johnson Gary Johnson support outpaces that of a typical third party candidate and may prove to have more staying power .   One hint that it could fade : Support for both Johnson Gary Johnson Stein appears concentrated among those less enthusiastic about voting this year , suggesting their both Johnson and Stein may be less apt to turn out in the end . Nearly     voters who say they are " not at all enthusiastic " about voting this this year they back they Johnson Gary Johnson Stein , but among those who are extremely enthusiastic , that figure falls to just 6 % . And the growing support for third party candidates also seems centered among younger voters , which could prove harmful to Clinton ’s campaign . Among those voters under age 35 , 46 % back Clinton , Clinton % Trump , 20 % Johnson Gary Johnson 10 % Stein . Broad support among younger voters helped catapult Barack Obama to the presidency in 2008 . As Trump prepares Trump, accept his party Trump, nomination , the poll suggests he ’s Trump, his backing Trump, Republicans . The share of GOP voters who say they ’d prefer Trump as Trump, nominee over someone else has increased from 51 % in June to 56 % now . In a    matchup , Clinton tops Trump 49 Trump, to 42 % .   Both Clinton and Clinton have Trump, up their support Both Clinton and Trump those who did not back them through Both Clinton and Trump nomination process . Among those who say they ’d Both Clinton and Trump see Sanders become the Democratic nominee , 79 % now back Clinton , Clinton slightly from 74 % in June , while 74 % of those who want someone other than Trump to Trump, the Republican nominee now back him , Trump, from 67 % in June . June Johnson peels support away in both groups when the    matchup is asked . Other recent polling , conducted before Sanders’ endorsement of Clinton and after the announcement that she would Clinton face charges for her use Clinton private email , found a tightening race , with independents shifting away from Clinton . Clinton this poll , independent voters were more apt to back her in Clinton    matchup than they were independent voters June , but in a    contest , her support Clinton independents is steady . Clinton ’s Clinton may be due to the advantages she holds over Clinton in likability ( 43 % of voters nationally have a favorable view of Clinton vs. 39 Clinton who view Trump positively ) experience ( 64 % say she has the Clinton experience to be president , double the 32 % who say so about Trump ) and Trump range of issues including foreign policy , health care , abortion and race relations . But Trump remains more trusted Trump the two issues atop voters’ priority lists : The economy and terrorism . He holds his widest Trump over Trump on handling ISIS , and also holds an edge on handling taxes . Voters are also more likely to see Trump as sincere in Trump he says ( 49 Trump say so vs. 41 % for Clinton ) .   Clinton Clinton continues to face Clinton questions about her honesty and trustworthiness Clinton 65 % say they do n’t see 65% as honest , Clinton from 50 % who said so as news about her private email server Clinton in March of 2015 . And although more say they ’d be proud 65% have her as president than Clinton so about Trump , nearly     say they would n’t be 65% should Clinton win the presidency . Trump ’s newly minted Trump mate , Pence , receives a tepid welcome to the race , 43 % say he ’s an excellent Trump pretty good pick , below the majorities who said so in initial surveys following the announcement of Paul Ryan in 2012 , Sarah Palin in 2008 or Dick Cheney in 2000 .   Almost     say his selection wo n’t Trump much difference in the way they vote in November , though those who say it does matter say Pence makes them more likely to those who say it does matter say Trump than shy away from the presumptive GOP nominee .   Those numbers may shift , however , as a majority say they do n’t know Those numbers about Pence to have an Pence on him when they ’re asked if Those numbers have a favorable Those numbers unfavorable impression . Still , 53 % say they believe he is 53% to him as president if necessary and 57 % say the choice of Pence reflects favorably on Pence ’s ability to make important presidential decisions .   On the recent spat between Donald Trump and Supreme Trump’s Ruth Bader Ginsburg , those who have heard about the back and forth generally say both acted inappropriately . Just under half say Ginsburg was wrong to criticize Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , while roughly the Trump’s share say it was inappropriate for Trump to call for her Trump’s in response . Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg    Poll was conducted by telephone July 13 through 16 among a random national sample of 1 , 013 adults , including 872 registered voters . Results for the sample of registered voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points . Questions about Mike Pence ’s addition to the GOP ticket were added on July 14 . 
 