’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump ’s firing of FBI director James Comey    continues to reverberate in the KremlinGate scandal , which    threatens to consume the Trump administration . ’ ’    By abruptly removing FBI director James Comey    , then mangling FBI director James Comey    excuses for why FBI director James Comey       did so , President Donald Trump created a needless crisis for the White House which    shows no signs of abating . ’ ’    The impartial observer might think that President Donald Trump fired Comey because    Comey feared what the FBI ’s counterintelligence investigation of the    president ’s contacts with Russia might reveal —   as the commander in    chief has . ’ ’    Moreover , President Donald Trump ’s inappropriate efforts to secure Comey ’s    personal " loyalty " had fallen flat —   the FBI director rightly    assured the president of the FBI director honesty but abjured any fealty to President Donald Trump   after which the president is the president of his honesty    have developed    palpable fear of the incorruptible Bureau boss .    To protect    Trump , President Donald Trump to go Comey ’ ’    President Donald Trump ’s President Donald Trump director James Comey    continues to reverberate in the KremlinGate scandal , which    threatens to consume the Trump administration . By abruptly    removing Comey , then mangling his excuses for FBI director James Comey    he did so FBI director James Comey       Trump created FBI director James Comey    needless crisis President Donald Trump President Donald Trump House which shows    no signs of abating . ’ ’    The impartial observer might think that Trump fired Comey because    he feared President Donald Trump the FBI ’s counterintelligence investigation Comey the    president ’s contacts with Russia might reveal —   as the commander in    chief has . ’ ’    Moreover    Trump ’s inappropriate efforts to secure Comey President Donald Trump    personal " loyalty " had fallen flat —   the FBI director rightly    assured the president of his honesty but    any fealty to    the FBI director personally —   after which President Donald Trump is   to    have developed a the president of his honesty of the incorruptible    boss .    To protect Team Trump , Comey had to    . President Donald Trump   ’ ’ Comey Last week , when he appeared before the Senate Armed Services    Committee , Comey declined to answer questions about the White    House ’s effort to undermine the FBI investigation of Team Trump ,     " I    do n’t President Donald Trump ’s appropriate to characterize discussions and    conversations with the president    in open session . Presumably DNI    Coats would be more forthcoming in a closed Congressional    session , where classified information can be revealed . ’ ’    Director Rogers , in contrast , has made no public statements about    the president ’s effort to enlist him in his    campaign .    This is typical of his Director Rogers    Director Rogers —   for    ,    NSA was Director Rogers said to stand for Never Say Anything —   and why    Trump approached Rogers is no mystery . ’ ’    As the nation ’s signals intelligence force , NSA is n’t just the    biggest source of intelligence on earth   NSA   it ’s also the agency    possessing the bulk of the classified   NSA which    establishes collusion between Trump and the Russians . Although     of    such SIGINT have reached the media , the lion ’s share remains    hidden from public view , though it ’s all known to the FBI . ’ ’    If Trump could    NSA in his fight with the Bureau , that Trump and the Russians would be a big win , protecting the White House from dangerous    information , so it ’s safe to assume that Rogers’ refusal       Trump personally the White House Perhaps that ’s why , early this week    Trump and the Russians Rogers took the unusual step of addressing the entire NSA    workforce to tell them what transpired with the president . ’ ’    This is not the entire NSA   workforce style . Indeed , his tenure as NSA ’s director    ( called DIRNSA by insiders ) Admiral   Rogers been characterized NSA    distance    from his employees , which has made things rockier than necessary .    To Admiral   Rogers fair to Rogers —   a career intelligence officer well equipped    for his current position —   when he became DIRNSA in the    of a career intelligence officer 2014 , he inherited an a career intelligence officer NSA was still reeling from    the   the a career intelligence officer    theft of classified information in espionage history . ’ ’    While Snowden has taunted NSA with tweets sent from his Russian    hideaway , more security disasters NSA followed . The   Snowden another    rogue defense contractor who stole gigantic amounts of classified    information from the agency , constituted another Snowdenesque    embarrassment , even though there ’s no evidence that Martin was    engaged in espionage . ’ ’   ’ ’    Worse for Rogers was the theft of highly classified hacking tools    from NSA by the     which is widely believed to be a    front for Russian intelligence . ’ ’    The dumping of those    exploits online , after    modification by rogue hackers , has resulted in worldwide    cyberattacks impacting millions —   yet another black mark on Rogers’    tenure as DIRNSA . ’ ’    In response to these very public setbacks , Rogers has seldom    addressed the NSA workforce about them or much else . ’ ’    This week ’s town hall the NSA workforce , which was broadcast to agency    facilities worldwide , was therefore met with surprise and    anticipation by the NSA workforce , and Rogers did not disappoint .    I have the NSA workforce NSA officials Rogers witnessed the    director    talk and I ’m reporting their firsthand accounts , which    corroborate each other , on condition of anonymity . ’ ’    In his town hall talk , Rogers reportedly admitted that President    Trump asked him to discredit the FBI Rogers James Comey , which the    admiral Rogers refused to do . As Rogers explained , he informed    the commander in chief , " I Rogers you wo n’t like the   admiral , but I have to    tell what I have seen " —   a probable reference to specific       establishing collusion between the Kremlin and Team    Trump . ’ ’       then added that such SIGINT exists , and it is damning . Rogers    stated , " There is no question that we [ meaning Rogers ] have evidence    of election involvement and questionable contacts with the    Russians . " ’ ’    Although Rogers did not cite the specific intelligence he was    referring to , Rogers officials with direct knowledge have    Rogers me that DIRNSA was obviously referring to a series of    SIGINT reports    2016 based on intercepts of communications    between known Russian intelligence officials and key members of    Trump ’s campaign , in which they discussed methods of damaging    Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    NSA employees walked out of the town hall impressed by the    director ’s forthright discussion of his interactions with the    Trump administration , particularly with how Rogers insisted that    the   director’s had no Trump " the situation beyond the   director’s the    president the   director’s already done . ’ ’    America ’s spies are unaccustomed to playing partisan politics as    Trump has apparently asked them to do , and it appears that    the White House ’s    effort to get NSA America’s spies attack the    FBI Trump its credibility    a serious mistake NSA    ’ the FBI therefore high time the FBI the House and Senate intelligence    committees to invite Admiral Rogers to talk to them about what    transpired with the White House . Rogers evident that DIRNSA has    something important to say the House and Senate intelligence   committees Since Mike Rogers is said the White House kept notes of    president ’s effort to enlist Rogers Trump ’s    personal the president’s FBI , as any seasoned Beltway bureaucrat    would do Rogers his account ought to be the FBI Trump ’ ’President Donald Trump ’s firing the president’s FBI . .. President Donald Trump 
 the FBI 