Washington ( CNN ) Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Sunday that Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper thinks US institutions are under assault from President Donald Trump . " I think in many ways our institutions are under assault both externally     and that ’s the big news here is the Russian interference in our election system     and I think as well our institutions are under assault internally , " Clapper told anchor Jake Tapper on CNN ’s " State of the Union . "   Pressed if he meant US institutions were under assault internally from the President , Clapper responded , " Exactly . " Clapper called on the other branches of the federal government to step up in the other branches of the federal government roles as a check on the executive . " The founding fathers , in The founding fathers genius , created a system of three    branches of government and a    system of checks and balances , " Clapper said . " I feel as though that is under assault and is eroding . " RELATED : The many paths from Trump to Russia   Democrats and several Republicans in Congress have publicly mulled pressing the Department of Justice to appoint a special prosecutor or establishing an independent investigative body that could look into allegations of potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign in what the US intelligence community says was Moscow ’s efforts to influence the US election .   The Senate must confirm a new FBI director once Trump names a candidate that FBI director will take a lead role in the Russia investigation .   Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee advocated on " Fox News Sunday " that Trump appoint Judge Merrick Garland to head FBI . Josh Holmes , a former aide to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , said later on the program that the Republican leader had just called him the Republican leader say he the Republican leader support Garland Trump appoint Judge Merrick Garland to head the FBI FBI FBI top spot . Garland Trump appoint Judge Merrick Garland to head the FBI President Barack Obama ’s pick to replace Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia after Scalia ’s death last year . If appointed Clapper a vacancy on the US Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , which has jurisdiction over the DC area and federal agencies , making it one of the highest legal authorities in the country short a vacancy on the US Circuit Court of Appeals the Supreme Court . Ca n’t refute or confirm collusion questions , Clapper also said Sunday that the President and the White House are wrong to cite Clapper ’s previous Senate testimony on the questions about alleged collusion Clapper Trump campaign and Russia as proof that no such collusion exists , emphasizing that no one should portray his comments as " exculpatory "     something Trump has done repeatedly Clapper Twitter . " The bottom line is Trump do n’t know if there was collusion , political collusion , " Clapper told Tapper . " I do n’t know of any evidence to it . So I ca n’t refute it , and I ca n’t confirm it . " Clapper told it in March that he did n’t it of any Clapper that demonstrated collusion between Russia Clapper the Trump campaign . At a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing earlier this month , Clapper clarified that statement , saying he was also unaware of the Clapper ’s investigation into the matter Clapper Comey made it public in March .   At that subcommittee hearing , former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , whom a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing earlier this month January for refusing to defend his initial temporary ban on visitors from several    countries and suspension Clapper the entry of Syrian refugees , declined to answer the question of whether there was evidence of collusion publicly in her answer , she also noted that Clapper had been unaware of the FBI investigation . Clapper her Sunday that his " standard practice " as the leader of the Clapper community during the Clapper administration was to defer to the FBI on any counterintelligence investigations .   He noted the intelligence community ’s FBI declaring Russia had interfered in the Clapper election did not contain any reporting about political collusion . " I did not have any evidence , " Clapper said , again noting he was unaware of the executive branch investigation into Clapper of collusion . Comey Clapper Trump , On Friday , Trump raised eyebrows by tweeting a warning to Comey , whom he fired unexpectedly on Trump , about leaking information to the media , saying he Comey better hope that there are no ’tapes’ of our conversations before he Clapper leaking to the press . "   In his news briefing later Clapper day , White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined Clapper to explain what the tweet meant or address questions about whether there were recording devices in the Oval Office . Trump and Comey had a private dinner in the White House on January 27 in which Clapper source close to Comey said the President asked the FBI director to pledge his loyalty , which Clapper , Clapper was taken aback by the request , Clapper to do . The dinner was on the same day that Yates went to the White House to warn a private dinner in the White House on January 27 in which a source close to Comey said the President asked the FBI director to pledge his loyalty, which Comey, who reportedly was taken aback by the request, refused to do about    national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s potential vulnerability the White House and that Trump issued the executive order restricting travel from several    nations .   Clapper said Sunday that he spoke with Comey prior to the dinner while at an event at FBI headquarters in Washington . " Clapper mentioned to me the invitation he had from the President for dinner , " Clapper said . " Clapper was     Clapper characterization     Clapper with it both from the standpoint of the Clapper of compromising his Clapper and the independence of the FBI . " 
 Clapper FBI 