Washington ( CNN ) The Senate has silenced Elizabeth Warren .   And by doing so , majority Republicans just handed the liberal firebrand a megaphone     further elevating President Donald Trump ’s fiercest and most prominent critic in The Senate and turning her a megaphone    further elevating President Donald Trump a Democratic hero . The rebuke of Warren Elizabeth Warren after the Massachusetts Democrat read a letter written 30 years ago by Coretta Scott King , the widow of Martin Luther King Jr. opposing the nomination of Jeff Sessions for a federal judgeship .   Warren Elizabeth Warren the a letter written 30 years ago by Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King Jr. opposing the nomination of Jeff Sessions for a federal judgeship a debate on the nomination of Sessions     now an Alabama senator     as Donald Trump ’s attorney general . Reading from King ’s letter to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 , Warren Elizabeth Warren : " Mr. Sessions Sessions    now an Alabama senator    as Donald Trump’s attorney general the awesome power of his Elizabeth Warren to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he Elizabeth Warren seeks to serve as a federal judge . " Read the Coretta Scott King Letter , Republicans cried foul     charging that Warren Elizabeth Warren Senate rules against impugning another senator . A vote along party lines upheld that decision , turning what could have been an ordinary    partisan floor speech for political devotees into a national story . " They can shut me up , but they ca n’t They the truth , " Warren Elizabeth Warren told CNN ’s Don Lemon . The moment immediately galvanized the Democratic base . Weeks after the women ’s marches around the country turned out droves of    protesters , Warren Elizabeth Warren by male senators for attempting to read a letter from a civil rights icon     had given those women a new the women .   Adding fuel to the backlash , supporters noted the apparent hypocrisy that Warren ’s Elizabeth Warren were able to read from the letter uninterrupted . Sen. Tom Udall of New Mexico read the letter to enter it into the congressional record Wednesday New Mexico and Sen. Jeff Merkley was allowed to read from King ’s letter Tuesday night , though he couched his remarks as only Sen. Jeff Merkley portions Sen. Jeff Merkley the letter and with the context the letter uninterrupted in line with Senate rules .   Warren is now forbidden from participating in the floor debate over Sessions’ nomination ahead of a confirmation vote expected Wednesday .   Who voted for and against Sessions , " I literally ca n’t be recognized on the floor of the Senate , " she told Lemon Senate I have become Warren nonperson during the discussion of Jeff Sessions . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell defended invoking Rule Senate , a rarely used chamber regulation that prohibits senators from impugning each other .   " She was warned . She was given an Warren . Nevertheless , Warren persisted , " the Kentucky Republican said Warren the Senate floor , delivering an instantly classic line     the kind liberals imagine being replayed ad nauseum in TV ads in a future presidential campaign .    It could n’t have come at a better    for Warren , who is up for    in 2018 . On Tuesday , she announced she hired an aide who is Warren expert Warren national security , a move that could help burnish her expertise in that area , as well Warren the publication of a new book , which will become available in April .   Liberals had been frustrated with Warren ’s vote in committee in favor of Ben Carson , Trump ’s nominee for secretary of Housing and Urban Development .   No more .   By Tuesday night , the hashtag # LetLizSpeak was trending on Twitter . Millions of people had also watched on Facebook as Warren read the letter outside the Senate chamber Warren MoveOn members contributed $ 250 , 000 to Warren ’s    campaign in about 12 hours Warren Warren used Twitter to attack Sessions and McConnell Warren " Twitter will not be silent about a nominee for AG who has made derogatory   racist comments that have no place in our justice system , " she wrote .   In a    tweet Warren she said : " I will not be Warren while the Republicans rubber stamp an AG who will never stand up to the AG when he breaks the law . "   And the @POTUS : " Tonight @SenateMajLdr silenced Mrs King ’s voice on the Sen floor     millions who are afraid   appalled by what ’s happening in our country . "   Warren went straight from the Senate floor to a    appearance on Rachel Maddow ’s MSNBC show , a favorite of progressives . " I ’ve been    on Sen. Sessions . I ’m out of the game of the Senate floor , " she told Maddow the Senate floor read King Warren letter outside the Rachel Maddow’s floor in a Facebook live video . Meanwhile the Senate floor National Committee blasted out a supportive statement .   Interim chairwoman Donna Brazile said : " It ’s a sad day in America when the words of Martin Luther King Jr. ’s widow are not allowed on the floor of the United States Senate . Let Elizabeth Warren speak . " The moment became a rallying cry for fellow Democrats . California Sen. Kamala Harris took to the Senate floor to call the vote to silence Warren " outrageous the floor of the United States Senate " I never ever saw a time when Elizabeth Warren member of the Senate asked to put into the record a letter     especially by a the United States Senate icon     and somebody objected , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy ,   .   The Senate descended into a series of complaints about declining decorum on both sides . the United States Senate have to treat each other with respect or this place is going to devolve into a jungle , " said    Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch .   Then Democrats brought out examples of Republicans who had crossed similar lines and not been shut up the way Warren was forbidden from participating .   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ’s office highlighted Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ’s accusation that McConnell had told a "   lie " about the future of the    Bank in 2015 . Warren sat on the Senate floor , though , silently . She had already had her Warren . CORRECTION : Senate earlier version of this story misidentified Warren senator from New Warren . It is Tom Udall . 
 