Just hours after Donald Trump renewed Donald Trump claim that Hillary Clinton wants to " abolish " the Second Amendment , PolitiFact tried to counter by suggesting that Hillary Clinton " misspoke " or misunderstand the Australian gun ban when Hillary Clinton voiced support for the Australian gun ban in October 2015 . [ On October 16 Hillary Clinton said the Australian gun ban was " worth looking at " for gun policy in the U. S.   But PolitiFact suggests the claim that Hillary Clinton wants to " abolish " the Second Amendment is " false " because " Hillary Clinton may have misspoken or not fully understood Australia ’s program . " In order to prove Trump wrong , PolitiFact even worked to dismiss Hillary Clinton ’s refusal to admit Americans have a constitutional right to keep and bear arms . On June 5 Bretibart News reported that Hillary Clinton twice refused to admit the right to keep and bear is constitutional during the airing of This Week with George Stephanopoulos . But PolitiFact claims this refusal has to be viewed in light of PolitiFact rejection of the ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller ( 2008 ) and therefore , may not be a 100 percent rejection after all . By the way , Hillary Clinton ’s problem with the Heller the ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) it reaffirmed an individual the ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) to keep and bear arms that the federal government can not violate . Two years later —   in McDonald v. Chicago ( 2010 ) —   the Supreme Court affirmed that this individual right is incorporated under the Fourteenth Amendment , thereby barring    from violating it as well .    is at war with Heller because Hillary Clinton knows Heller if Hillary Clinton can be successful in reversing the recognition of an individual right , then Hillary Clinton can be successful in opening the floodgates for gun control at city , state , and federal levels . Hillary Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin said as much when Trump first began warning that Clinton wants to " abolish " the Second Amendment . Huffington Post reported that Schwerin rejected the language Her spokesman Josh Schwerin " abolish " or " repeal , " but affirmed that Clinton " believes Heller Clinton wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the power to craft common sense laws to keep their residents safe . Clinton "believes Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states So PolitiFact and Schwerin miss the fact Her spokesman Josh Schwerin one does not have to " repeal , " erase , or otherwise remove the words of the Second Amendment to " abolish " it . The most simple approach would be to let it stand but empty The most simple approach of meaning . The most simple approach that is exactly what Clinton tries to do when she wars against Heller Clinton refuses to admit the existence of a constitutional right to keep and bear arms . It is a covert means of abolishing the Second Amendment . the Second Amendment the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 