WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    The Koch brothers’ powerhouse Beltway group that manages much of their political spending is taking a cue from Charles Koch and deciding not to support Donald Trump or Ted Cruz in the general election . And it ’s leaving the door open to possibly supporting Hillary Clinton . [ Breitbart News has learned that the Kochs’ " secret bank " Freedom Partners is staying out of the 2016 election , just four years after the Kochs’ "secret bank" Freedom Partners spent big , including for the    cause . Freedom Partners , based in Arlington , Virginia , would not rule out supporting Hillary Clinton , though the group made clear that the group are not currently supporting Hillary Clinton and have seen " no indication " that Hillary Clinton would qualify for the group support , absent a massive repudiation of Hillary Clinton past support for the    Bank and runaway government spending .   Billionaire    benefactor Charles Koch said in an ABC News interview that Hillary Clinton could " possibly " be a better candidate for his Billionaire   benefactor Charles Koch than either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz . " We Hillary Clinton could "possibly" be a better candidate for his interests than either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz have to believe her Hillary Clinton would be quite different than her Hillary Clinton . Let me put it that way , " Koch Billionaire   benefactor Charles Koch . Koch Billionaire   benefactor Charles Koch called Donald Trump ’s policies on Muslims " reminiscent of Nazi Germany " and cited foreign policy to slam both Trump and Cruz . In Washington , D. C.    is taking the hint . The nonprofit group Freedom Partners is popularly identified alongside its The nonprofit group Freedom Partners financiers , the Koch Brothers . Freedom Partners , which has been called " The Koch Billionaire   benefactor Charles Koch secret bank , " dropped $ 250 million during the 2012 election , including on grants to a group supporting Mitt Romney . But Freedom Freedom Partners planning to stay out of the 2016 election in the event that Donald Trump or Ted Cruz becomes the Republican nominee , and is actually open to the idea of supporting Hillary Clinton if she proves Hillary Clinton worthy Hillary Clinton " We agree with Charles Koch that Hillary Clinton ’s policies are far     with what ’s needed to change the trajectory of our nation . We ’ve seen no indication that she would Hillary Clinton anything other than continue the policies responsible for creating a    society , and we will We support anyone that does n’t share our commitment We protecting free speech , ending corporate welfare and restoring fiscal responsibility , " Freedom Partners spokesman James Davis told Breitbart News . Freedom Partners Freedom Partners Holden said that the group does not plan to get involved to support any candidate in this current race . Freedom Partners said Freedom Partners group ’s position the group front is " unchanged . " " If during the general election cycle , a candidate were able to garner support from the public with a positive message in support of the issues we care about , Freedom Partners did not engage in personal attacks and mudslinging , we would consider potentially getting involved . That has n’t happened yet and there is no indication that this will happen given the current tone and tenor of the various campaigns , " Holden said . 
 