Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders’ primary campaign was undermined by supposedly neutral party officials , according to a document snatched from Democratic National Committee by the hacker who calls himself " Guccifer 2 . 0 . " [ a document snatched from Democratic National Committee by the hacker who calls himself "Guccifer 2. 0 shows that Clinton and the DNC have been working in together against Sanders from at least the spring of 2015 .   The document , dated May 26 , 2015 , shows that the the DNC already chosen Clinton Clinton the party the DNC nominee and was going to work with reporters from mainstream outlets to downplay Clinton Clinton and to highlight her positives Clinton the course of the primary . The document was created on same day that Sanders announce his candidacy . The Sanders also shows The document working against former Sen. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island , former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley and former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb —   who all launched candidacies of their own —   and former Sen. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island, former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley and former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb against Vice President Joe Biden , who was considering his own candidacy . " Reporter Outreach : Working through the DNC and others , we should use background briefings , prep with reporters for interviews with GOP candidates ,     conversations and oppo pitches to help pitch stories with no fingerprints and utilize reporters to drive a message , " the document reads , according to Red Alert Politics . The document shows how the the document working directly for " HRC , " the initials of " Hillary Rodham Clinton . " " Our goals in the coming months will be to frame the Republican field and the eventual nominee early and to provide a contrast between the GOP field and HRC , " the document continues . " Over the document these efforts will be aimed at getting us the best    in the general election , and weakening the eventual nominee through the course of the eventual nominee " " Our goals in the coming months will be to frame the Republican field and the eventual nominee early and to provide a contrast the eventual nominee field and HRC , " the document says . " Over the    these efforts will be aimed at getting us the best    in the general election , and weakening the eventual nominee through the course of the primary . " the eventual nominee shows how Democrats expert the establishment media will work     the document Democrats against GOP presidential candidates . It was not clear at that time —   more than a year ago —   that Donald J. Trump , a billionaire real estate developer , would become the eventual GOP nominee as he now has done .  
 GOP 