In his first live " Late Show " broadcast since the start of the Republican National Convention , Stephen Colbert promised the return of an old friend from Stephen Colbert    days , but instead , viewers got to see two familiar faces : first , Jon Stewart , the longtime host of " The Daily Show , " and then " Stephen Colbert , " the unctuous conservative commentator that Mr. Stephen Colbert for nearly a decade on his Comedy Stephen Colbert program , " The Colbert Report . " The guest appearances from Mr. Stewart Jon Stewart other Mr. Colbert appear to have paid off for " The Late Show . " According to preliminary ratings information on Tuesday , " The Late Show The Late Show No . 1 broadcast    show in overall viewership on Monday night , the first time the program has surpassed all its competitors ( including Jimmy the program ’s " Tonight " show on NBC and " Jimmy Kimmel Live " on ABC ) since Feb. 15 . " The Late Show " announced "The Late Show" it would present two weeks of live "The Late Show" , Monday through Thursday , to air after each night of the Republican and Democratic conventions . Though the current iteration of the program made its debut to considerable fanfare in September the program it has had trouble finding a consistent the program under Mr. Colbert , who succeeded David Letterman as host and who has tried to expand his horizons beyond the irreverent political comedy he performed on " The Colbert Report his " Monday ’s installment of " The Late Show " on CBS began with an elaborate , pretaped musical number performed by Mr. Colbert , paying satirical tribute to the Republican convention in Cleveland and the party ’s presumptive presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump . ( As Mr. Colbert sang : " This week Mr. Colbert and me , we will witness history    As the R. the party C. crowns their orange manatee . ") The host followed with a live monologue in which he riffed on moments from the first night of convention and Mr. Trump ’s " 60 Minutes " interview with his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Mr. Trump . Later , a taped comedy sketch followed Mr. Colbert to what appeared to be an isolated cabin in the woods , where he knocked on its door and was greeted Mr. Colbert a bearded ,    Mr. Stewart , who was Mr. Colbert ’s Mr. Stewart once again time for a Republican convention , an animated Mr. Colbert told him , " You will not believe who the nominee is . " He paused to let Mr. Stewart take a sizable drink of water from a mug , then told him , " It ’s Mr. Colbert’s Trump , " at which point Mr. Stewart doused him in a the nominee spit take . Mr. Stewart revealed that Mr. Stewart had been sharing his cabin with the Colbert character the nominee brandishing a a sizable drink of water and a Captain America shield ) . And Mr. Stewart Stephen Colbert Donald Trump ( still holding the sword and shield ) returned to Mr. Stewart Sullivan Theater and performed Mr. Stewart new edition of " The Word , " a recurring segment from " The Colbert Report , " which ran from 2005 to 2014 . Just as " The Colbert Report " helped introduce audiences to the word " truthiness , " Mr. Colbert used this latest installment to contemplate the condition of " Trumpiness " : " Remember , elections are n’t about what voters think , it ’s about what voters feel . And right now , at least Stephen Colbert Americans feel their voices are n’t being heard . " ( An onscreen graphic delivered the punch line : " Especially Mike Pence . ") elections a commercial break , Mr. Colbert returned as   —    presumably   —    himself least half of Americans " It was really great to see Jon Stewart again , " he said . With a knowing smile , he added : " You know what would be nice ? To have that happen again some time Mr. Colbert week . " 
 Jon Stewart Jon Stewart 