I sat down with actor , writer , and Project X star Jonathan Daniel Brown to discuss why , as a Democrat , Democrat wo n’t be voting for Hillary Clinton , and why a substantial amount of Bernie Sanders supporters are now starting to look elsewhere . [ Charlie Nash : Judging by your Twitter account , you dislike the Clintons as much as every other sane guy , and you are now supporting the Green Party ’s Jill Stein in the US presidential election . When was your red pill moment ? When did you start to question the establishment , and Hillary Clinton in particular ?   Jonathan Daniel Brown : I have never been a fan of the the Clintons I have always been much more left wing than the Democrats I ’ve known . I ’m certainly not a fan of the Republicans . I ’m not ’m fan of Donald Trump . I highly dislike Donald Trump Donald Trump I do n’t buy the Democratic argument that the Clintons the Clintons lesser evil . My moment when I started questioning the establishment ? I mean I ’ve always been a rebellious little shit . I got in a lot of trouble as a kid at school for talking back . I mean , I got good grades , but I had " poor behavior . " I just have an    streak in me , and I see the Clintons as the Clintons . The way they have ran their the Clintons during the the Clintons year and a half , especially with the release of the WikiLeaks DNC leaks proving that there was collusion with the Democratic National Committee , is so underhanded and slimy to me . It ’s not me . So the reason I ’m voting for Jill Stein is while I know realistically that this is n’t about winning an election , it ’s about sending a this isn’t about winning an election that you ca n’t spend a year and a half cheating 45 % of the Democratic Party out of their shot , and then 45% of the Democratic Party us to fall in line 45% of the Democratic Party I wo n’t do that . And while I think Donald Trump is a terrible candidate , and I do n’t think he ’d be a good Donald Trump , the idea that he is more evil than Donald Trump Clinton   …      I ’m not so sure about that . The Democrats and the Republicans all take money from the same people , they work for the same The Democrats and the Republicans all , and the same people piss people off , but I do n’t care . That ’s how I feel . CN : You used to support Bernie Sanders , who has now endorsed Hillary . What do you Hillary Clinton about that whole situation ? What do you think is the right thing for Bernie Sanders supporters to do now ? JDB : I spent a year and a half volunteering for the Bernie Sanders campaign , and he was Bernie Sanders part of my life Bernie Sanders His ideals are my ideals . But I Bernie Sanders that it ’s going to be a very hard His ideals to swallow for at least half of us . I imagine about half of us will vote for Clinton , and then us other half will scatter . Just from people I ’ve talked to , I think it ’s about half . I think we ’ve been half of us split and half us us are just going all over the place us I ’ve talked to people who are voting for Gary Johnson , I ’ve talked to a few people who are voting for Trump , I ’ve talked to a few people that are voting for Jill Stein . I think we ’re all just kind of going off us I do n’t think that Bernie Sanders’ campaign was in vain . I think that what he did proved mass corruption in our political system Bernie Sanders’ campaign was in vain And even though he did n’t win , I think he will Bernie Sanders’ campaign was in vain be looked back on very kindly Bernie Sanders’ campaign was in vain history . I really do believe that . CN : I know it seems silly to say that this election has been the least political because of the difference between the policies of the two major candidates at the moment , but it seems to have been predominantly about the establishment versus the     …      JDB : I agree with you . This has been an election between the comments section versus the bloggers in a weird way . This has always been an election between the establishment This the   . I do n’t really know whether those dynamics are still in play now that Trump has been endorsed by the GOP , so that technically makes him the Republican establishment whether Paul Ryan and the Trump want to admit it or not , he ’s now in charge of the Republicans , Trump does that make him    still ? I do n’t know . Trump mean possibly , but at the same time if he ’s now taking money from the RNC , Trump knows . It ’s difficult for me . The GOP when I was a kid were the ones who pushed us into war , they were     …      but now you have The GOP Kaine who has got a horrible record on social issues , so it ’s very confusing . Hillary Clinton was against gay marriage until I was 24 years old . It ’s crazy to me . On the other it , Donald Trump me to have a decent record on gay people , but I ’m not comfortable with his policies on immigration . I understand where that Donald Trump is coming from . I do n’t think everyone who is voting for him is a horrible bigot or racist , but Donald Trump ’m also not comfortable of those policies . To read what Jonathan Daniel Brown his policies on immigration say about # GamerGate , the mainstream media , social justice , and Twitter , make sure you check out part one of the interview here . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 Charlie Nash 