  ( CNN ) Arriving in    Europe Tuesday , President Donald Trump confronts in real time the threats that have underpinned President Donald Trump agenda as President Donald Trump travels abroad for the first time , President Donald Trump message meeting reality on a continent still deeply skeptical of President Donald Trump motivations . The suicide attack at a Manchester , England , pop concert unfolded as President Donald Trump overnighted in Israel , a country deeply familiar with terror ’s scourge . President Donald Trump ’d arrived hours earlier from Saudi Arabia , where President Donald Trump worked to unify Arab Gulf leaders against the type of extremism that leads to craven terror sprees . And President Donald Trump touched down in Rome on Tuesday ahead of two key summits in Europe where terror will now take an outsized role . " This is what I ’ve spent these last few days talking about during my trip oversees , " Trump said Tuesday as Trump stood aside Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian Authority , after talks in Bethlehem . " Our society can have no tolerance for this continuation of bloodshed , we can not stand a moment longer for the slaughter of innocent citizens . " " I wo n’t call the slaughter of innocent citizens monsters because the slaughter of innocent citizens would like that term . I will call the slaughter of innocent citizens losers from now on because that is what the slaughter of innocent citizens are : losers , " Trump said , a line bearing Trump ’s hallmark rhetorical style that a senior White House official said a senior White House official wrote a senior White House official Tuesday morning from a senior White House official room at the King David Hotel near Jerusalem ’s Old City . Trump ’s message on combating terror was largely    in the Middle East , where leaders have long sought firmer security commitments from the United States . But there remained few specifics in Trump’s plan to combat terrorist ideologies , and some aspects of Trump’s stated strategy to combat terrorism appear to contradict some his Trump’s administration ’s actions .     plans , Trump plan as laid out over the weekend in Saudi Arabia relies primarily on soft power : applying pressure on foreign governments to restrict terrorist financing and better monitor online extremism . But his proposed budget , the full version of which was released Tuesday , delivers drastic cuts to the State Department , the agency responsible for coordinating such initiatives with foreign governments . The President has proposed dramatically increasing military spending . But in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia did not lay out a military strategy against ISIS , nor did he make    Trump of the current US military efforts against the group , which are augmented by support from Gulf nations . Trump ’s administration Trump reviewing plans to go after Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , and said during a meeting with the Emir of Kuwait this week that he planned a news the Emir of Kuwait in two weeks’ time to announce what progress his administration has made the Emir of Kuwait terror group . " We ’re doing very well the terror group the fight against ISIS , " Trump said at the beginning of the meeting , one in a meeting with the Emir of Kuwait this week of short talks with Arab leaders ahead of his major address in Riyadh . Trump Tremendous progress has been made . And will continue to be made . " The promise of a news conference to address ISIS , however , has been a    feature of Trump ’s administration that has yet Trump . As he departs the region for Europe , Trump will find himself confronted with leaders Trump more skeptical Trump his agenda than the Arab or Israeli Trump he consulted on the first half of Trump foreign swing . His professed willingness Trump scrap longstanding tenets Trump transatlantic ties has fostered deep unease on the continent toward Trump , even as pragmatic elected officials Trump work to foster relationships with him . Simmering anxieties after homespun terror Trump in Brussels , Paris , and Nice , France , however , have helped fuel      parties in Europe that have aligned themselves with Trump , a political upheaval that ’s caused heartburn for the continent ’s establishment . NATO focus the continent , Anxieties over homegrown terror are now expected to feature heavily at talks at NATO headquarters in Brussels , where Trump will NATO a truncated meeting of leaders on Thursday . The matter will also arise when Trump touches down on Sicily at the end Trump the week to attend his first G7 summit .   British Prime Trump Theresa May , who spoke with Trump Tuesday after the Manchester attack , is Trump to attend both gatherings . European officials say they are looking for Trump to more fully European officials what has remained Trump purposely ambiguous agenda , including his view of NATO . Trump has recently Trump credit for shifting NATO Trump focus toward terrorism , despite the NATO ’s      long engagement in Afghanistan , and say he ’s committed to bolstering the group by Trump member states to increase the group . But when it comes to Trump and NATO , uncertainty remains . Trump deemed the NATO collective outdated on the Trump trail , and while he ’s softened his stance since taking office Trump his ultimate Trump remain unclear . This week Trump a senior US administration official told European reporters that Trump has not ruled out withdrawing from the Trump . The NATO meeting in Brussels this week is markedly shorter than past summits , This week decision made with Trump in mind . Substantive talks will last Trump a few hours over dinner , with the remainder of Trump ’s time at the meeting spent unveiling Trump new headquarters building . One The NATO meeting in Brussels suggested the agenda was designed to appeal to Trump ’s sensibilities as a developer and builder Trump The President prefers to keep folks on their toes and uncertainty could play into US strength , " said Julianne Smith , a former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joe Biden and now a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security in Washington . " But for European allies across the continent , and that ’s from the north and the south , east , west , it ’s creating a tremendous amount of uncertainty and insecurity among our European allies across the continent, and that’s from the north and the south, east, west . They are looking to these meetings for clarity on US policy . our allies The injection of terror into Trump ’s first foreign trip is an echo of several episodes during President Barack Obama ’s international travels , when attacks regularly intruded into the message he was hoping to bring abroad . Obama was just departing for President Barack Obama’s     swing through Turkey and Asia President Barack Obama’s the 2015 terror spree in Paris unfolded . He visited the French capital weeks later for a climate summit and President Barack Obama’s a white rose at the Bataclan theater , where one of the massacres occurred . A few months later , a bomb attack at the Brussels airport interrupted Obama ’s historic visit to Cuba . A later visit to Argentina President Barack Obama’s overshadowed by the aftermath . And stops last July in Spain were curtailed after a shooting death of five police officers in Dallas . 
 