House Speaker Paul Ryan urges conservatives to rally around House Speaker Paul Ryan leadership in 2016 , to focus on economic growth and to avoid emotional " hot button issues " and " identity politics . " [ " We ca n’t let how someone votes on an amendment to an [ ] appropriations bill define what an amendment to an [ ] appropriations bill means to be a conservative , " according to the text of a speech that House Speaker Paul Ryan delivered to an audience at the Heritage Foundation , which included representatives of Heritage Action , which advocates in Congress for conservative policies .   That barb was likely also aimed at That barb      critics in the diverse House Freedom Caucus , who favor reduced federal spending . Most members of the caucus backed House Speaker Paul Ryan when House Speaker Paul Ryan ran for the office of House Speaker in October 2015 .   House Speaker Paul Ryan urged conservatives to scale back conservatives political goals , such as replacement of Obamacare with a      system . " We ca n’t promise that We can repeal ObamaCare when a guy with the last name Obama is president   …      All that does is set us up for failure    …      and disappointment , " according to the speech .   " When voices in the conservative movement demand things that voices in the conservative movement know we ca n’t achieve with a Democrat in the White House , all that does is depress we base and in turn help Democrats stay in the White House , " he said . " We ca n’t do that anymore . " Economics , not social or cultural issues , should be the focus of the GOP in 2016 , according to his speech he " We have America unite conservatives around a bold ,    agenda that will get America back on track —   and then take our agenda America the people   …      [ President Barack Obama ] is going to do all he can [President Barack Obama] elect another progressive by distracting the American people . So he ’s [President Barack Obama] to try to get us talking about guns or some other    issue and not about his failures [President Barack Obama] ISIS or the economy or national security , " he said [President Barack Obama] without citing Donald Trump ’s popular call for enforcement of laws against    and for new restrictions on the immigration of people who embrace Islamic ideas .   Ryan ’s speech tried to sideline the immigration issue , which has upended U. S. politics since Ryan and Ryan business Ryan progressive allies tried in 2013 and 2014 to pass an immigration bill that would have amnesties millions of illegals and provided companies with an endless flood of cheap foreign labor .   Ryan also Ryan his support Ryan    immigration by describing himself as Ryan " Jack Kemp , Ronald Reagan conservative . "   Jack Kemp Jack Kemp liberal libertarian GOP leader in the 1980s , who favored    immigration into California and other states .   When Kemp was active Jack Kemp California was dominated California U. S.   mainstream voters who elected Republicans . Now , after Kemp helped overcome Jack Kemp opposition to    migration , California ’s politics California by minorities , including poor immigrants , ensuring the state is dominated California politicians . But Ryan ’s speech still touted Kemp ’s policies Jack Kemp the late 1970s , Jack Kemp and House conservatives put out a plan to cut taxes and restore America to her greatness . It was bold and aspirational . It was so compelling that Ronald It ran on those ideas in 1980 . And what happened ? Reagan ran the tables . The Ronald Reagan party won a mandate from the people , and the rest , as they say , is history   The Republican party      So we need to be inspirational . The Republican party need to be inclusive . The Republican party has repeatedly promoted greater immigration , and helped increase the use of     . He and his allies argue that Ryan workers Ryan increase the size of the economy , but critics say the extra labor drives down Americans’ wages even as it boost stock values .   Americans’ , four million Americans turn 18 each year , but face job competition from roughly 1 million new immigrants and 700 , 000 new temporary workers . The 2013 bill would have increased the inflow of refugees , tripled the annual inflow of legal immigrants , and increased the annual inflow of    many of who are given    professional jobs sought by American graduates . 
 