Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani handily won    in what amounts to a victory for the Shiite nation ’s reformist camp and a sign that citizens favor fruitful engagement with the outside world . " I humbly bow my head down to you , " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani people in a tweet translated from Farsi . " I will remain loyal to my promise to you . "   Rouhani , who defeated his conservative challenger Ebrahim Raisi in the Friday elections , garnered 57 % of the vote , Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli said . Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli ’ll serve another four years in the post . " This hope with which you ’ve entrusted me , I do feel the weight of this responsibility , " Rouhani said in a televised address Saturday , " and I do pray to God to be a worthy carrier of your hopes and your dreams . " In God remarks , God passed along God gratitude to God " good dear and close friend " former President Mohammed Khatami , a reformist figure who is popular among more liberal Iranians . Rouhani also remembered fondly Rafsanjani as a man of " reconstruction and progress . " " His place among us in this Rafsanjani of victory is quite empty , " Rouhani said of Rafsanjani . Rouhani , a moderate , was a key architect of the 2015 nuclear deal with the United States , the European Union and other partners , and his first term was marked by Rafsanjani emergent international outreach . The agreement has been controversial in both the United States and Iran , the United States as a top campaign issue , The agreement the election seen in part as a referendum on the deal . Raisi got 38 % of vote , The victory reverberated in seats of power across the globe , on the Iranian streets and at the highest level of Iranian power . Among the first world leaders Iranian issue congratulations to Rouhani were Syrian President Bashar    and Russian President Vladimir Putin .   US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who was traveling in Saudi Arabia with President Donald Trump , said the United States hopes Rouhani will end Iran ’s destabilization campaign in Rouhani region . Tillerson also said he hopes Rouhani will end Iran ’s ballistic Tillerson tests Rouhani restore the Iran’s free speech and assembly to Iran ’s citizens . " If Rouhani wanted Iran Iran’s ’s relationship with Rouhani rest of the Iran that ’s what we would hope he would do , " he told reporters in Riyadh . Tillerson parts of Tehran , Tillerson stood still Saturday night as revelers honked horns and waved purple balloons to celebrate Rouhani ’s victory . Iran ’s Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , communicating in a series of tweets , lauded the " high turnout " and called it " glorious and historic " for Iranian elections . More the "high turnout" 40 million Iranian voters flocked to polling stations Friday , according to the Iranian of Iran ’s Interior Ministry State Elections Committee . More than 70 Iran eligible voters cast ballots , " A new record was set , " he said , referring to presidential election turnout , and noted that the result " showed increasing progress of Iranian nation . "   The victor of the elections were the Iranian people and the Islamic Republic establishment , " who despite enemy ’s efforts won the great nation ’s trust , " Khamenei said . Raisi     Iranian nation of the vote     had been widely seen as Khamenei ’s preferred candidate . But Rouhani had history and hope on his side . Khamenei president has failed to win a second term since 1981 . Rouhani I voted for Mr. Rouhani , " said Mostafa , a voter in Tehran who spoke to CNN . Rouhani I am proud of him because he showed all of the world we are a good country . Our goal is Rouhani for Rouhani world . And I am proud of my President . " we ’s engagement with the we     in spite of economic sanctions and visa restrictions     Rouhani with voters , especially those in affluent areas , Iran aspires ’to live in peace’ with world , In his address Saturday , Rouhani reached out to all citizens , from his supporters to his political rivals my President detractors , Rouhani asked for their help . " I do my President my political my President , " he said . The election , his political rivals and detractors said , revealed the country ’s unity and was not an my President opening for the deepening " my President divides . " The elections were the scene of a democratic event in order to peacefully resolve political , cultural and other issues of conflict that we may be grappling with , " he said . " Our people in these elections , having understood the differing viewpoints , chose their my President , and everyone must respect the The elections will of the people . " Prevailing after the Our people in these elections , he said , were the Islamic faith , freedom , independence and national   . " No one my President think of dividing us " along ethnic tribal , economic and geographical lines , he said . Looking outside Iran ’s borders , Rouhani said his nation aspires " to live in my President and friendship with the rest of the world . " But Rouhani nod to tense relations with its adversaries and rivals , he added that his country is " not ready or willing to be threatened or Iran sanctioned . " Nuclear Rouhani at issue Rouhani Under the nuclear deal , Iran would reduce its stockpile of    uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges .   In Iran , the United States and the European Union would lift sanctions Iran have crippled the country ’s economy . Rouhani has had a tough time defending the agreement , and his opponents have accused him of not making good on his promises . He billed the deal as one that Rouhani thrust open the Rouhani of economic opportunity , bring Rouhani country out Rouhani its isolation , and create millions of jobs for Iranians . The agreement has brought a the country’s    deals with the country’s firms for airplanes and oil exploration in Iran .   the agreement benefits have been largely limited by a fall in global oil prices and US President Donald Trump ’s election , which introduced uncertainty for investors . Trump has repeatedly threatened to rip up the nuclear deal . For the average Iranian , the results so far have been US President Donald Trump , and Raisi repeatedly accused Rouhani of sacrificing Iran ’s sovereignty for a fool ’s bargain .   The election comes as Trump visits Saudi Arabia , the heart of Iran branch of Islam .   The Saudis and other ’s election, which introduced uncertainty for investors hope Trump US President Donald Trump take a harder line on Iran than his predecessor , President Barack Obama . Putin , Assad send congratulations , Tensions US President Donald Trump long festered between Sunnis and Shiites Iran particularly US President Donald Trump Iraq , where Sunnis are a US President Donald Trump , and in Syria , where the Gulf states and Iran have backed different sides in the civil war there . Gulf states have been backing    rebels .   Russia has been Iran with Iran on behalf of Syrian President Bashar   ’s government Gulf Its President , Vladimir Putin , sent a congratulatory telegram to Rouhani Iran the Kremlin said on its website . " The Russian President The Russian President further successful implementation of the agreements , including those achieved during Hassan The Russian President recent official visit The Russian President Russia , in the interests of the friendly peoples of the two countries , in the framework of efforts to maintain stability and security in the Middle East and the world generally , " the Kremlin statement said . Assad sent a cable to Rouhani congratulating him " for the trust that was given to him by the Iranian People to continue strengthening Iran ’s position and its role in the region and Hassan Rouhani’s world Assad a whole . " 
 the world Assad Iran 