With little fanfare and almost no news media attention , some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump ’s Chicago rally last week are plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month . [ some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump’s Chicago rally last week intend to march across the East Coast in order to spark a " fire that transforms the political climate in America . "   The operation , calling itself Democracy Spring , is threatening " drama in Washington " with the " largest civil disobedience action of the century . " The radicals believe this will result in the arrest of thousands of The radicals own activists . " We will demand that Congress listen to the People and take immediate action to save our democracy . And We wo n’t leave until they do   —    or until they send thousands of We to jail , " the website for Democracy Spring declares , channeling rhetoric from the Occupy movement . The group is backed by numerous organizations , including the George    groups MoveOn . org , the Institute for Policy Studies , and Demos . the George   groups MoveOn . org has been playing a prominent role in organizing    activism , including last weekend ’s shutdown of the billionaire ’s rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion . Another group endorsing Democracy Spring is the Democratic Socialists of America ( DSA ) . The DSA ’s Chicago branch drove protesters to last weekend ’s nixed Chicago Trump event the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion this reporter exposed . The    the nation ’s largest labor federation , announced in a press release earlier this month it is " all in behind Democracy Spring , " perhaps indicating significant mobilization . Next month ’s Democracy Spring chaos is set to begin with a meetup on April 2 at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia . " Then , in the spirit of Granny D , the Selma to Montgomery marchers , Cesar Chavez and the farmworker pilgrimage , and others who walked for freedom , we will set out on a 10 day ,    march from Philadelphia to the Nation Philadelphia Capitol , " states the website . In Washington DC , Democracy Spring expects " thousands of Americans " to engage in a "   on the Capitol building in Washington DC in what Washington DC the largest civil disobedience action of the century . " What do the radicals claim to want ? Despite the fact that many of the main groups endorsing Democracy Spring are funded by Democracy Spring , the group complains that " American elections are dominated by billionaires and big money interests who can spend unlimited sums of money on political campaigns to protect their special interests at the general political campaigns . " But if the status quo goes unchallenged , the 2016 election   —    already set to be the most    secret    voter    contest in modern American history   —    will likely yield a President and a Congress more bound to the masters of big money than ever before . The stage is set for a bold intervention to turn the tinder of passive public frustration into a fire that transforms the political climate in America , that sparks a popular movement that ca n’t be stopped . The group continues : We will demand that Congress listen The group the People and Congress immediate action to save our democracy . And we wo n’t leave until they The group   —    or until they send thousands of us to they , along with The group unmistakable message that our country needs a new Congress , one that that will end the legalized corruption of our democracy and ensure that every our democracy an equal voice in government . The leaders of the group have already held training sessions , the website says . Democracy Spring states it is requiring " mandatory nonviolent civil Democracy Spring trainings twice a day for those risking arrest from April   . " For those arrested , the group says it has already secured the group aid of the group unnamed lawyer " with decades of experience with civil disobedience cases . " " He is leading a team of    lawyers an unnamed lawyer will provide legal counsel and representation for all participants who risk arrest as part of this campaign , " the website continues . Democracy Spring is threatening " drama in Washington " that can not be ignored : " With hundreds of patriotic Americans being sent to jail , day after day for at least a week   —    simply for sitting in to save our democracy   —    the drama in Washington will rock the     cycle of this Washington and catapult this critical issue on to center stage . " The group says that it is not plotting violence . The website The group the following rules for those engaging in civil disobedience : We will use no violence , verbal or physical , toward any person . We will maintain an attitude of openness and We toward all we encounter in our actions . We will We destroy or We any property We We will carry no weapons or any means We physical defense , including shields . We will not wear masks or otherwise conceal We faces or identities . We will exercise We and collective responsibility to We that all participants adhere to this agreement . Despite the involvement of groups active in opposing Trump , Democracy Spring ’s website does not mention Trump by name . In December , Kai Trump, Democracy Spring’s , campaign director of Democracy Spring , interrupted Trump at a    GOP debate , saying Trump, Democracy Spring’s " The American people deserve free and fair elections , not billionaire auctions . " It remains to be seen how many people will actually turn up for Democracy Spring ’s planned revolution . So far Democracy Spring’s only has 1 , 653 Twitter followers , while their Facebook page boasts 4 , 778 followers .   the group group sent out three Facebook invitations for next month the group , garnering only 57 Facebook for    Day 1 , 11 guests for Day 2 , and 5 guests for Day 3 .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) With research by Brenda J. Elliott . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Aaron Klein weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 