Melbourne , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump argued Tuesday that the controversial     policing tactic once employed in New York City is constitutional , adding that the controversial    policing tactic once employed in New York City is constitutional would " overwhelmingly " save    and Hispanic lives . The practice , however , has been criticized as racial profiling that unfairly targeted those very minority groups . Donald Trump quibbled with debate moderator Lester Holt on Monday night after Lester Holt pointed out that The practice unconstitutional . " I explained last night that     is constitutional , " Donald Trump said at a Florida rally , speaking of a     Donald Trump had with debate moderator Lester Holt of NBC News during Monday night ’s presidential Lester Holt While     policies are used in various US cities , the aggressive implementation of     in New York was ruled unconstitutional by a federal judge in 2013 , who said the policy violated the rights of minorities who were disproportionately targeted . " Stop , question and frisk " remains a policing practice in New York , but has been dramatically reined in . But New York the issue even as he continued to make entreaties to    voters . " A policy Trump     could save thousands of lives in a city like Chicago , just like it saved thousands of lives in New York . Overwhelmingly , this A policy like     save    and Hispanic lives New York who are entitled to the same protections as every American , " Trump said . " I say this to    communities . What do you have to lose ? Donald Trump is going to fix it . We ’ll fix it . Trump going to make it safe this " he added . this then We down a list of this statistics , pointing Trump particular to Trump more than 3 , 000 shootings that have taken place in Chicago just this year . " I will never back down     and that ’s true , Obama ’s hometown     I will never back down from trying to save American lives , " Trump said , pointing out that Chicago is the hometown of President Barack Obama Trump 
 Chicago 