  ( CNN ) Marine Le Pen , leader of France ’s far right National Front party , officially launched her presidential campaign Sunday with a speech attacking globalization and the dangers of immigration . At a rally in Lyon , Le Pen told a crowd of thousands her favors a return to the French franc currency , wants France out of NATO and promised a referendum on remaining in the European Union     à la Brexit . " What is at stake in this election . .. is whether France can still be a free nation , " Le Pen said . " The divide is not between the left and right anymore but between patriots and globalists ! " Le Pen promised to protect French traditions and national character , which she Le Pen are under siege from immigrants who have flooded the nation . " Those who came to France came to find France , not to turn it into their Those who came to France of origin , " she Le Pen . " If that ’s what they Those who came to France they Those who came to France ’ve stayed in their Those who came to France . "   She Le Pen immigrants want to alter the secular nature of French society and instill their immigrants traditions , especially by insisting on religious practices in the workplace . " There is not and there will not be any other laws and values in France other than French laws , " she Le Pen . " We will not be going back , no withdrawing . No compromises ! " Parallels to Trump , The first round of the election will be held April 23 , with a runoff May 7 if no candidate gets more than 50 % of the vote .   Le Pen is one of the    and her Le Pen of winning are aided by a scandal that has ensnared a top opponent , Republican Party candidate Francois Fillon . Magazines in France reported that his Republican Party candidate Francois Fillon and two of his Republican Party candidate Francois Fillon children were given    jobs that earned them his wife and two of his adult children € 1 million ( $ 1 . 08 million ) .   An independent centrist candidate , Emmanuel Macron , also is in the running . Who is Marine Le Pen ? On some issues Le Marine Le Pen US President Donald Trump , another    especially in his stance Marine Le Pen limiting immigration and fighting " radical Islam . " She has praised Trump ’s action on immigration and said his election Marine Le Pen " shows that people are taking their future people . " The immigration issue is sensitive in France , which is home to a large number of immigrants from the Mideast and has suffered several deadly terrorist attacks . In an interview with CNN , she said France is France being attacked by radical Islam . " " Clearly French values are being attacked as are the values of other countries and I worry other countries will be affected in the future , " she said she Le Pen does n’t want to build a wall along French borders but said she wants she slash legal immigration from 200 , 000 to 10 , 000 " entries " per year in France . France also she to see immigrants’ access to public services limited . Le Pen Le Pen EU referendum would be called within six months of her election she " Everyone understands the European Union is a failure , " she said she her Sunday she . " It has not kept any of its promises , It particular about prosperity , security and worst of all has put us under a guardianship . "   At a meeting of Europe ’s nationalist parties last month , she described she EU as a monstrous " chimera " and an "   oligarchy " that France needed to leave . Le Pen approves of Trump travel policy , Internationally , Le Pen , 48 , wants closer ties with Russia and she has she criticized for taking a loan from a Russian bank . In an interview with CNN last year , Le Pen said Le Pen she with no choice after being turned down by French banks .   Father founded party , Her father she    Le Pen , founded the National Front in 1972 . Over the years she has she in power and changed the party ’s racist and    image . As she rose she the ranks     becoming vice president , a member of the European Parliament and then a member of Parliament in France     she tried she soften the National Front ’s image . She took she as president in 2011 and in 2013 her father she expelled from the National Front after repeating a claim that the Nazi gas chambers had been but a detail of history . Marine Le Pen ran for president in 2012 but lost . In her Sunday she , she said she will follow the    trend evidenced by the Brexit vote and Trump ’s election . " The nations have shown us the waking up France a people , " she said she " The waking up of a people is historic . It shows the end of a cycle . History has turned . " 
 