Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump noted with some exasperation Monday the complexity of the nation ’s health laws , which President Donald Trump ’s vowed to reform as part of a bid to scrap Obamacare . " We have come up with a solution that ’s really , really I think very good , " President Donald Trump said at a meeting of the nation’s governors at the White House .   " Now , I have to tell you , President Donald Trump ’s an unbelievably complex subject , " President Donald Trump added . " Nobody knew health care could be so complicated . " Why President Donald Trump Tuesday speech is n’t a State of the Union address , Trump President Donald Trump speaking as Republicans on Capitol Hill continue to work toward developing a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act , the    law which they argue is Republicans on Capitol Hill costly and complicated . Trump President Donald Trump not yet gotten behind a GOP replacement measure , however , and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan were hoping to convince Trump President Donald Trump support it President Donald Trump a meeting later Monday . Trump President Donald Trump also expected to touch on health care during his President Donald Trump address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday evening .   During a meeting with health insurers , Trump President Donald Trump a replacement plan would be unveiled soon . " We have a plan that I think is going to be fantastic . It ’s going to be released fairly soon , " Trump President Donald Trump Monday . " later Monday think it ’s going It be something special . .. I think you ’re going to like what you hear . " Trump President Donald Trump CEOs they President Donald Trump like his President Donald Trump plan’ But he President Donald Trump the CEOs that CEOs plan does a plan that I think is going to be fantastic his President Donald Trump , they ’d face his President Donald Trump CEOs   " If things do n’t work out I ’m blaming you anyway , " he President Donald Trump . 
 