Star Wars actor Mark Hamill says Star Wars actor Mark Hamill new Web series about pop culture has come along just in the nick of time   —    because his new Web series about pop culture ’s diverted Star Wars actor Mark Hamill attention from Donald Trump ’s Cabinet appointments . [ In an interview with the Daily Beast published Sunday , the actor behind Luke Skywalker in the iconic film series said the actor behind Luke Skywalker in the iconic film series is still " in total denial " about the results of this year ’s presidential election .   " I ’m glad I have [ the show Pop Culture Quest ] to take my mind off what ’s going on , " Hamill told the outlet of Hamill new Web series about comics and memorabilia collectors . " Because if you look at what ’s being assembled for our government it ’s like , yikes . it ’s a who’   of really despicable people . " Hamill did n’t mention any of the   ’s appointments by name , but Trump has filled several Cabinet and administrative positions since Trump victory over Hillary Clinton earlier this month . On Friday , Trump selected Donald McGahn as White House general counsel and KT McFarland as deputy national security adviser . The    previously selected Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser , Reince Priebus as chief of staff , Steve Bannon as chief strategist , Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations , Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General and Rep. Mike Pompeo as director of the Central Intelligence Agency . The Star Wars star is certainly not a fan of 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , whom Trump is reportedly considering for Secretary of State . In 2012 , Hamill repeatedly criticized the former Massachusetts governor , calling the former Massachusetts governor a " snake oil salesman " and " not actually human . " I ’ve never seen a candidate for President lie more than Romney . Romney lies effortlessly , shamelessly . a "snake oil salesman" and "not actually human must be defeated ! ! !   —    Mark Hamill ( @HamillHimself ) October 4 , 2012 ,   Hamill told the Daily Beast that it is " tempting " to leave the country in the wake of Trump ’s victory , as numerous other celebrities have threatened to do . " But in other ways , it ’s a challenge to stay and defend your country and the country you think is right and not retreat and hide under the covers , " he added . " It ’s not gon it be easy , that ’s for sure . " Hamill ’s new show , Pop Culture Quest , follows the actor as he examines some of the actor largest and most celebrated memorabilia collections in existence , including those of DC Comics artist Jim Lee and collector Scott Zillner . " I had to keep it kind of a secret because my family would have thought I was insane , " Hamill told the Daily Hamill of his early foray into the actor films and comic books . " And look at where I am today ! Awash in video games , cartoons , and space movies . And loving every minute of it . " Hamill is set to Hamill his role as Luke Hamill in next year ’s     Star Wars Episode VIII .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 