  ( CNN ) Despite loudly voiced objections to  (CNN) relevancy and  (CNN) funding , US President Donald Trump has committed to attend a meeting of NATO leaders in Europe in May , according to NATO .   Trump , who was outspoken on the campaign trail about the role     and upkeep     of the security pact , spoke with NATO NATO General Jens Stoltenberg Sunday night .   During the call , the NATO leaders in Europe reconfirmed the importance of the Alliance in troubled times , " according to a statement from NATO NATO   Trump and Stoltenberg Trump, who was outspoken on the campaign trail about the role    and upkeep    of the security pact NATO NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg their defense spending commitments , Trump, who was outspoken on the campaign trail about the role    and upkeep    of the security pact role of the organization in defeating terror , and the potential for a peaceful resolution to the Ukrainian conflict . " The Secretary General recalled NATO NATO consistent policy of strong defense and dialogue with Russia , " the statement reads . " The Secretary General and President Trump looked forward to the upcoming NATO NATO in Brussels in late May to discuss these issues . " The White House confirmed that Trump would attend the summit President Trump     Last the upcoming NATO summit in Brussels in a joint interview with the Times of London and the German publication Bild , Trump accused the organization , President Trump was founded in 1949 as a bulwark against Soviet expansionism , of being " obsolete . "   In the interview , which took place prior to his inauguration , Trump restated his    doubts President Trump the transatlantic his .   " I said a long time ago that NATO had problems , " he said . " Number one his it was obsolete , because it was designed many , many it ago . " Number two , the countries were n’t paying what they ’re supposed to be paying the countries " adding that this was unfair to the United States . Only five of NATO ’s 28 members     the NATO Greece , Poland , Estonia and the UK     meet the alliance ’s target of spending at least 2 % of GDP on defense . The comments led to " astonishment and agitation " within the alliance , German Foreign Minister    the alliance . However , Trump ’s Defense Secretary , James Mattis , later sent a strong signal of support to NATO later in January , reaching out to three critical alliance partners and saying the US had an " ’unshakeable commitment to NATO . " At a press briefing following NATO calls , White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked about the disconnect between Mattis’ comments and his boss’ . " The President is very White House press secretary Sean Spicer that as it ’s structured now , in terms of the output of NATO , he does n’t feel as though NATO ’s The President what its mission was set it to do or it it ’s being particularly effective , " Spicer it at the time . Britain tells Europe : Pay your fair share into NATO , European leaders denounce Trump statements , NATO ’s call came after EU leaders met in Malta last week , where they denounced the incoming President ’s recent attacks EU leaders Europe as they met for a summit to Europe the EU leaders of the union . EU leaders have been rattled by Trump ’s EU on Europe and the NATO Trump . Along Europe calling the alliance " obselete , " he has voiced the NATO transatlantic alliance for Britain ’s departure from the EU and he European refugee policies . OPINION EU Europe still rely on NATO ? French President Europe Hollande hit out at Trump NATO Hollande arrived at the informal summit on the future of the French President Francois Hollande in Malta .   " There are threats EU are challenges , " he said . " What is at stake is the very future French President Francois Hollande the European Union . " 
 