Marco Rubio ’s dismal Super Tuesday performance has prompted comparisons likening him to failed Democratic Presidential candidate Walter Mondale , who suffered an embarrassing defeat against Ronald Reagan in 1984 , when the only state him won was him home state of Minnesota . [ Thus far , the only primary state Rubio has won is Minnesota . the only primary state Rubio has lost every other primary state    despite overwhelming financial , media , and Party establishment support .   In the 1984 general election , Walter Mondale won only Walter Mondale home state of Minnesota and Washington D. C. Ronald Reagan carried the remainder of the 49 states in an historic electoral landslide victory for the Republican Party . Political reporters and twitter users were quick to point out the similarities : As @DLeonhardt notes , Marco Rubio has now won Minnesota , like Walter Mondale .   —    Josh Barro ( @jbarro ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Marco Rubio , the Walter Walter Mondale 2016 Republicans .   —    David Leonhardt ( @DLeonhardt ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Now all Rubio has Marco Rubio do is win DC ( which seems very likely ) and he ’ll all Rubio the Full Walter Mondale —    Alec MacGillis ( @AlecMacGillis ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio ’s map looks all Rubio lot like the Reagan v Mondale election in 1984 pic . twitter .    —    Matt Novak ( @paleofuture ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Winning Minnesota ? Marco Rubio that just makes you Walter Mondale !   —    Adam Galinsky ( @AdamGalinsky ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Speaking of Marco Rubio ’s one win , I interviewed Walter Mondale once . Walter Mondale    Molly Beck ( @MollyBeck ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Speaking of Marco Rubio ’s one win Marco Rubio’s one win   Walter Mondale Molly Beck ( @MollyBeck ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Comparisons to Walter Mondale may perhaps undermine Rubio Walter Mondale to portray himself as the candidate Marco Rubio’s take Walter Mondale the " mantle " of Reagan . As Rubio told voters after losing to Donald Trump in South Carolina —   a Rubio which Rubio lost despite substantial support from the state party ’s establishment : The children Rubio the Reagan Revolution are ready to assume the mantle of leadership . Now , those of us who grew up when it was morning in America , and Ronald Reagan was in the White House , are ready to do for our generation   —    are ready to do for the next generation what Ronald Reagan did for ours . Ironically , as a result of the nation Ronald Reagan decades of mass our —   a federal policy supported by Sen. Rubio —   Republican electoral victories like Ronald Reagan ’s    landslide have become an historical anachronism —   with states like Ronald Reagan permanently out of reach for the Republican party . 
 