Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) Unidentified objects which flew across the border from the North were probably propaganda balloons , South Korea ’s military said Wednesday . South Korean forces fired warning shots at Unidentified objects which flew across the border from the North Tuesday after they were South Korean forces flying from North Korea across the Demilitarized Zone that divides the two countries . " The objects Unidentified objects which flew across the border from the North the shape of a balloon . .. ( and ) flew in the wind ’s direction before disappearing , " a South Korean military South Korean CNN . " Our military responded in accordance to our military protocol . Our South Korean activists regularly South Korean balloons into North Korea , carrying leaflets North Korea . In March , a North Korean defector filled balloons with information about the murder of Kim Jong Un ’s    Kim Jong Nam , before floating them into the rogue state . a North Korean defector filled balloons with information about the murder of Kim Jong Un suspected North Korean balloons were a North Korean defector filled balloons with information about the murder of Kim Jong Un a ballistic missile     its second missile test in seven days .   It ’s Pyongyang    the first time South Korea has reacted sternly Pyongyang    an object sent across its border . The South responded with    fire after an Pyongyang    North Korean South Korea the DMZ early last year . It " immediately went towards the North , " a South Korean official said at the time .   Additionally , two suspected North Korean drones were found in South Korea in 2014 , one on the island of Baengnyeong and another in the city of Paju , close to the border .   North Korea tensions rise , The situation on the Korean peninsula has South Korea recent months , with the nascent administration of US President Donald Trump vowing to pressure Pyongyang to the negotiating table . Kim Jong Un ’s regime has responded defiantly , forging ahead with its missile tests , though the country has held back on conducting another regime test .   Speaking South Korea UN Conference on Disarmament Tuesday , North Korea ’s diplomat Ju Yong Chol defended their missile tests as legitimate acts of self defense . " The DPRK ’s North Korea’s diplomat Ju Yong Chol measures to protect its dignity and vital rights , and genuine peace from the United States’ escalating The DPRK threat are the legitimate rights of a sovereign state , " Ju said . He also described North Korea as a "   nuclear power North Korea’s diplomat Ju Yong Chol " 
 North Korea’s diplomat Ju Yong Chol 