For more than two decades , Celeste Thompson , 57 , a home care worker in Missoula , Mont. had not had regular contact with a doctor     no annual physicals and limited sick visits . She also needed new glasses . Like many others who work in the lower rungs of the health care system , She has worked hard to keep She clients healthy by feeding her clients , dressing her clients and helping her clients navigate chronic conditions . But because of the low wages and the hourly structure of this industry     which analysts estimate is worth nearly $ 100 billion annually and projected to grow rapidly     workers like Thompson often do n’t have health insurance .   Many home health agencies , 80 percent of which are    do n’t offer coverage , or Many home health agencies, 80 percent of which are    employees do n’t consistently clock enough hours to be eligible . Many home health agencies, 80 percent of which are    generally earn too much to qualify for public aid but too little to afford the cost of premiums . " It ’s a social justice issue . We have a workforce that is the backbone of    [ care ] services , and they themselves do n’t have coverage , " said Caitlin Connolly , who runs a campaign to increase home care wages at the National Employment Law Project , an advocacy organization . In 2015 , Montana opted in to the 2010 health law ’s expansion of Medicaid , the      health insurance program . Thompson , who was making about $ 10 an hour , immediately signed up . Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up vision care was among the first things Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up focused on . Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up had not visited an eye doctor in nine years     a problem because Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up job includes keeping track of patients’ pill bottles and making sure they take the right medications .   " I had to use a magnifying glass to see small print , " said Thompson , who now wears bifocals . Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up doctor has since warned Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up Thompson, who was making about $10 an hour, immediately signed up may need a stronger correction soon . The Trump administration ’s attempt at replacing the Affordable Care Act would have reined in Medicaid spending in states like Montana . But The Trump administration’s attempt at replacing the Affordable Care Act failed to get enough support in Congress and was withdrawn March 24 .   Many Republicans say repeal is still a priority , and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price could change key regulations affecting the current law right now , without Congress Congress Thompson is part of a large population of    caregivers who might be affected by such changes . From 2010 to 2014 , about half a million of these workers gained new health insurance through Obamacare , estimates PHI , a New    nonprofit that researches this slice of the labor force and advocates for improved working conditions , in a March issue brief . Most home care workers’ gains came from living in states that , like Montana , expanded Medicaid . But even with Obamacare Obamacare place , many home health workers     perhaps 1 in 5     remain uninsured . By contrast , about 8 . 6 percent of all Americans lack coverage . Even catching a cold is risky . Before Thompson got Medicaid Medicaid a sinus infection represented an unplanned expense . Seeing a doctor meant forgoing groceries . She a doctor take     pills and hope to get better . " I would go to work sick , and that ’s not good , " she a doctor , noting that her a doctor are frail and elderly . " But I could n’t afford to be off . I needed the money . " Many Republicans have long favored proposals to reduce federal costs associated with this      insurance program , saying that shifting funding from a    basis to block grants to states would make the system more efficient . But many advocates for these workers take a different view , and the current air of uncertainty adds an extra layer of concern . Under the 2010 law , " at least we were on a path " to addressing coverage and access concerns , said Elly Kugler , the federal policy director at the National Domestic Workers Alliance , a coalition that represents home care providers . If it goes away , she Elly Kugler, the federal policy director at the National Domestic Workers Alliance, a coalition that represents home care providers , it it not so clear how these workers will access health care . Currently , home care workers on average earn less than $ 20 , 000 per year . The federal government only recently ruled they The federal government for overtime pay and minimum wage protections . And there ’s another rub : Most of the money paying for    home care comes from Medicaid and Medicare , PHI estimates ( PDF ) . If either of those sources is squeezed , " that will translate to hours cut , " Connolly said     because people who need home care will also have fewer resources to pay for these services . " My clients wo n’t be able to afford me . I ca n’t make a living . It ’s a vicious cycle , " said Kim Thomas , 52 , a home care worker in Durham , N. C. She makes $ 9 . 75 an hour and has 32 clients     one of whom is almost fully paralyzed and needs help eating , dressing and moving . Her N. C. She start at 5:30 a. m. To make ends meet , she N. C. She nights at the local hospital . Thomas Kim Thomas diabetic . For Thompson in Montana , the concern is similar . If Medicaid is revised or the health law repealed , she N. C. She , it Medicaid not just her N. C. She at risk but her N. C. She . Her N. C. She history puts her N. C. She high risk of endometrial cancer , and her N. C. She recommends screenings twice a year . But without insurance , that ’s not feasible , she N. C. She . " We do n’t have enough money at the end of the month to buy essential things , like deodorant , " she N. C. She . " We go to the food bank four times a month . Without Medicaid , it would be really hard on [ our family ] trying to come up with the money to go the doctor . " 
 