Washington ( CNN ) Both Trump spoke on the phone Friday after a blowup the day before between the two leaders over the proposed border wall . Both Trump ’s and Peña Nieto ’s offices released readouts of the Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto the two leaders spoke about the importance of their relationship the two leaders over the proposed border wall such as stemming the sale of illegal the two leaders over the proposed border wall and arms     that they could work on together . But the respective statements differed on the two leaders over the proposed border wall key point : a promise , per the Mexican side , to not speak publicly about who would pay for the wall . " With regard to the payment of the border wall , both Presidents acknowledged their clear and very public the wall on this sensitive issue , " both Presidents Mexican statement said . " The Presidents also agreed at this point Mexican to speak publicly about this controversial both Presidents " The White House statement included near identical language on the border wall , but did the Mexican statement not to speak publicly the wall . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters later Trump did agree to not publicly talk about this controversial issue border wall White House funded during the call with Peña Nieto . " They agreed the wall how it will be paid for publicly , that they will continue to have those discussion privately , " how the border wall will be funded during the call with Peña Nieto said . When asked why that information was not in the White House how the border wall will be funded during the call with Peña Nieto , Spicer said : " Ask the ( Mexican White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer President why he wanted to put it out . " During White House conference at the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer House on Friday , Trump did not mention building the the (Mexican) President . The    that information discussion comes after the Mexican president canceled a meeting with Trump that had been set for next week after the White House moved forward with plans to build the (Mexican) President the    border and Trump tweeted Trump the meeting should n’t go ahead if Mexico the White House to pay for its construction . At White House news conference with British Prime Minister Trump May , Trump was asked about the call and   described a " very , very Mexico " conversation with the White House , at the same time insisting he would maintain a Trump stance on trade with the US neighbor . " Mexico . .. has    us and beat us to a pulp through our past leaders Trump " Trump said . " They have made us look foolish . " Mexico President said he would work to bolster us " soft and weak us border and prevent American Trump from moving across the border . us We ’re no longer going to be The President country that does n’t know what it ’s doing , " Trump said . Thursday was a low point in the relationship between the two leaders .   " This morning we have informed the White House that I will not Trump the meeting scheduled for next Tuesday with the POTUS , " Peña Nieto tweeted Thursday . " If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting , " Trump tweeted before Thursday meeting was canceled . White House press secretary Sean Spicer endorsed the idea of a 20 % border tax on goods from Mexico on Thursday as Trump way to the meeting scheduled for next Tuesday with the POTUS wall , estimated the White House $ $ 15 billion . But he later said that was only one of many options under consideration Mexico It is controversial among Republicans on Capitol Hill , with critics saying the tax would be passed on to White House press secretary Sean Spicer in the United States . 
 a 20% border tax on goods from Mexico 