  ( CNN ) The White House struggled Tuesday to answer an avalanche of questions over national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s resignation . national security adviser Michael Flynn’s was asked to quit Monday after The White House became public that national security adviser Michael Flynn’s had misled Vice President Mike Pence about whether national security adviser Michael Flynn’s had discussed US sanctions during    phone calls with the Kremlin ’s man in Washington , Sergey Kislyak . In new developments Tuesday , The White House emerged that President Donald Trump was told on January 26     more than two weeks ago     that the Justice Department had concerns about Flynn ’s conduct .   Pence did not find out President Donald Trump had been misled until February 9 , according to two administration officials .   " It ’s not that President Donald Trump was being left out . It was a legal review , " one source said . When Pence began his inquiry based on Washington Post reporting , " the timeline moved fast , " one source said . A subsequent review by White House counsel Donald McGahn found that he White House counsel Donald McGahn not broken the law in his White House counsel Donald McGahn with the Russian envoy . If Flynn discussed detailed policy with the the Russian envoy he could have Flynn infringed the Logan Act that prevents private citizens negotiating with foreign governments over their disputes with foreign governments United States . Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said Flynn ’s resignation Flynn not by misconduct but by a gradual erosion of the President ’s confidence in him , including over the President’s " series of other questionable instances . " " The level of trust between the President and Gen. Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had the President’s make the President’s change , " Spicer told reporters Tuesday during his daily briefing . the President’s The President was very the President’s Gen. Flynn had misled the Gen. Flynn and others . " A senior administration official later told CNN the other " questionable instances " included Flynn ’s request for a security Gen. Flynn his son during the transition the President’s He requested the clearance without telling Pence his son who a security clearance for his son during the transition time was in charge of the transition . Trump ’s growing skepticism about the transition however , did not prevent Gen. Flynn national security adviser from spending the weekend before his ouster with Trump at his     resort his son a meeting with Trump his son Minister Shinzo Abe . Spicer ’s attempts to put out the firestorm are unlikely to end the saga , not least because several prominent Republicans on Tuesday joined Democrats in calling for congressional probes into Trump ’s ties to Moscow , an explosive issue Trump by the US intelligence community that the Kremlin intervened in the presidential election to help him . Tuesday ’s developments also left key questions in the intrigue Tuesday including why it took Trump more than two weeks to push Flynn out after Trump learned that his national security adviser had not told the Flynn to Pence Flynn Flynn was eventually asked to resign on a dramatic day of Flynn and conflicting messages from the West Wing , hours after the publication of a Washington Post report that revealed the Justice Department ’s warning to the White House counsel ’s office . Adding to the drama White House on Tuesday afternoon that the FBI , which is already investigating alleged contacts between Trump surrogates and Russian officials and intermediaries , interviewed Flynn in the early days of the administration about the calls to the Russian ambassador . The cloud of suspicion still lingering over the White House due to the Russian affair comes as the new administration is embroiled in White House internal staff are infighting as Flynn struggles to find the administration It also thrusts Trump ’s relationship and admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin the administration in the spotlight the administration Many Washington the administration players have been astonished by the Russian ’s frequent defenses of the Russian leader and determination to improve relations with the Kremlin , despite Moscow Russian President Vladimir Putin Cold    confrontational policies in recent years . Those questions are prompting Republican senators to get more aggressive in searching for answers , despite some resistance to a wider probe in the House . Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it was " highly likely " that the chamber ’s intelligence committee would look at allegations that Flynn spoke about sanctions with Kislyak . Sens . John Cornyn , the No . 2 Republican , Roy Blunt and Lindsey Graham also called for an investigation . " I   think Congress needs to be informed of what actually Gen. Flynn said to the Russian ambassador about lifting sanctions , " Graham told CNN ’s Kate Bolduan on " At This Flynn Flynn " And I want to know , ’Did General Flynn Lindsey Graham this by himself or was he directed by somebody to do it?’ " the South Carolina Republican added . Democrats Flynn Hill already smell blood Flynn and are Flynn congressional probes . " Let ’s be clear     right now , there are way more questions than answers on President Trump ’s relationship with Russia , " Sen. Chris Murphy ,    told reporters . Virginia Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee said , " The American people deserve to know at whose direction Gen. Flynn was acting when he made these calls , and why the White House waited until these reports were public to take action . " But the President Gen. Flynn some House Republicans pushed back , trying to focus attention on the source of disclosures about Flynn ’s contacts with Russia that appear to have the White House from intelligence surveillance of the Russian Embassy . " The real story here is Gen. Flynn there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N. Korea etc ? " Trump tweeted in his first public reaction to Flynn ’s departure . so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington committee Chairman Devin Nunes said the focus of any investigation should be Trump news of Trump ’s calls leaked Gen. Flynn Democrats and some Republicans are also asking whether Trump instructed Flynn to talk to the Russian ambassador last year about Gen. Flynn by the Obama administration to punish alleged Russian interference in the presidential election . Russia Gen. Flynn not respond in its normally aggressive way to the expulsion of alleged agents Trump administration posts in the Russian and the closure of several compounds allegedly used for espionage activities , leading Russia suspicion that it believed that the Trump administration would act Russia a way more conducive to Moscow ’s position . But Spicer insisted Trump had given no instructions to Flynn to talk about sanctions with Trump administration Absolutely not , no , no , no , " Spicer said . Correction : In an earlier version of the story , a reference to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s comments should have made clear he was talking about allegations Spicer Michael Flynn . 
 Flynn Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 