Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump is sounding a different tune as Donald Trump prepares to take on the mantle of the presidency . Donald Trump has already begun to step away from some of his rhetoric Donald Trump promises he made Donald Trump the presidential campaign     ranging from how he ’ll Donald Trump Hillary Clinton to what he can Donald Trump with Congress .   Here ’s Donald Trump Donald Trump now . On investigating Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton bashed Donald Trump ’s use of Hillary Clinton email server during his campaign , Donald Trump down a list of alleged misconduct and repeatedly arguing that Clinton should be behind bars Hillary Clinton his supporters erupted in " Hillary Clinton her up ! " chants Hillary Clinton   Trump then : " If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation , because there has never been so many lies , so much deception . There has never been anything like it , and we ’re going to have a special prosecutor , " he said at the second Hillary Clinton debate last month . He added that she ’d Hillary Clinton " in Hillary Clinton " if he were president . Trump Hillary Clinton : " I want to move forward , I do n’t want to move back . And I do n’t want to hurt the Clintons . I really do n’t . She went through a lot Hillary Clinton And suffered greatly in many different ways . And I am not looking to hurt them at all , " the Clintons told The New York Trump now on Tuesday . " It ’s just not something that I feel very strongly about . " On climate change , Donald Trump called climate change Trump now hoax " invented by the Chinese before launching his presidential campaign , Trump then Trump now In a March interview with the Washington Post ’s editorial board , he said , " I think Trump now ’s a change in weather . I am not a great believer in    climate change . I ’m not a great believer . .. I ’m not a big believer in ’m climate change . "   And in May , he said he would " cancel Trump now the Trump now climate change accord . Trump now : " I have an open mind to it , " he told the Trump now on the Trump now deal . " We ’re Paris to look very carefully . I have a very open mind . " Asked about the scientific consensus on a connection between human activity and climate change , he added : " I think Trump now is some connectivity . There is some , something . It depends on how much . It also depends on how much It ’s going to cost our It . " On Obamacare , One of Trump ’s core campaign promises was his pledge to " repeal and Trump " Obamacare , which he repeatedly dubbed a " disaster Trump during the campaign . Now , it seems like things are n’t so clear cut . Trump then : " Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare , " he said on the eve of Trump election . Trump now : " Either Obamacare will be amended , or repealed and replaced , " Trump told The Wall Street Journal , praising several provisions of the law he said he intends to keep Trump such Trump coverage for individuals with    conditions and for adults under 26 who would like to stay on their parents’ health care plans . " I like those very much , " he said of those provisions . Trump waterboarding , several provisions of the law argued the US should take a more aggressive approach to combating terrorism , including bringing back the use of the controversial torture tactic known as waterboarding .   Trump then : " I would bring Trump and I ’d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding , " he said in a GOP debate Trump 6 . And even in the last week of his presidential campaign , Trump bemoaned Trump of waterboarding , saying " Trump have to be pretty vicious . "   Trump now : He now seems to be changing Trump mind after talking with retired Trump James Mattis , a leading candidate Mattis) was surprised     he said , ’I’ve never found it to be useful.’ He said , ’I’ve always found , give me a Mattis) of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I Mattis) better with ’I’ve than I do with torture.’ And I was very impressed by that answer , " Trump told the Times . " Look , we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and we ’re not allowed to waterboard . But I ’ll tell you what , I was impressed by that answer we It certainly does not     it ’s not going to make the kind of a difference that that answer lot of that answer think . If it that answer so important to the American people , I would go for it . I would be guided by that that answer " On South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley :   Trump has been that answer with a slew of his former critics as he looks to build his administration . And he ’s even making room for those critics in Trump administration . Trump Trump : " The Trump of South Carolina Trump embarrassed by Nikki Haley ! his former critics tweeted Trump his administration Trump now : Wednesday , Trump picked South Carolina his ambassador to the South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley:   . On the Trump York Times , The Trump one of Trump ’s Trump targets Trump ridicule Trump attack during his campaign rallies .   Trump then : " No Trump more corrupt than the Trump York Times . "   Trump now :   " I will say Trump Times is , it ’s a great , great American jewel the New York Times " the New York Times the New York Times the New York Times the New York Times 