PHILADELPHIA   —    An article published over the weekend by the Economist warns that an America governed by " " will be " poorer and more dangerous , " while urging Republicans to support Hillary Clinton instead of Donald Trump , who , the magazine claims , has " sucked confidence out of global institutions . " [ Unmentioned in An article published over the weekend by the Economist is that the Economist Group , which owns the controlling stake in the the magazine is partially owned by the famous Rothschild family .   Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild ( pictured ) also sits on the Economist Group ’s board . She is Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild (pictured) top Clinton supporter , donor , and fundraiser , and has done work with the Clinton Foundation and donated to the foundation the Clinton Foundation De Rothschild Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild (pictured) a staunch Clinton supporter she Clinton a Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild (pictured) PUMA " ( " Party Unity My Ass " ) activist after Clinton lost the Clinton primary to Barack Obama and she supported John Clinton in protest . The latest Economist attack on Trump came in the form of an article published on Saturday titled , " The new political divide : Farewell , left versus right . The contest that matters now is open against closed . " The piece cautions readers to " start by remembering what is at stake . " " The multilateral system of institutions , rules , and alliances , led by America , has underpinned global prosperity for seven decades , " it reads . Referring the magazine Trump , the magazine Trump , " A world of    would be poorer and more dangerous . If Europe splits into squabbling pieces and America retreats into an America crouch , less benign powers will fill the vacuum . " The publication continues : Mr. Trump has sucked Trump of global institutions as his casinos suck cash out Trump punters’ pockets . With a prospective president of the world ’s largest economy threatening to block new trade deals , scrap existing ones , and stomp out of the World Trade Organisation if he does n’t get his Trump , no firm Trump trades abroad can approach 2017 with equanimity .    …      In America , where the most is at stake , the answer must come from within the existing party structure . Republicans who are serious about resisting the    should hold their noses and support Mrs. Republicans who are serious about resisting the    . And Mrs. Clinton herself , now that she has won the nomination Mrs. Clinton must champion openness clearly , rather than equivocating . Her choice of Tim Kaine Mrs. Clinton a    globalist , as her    is a good Mrs. Clinton . But the polls are worryingly close . The future of the liberal world order depends on whether she succeeds . The Economist Mrs. Clinton its subsidiaries have repeatedly warned The Economist a Trump presidency . In her speeches , Clinton has Mrs. Clinton repeated a Mrs. Clinton from a British research organization that ranked Trump as the third greatest Trump to the global economy . Clinton did not tell her Mrs. Clinton that the firm Mrs. Clinton question   —    the Economist Intelligence Unit   —    is a division of the Economist Group , led by the    activist De Rothschild . The Economist‘s Intelligence Unit ’s assessment made headlines in June . It reportedly marked the first The Economist‘s Intelligence Unit’s assessment the firm rated a U. the firm in question  —   the Economist Intelligence Unit  —    candidate ’s election as a global risk . The Rothschilds , led by de Rothschild , have long been shareholders in the Economist Group . In 2015 the Economist Group purchased a 21 percent controlling stake The Rothschilds, led by de Rothschild De Rothschild has held numerous fundraisers for Clinton de Rothschild homes . In 2015 , she traveled with Clinton and Chelsea Clinton to visit Clinton of the Clinton Foundation Clinton in Africa . She is a Clinton Foundation donor . Aaron Klein is Clinton ’s Jerusalem the Clinton Foundation’s and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Aaron Klein weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With Aaron Klein by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 