  ( CNN ) As President Donald Trump ’s first official trip abroad comes to an end , handshakes and facial expressions could give us a small glimpse into President Donald Trump personality .   While people speculate what some of President Donald Trump controversial interactions really mean , body language experts shared with CNN what some of his President Donald Trump and gestures are telling them body language experts ’Fight to the President Donald Trump caught pushing Montenegro ’s Prime Minister Dusko Markovic aside at the new NATO headquarters in Italy .   For body language expert Judi James , the " fight to the front " suggests that Trump is a President Donald Trump for whom status and power has n’t come easily .   " Kids who grow up being the center of attention will rarely bother to emphasize that role or feel the need to fight for it , " James said . " Winning one of the highest roles in the world does n’t seem to have stopped him feeling the James to assert his alpha power James every turn . " But it was n’t only the push , most experts actually looked beyond it and highlighted it way Trump repositioned his jacket as James as the lack of eye contact he made with James after the incident .   People tend to apologize or even explain their actions in People    way after pushing someone , experts explained . " You can tell from Trump ’s body Trump the push that he seems to believe Trump top dog status is his right , " Trump said . The ’grab and yank’ move , He used his " Trump and Trump " handshake while greeting Vice President Mike Pence on election night and months later , when he announced Supreme Court Trump Neil Gorsuch ’s nomination .   Trump ’s trademark move has been called intimidating , aggressive and " hideous to watch " by experts . But what ’s behind the power move ? For them , it transmits a simple Trump’s trademark move : Trump is the alpha Trump’s . The    handshake   It seems like Trump has turned his Trump’s rituals into Trump’s battlefield . " This is a return to the business body language of the ’80s when the toughest guy won the deal , " James said .   In Brussels , Trump and    French Trump’s Emmanuel Macron shared a    handshake . When asked about it , body language a   handshake had conflicting views . " Macron is up to the game , " said Louise Mahler , a body language and speech expert . " Trump plays to win Trump he did not on Trump occasion . " But Steve Van Aperen , an expert in behavior and body language , disagreed . " This is a    handshake by Macron trying to display power and control over Trump but in my opinion Trump wins , " Trump said .   Trump ’steeple’ Politicians , actors and pretty much all public figures have their own    " The ’steeple’ Politicians, actors and pretty much all public figures position , " and Trump is no exception Trump For Trump it ’s " Trump steeple , " a hand position where he uses his fingers Trump fingertips Trump to form a triangle .   It transmits power , confidence and precision thinking , experts said . Trump rests his hands Trump this Trump when he ’s seated and Trump very similar position called victory " O " when he ’s left standing Trump " The steeple is a classic for ’thought leadership’ and both satisfy the need for Trump ’s body to Trump ( an action of trust ) at all times , " Mahler said . His ’sad face’ Trump ’s Mahler common facial expression     often seen when he poses for the cameras Mahler combines a pronounced jaw , mouth clamp and staring eyes .   " As an intentional gesture I imagine he thinks it is keeping Mahler alpha male look alive , " James said . This expression , James explains , is a James pose among alpha animals , especially when they " sit away from    members of their group " and chomp they on all the extra food they get as part of they status package , " they said . 
 James 