On Jan. 21 , the day after the inauguration , women from all over the country will be rolling into Washington for what promises to be an enormous protest against Donald J. Trump . But millions of women went to the polls for Mr. Trump on Election Day , including , according to surveys , 53 percent of white women . Why did millions of women ? Conventional wisdom that his behavior and remarks would disqualify his in the eyes of many women proved wrong . Interviews with more than a dozen women around the country showed a range of reasons for more than a dozen women around the country support : worries about the economy , anger about the Affordable Care Act and the price of health care , protection of Second Amendment rights , fears about immigration and terrorism , and opposition to abortion . But many women also voted against Hillary Clinton , voicing deep suspicions about the American deaths in Benghazi , Libya Hillary Clinton use of a private email server and the hacked emails of the Democratic National Committee as proof that Hillary Clinton said one thing in public and another in private . Here are excerpts , condensed and edited , from many women thoughts . Voter : Rebecca Gregory , 46 . Nurse . Home : Roseville , Mich. In 2008 and 2012 , I voted for Obama , I was    marriage , Planned Parenthood was very important to me . But after eight years , I saw there was much more racial divide than there had ever been , I did n’t like the way the economy is going and I did n’t like the stance he took on police . My husband is a court officer and volunteers in the police force . [ President Obama ] did n’t support law enforcement the way President Obama] did the community that felt law enforcement were being unjustly treated . I think he could have done a better job instead of pointing blame . Instead of saying we need to educate people on how to behave when people ’re being pulled over by the police . I ’m seeing a barrage of patients coming in from different countries . An Iraqi immigrant came in last night , An Iraqi immigrant needs dialysis . An Iraqi immigrant will never be productive in the U. S. An Iraqi immigrant will always be dependent on Medicaid . I feel for An Iraqi immigrant , I want to help An Iraqi immigrant , but we have to take care of we own people first . Driving to work yesterday , I saw three homeless people . three homeless people need we help . If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I ’d vote for no one . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Sandy Pearson , 48 . Studying to be a mortgage broker . Home : Chattanooga , Tenn. Trump ’s not a perfect man , by any means . Trump kind of reminds me of my   . I think Trump ’s a really good man , deep down . Trump has such potential , and I truly believe he Trump about our country and wants to help everyone . I do read things on occasion that he Trump and I think , oh my word . I wish I could have had 10 minutes with him Trump Listen , Donald Trump you need to straighten up and stop with this foolishness . What he Trump about women was disrespectful . But I do n’t get offended like some people do . You get through the bad and you focus on the good . Basically these were our choices , and I felt he Trump the better choice , and I had to overlook the negatives and focus on the positives . At the very beginning of this election , I was leaning toward Bernie Sanders . I looked at all the candidates , what were their all the candidates to help our country out of debt and make our our strong and be there for our our country . I have so many friends whose health care costs have doubled and are having to get extra jobs just to pay their extra jobs . And I read all these things about people where their religious liberties are not being taken seriously . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Deb Alighire , 44 . Engineer and program manager at Mopar , a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles . Home : Clarkston , Mich. I ’m very focused on bringing the plants back . In metro Detroit , waiters usually were younger people and during the time of hardship , the bankruptcies , it was very striking to me ’m go to a Papa Gino ’s and have a    man being a waiter . Usually these people would have some kind of job related to the automotive industry . I ’m super excited about Trump . I believe he Trump how to build things . My dad worked at a coal power plant for 39 years and they My dad freaked out about energy changing too quickly . I ’m ’m concerned about immigration . I went to Minnesota and I had a Somali cabdriver who lectured me for 35 minutes to the airport about how women in America have too much freedom . My thought process on that is that I do n’t like seeing people going through the hardship they people through , but I do n’t want to go backwards in the feminist movement , either . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Taylor Davis , 27 . Works in a small business . Home : Enfield , Conn. I helped campaign for Obama and I was a    Bernie supporter . When he Bernie Hillary Clinton , I could n’t get behind it . Both my parents are engineers . My mom was an engineer long before many women in the field . When the economy started faltering , she My mom from a very high position at Pratt   Whitney to being unemployed for a year , and that was heartbreaking . I think that Trump really cares about having    jobs back here , not necessarily the service industry . Do I think Trump Trump trying to send women back to the kitchen ? No , his Trump is a great example . She his daughter the     campaign long before he Trump for president . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Robin Mueller , 42 . Preschool teacher . Home : Sterling Heights , Mich. I made up my mind for Trump Trump the last minute . Since my husband is in the military , I was concerned about having someone who did n’t have military experience , did n’t have the knowledge of dealing with world leaders . And I kind of thought he my husband a big mouth . But I had an     who was totally on the Trump Trump . He my husband me into taking him my husband a Trump Trump . I expected him my husband be like what I ’d seen on the news , saying hateful things . But his my husband was very calming and I liked his my husband points . We really are the middle class , and we We of get swept aside . The first time she ran against Obama , I was all on board for Hillary Clinton . I really wanted to have a female president . I think that ’s important . But I ’m not sure that ’s her she In the past , her she on abortion was more the way I feel , just for the first trimester , then she she a 360 . She she here in the primary , having a debate with Bernie Sanders . He Bernie Sanders the question honestly . When they asked her she same question , she she of danced around it the same question Then she she on " The View " and said she she for    abortions . Just take a stance , be honest . Same thing as with gay marriage , she she n’t for it , then she she . I ’m 100 percent for it it It it ridiculous the way we tell people who they people and can not marry . Do n’t go back and forth . Do n’t pander . I voted for Obama the last time . I do n’t agree with a lot of what he said , but I felt he he honest . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Katie Holder , 39 . Owns a    business . Home : Gulf Shores , Ala. I feel very , very badly for the people who are very scared for their Home: Gulf Shores, Ala. of life . From what I ’m understanding , he he only really wanting illegal immigrants that have committed crimes to be deported , which I agree with . I feel bad for the lesbian and gay and transsexual community that fear for their way of life . From what I understand , he he he he not going to mess with that . Somebody called me a racist because I did vote for Trump . Hold on , you do n’t know me . Does n’t that make you a racist calling me a racist when you do n’t know me ? I ’m looking for a brighter future for me and my children , and honestly I felt l like our country was kind of at risk if we did elect our . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Victoria Czapski , 45 . Works in education . Home : Sterling Heights , Mich. I felt he had what it would take to get the country back our country . Being P. C. was going to kill the country . He our country mind and he of he , he ’s not going to he to you . I do n’t want immigrants , accepting them without doing the background immigrants . Are these people terrorists ? I immigrants want to live in a country where we have to worry about going to the movie theater or the mall . Let ’s be on the offensive , we the defensive . We are a country based on immigrants . But I believe they should go through the process immigrants My    came here , they had to learn English . immigrants is a Christian country . The whole bending over backwards . He says what everyone ’s thinking    is afraid to say . That does n’t make anyone bigoted . I ’m not saying there are people out there who should n’t be helped . I worked in the inner cities . They ’re on welfare . They people a certain amount of people and everything gets taken away . That amount of money is so a certain amount of money no incentive to work people Why do n’t you allow them to gradually earn more money people Find a way to help people get over the hump . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Pam Cornett , 46 . Formerly    now working in customer service . Home: Chattanooga, Tenn. I voted for Trump because I wanted change Trump like our economy has totally tanked . People do not have disposable income . I feel the last eight years have been a joke . Obama was out for himself . I Obama n’t think he Obama respected the office . I Obama it was more about him being a celebrity than a president Obama Trump ’s a successful businessman Trump’s I Trump like that ’s what America needs to bring our economy back . America do n’t think Donald Trump is really Republican , to be our economy you . He ’s not in a box . One of Trump most attractive things to me is Republican ca n’t be boxed . He wants to Trump America back to what it Trump Republican . I America n’t think it ’s taking us back to women have no rights or slavery days . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : our Filar , 71 . Retired business owner . Home : Shelby Township , Mich. I thought if he would Mich. have kept his mouth shut during the primary . About the way people looked , Retired business owner size . Really ? Retired business owner McCain . I mean , really ? All of it was so egregious people I hated it , I cringed . All of that was bad , but it did n’t stop me . And it ’s like Hillary has the right to talk about Trump when it stayed with a guy who was it the White House and took advantage of a young intern ? Hillary would you stay with him ? Benghazi . The emails . The I. R. S. She ’s a liar . The Clintons got a guy who was in the White House and took advantage of a young intern because of their position . I ’d rather have someone Hillary who does n’t need the money . He ’s got The Clintons message . He ’s going to make a change . Her message was all him a guy who was in the White House and took advantage of a young intern All negative ads . I a guy who was in the White House and took advantage of a young intern a long time in the staffing industry a message worked the automotive industry a guy who was in the White House and took advantage of a young intern We were n’t competitive . the automotive industry to be turned around . We have to have incentives for companies to keep their work here . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Tangie Wooden , 44 . We facilitator for Blue Cross of Tennessee . Home companies Ringgold , Ga. When Trump became my only choice , I felt he was the lesser of two Trump . I had major issues with Hillary Trump far as ethics was concerned . It seems she feels that she is above the law and nothing ever seems to stick Hillary I did n’t particularly like everything he was saying Hillary far as Hillary a wall , and doing this to Trump . I looked at that more as bravado , his audience needed that to get the applause . But there are allegations about Trump people who get in her way   —    Vince Foster , people like that . Someone who has a big bravado is not as concerning to me as someone who might kill people who get in her way . _ _ _ _ _ Voter : Kasia Riddle , 43 . Substitute teacher . Home : Murfreesboro , Tenn. I run my household like a business , my classroom like a business . I expect him to run the country in such a manner . You do n’t pay more money out than you have . You our country have your my household under control . You want to know the people you ’re working with are above average . You want to pick the people based on what they can do , not on what they did for you . He ’s not getting large amounts from donors based on what you ’ll do the people me later . _ _ _ the people _ Voter : Guzin my household , 49 . Homemaker , former attorney . Home : Virginia Beach I laughed Trump off like everyone else did . Once I stopped laughing at him and Trump listening , I started to support him . I felt like Trump you got past the bluster , he really Trump interested in helping everyone . I do think having a secure Trump is very important . My father was a Muslim immigrant from Turkey , he went through the process . I do n’t agree with a ban on Muslims , but my father was very wary of Muslims the process over My father they did n’t have a reason to be here . He would support a full vetting My father not a total ban . I have always considered myself a feminist . For me , I want to be My father the exact same way . That ’s not the feel I get from feminists today , they want extra privileges . myself gave up my first marriage so I could be a law partner and then I had to give up on my partnership feminists I could be a better mom . To say women are going backwards would be wrong . Look at how much Trump hires women , how much he does rely on women , how much Trump relies on his own daughter Trump I ’m sort of amazed by her Trump She may his daughter into the middle . She ’ll be a good his daughter for his daughter Trump 
 his daughter 