Former British politician and self proclaimed " committed Republican , " Louise Mensch has taken Louise Mensch opposition to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to the next level , declaring " everyone " who plans on voting for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to be " scum of the earth . " [ Mensch , who is currently the editor of the Rupert Murdoch funded blog Heat Street , argued that " If you vote Trump you are the scum of the earth , a colluder in racism and ‘ deplorable’ is too good for you . This means everyone . "   If you you vote Trump are the scum of the the earth a colluder in racism and ’deplorable’ is too good for you . This means everyone .   —    Louise Mensch ( @LouiseMensch ) October 14 , 2016 ,   She then continues with another jibe at Trump voters , saying Trump ’s " cowardly Trump voters blame [ racism ] on Trump and excuse his Trump , " Trump adding that the word " elites " now means " people who are n’t racist . " Yes let ’s get this straight , it ’s cowardly to ’s it on Trump and ’s his Trump . These his voters means ’people who are n’t racist’   —    Louise Mensch ( @LouiseMensch ) October 14 , 2016 ,   She adds that " the gulf between Republicans   Democrats turns out to be be nothing compared to that between decency   hate , patriots and traitors , " the hate and traitors presumably a reference to Trump voters . The gulf between Republicans   Democrats turns out Republicans   nothing compared to that between decency   hate , patriots and traitors # NeverTrump ,   —    Louise Mensch ( @LouiseMensch ) October 14 , 2016 ,   As well as editing Heat Street , Mensch also holds the title of Louise Mensch (@LouiseMensch) Vice President , Creative and Strategy’ at News Corporation , Fox Entertainment ’s sister company , which are both owned by conservative media mogul Rupert Murdoch , It emerged through WikiLeaks this week Fox Entertainment’s Mensch , who describes herself as a " committed Republican , " actually pitched her idea for an to the herself campaign , which she suggested be based on having herself first female president , entitled ‘ Our Time.’ You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 