With the left ’s new focus on " fake news , " MSNBC appeared to join the fray   —    but maybe not in the best way possible   —    as one host went on air to accuse Fox News of holding a Christmas Party at Trump ’s newly opened Washington D. C. hotel . [ MSNBC host Stephanie Ruhle hit the air just after 9:30 a. m. on December 9 to breathlessly inform viewers of the terrible Fox faux pas .   " I mean , think about ’s newly opened Washington D. C. hotel right now . The RNC is having their Christmas party The RNC . Fox News had their Christmas party their Christmas party there does n’t feel a little hanky ? " Rhule asked in a discussion with former Martin O’Malley aide Lis Smith and GOP strategist Brad Todd , Newsbusters reported . Ruhle was apparently hoping to smear Trump and Fox as being in a far too cozy relationship , but there was one problem with her accusation : it was Ruhle , fake news . It turned out Mediaite discovered it neither Fox News nor any of its affiliates have had any Fox News parties so far this year . Later in the day Rhule admitted that she had the whole story Ruhle and apologized to viewers for her earlier claim . " Ruhle , you know , what ? " Rhule said later that day Rhule " This is some serious business that I need to share . I need to apologize to the audience . Earlier today in a segment , I stated that the Fox network held their holiday party at Trump the Fox network D. C. hotel . I was wrong . We ’ve since learned that neither Fox network nor an affiliate held any party at Trump ’s Washington hotel . Trump’s D. C. I apologize for the error . I am truly , truly sorry . The mistake was entirely my fault . " Rhule went even further in graciously allowing that Fox employees could hold their Christmas parties whereever Fox want . " Fox employees of course , Fox employees wish all my friends over at Fox a very happy holiday no matter where Fox have your party , " she said . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Rhule @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 