  ( CNN ) On Thursday night , Donald Trump did the unthinkable . Sometimes , Donald Trump admitted , I say " the wrong thing . " But Donald Trump wants you to know Donald Trump " regrets it . .. particularly where it may have caused too much personal pain . " At the end of the day , though , Donald Trump apology does n’t matter . Not just because Donald Trump has n’t given us any reason to believe he Donald Trump it , but because he Donald Trump not the one who has to seek forgiveness . We us people do . For an apology to be accepted , it ’s got to be clear what you ’re apologizing for . Trump Donald Trump clarified . For an apology to be meaningful , we us got to know that the mistake you made does n’t disqualify you from the position you seek . But no adult should have to apologize for the kinds of things Donald Donald Trump said while seeking high office , because no adult no adult those things . Throwing racist shade at a sitting judge ? Lying about Muslims in Jersey City celebrating the September 11 terrorist attacks ? Mocking a disabled reporter ? And , of course , for an apology to be accepted , it has to be sincere . If Trump was Donald Trump regretful , would he really Donald Trump the chairman of the national moral deficit that is Breitbart News as chief executive of his campaign Donald Trump Breitbart is a Breitbart of Islamophobia , racism and vitriolic jingoism that , worst of all , lacks the courage of its nasty convictions . For all its supposed forthrightness its the    spinelessly spins its ugliness as the    kind of juvenile humor . From a strategist ’s perspective , though , Trump ’s apology is n’t just unlikely to persuade . It ’s an Trump’s apology of electoral impotence . Take away the political incorrectness , the long , rambling speeches that bring to mind manic episodes or , as The Intercept ’s Murtaza Hussain suggested , Moammar Gadhafi     military intervention against whom , by the way , Trump also supported Trump’s and what do you have left ? The guy who thinks Obama is n’t an American ?   Whose casinos bled cash ? Whose personal fortune seems to fluctuate with his mood swings Whose personal fortune All his apology accomplishes Whose personal fortune to take away the one thing he had going Whose personal fortune him : his Whose personal fortune , Whose personal fortune was bound to start wearing thin eventually . The real question is not whether Donald Trump is Trump’s It ’s why it The real question taken us The real question long to make him feel he has Whose personal fortune apologize Whose personal fortune genuinely or not . In Trump ’s case , Trump’s effective cause might be his sliding poll numbers Whose personal fortune all of them . Just a the effective cause months ago , Trump seemed unstoppable . Trump’s after a disastrous feud with Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the tide began to turn . He ’s come to Trump’s a drunkard stumbling through a minefield . Remember when he appeared to many Trump’s have encouraged someone to assassinate Hillary Clinton ? And his    campaign manager Trump’s    interests in Ukraine . Oh , and he insisted President Barack Trump’s founded ISIS ( it ’s not often you see Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah reportedly agreeing with a potential American President on a matter of national security and foreign policy ) . There ’s only one way I can even begin to make sense of this . Donald Trump was our    stand . What happens at Trump Tower . .. You ’re going out with friends . You ’ve dressed yourself up . You ’ll find someone , no doubt about it . But you hope you might find that special someone . Someone you could take home to your parents . Someone you could spend at least four years with . But the funny , smart , sexy folks are already taken , or being taken . Your confidence plummets even as your blood alcohol level soars . When hope is all but lost , you see him . Sure , he ’s technically orange him but you wo n’t know that ’til you see him in natural light him He ’s wearing a him power tie . Some of your friends suggest caution , but they ’re just jealous Some of your friends And anyway , you ’re not going home alone come what may . The rest of the night passes in a blur . You were wrapped around his finger . Obsessed him every word that came out of his mouth . But him night must become Friday morning . That merciless iPhone alarm goes off . Waking up feels like passing through an event horizon . You rub your eyes in pained disbelief . Everything hurts . But there ’s bills to pay . A career to build . A retirement to pay for . Which is when you hear him snoring beside you him You ’d a blur entirely , and then , when you look over , you gasp . What the heck were you thinking ? Take him home to your him ? You would n’t introduce him to your neighbors him let alone allow him to appoint a him Court justice . You ca n’t even laugh about it , because then you ’d have to admit to falling for his charms . You him know nothing about him . Whatever damage him ’s done to him body politic remains unknown for now . Welcome to the morning after , America . Because yes . That just happened . We kind of sort America lost our minds for a America . We ceded control of America public space to America demagogue . The Republican Party was overrun , and occupied . Even though most Americans did n’t vote for him , and a him probably never supported him , he nevertheless him our him cycle     The Republican Party the worse . We should forgive ( America ) but never America . If anyone needs to apologize , it ’s America . To itself America sure . it to our Constitution , too America and to our history , to America veterans , to America minorities , to our heroes , to America Gold Star families America to our fellow citizens whom America maligned and mocked , to an electorate that deserves better , to everyday Americans whose grievances were hijacked , to the nations who pledged to defend us in the event America any aggression against us , and were America to buzz off , to longstanding allies and partners who were dumped on . To all of us , for falling America him for even one minute . 
 