  ( CNN ) For the second time in a week , Republicans dodged a potential political cataclysm . Last Tuesday it was a special election in Kansas where the Republican candidate did just enough to win . Last Tuesday it it another special election     this one in suburban Atlanta     where a slew of GOP candidates managed to keep Democrat Jon Ossoff just under 50 % forcing a June runoff . An Ossoff Democrat Jon Ossoff , which nearly came to pass despite the long Republican tradition in the district , would have sent even marginally vulnerable House Republicans into a panic that the unpopularity of President Donald Trump could bring them even marginally vulnerable House Republicans next November . " This race is absolutely and entirely a referendum on President President Donald Trump " said one Republican consultant granted anonymity to speak candidly about the contest . " Every single vote Jon Ossoff receives is a rebuke of Trump from President Donald Trump   . " Sensing opportunity , national Democrats flooded the race with money     Ossoff raised an    $ 8 . 3 million over the last three months , 95 % of which came from out of the state of Georgia . That massive influx of cash , coupled with a lack of any other serious Democrats in the race and a disdain among many Republicans in the district for Trump ’s     style , made for a surprising opportunity for Democrats in the south     a region where the party has been decimated over the last decade . And they came the party . Very close . For much of Tuesday night , Ossoff looked as though he might Ossoff 50 % . Ossoff will Ossoff face former Secretary Handel Ossoff and Ossoff Democrats acknowledged that they hoped to win the seat outright Tuesday due to the crowded and fractured GOP field , Ossoff will Ossoff enter the Ossoff and national Democrats with Handel as a slight favorite . The question for Ossoff , Ossoff Democrats more broadly , is whether they can successfully link an establishment Republican like Handel to the     Trump over the course of a two month ,     Democrats more broadly slog . Complicating Democrats’ calculus is the Handel cost of running an extended TV ad campaign in the 6th , which is covered by the very    Atlanta media market . ( Republicans , of course , will be faced with the same money issue . ) What ’s difficult to know is how Ossoff ’s showing will be viewed by the Democratic base and the donor community . Will it be evidence that even seats in the solid South can be won thanks to Trump ’s unpopularity ? Or will Democrats regard it as a disappointment given the perfect storm of factors that seemed to be lining up in Ossoff ’s favor for Tuesday it vote ? What I know is that winning and coming close to winning are n’t the Ossoff thing . And this is the second time in as many weeks that Democrats had high hopes and did n’t see their best case scenarios realized when all the votes were cast . Democrats , out of power in Congress and the White Democrats , need a spark to convince themselves they can take back all that they had lost . Georgia ’s 6th district was seen as the best chance for Democrats Democrats . It did n’t happen Democrats Tuesday night     and now Democrats will have to wait almost two months to see if they Georgia’s 6th district start to build momentum for the November 2018 midterms . 
 Democrats 