Washington ( CNN ) Hallmarks of President Donald Trump ’s    unconventional campaign style have long been expected to carry over to the White House , but what remained to be seen was whether President Donald Trump promises of acting " so presidential " would come to pass . President Donald Trump speech on Saturday at the Central Intelligence Agency left many wondering , since he President Donald Trump the bulk of his President Donald Trump standing in from the CIA Memorial Wall to inaccurately slam the media for their coverage of his President Donald Trump and incorrectly denied ever having a rift with the intelligence community .   Roughly 24 hours later , though , Trump President Donald Trump speech before the swearing in of his President Donald Trump staff was more measured and strikingly less combative . To be sure , there were plenty of Trump President Donald Trump in the Sunday speech : The President Donald Trump the media by holding up a letter Obama wrote him and President Donald Trump not to tell the press what was in it . But the remarks stood in stark contrast to what the President President Donald Trump the CIA a day earlier . " As I said during my inaugural address , this is not about party , this is not about ideology , this is about this , our country , " Trump said , reading from notes . " And it is about serving the American people . " Trump added that Trump and his Trump aides Trump " face many challenges but with the faith in each other and the faith in God we will get the job done . " Trump did not Trump any of his campaign against Trump Clinton     something he is wo Trump to do     or complain about how the media covered his inauguration . Trump , Trump announced that Trump had talked Trump Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal about the deadly tornadoes that have killed nearly a dozen people . He also said Trump was scheduled Trump talk about the weather emergency with Florida Gov. Rick Scott .   " They all got hit hard , " Trump said of Trump tornadoes . the deadly tornadoes that have killed nearly a dozen people like Georgia ’s lost Georgia least 11 people as of this moment , a lot of people . So on behalf of all of us , Gov. Deal , condolences . " The President also announced that he was scheduled to The President with the leaders of Canada and Mexico soon , where he planned to begin The President process for renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , beginning concrete work on one of his key campaign promises The President Trump ’s unpredictability was , in itself , a trademark Trump his presidential campaign . The President " I do n’t rule anything out , " Kellyanne Conway , his senior adviser , The President last week about predicting something her boss would do . " This is Donald Trump . " Trump 