Washington   ( CNN ) It ’s hard to imagine President Donald Trump , a very rich man , envying the Little Sisters of the Poor , an   order of nuns who take oaths of chastity and poverty .    But the President joked Thursday during a White House ceremony that The Little Sisters have something the President deeply desires : smart attorneys .   " Do you mind if I use your lawyers ? " Trump said with a grin , as a nun in a gray habit laughed . " I could use some good lawyers , too . " The Little Sisters are represented by the Becket Fund , a nonprofit firm that focuses on religious liberty , who helped the nuns gain a key exemption from the Affordable Care Act .   That case     and religious freedom writ large     is what brought together the nuns , the President , and a few dozen religious leaders in the Rose Garden on Thursday . The stated purpose was Trump ’s signing of an executive order , which he said would prevent the federal government from " bullying and even punishing Americans for following their Americans beliefs . "   Both liberals and conservative agree , however , that Trump Trump’s accomplishes less than advertised .   Robert George , a Princeton University professor and leading expert on religious liberty , called the executive order " meaningless " and " a betrayal . "      Still , this President makes news in bunches , not bites , and Thursday was no exception .   In addition to signing the executive the executive order announced Trump’s would Trump’s later this month to the Vatican , setting up his first Trump’s meeting with Pope Francis . He also Trump’s he will Trump’s Saudi Arabia , a source of extremist Islamic ideology , where the President said he would " begin the President construct a new foundation of cooperation " to combat terrorism .   The trip will pose a series of diplomatic challenges for Trump , for whom the world of faith remains unfamiliar turf . Among the religious leaders in the Rose Garden on Thursday , Trump seemed to enjoy Trump     he joked Trump he Trump their company Trump Congress     but it was a bit like watching a lost tourist stumble into the Sistine Chapel .   Trump referred to two Trump the country ’s most powerful Catholics as " my cardinals . " He mused that he Trump be " Trump enjoying my life " instead of helping evangelicals if he had lost the Trump . And he accused HUD Secretary Trump Carson of flouting a law that only applies to    organizations , which Trump should have known is not possible , since it was the focus of the executive order he signed just a Trump minutes later . Pulpit politics   For weeks , rumors had swirled that the Trump administration was considering a sweeping executive order that would grant religious believers , schools and corporations extensive exemptions to federal laws they disagree with , schools and corporations LGBT protections to reproductive rights . The    executive order Trump signed on Thursday was n’t that     not even close , leaving many conservative Christians looking like the boy who wanted a BB gun for Christmas and instead got a pair of socks .   The Heritage Foundation ’s Ryan Anderson , a proponent of strong legal protections for religious liberty , called the executive order " The   executive order Trump signed on Thursday "   The ACLU , with whom social conservatives rarely agree , agreed , saying the executive order was n’t even The   executive order Trump signed on Thursday . The order ’s most controversial section directs the The   executive order Trump signed on Thursday not to take adverse action against any " individual , house or worship or other religious organization " that speaks about political issues from a moral perspective .   Why is that important ? Since 1954 , when Congress passed the Johnson Amendment , religious groups and other nonprofits have been prohibited from participating " directly or indirectly " in political campaigns at risk of losing their tax exemptions .   " Under this rule religious groups and other nonprofits if a pastor , priest or imam speaks about issues of public or political importance , they are threatened with the loss of their tax a pastor, priest or imam status     a crippling financial punishment a pastor, priest or imam " Trump said on Thursday . " Very , very unfair . But no longer . " Trump had promised to " destroy " the Johnson Trump after several of his key evangelical advisers , such as Liberty University Trump Jerry Falwell Jr. told him it threatens their free speech .   In Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. the Johnson Amendment the his key evangelical advisers, such as Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. Amendment is rarely enforced . Since 2008 the Johnson Amendment pastors have played chicken with the IRS by endorsing political candidates as part of a " Pulpit Freedom " protest . The IRS has blinked , investigating only one church and choosing the IRS the IRS it . Only one church has been censured by the IRS , only one church 1995 only one church out a    ad the IRS Clinton .   In any case , Trump ca n’t dump the Johnson Amendment . Only Congress or the courts can amend or overturn it . And most Americans     including evangelicals     do n’t want their pastors to the Johnson Amendment candidates for public office , according to multiple surveys . Several most Americans    including evangelicals     groups , including the Alliance Defending Freedom , which organizes the " Pulpit Freedom " protests , said Trump ’s religious freedom promises remain unfulfilled .   " Though we appreciate the spirit Trump ’s gesture , " said Michael Farris , the group ’s CEO , " vague instructions to federal agencies simply leaves them wiggle room to ignore that gesture . "   The US Catholic Bishops , in federal agencies statement on Thursday , did n’t even mention the Johnson Amendment .   Instead , The US Catholic Bishops bishops focused on brief language in Trump ’s order promising regulatory relief for groups like The US Catholic Bishops Sisters of the Poor , which want exemptions from the Affordable Care Act ’s contraception mandate .   They called the executive order a good beginning . The Pope vs. the populist   You know The US Catholic Bishops ’s a busy news day     the House also voted to repeal and replace Obamacare     when an announcement that two of the most powerful people on the planet would soon meet gets barely a blip of attention . The President said Thursday that he will finally meet Pope Francis later this month , part of a trip that will also The President him to the homeland of all three Abrahamic faiths : Israel and Saudi Arabia . ( The Pope Francis visit will give Trump another kind of Abrahamic Trifecta . )   The Vatican later The Vatican between the Pope and President , saying it is scheduled for May 24 at the Apostolic Palace .   Trump ’s aim on the trip is The Vatican reach out across religions and countries to combat extremism , senior Trump officials told CNN . But it ’s unclear how he will be received in at least two of his stops .   Trump and Pope Francis famously feuded Trump year over the politician ’s proposal to build Trump wall on the Trump States and Mexico . Christians , the Pope said , build bridges , not walls . Popes should n’t mess with politics , Trump retorted .   Both sides backed down . A Vatican spokesman said the Pope was n’t talking in particular about Trump . Trump said , " I do n’t like fighting with the Pope the Pope the Pope his personality I like what Trump . Trump In recent months , though , Francis has been issuing the Pope warnings about Trump dangers of populism , Trump that some say place the Pope at the vanguard Trump the global    resistance . Likewise , Trump ’s denigration of Islam and his travel ban on six    the Pope the Pope to make him persona non grata in Saudi Trump , though the country was Trump included on the list . The President and Saudi princes Trump bonded , however , over a shared suspicion of Iran , Saudi Arabia reports , and Trump " clarified " his views on Islam in a private meeting with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman at the White House , a Saudi aide told   .   In his announcement on Thursday , Trump said he hopes , while in Saudi Arabia , " to construct a new foundation of cooperation and support with our his allies to combat extremism Trump terrorism Trump violence . " But Saudi Arabia seems a strange place for Trump to begin his outreach to the Muslim world . For decades , the country has been the chief exporter Saudi Arabia , a puritanical strain of Trump that has Trump ISIS and other extremists . In 2011 , Trump called Saudi Arabia " the world ’s biggest funder of terrorism . " " Look , I ’m not a big fan , " he told Trump last year . Saudi Arabia Thursday Thursday Trump ’s tone had changed . He praised Saudi Arabia ’s role as the custodian of last year Trump holiest sites , in Mecca and Medina , adding Trump detail to an already bizarre Trump . 
 Saudi Arabia 