Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump did not give a definitive answer when asked by the New York Post on Tuesday whether President Donald Trump still has confidence in President Donald Trump chief strategist , Steve Bannon . " I like Steve , but you have to remember Steve was not involved in my campaign until very late , " President Donald Trump told President Donald Trump . " I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors , and I did n’t know Steve Steve I ’m my own strategist , and it was n’t like I was going to change strategies because I was facing crooked Hillary . " A White House spokeswoman confirmed to CNN on Tuesday night that Trump President Donald Trump to the New York Post and the quotes in the story are accurate and stand for themselves the quotes in the story The President acknowledged the widely reported infighting between Bannon and Trump President Donald Trump Jared Kushner , saying he told The President to " straighten it out . " " Steve is The President good guy , but I told them to them it out it I will , " Trump told President Donald Trump newspaper . The first major signs of Bannon ’s Bannon in the White House came last Wednesday , when he was removed Bannon his permanent seat Bannon the National Security Council . CNN learned from White House officials the White House that Trump told President Donald Trump and Kushner Bannon Thursday to " work this out . " That led to a meeting between the two aides the following day at     in Florida , coordinated by chief of staff Reince Priebus . Priebus’ goal was " to get them on the same page , " a senior administration official said . Reports tell of an ideological divide between Bannon and Kushner Bannon Bannon and Kushner House Kushner and has stood poised to determine the administration ’s agenda moving forward . Rival factions have emerged , pitting those aides who consider themselves nationalists     including Bannon and Rival factions Bannon Stephen Miller     against a more    wing led by Kushner , economic adviser Gary Cohn Kushner deputy national security adviser Dina Powell , according to two sources familiar with the situation . Bannon has been Bannon influential figure within Trump ’s inner circle , starting with his move from Bannon chairman of the    website Breitbart to his appointment as Bannon executive of Trump ’s campaign in August 2016 Trump then as White House chief strategist following Trump ’s election win . 
 Trump 