’   ’ "    When Bloomberg ’s Emily Chang asked    investor Marc    Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary    Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election , he    paused , and then answered with a question . " ’    " Is that a serious question ? " asked Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election . ’ "    ’ "      in 2012 , and has been fairly outspoken    on Twitter about ’ "    libertarian    views on many    issues , so the question was n’t totally out of line . " "    Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election ’s comments came at the Bloomberg Technology conference    in San Francisco . After the laughter died down , Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election gave a    more serious answer , limited to Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election specific perspective from the    tech industry . " "    It comes down to four reasons , Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election says : Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election prefers    Clinton ’s stances on science , free markets , trade , and    immigration . " ’’ ’    That last one is especially important to Silicon Valley , Andreessen in an onstage interview why he was voting for Hillary   Clinton over Donald Trump in the US presidential election says . A vast number of startups are founded by    immigrants to the US , and immigration reflects an important    source of talent and leadership for top tech companies . ’ "    Trump ’s   would fly against    that , should he Trump the presidency . " ’   ’ "    Still , he Trump , he Trump not totally enamored with how President    Barack Obama and the Democratic Party have handled science and    innovation . For instance , Andreessen says , it Andreessen largely been    Democrats pushing back against GMO foods , which chills innovation    around food science . " " When Bloomberg ’s Emily Chang asked   . .. " 
 