’   ’ ’    CLEVELAND   —    House Speaker Paul Ryan said Monday morning at a    breakfast for the Pennsylvania delegation here that Republicans    could not win the general election simply by bashing President    Barack Obama . Republicans    must provide an alternative plan , House Speaker Paul Ryan said ,    touting House Speaker Paul Ryan policy proposals . ’ "    But that message was n’t exactly heeded at the first night of    Donald Trump ’s Republican National Convention . " ’    Well over three hours ’’ worth of speakers   —    headlining an event    focused on " making America safe again "   —    hammered Obama and    presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on all aspects of    national security , sweeping the base that helped nominate the    Manhattan billionaire into a fervor . ’ "    Only Trump ’s wife , Melania , seemed to offer language more    enticing to independents still on the fence over who to vote for    this fall . But   of her address from Michelle    Obama ’s speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention . " ’ most of the    speeches seemed better placed at the CPAC conservative conference    than at the Republican National Convention , where the GOP is    looking to attract votes from outside the base in hopes of    propelling it over the top in November . ’ ’    First up was Benghazi . A large block of time was given to    veterans from the 2012 attack   —    Mark Geist and John Teigen   —      going through what transpired while   the mother of Sean Smith , who was one of the    four Americans killed in the 2012 attack   , called for Clinton to " be in    stripes . " ’ ’    " Yeah , that’ ’s right : Hillary for prison , " she Hillary after seeing a    " Hillary Hillary Prison " sign in the front of the crowd . " She Hillary deserves to be in stripes . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Darryl Glenn , the Republican candidate for Senate in Colorado ,    dropped a similar reference , noting that Clinton " loves her Clinton    , " adding : " We should send her Clinton email and tell her Clinton that she Clinton a bright orange jumpsuit . " ’ "    Retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who served in the Obama    administration , echoed similar sentiment later , aimed at    Clinton ’s use of a private email server during her Clinton’s as    secretary of state . " ’    " Lock her Clinton’s   —    that’ ’s right , " he that’ as the crowd chanted , " Lock    her Clinton’s ! Lock her Clinton’s ! " ’ ’    " From this day forward , we must stand , tougher and stronger    together , with an unrelenting goal to not draw red lines and then    retreat    …      and to never be satisfied with reckless rhetoric from    an Obama clone like Hillary Clinton , " Flynn said . ’ ’    " Tonight , Americans stand as one    …      with strength and confidence    to overcome the last eight years of the    failures    such as , bumbling indecisiveness , willful ignorance , and total    incompetence that has challenged the very heart and soul of every    American and    brought continued mayhem , murder ,    and destruction into our neighborhoods and onto the world’ ’s    streets , " he    . ’ ’    Much of the night was spent declaring that America is unsafe .       , race relations , and the fight against ISIS all had a    chance in the limelight . ’ ’    On immigration , Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , the chair of the    House Committee on Homeland Security , asked the whether it the    had " enough " of Obama’ ’s " reckless " policies . ’ ’    " And now Hillary Clinton is promising more of the same   —    open    borders , executive amnesty , and the surge of Syrian refugees , " he Hillary Clinton said . " This is a dangerous , liberal agenda , and it’ ’s time for a    change . It’ it’ time to take back our country and make America safe    again ! " ’ ’    He said that after eight years of the Obama administration , the    " city on a hill , " the description of the US popularized by    President Ronald Reagan , had become " a city under siege . " ’ ’    " Today our allies no longer trust us our our our no longer    fear us our and our our are plotting against us our " the chairman    said in an impassioned attempt to hit people’ ’s fears . " This did    not happen by accident   —    it accident   by design . " ’ "    Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke took the stage to provide       Trump campaign ’s stance on police relations with minority    communities , in light of the recent killings of eight police       in Dallas and Baton Rouge , Louisiana , which followed      shootings of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and    Philando Castile in Minnesota . " ’    " Donald Trump understands that what can make our nation safe    again is a recommitment to a system of justice in which no    government official , not even those who have fought their way to    the marble and granite halls of Washington ; no private citizen ,    not even Hillary Clinton ; and no group of people , despite the    fervor with which they press forward their they , can claim    privilege above the law , " Clarke said . " The tradition of the    primacy of the rule of law in America is strong . It is in those    simple facts and in our acts that we our move forward and toward    making America America again . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The loudest applause lines came   speech on terrorism and policing . ’ ’    Giuliani , the former New York mayor who recently referred to    Black Lives Matter as a racist organization , touched on similar    themes as Clarke . ’ ’    " We know the risk you’’re taking out there tonight protecting us   —      black , white , Latino , " he said of the American police . " Of every    race , every color , every creed , every sexual orientation . When    they come to save your life , they they ask if you’’re black or    white . They they come to save you ! " ’ ’ a 2008 Republican presidential hopeful ,       sharply criticized Obama’ ’s refusal to use the phrase    " radical Islamic terrorism , " a term the Obama administration       could create the illusion of a religious war between the    West and Islam . ’ ’    " For the purposes of the media , I did not say all of Islam , "    Giuliani said . " I did not say most of Islam Islam I said Islamic    extremist terrorism . You know who you are ! And we’’re coming to    get you ! " ’ "    Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Trump ’s first supporter in the    Senate , wrapped up his Trump’s with a succinct explanation of    Trump Trump’s proposals . " ’    " Donald Trump   Trump’s Obamatrade , " he said .   Trump’s Donald Trump will   Trump’s the wall . Donald Donald Trump make America great again ! " ’ 
 