’   ’ ’    British police responded to reports of multiple violent incidents    across London on Saturday evening , after witnesses said a    vehicle mowed down pedestrians on the London Bridge . ’ ’    British Prime Minister Theresa May says the incident is being    treated as a " potential act of terrorism . " ’ ’    Police also responded to reports of gunfire and    stabbings at Borough Market , as well as reports of a third    incident in the Vauxhall area . ’ ’   ’ ’    Police have reportedly arrested one man , and are searching for    . ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’      ’ ’US President Donald Trump has also been    briefed on a third   incident in the Vauxhall area , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer    . ’ ’    Fox News   who    said that people had been stabbed at the a third   incident in the Vauxhall area    and Reuters reported that one witness had seen people who may    have had their throats cut . people who may    ’    Some passersby   they saw    people struck on the bridge , while    others said they      . people also said he    heard reports Heaven    . ’ ’     ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’      ’ ’    Lara    witnessed the aftermath of the London Bridge    incident .    told The Guardian    was having drinks The Guardian a    friend at the Old Thameside Inn , which is located under London    Bridge , when people ran into the bar and told patrons to run away    because " people are stabbing each other . ’ ’    Stephen Tull was under the bridge when the London Bridge . He    said he Stephen Tull bang and Stephen Tull up to the bridge to help . He London Bridge    saw Stephen Tull man Stephen Tull out of a van and begin attacking people . ’ ’    When    and her friend ran up to    Bridge    she said    she and her friend    told       to her friend .      provided video footage to The Guardian which showed at least    three injured people being treated for their injuries on the    bridge . ’ least   three injured people    London Bridge people moving , but we though ,      this is a serious    thing , "    said . ’ ’ ’ ’    ’ ’    ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThis was scene as we left London Bridge .   ’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tAnother cab driver : man crashed into people then there was stabbing attack . London Bridge . ’t’t’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ London Bridge south side of London Bridge epicentre of what seems a terrorist attack . We have been escorted by police from bridge . ’t’t’ we      ’ ’ ’ ’BREAKING NEW VIDEO : several London police officers enter bar at London Bridge telling people to get down . ’ ’      London Bridge This story is developing . .. ’ ’British police responded to reports of multiple . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 