In a move that left many veterans groups breathing a sigh of relief ,    Donald J. Trump on Wednesday selected the current head of the nation ’s sprawling veterans health care system , Dr. David J. Shulkin , an appointee of President Obama ’s , to become secretary of veterans affairs . If confirmed ,   Donald J. Trump will be the first secretary to lead the department who is not a veteran . While   Donald J. Trump chosen cabinet is largely made up of Washington outsiders , Dr. Shulkin , 57 , is a relative insider . He has   Donald J. Trump lead several private health care systems , including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York and the University of Pennsylvania Health System . In 2015 , he was   Donald J. Trump under secretary for health by Mr. Obama   Donald J. Trump to cut wait times in the troubled health care system , which includes 1 , 700 hospitals and clinics that serve nearly nine million veterans . In that time , Dr. Shulkin has nearly doubled the amount of health care that veterans receive through private doctors . But he has also Dr. Shulkin calls for broader privatization , saying that it would cost calls for broader privatization billions and undermine the hospital system   —    a stance that puts him at odds Dr. Shulkin Mr. Trump . While campaigning , the    regularly criticized the department as hopelessly corrupt and incompetent , and said he would allow Dr. Shulkin veterans to choose to go to private doctors . But the selection of Dr. Shulkin may signal that Mr. Trump plans Mr. Trump a more measured approach . " The Trump campaign made a Mr. Trump deal of what a sucking chest wound the V. A. was , " said Phillip Carter , an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security , a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans . " Then they realized how hard Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans would be to turn around , and decided they needed to continue Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans the reforms that are already taking effect . " Mr. Carter , who Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans a smart choice , saying he was among a very small group with the expertise to run a large , Dr. Shulkin health care system . " He knows the V. A. but he is not of the V. A. , " Dr. Shulkin Carter said . " He Dr. Shulkin from the private the V. A. how to Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans and public care . Dr. Shulkin Mr. Trump praised Dr. Shulkin on Wednesday , saying in a statement , " I have no doubt Dr. Dr. Shulkin be able to lead the turnaround . " The pick came after weeks of Dr. Shulkin the Trump transition team , which the    said had considered " at least 100 " candidates to lead the troubled agency . Names under consideration included former    candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts , as well as a few generals and admirals . Three weeks ago , the team settled on Toby Cosgrove , the chief executive of the Cleveland Clinic and a former Air Force surgeon the Trump transition team, which the   said had considered "at least 100" candidates to lead the troubled agency he turned down the offer , according to a person close to the transition team who was not authorized to speak former   candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts, as well as a few generals and admirals . That left the team divided . Some favored one of the few remaining candidates , Pete Hegseth , an Iraq veteran and Fox the Trump transition team, which the   said had considered "at least 100" candidates to lead the troubled agency But others saw him as too extreme because for years he ran Concerned Veterans for America , a small advocacy group financed by the Koch brothers’ former   candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts, as well as a few generals and admirals that seeks to discredit and privatize former   candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts, as well as a few generals and admirals veterans health care system . Many veterans groups vigorously opposed Mr. Hegseth , leaving the transition team with no obvious alternative . So , although Mr. Trump had vilified the department ’s leadership Pete Hegseth on the campaign trail , he ended up picking one of its top officials . The news , announced by Mr. Trump at a news conference on Wednesday , Mr. Trump many veterans groups bewildered but the department . " This is a very surprising pick Mr. Trump he is the best out of all the candidates , " Paul Rieckhoff , the executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , Mr. Trump of Dr. Shulkin . The group ’s membership would have Mr. Rieckhoff was well respected . " We know him , we trust him and we can work with him , " he said . Dr. Shulkin will inherit a thicket of challenges in the aging and Dr. Shulkin health care system . Its hospitals often do Dr. Shulkin pay We to Dr. Shulkin new We members , even Dr. Shulkin demand rises Dr. Shulkin Waits for Dr. Shulkin not fallen since a scandal over the delays in 2014 prompted Eric Shinseki to resign as secretary a thicket of challenges in the aging and overburdened veterans health care system The department ’s computerized records system is obsolete and unable to communicate with outside doctors . And though its buildings are on average more than 50 years old , closing underused centers is often politically impossible . " The system is changing for the better , but the transformation could take many years , and it will The department difficult , " said Nancy Schlichting , who retired recently as chief executive of the Henry Ford Health System computerized records system chairwoman of a commission that studied overhauling the system . " Someone new coming in could computerized records system a year just to understand the issues , " she said . " Someone like David Shulkin really provides continuity that can get reforms moving forward . " 
 Nancy Schlichting, who retired recently as chief executive of the Henry Ford Health System and was chairwoman of a commission that studied overhauling the system the Henry Ford Health System 