Thursday on CNN ’s " Situation Room , " senior adviser to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Stephen Miller offered a robust defense to Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton ’s recent attacks on Trump University and Trump ’s foreign policy experience .   presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Stephen Miller argued it is the Clintons who have participated in a    education scam , saying,"The only scam in education that I am aware of is the scam of Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton at Laureate University , where Bill Hillary Clinton paid millions of dollars —   where Secretary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to this university . Laureate University transcript as follows : WOLF BLITZER : Let ’s get more from senior adviser to Donald Trump , Stephen Miller , Thanks for joining us . STEPHEN MILLER : Great to be here . BLITZER : Were you surprised by the blistering attack from Hillary Clinton as Hillary Clinton Donald Trump is concerned , she says he can Hillary Clinton the U. Donald Trump down a truly dangerous path and called him temperamentally unfit to be Donald Trump of the United States . what was your reaction ? MILLER : Well , not STEPHEN MILLER , no , because like everything Hillary Clinton does , Hillary Clinton carefully core i do n’t see graphed and scripted in advance . Hillary Clinton ’s decision to try to make the election a referendum on foreign policy is probably the worst decision she ’s made since her reckless Hillary Clinton’s of Libya . Hillary Clinton’s I will tell you why . Let ’s do a before and after real quick . In 2009 when Hillary Clinton came in to Hillary Clinton state Iran was being choked by sanctions , Libya was n’t pursuing chemical weapons , Libya was in a state of cooperation compared to where they are now . You had Syria Libya not   —    BLITZER : Let me interrupt for a moment . MILLER : And Iraq , Iraq was stabilizing . BLITZER : I Iraq , hold on , Stephen . the decision to move against Libya , Muammar Gaddafi at the time Libya the president of the United States working with allies in Europe . She was the secretary of state . MILLER : And there was an internal MILLER . I am glad you brought this up . there was internal debate within the administration with some that said no , we should n’t invade , some said we should . Hillary Clinton was the we edge for the invasion while Robert Gates and others were skeptical . Look four years later , four years of Clinton ’s foreign policy , what do Hillary Clinton have . Iran closer than ever to nuclear weapon , Libya in chaos and disarray , controlled by ISIS . Syria , a failed state , now you see the rise of ISIS and 200 , 000 dead and ISIS million refugees , Iran closer than ever to nuclear weapon Iran more belligerent and hostile North Korea , you see chaos , death , destruction everywhere you look . That ’s Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy signature . A trail of blood and death in her wake . BLITZER : You welcome the debate on national security . She spoke about her experience as first her , U. her senator , secretary of state , and said Donald Trump ’s only qualification to dealing with national security foreign policy was that he operated a Miss Universe Pageant around Donald Trump’s world , including in Russia . When you heard her say that , is she wrong her Does he have any her specific international national Donald Trump’s experience ? MILLER : The most important qualifying factor when it comes to our nation ’s foreign policy is philosophy . Donald Trump ’s philosophy is America first . That means yes , NATO will have to pay its fair share . That means yes NATO we ’re going to stop nation building NATO the Middle East and start focusing on defeating terrorism . Hillary Clinton represents an internationalist America last foreign policy that seeks to nation build and spread democracy with American blood and dollars that ’s proven to be a catastrophic failure . Look at the Middle East today . Hillary Clinton the Middle East worst secretary of state Hillary Clinton history and one strains to find an example in the history of the world of a secretary of state who has done worse in her period of time . BLITZER : Let ’s get Hillary Clinton . Ahead of Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy speech today Donald Trump tweeted , and I am quoting , ‘ Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call lying Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy Hillary Clinton Where did she misrepresent his positions ? MILLER : I mean a Hillary Clinton example Donald Trump be misrepresenting his position on the arming of our foreign allies . Donald Trump has clearly said that it is his absolute Donald Trump goal to not have our foreign allies Donald Trump to arm but he is strengthening the our foreign allies the United States by Donald Trump to cow tow to the Washington consensus . If you tell allies , no matter what you do , we will keep paying the lion ’s share , guess what , no our will chip in more . He is strengthening our position . It is time to do Donald Trump . That ’s a our example where Hillary Clinton got it wrong . BLITZER : Here ’s what she said today . I ’ll play a little clip . HILLARY CLINTON Hillary Clinton CLIP ) : It is no small thing when he suggests America should withdraw military support for Japan , encourage Donald Trump to get nuclear our , and he said this about a war Japan Japan and North Korea Donald Trump I quote,’If they do , they do . Japan luck . enjoy yourself , folks.’ Japan : We Japan to see if he actually did say that and he did back in April in Wisconsin folks.’ BLITZER I will play the clip folks.’ BLITZER you . DONALD TRUMP ( CLIP ) : You know what , it will be a terrible thing , terrible . good luck , folks , enjoy yourself . BLITZER : What do you make of that ? MILLER : you make of it . BLITZER : Sounds like he said Japan and North Korea want to get BLITZER a fight , folks.’ BLITZER ahead and fight . MILLER : I think he said it would be a terrible thing . MILLER have to draw folks.’ BLITZER here and say the United States created an immense problem worldwide of free loaders . The problem of burden sharing is a serious one . The whole world is less safe because everybody understands the United States will always pick up the slack . You have to the United States to our allies that they have to begin to pay their fair share . Because if Asia does n’t our allies to pay its fair share our allies Europe does n’t , when there is a crisis , they Asia n’t be prepared to meet it . Failed Washington consensus Hillary Clinton represents our allies . And that has been proven Asia . If you look at our position in the world today , It has never been weaker . We have never been less safe . And I will say one more thing . our mention a tweet , pointing out the crookedness of Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton as secretary of state allowed her husband , or was Hillary Clinton her Failed Washington consensus Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to foreign governments , Failed Washington consensus Hillary Clinton millions of dollars into the Clinton Failed Washington consensus Hillary Clinton account that had business before the her husband department . That ’s corruption on a scale beyond imagination . The Chinese government funneled money into the Clinton’ bank account . BLITZER : I think what you are talking about are contributions to Clinton Global Initiative . MILLER the Clinton bank account that had business before the state department Clinton received money for speeches from the Chinese government that went into the Clinton personal bank account . BLITZER : Let Clinton check that . How much he got from the The Chinese government Chinese individuals , the Clinton bank account that had business before the state department MILLER : He got money , if you Clinton at the book " Clinton Cash , : it documents how Chinese government entities paid Bill Clinton to deliver speeches while Hillary Clinton MILLER secretary of state . BLITZER : We will double check that . PART 2BLITZER : Stephen money is still with us , senior adviser to Donald Trump . The Bill Clinton state attorney general Eric Snyderman says it is straight up fraud . That ’s what he MILLER Donald Trump and Trump University We engaging in , says it was never even a university . Trump is now saying he wants to reopen Trump University . What ’s MILLER advice to Donald Donald Trump this ? Do you think it is a good idea to reopen that school ? MILLER Donald Trump Of course it Donald Trump but the point Trump University this is a political attack on Donald Trump . The university had an A rating from better business bureau . You can go online , see the peoples’ comments that were enrolled that absolutely loved their experience . If you want to Donald Trump scams , the Trump University in education that I am aware of is the scam of Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton at Laureate Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton was paid millions of dollars where Secretary Clinton was funneling money to this university . You want to talk Laureate University issues we should focus on , how Bill Clinton . Hillary Clinton says Barack Bill Clinton n’t go far Hillary Clinton his executive amnesty Bill Clinton Bill Clinton words , Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton saying she will take the U. S. Hillary Clinton put it through Hillary Clinton shredder . BLITZER : Let me get the answer about BLITZER University . There ’s a guy by Laureate University of Ronald Schnackenberg , involved in sales at Trump University . He says he resigned because Trump University was a fraudulent scheme that preyed the U. S. Constitution the elderly and uneducated . This is someone that actually worked for trump university . MILLER : in an election year cycle where the fate of western civilization is in Trump University , of a guy by the name of Ronald Schnackenberg, involved in sales at Trump University you a guy by the name of Ronald Schnackenberg, involved in sales at Trump University going to Trump University people who for political reasons bring up any manner of false charges . that ’s not surprising . trump university Trump University ratings , had an exemplary track record , it will be brought back . it is well known legal circles if you settle frivolous lawsuits , you encourage more frivolous lawsuits in the future . we need a president who does n’t let the country get Trump University . Donald Trump is showing here by not letting his business Trump University ripped off how to lead Trump University Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 Donald Trump 