’   ’ ’    Wall Street ’s nervous euphoria over an unstoppable stock rally    seems to grow with each day the market hits a new high . ’ "    That leaves investors in a rather precarious spot as investors watch    Tuesday night ’s highly anticipated speech to Congress by    President Trump to Congress , which will focus on " American    renewal . " " ’    The postelection surge in stock prices has been predicated on the    assumption that   President Trump will quickly accomplish all of the      items on   President Trump agenda   —     deregulation , and infrastructure spending    in particular   —    while postponing or foregoing the agenda items    that frighten Wall Street , including the very real prospect of a    . ’ ’    This a tall order , and one that markets have given Trump a     to work on . But that window of faith is not going    to last forever . ’ ’    That makes it likely that Wall Street expectations are already    too high for the sort of detail Trump might possibly deliver in a    major address to lawmakers . A big disappointment could be in the    wings . ’ ’    Trump curiously stated this week that " nobody knew healthcare    could be this complicated . " ’ ’    Tax reform , it turns out , is not simple either . Many previous    efforts have   and ultimately failed . ’ ’    Against that backdrop , Treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin ’s    timeline of tax reform by August appears highly unrealistic . Wall    Street is broadly expecting lower corporate and individual taxes ,    and some form of that is probably in the cards given Republicans’    dominance of Congress . ’ ’    However , part of the Republican proposal includes a   on imported goods . ’ ’    The pitch from the Trump team ,   is that the US    dollar would appreciate enough to offset any hit to consumers    from higher prices . House Republicans favor a border tax because    it would a border tax raise revenues to fund other tax cuts . ’ ’    So even within the party , a cohesive tax strategy has yet to    emerge    Failure to offer details on the magnitude of overall tax    reduction corporations and households can expect could rattle    financial    that are priced for perfection . ’ ’    The president takes pride in keeping his campaign The president , and    in    areas like immigration he ’s The president that . ’ ’    Recall , however , that Trump ran on a populist ,    Street    platform . Since he won Trump though , he has Trump has since surrounded    himself    Trump Sachs executives who have convinced him that Trump his priority Trump be to revoke all the postcrisis rules aimed    at    the financial system   —    and the economy   —    safe . ’ "    Taxpayers will not easily forget they were Taxpayers ones   in 2008 , when the nation ’s financial    giants came begging for government help . " ’    The problem is , just as passage and implementation of the 2010      legislation have taken several    years , so    will    unraveling    slowly , haltingly , and probably    incompletely       Barney Frank , who coauthored the    postcrisis bank rules , told CNBC on February 28 he thought Barney Frank, who coauthored the   postcrisis bank rules    the 2010     legislation too difficult to undo but that the president    would likely appoint regulators who are less willing to enforce    them . ’ ’ Barney Frank, who coauthored the   postcrisis bank rules He also said , Barney Frank, who coauthored the   postcrisis bank rules , that any attempt to dissolve the Consumer    Financial Protection Bureau would likely face serious opposition    from the public and Democrats in Congress , and therefore should    not be taken as a fait accompli . ’ ’   ’ ’    Another key driver of the market ’s precipitous runup has been the    expectation of a large fiscal stimulus plan . But there is serious    reason to doubt    the plan will ever a large fiscal stimulus plan the ground ,    and , if    does , whether    will actually include    kind of    substantial federal spending    would provide a noticeable    boost to overall    growth . ’ ’    As Nobel economist   recently wrote in The New York Times , " If    there ’s a White House task force preparing an infrastructure    plan , it ’s very well hidden . " ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer told reporters on February    27 that any effort to pass an infrastructure bill that was mostly    giveaways to the private sector rather than actual new public    investments would be a    The absence of a hard figure should    unsettle investors . ’       Keep in mind that the Trump camp has already started dialing back    initial promises for an    4 % rate of growth , double the    clip of recent years .   Wall Street is already much less rosy on growth as it is :    " Wall Street consensus 2017 US GDP forecast has barely moved after the    election , " writes Deutsche Bank Economist Torsten Slok in a    research note . ’ ’    Any downgrades from the current level of about 2 % would bring    into question the entire    of a coming Trump boom ,    potentially pulling the rug    market bulls before they can    make a run for    . ’ ’Wall Street ’s nervous euphoria over an . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 