While interviewing Glenn Beck about Glenn Beck suspension from SiriusXM , Fox News host Megyn Kelly omitted a crucial sentence in the audio of Beck ’s interview with the author Brad Thor that led to the suspension . [ SiriusXM suspended Beck last week over comments Beck made during an interview with Thor that the satellite radio company said " may be reasonably construed by some to have been advocating harm against " the Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump .   On the Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump Fox News show Monday night , Kelly played the audio of the Thor interview for Beck , but omitted Thor opening sentence which provided important context showing that the author recognized the danger and gravity of his the author . Below is a transcript of the remarks that led to Beck Beck suspension . The bolded section is the sentence omitted by Kelly : BRAD THOR : He BRAD THOR a danger to America and I got to ask you a question and this is serious and this could bring down incredible heat on me because I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his Donald Trump authority as President ? If Congress Congress n’t remove him from office , what patriot will step up and do that if , if , he him his him —    his him as president , his him authority , I should say , as president . If he him that , how do we get him him of office ? And I do n’t think there is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it Trump Congress . GLENN BECK : I would agree with you GLENN BECK that and I do n’t think you actually have the voices we ’ve been talking about   —    we we been talking about this    for a while , I think the voices like ours go away . Thor ’s statement that he Thor " about to suggest something very bad " shows that this was n’t typical speculation . Kelly played the audio and displayed an    graphic of the transcript   —    which makes her Kelly of the bolded opening sentence all the more glaring . She Kelly framed her Kelly question as more of a statement that cleared Beck of the charge that led to his suspension . " Then in the wake of that , Glenn , you went on vacation , and SiriusXM suspend the show for a week , right ? And what   —    you say that this is all a misunderstanding . Brad Thor was not   —    it was saying what patriot will step up if Trump oversteps his Trump as president . It was n’t a death threat , which is how many people took it It " Kelly stated . ( A quick survey of the coverage of Beck ’s suspension finds no major news outlet describing this exchange as a " death threat . ") Beck Beck with Kelly Kelly noting that he Beck not contacted by Secret Service or law enforcement over these comments . " Megyn , you ’ve known me for a long time , " Beck Beck . " Have you ever heard any conservative that ’s talked more about Gandhi and Martin Luther King and peace and love and no violence as the answer ? Have you heard anyone say more about that than me in the last six years ? " " And in your defense , even your response to Brad did not express some , what are you   —    you know —   " Kelly interjected . Beck Beck restated his Beck that Thor ’s comments actually evoked for him Beck image of Jimmy Stewart in " Mr. Smith Goes to Washington " rather than an allusion to the assassination of Trump , who Beck Beck repeatedly compared to Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler . However , despite his Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler that his Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler with Thor was not about assassination , Beck Beck Kelly this hypothetical : " Let ’s take Donald Trump out of this and let ’s ’s it Barack Obama . If Barack Barack Obama —    many conservatives had this very conversation , ‘ Glenn,’   —    and I always thought it was crazy   —    ‘ Glenn , what if he Donald Trump the next election and stayed in ? ’ " Kelly finished his thought Kelly adding , " The question is who will hold him accountable Kelly " But then just to clarify , Kelly said Kelly Beck , " But just for the record , and you ’ve talked to Brad as well , neither one of you was Beck that there should be an assassination or an attempt on Donald Trump ’s life because people do n’t want to hear   —    even people who hate Trump   Donald Trump’s do n’t want to hear that , and I know you do n’t want to hear that . " Beck replied Beck " I do n’t want to hear that , and that ’s why for six years I ’ve been saying violence is coming on the streets . The violence will violence because anger is going to be   —    I actually expect it on the left , and I ’ve been saying to people for the longest time Martin Luther King was right , no violence . To violence I had somebody on my show that I would n’t call on the carpet or that I would agree with a theory like that is absolutely nuts . " Kelly agreed with him , adding , " Kelly my own experience , you have a history of standing up for the weak and condemning that kind of thing . " Kelly ’s approach to this Kelly is in marked contrast to her colleague Bill O’Reilly , Kelly criticized Thor ’s comments because such rhetoric " incites violence in the minds of some crazy people . " O’Reilly , who wrote a bestselling book called Killing Reagan about the mentally unstable John Hinckley ’s attempted assassination of President Reagan , said , Killing Reagan incites violence in the minds of some crazy people . Believe me , I know about it , Killing Reagan with Hinckley . I know Reagan these John Hinckley get incited . And you have got to be very careful . " Fox News did not respond to a request for comment on the reason for Kelly ’s omission of Thor ’s opening sentence . Watch the full segment of Kelly ’s interview with Beck above Kelly’s Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 