’When Michael Bloomberg announced that ’When Michael Bloomberg would not run for president , ’When Michael Bloomberg did not quite endorse Hillary Clinton.’ ’But you could read that endorsement between the lines.’ ’His    announcement column is titled " , " and the unacceptable risk he’ ’s talking about isn’’t losing   it’ ’s " the good chance that my candidacy could lead to the election of Donald Trump or Senator Ted Cruz . " ’ ’He says that a Donald Trump presidency would " embolden our enemies , threaten the security of our allies , and put our own men and women in uniform at risk . " ’ ’He adds that Senator Ted Cruz is " no less extreme " and " no less divisive " than Trump.’ " This is the kind of    that implies an endorsement . If a Trump or Senator Ted Cruz victory is unacceptable , and if a Trump or Cruz victory will be facing Hillary Clinton in November and Bloomberg is n’t going to run , then that ’s not going to leave him a lot of options but to line up with Hillary Clinton . " ’Bloomberg says ’Bloomberg is " not ready to endorse any candidate , " and ’Bloomberg does grouse that both Democratic candidates have moved too far left on issues like Wall Street and trade , without mentioning either by name . In doing so , ’Bloomberg frames the likely election matchup as a choice between the irksome and the unacceptable   —    and irksome beats unacceptable.’ ’Fortunately for Bloomberg , there is a great tradition of Democratic candidates moving left on economic issues in the primary and tacking back to the center in the White House . This is especially true about trade . Just ask Barack Obama , who promised to renegotiate NAFTA.’ " If Bernie Sanders remained a serious threat to win the Democratic nomination , Bloomberg might have run . Sanders’ promises of populist economics are more believable than Clinton ’s , and Clinton selection would have allowed Bloomberg to frame Clinton campaign as a sensible , competent centrist alternative to two extreme nominees . In January ,   that the prospect of a    or    race was what had sparked Bloomberg renewed interest in running for president . " " But Clinton Clinton policy views are too similar to Bloomberg Bloomberg , and her Clinton support too strong , for him Clinton wage a winning campaign against her Clinton of a spoiling one . Those were good reasons for him Clinton to run   —    and they Those also good reasons for him Clinton come around to backing her Clinton the end . " ’When Bloomberg that he . .. Bloomberg 
 