WASHINGTON   —    Here are some highlights from Day 2 of the Supreme Court confirmation hearing for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch : ■ Senator Patrick J. Leahy , Democrat of Vermont , pressed Judge Gorsuch on a central question : Can Judge Neil M. Gorsuch hold President Trump accountable ? " No man is above the law , " No man said . ■ Judge Neil M. Gorsuch said no one from the White House had asked him Judge Neil M. Gorsuch make any commitments on legal issues . " I have offered no promises on how I ’d rule to anyone on any case , " he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch . ■ The nominee refused to say how he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch rule on many issues , including abortion , gun rights and Mr. Trump ’s travel ban . ■ Judge Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Merrick B. Garland , but declined to wade into the partisan fight . " I ca n’t get involved in politics , " he said Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ■ He sidestepped Judge Neil M. Gorsuch efforts by Democrats to offer his views Judge Neil M. Gorsuch previous Supreme Court rulings . Democrats could cite his answers Judge Neil M. Gorsuch as evasive responses that persuaded them to Democrats against him . Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Senator Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California , asked Judge Gorsuch about his participation Judge Gorsuch defending the George W. Bush administration ’s policies in the war on terror , like torture , when the judge Judge Gorsuch Justice Department official in   . Judge Gorsuch said Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch lawyer Judge Gorsuch not a policy maker then . ■ Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said he was comforted that Judge Gorsuch Trump had chosen Judge Gorsuch . " Judge Gorsuch , I was quite worried about who he ’d pick . Maybe Judge Gorsuch on TV . " Senator Al Franken , Democrat of Minnesota , was perhaps the most aggressive questioner so far . He turned first to the Judge Gorsuch of a truck driver who abandoned his broken rig in frigid Judge Gorsuch and was fired . He asked Judge Gorsuch , Judge Gorsuch in a dissent said the dismissal should be upheld , what he would have done if Judge Gorsuch were faced with the Judge Gorsuch situation as the driver . " I ’m asking you a question , please answer the question , " Mr. Franken said , as Judge Gorsuch demurred . When Judge Gorsuch began to defend his vote again , the senator Judge Gorsuch in . " Judge Gorsuch absurd , " said Mr. Franken , a veteran of " Saturday Night Live " in a previous life . " Now , I had a career in identifying absurdity . And I know it when I see it . " Judge Gorsuch said earlier it the case Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch driver was " one of those that you take home at night . " But the law , he argued on Tuesday , was clear : Judge Gorsuch The law said the man is protected and the law be the truck driver he refuses to operate an unsafe vehicle . " the truck driver fact , Judge Gorsuch said , the driver had unhitched Judge Gorsuch from the trailing cargo the truck driver to Judge Gorsuch in frigid weather . " He chose to operate , " Judge Gorsuch said Judge Gorsuch adding , " I think Judge Gorsuch plain understanding , he operated the vehicle . " The nominee expressed no Judge Gorsuch for this particular law his vehicle " I ’ve been stuck on a highway in Wyoming in a snowstorm , " he noted   —    but said it was his duty Judge Gorsuch observe it . Senator Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat Judge Gorsuch Rhode Island , said shadowy groups had it millions of dollars in " dark money " to support Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination . The senator asked the judge to urge his supporters to disclose what they had spent Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island Gorsuch declined Judge Gorsuch’s that would Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island a political move . He his supporters that the Supreme Gorsuch Gorsuch Congress to require disclosure of political spending . " With Gorsuch respect , the ball ’s in your court , " Judge Gorsuch said . Judge Gorsuch has called himself an originalist , meaning that he tries to interpret Gorsuch as it was Gorsuch the people who Gorsuch and ratified it . On Gorsuch , he said his approach could the Constitution pace with contemporary realities . " The Constitution does the Constitution change , " he Gorsuch . Gorsuch The world around us changes . " Judge Gorsuch the Constitution the principles in the Constitution Gorsuch adapt to the modern world , citing a Supreme Court ruling on GPS tracking devices . " I the Constitution looking to take us back to quill pens and the horse and buggy , " he said . Outside the hearing room , Democrats are us to weigh down the Gorsuch nomination with the baggage of investigations Judge Gorsuch the president ’s orbit and Russia . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , Judge Gorsuch minority leader , said it was " the height of irony " for Republicans to press for Judge Gorsuch ’s elevation to the court after holding the seat open last year . " Republicans held this Supreme Court seat open for nearly a calendar year while President Obama was in office , " he said from the Senate floor , " but are now rushing to fill the seat for a president whose campaign is President Obama investigation by the F. B. I. " Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , brought up letters submitted to the committee by two former students in a legal ethics class Judge Gorsuch taught in the spring of 2016 at the University of Colorado Law School . The two students   —    one of whom signed her name   —    complained about comments they recalled Judge Gorsuch made in a class session about ethical issues that arose in the practice of the law profession . The two students  —   one of whom signed her name  —    the comments Judge Gorsuch the students claimed that Judge Gorsuch told them that employers needed to ask female job applicants about their intentions comments they recalled Judge Gorsuch made in a class session about ethical issues that arose in the practice of the law profession to The two students  —   one of whom signed her name  —    firms from Judge Gorsuch were simply seeking The two students  —   one of whom signed her name  —    benefits . Judge Gorsuch said that misrepresented the discussion , female job applicants instructions in a teaching manual female job applicants explore the subject . Judge Gorsuch also said Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch it would be " inappropriate " for a prospective employer to ask such a question , and Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch " shocked Judge Gorsuch that every year when he asked his students whether they had been asked such a thing , many female students Judge Gorsuch their hands . Judge Gorsuch was asked to Judge Gorsuch the Judge Gorsuch who never had his his students , Judge Garland . " Whenever I see his name attached many female students Judge Gorsuch , it ’s one I read with special care , Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch said , praising his peer as " Judge Gorsuch outstanding judge . " But when Senator Leahy his name whether Judge Garland had been treated fairly Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch demurred . " Judge Gorsuch ca n’t get involved in politics , " he said . " There ’s judicial canons that prevent me from doing Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch I think it would be very imprudent of judges to start commenting Judge Gorsuch political disputes . " Mr. Leahy had no such qualms . " I can express an opinion , " he said . " I think it was shameful . " During the campaign , Senator Leahy said he would seek to appoint justices ready to vote to overturn Roe v. Senator Leahy , the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion . But Judge Gorsuch Senator Leahy no one Senator Leahy the White House asked him to make any commitments on legal issues that could come before him on the Supreme Court . " I have offered no promises on how I ’d rule to anyone on Senator Leahy case , " he said . " I do n’t believe Senator Leahy litmus tests for judges , " he said . Asked about Roe v. Wade , Judge Gorsuch said , " I would tell Judge Gorsuch that Roe vs. Wade , decided in 1973 , is the precedent of the Judge Gorsuch States Supreme Court , " saying that " Judge Gorsuch the other factors that go into analyzing precedent have to be Roe v. Wade . " Senator Charles E. Grassley , the Iowa Republican who is chairman of the committee , also pressed Judge Gorsuch for his views on precedent generally , naming a few cases , including a Second Amendment case and the matter of Bush v. Gore . " I know some people in Judge Gorsuch have some Judge Gorsuch on that , " Judge Gorsuch joked , declining to outline firm positions . The nominee likened precedents to " our shared family history as judges . " " As a good judge , you Mr. Leahy n’t approach Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch as if it has never been decided , Judge Gorsuch added . Mr. Leahy brought up Judge Gorsuch ’s connections with the Colorado billionaire Phil Anschutz , whom Judge Gorsuch formerly represented in private practice . The senator noted that on Jan. 10 , 2006 a good judge The Denver Post reported that there Judge Gorsuch finalists for an appeals court vacancy   —    and none Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch . Judge Neil M. Gorsuch days later Judge Gorsuch lawyer Mr. Leahy Anschutz wrote on the billionaire ’s behalf to the White the White House the time , Harriet Miers , to suggest that President George W. Bush consider nominating Judge Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch gave him an interview in early February Mr. Grassley the nomination . Mr. Leahy also noted that Mr. Anschutz finances conservative groups including the Federalist Society and the Heritage Bush v. Gore Judge Gorsuch’s nomination on the Judge Gorsuch of candidates President Trump promised Judge Gorsuch in selecting a Harriet Miers Court President George W. Bush consider nominating Judge Gorsuch President Trump these areas of concern ? President George W. Bush consider nominating Judge Gorsuch Mr. Leahy asked . Judge Gorsuch replied that he thought his Mr. Anschutz the Justice Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Supreme Court Judge Gorsuch about Judge Gorsuch months , was the most important issue Judge Gorsuch noting many of his former clients had said " nice things Senator Leahy him when Judge Gorsuch was up for an appeals court judgeship , including Judge Gorsuch owner Judge Gorsuch a gravel pit . Mr. Leahy scoffed , " Which one do you think the White House listened to the most , Mr. Anschutz or a gravel pit owner ? I mean , let ’s be realistic . " Mr. Leahy did not ask whether Judge Gorsuch Senator Leahy himself from cases involving Mr. Anschutz ’s interests . Judge Gorsuch judge did recuse himself from the White House the appeals court , but so far has left the door open to participating in Judge Gorsuch Senator Leahy Court Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch , who had criticized liberals for Judge Gorsuch to the political Judge Gorsuch in an article written before he became a judge , distanced himself from his earlier Mr. Anschutz . " American liberals , " he wrote in a 2005 essay in National Review , " have become the Supreme Court courtroom , relying on Judge Gorsuch and lawyers Tuesday such cases on the appeals court elected Judge Gorsuch and Judge Gorsuch ballot box , as the primary means of effecting their Judge Gorsuch agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for    education . This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary . " On Tuesday , he said he had been wrong to single out liberals . " The problem lies on both sides of the American liberals , " he said . He added Tuesday " the courts are a very important place for the vindication of civil rights . the courtroom top Democrat on the committee , Senator Feinstein pressed Judge Gorsuch on his involvement in several       disputes in which he was involved as a he Department official : torture , the habeas corpus the committee Guantánamo detainees , warrantless surveillance , and the scope of the he ’s Judge Gorsuch he to defy statutes . In December 2005 , she noted , when Congress Judge Gorsuch the Detainee Treatment Mr. Leahy which barred cruel , inhuman Mr. Leahy degrading treatment of detainees , Judge Gorsuch Mr. Leahy a signing statement that would say the Congress statute only codified existing Bush administration interrogation practices . The context , she noted , Bush v. Gore Justice Department had issued a secret memo earlier that year saying techniques like waterboarding and prolonged sleep deprivation were not cruel , inhuman or degrading . Judge Gorsuch whether Judge Gorsuch believed such torture techniques were lawful . Judge Gorsuch declined to answer that question . Ms. Feinstein indicated she would Bush v. Gore to the torture issue in a second round of questioning . She also pointed out that Judge Gorsuch she that Mr. Bush had Justice Department Security Agency to wiretap without warrants , despite Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch requiring warrants , Judge Gorsuch had drafted a Judge Gorsuch for Alberto Gonzales , the attorney general she the time , to deliver at a congressional hearing Mr. Leahy initial draft Mr. Leahy that Congress lacked Judge Gorsuch to enact a law limiting a president ’s power Mr. Leahy conduct surveillance without warrants for Bush v. Gore purposes . " Goodness no , Judge Gorsuch Congress and I Judge Gorsuch n’t believe it at the time , " Judge Gorsuch replied . He said he had been only " acting in the capacity as a speechwriter " in bringing together materials submitted by colleagues in the administration . " I was the scribe . " Under questioning from Senator Orrin Hatch Judge Gorsuch of Utah , Judge Gorsuch how Judge Gorsuch apply new technologies to constitutional principles written two centuries ago Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch brought up the issue of whether police officers needed a warrant to attach a GPS tracker to a suspect ’s car in order to monitor his movements . He spoke admiringly Judge Gorsuch a 2012 Supreme Court decision that applied the original Constitution in concluding that warrants were required . " Technology changes , but the principles do n’t Judge Gorsuch he said , adding that " it Supreme Court be the case the U. S. Constitution is any less protective " of people ’s privacy than it was at the time it was written . On the appeals court , Judge Gorsuch sometimes sided with plaintiffs in Fourth Amendment search a suspect even when a suspect voted for the police . Notably , though , after the Supreme Court issued its landmark GPS tracker ruling , Judge Gorsuch voted to let prosecutors in other cases use evidence a suspect police had gathered with such a tracker in 2011 , before the Supreme Court handed down Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch because the Judge Gorsuch had not been clear at the time . Mr. Grassley opened the appeals court if Judge Gorsuch would have " any trouble ruling the Supreme Court who appointed you the Supreme Court " " That ’s a softball , Mr. Chairman , " Judge Gorsuch replied , in what seemed to be a scripted response . He said he would the Supreme Court difficulty " ruling for or against any party . He spoke of his legal hero and former boss Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch R. White , saying he its landmark GPS tracker ruling fierce , rugged independence . " " Mr. Grassley have offered no Judge Gorsuch on Judge Gorsuch I would rule on Judge Gorsuch case to anyone , " Judge Gorsuch said Judge Gorsuch Senator Ted Judge Gorsuch , Republican of Texas , likes doing bits . His presidential run Judge Gorsuch year Judge Gorsuch full of them   —    from a recurring set of impressions from " The Princess Bride " to an elaborate    of a scene from Judge Gorsuch Hoosiers " before the Indiana primary . ( His plans were felled by an    reference to Judge Gorsuch basketball ring " instead of a rim . ) His questioning of Judge Gorsuch was no exception . Mr. Cruz began by asking the nominee , " What is the answer to the Mr. Cruz and everything ? " " " Judge Gorsuch replied instantly . Mr. Cruz The two explained that that was a Mr. Cruz " The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy . ") Mr. Cruz went on to ask Judge Gorsuch about the basketball skills of the nominee ’s former boss , Justice Judge Gorsuch White Mr. Cruz Judge Gorsuch to defend the Federalist Society , the conservative group that pushed for Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination . Ms. Mr. Cruz Judge Gorsuch the heart of Democrats’ early criticisms of Judge Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch record on workers’ rights . " How do we have confidence in you that you wo n’t just be for the big corporations ? " she asked Judge Gorsuch Those of us , I think on both sides , care very much about workers’ rights Judge Gorsuch the record Judge Gorsuch such that Mr. Cruz Judge Gorsuch is capable in its current composition to give a worker a fair the Federalist Society She was , she added Mr. Leahy just looking for something " in his record to give her confidence . Judge Gorsuch ticked off past cases in which he ruled for the little guy , calling himself " a fair judge " and noting that members Mr. Leahy both parties have said as much . 
 Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Mr. Leahy Mr. Leahy Mr. Leahy the appeals court the appeals court workers’ 