’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    U. S. Senate Majority Leader      said on Wednesday U. S. Senate Majority Leader      does not yet know how Republicans will amass the votes needed to       legislation now being crafted to dismantle Obamacare , but       some optimism on another top priority , overhauling the       code . ’ ’    In an exclusive interview with Reuters ,     said healthcare and taxes still top the Republican legislative    agenda , and he     that he     not reach out to the minority    Democrats on either one because differences between the two    parties are too stark . ’ ’ also said he     not asked the White House    for input as the Senate devises its the Senate healthcare legislation    after the    House of Representatives passed its the Senate version on May 4 , but may do so in the future . ’ "    Excluding Democratic involvement will leave     a conservative     Kentuckian    with a reputation as a dealmaker , a narrow path to win passage of    these ambitious goals , which are also at the head of Republican    President Donald Trump ’s policy agenda . A repeal of Obamacare was    one of Trump Republican   President Donald Trump leading campaign promises last year . " ’    Asked about     work among Senate Republicans on    hammering out the provisions of a healthcare bill ,     said , " I don’’t know how we get to 50    ( votes ) at the moment . But that’ ’s the goal . And exactly what the    composition of that ( bill ) is I’’m not going to speculate about    because it    no purpose , "   said . ’ ’    Republicans hold a    Senate majority . In the event of a      tie , Republican Vice President Mike Pence would be called upon to       a       . ’ ’ opened the interview by saying , " There’ ’s    not a whole lot of news to be made on healthcare . " He Republican Vice President Mike Pence to       what provisions he Republican Vice President Mike Pence want to see in the bill or       a timetable for producing even a draft to show to       Republican senators and gauge their Republican senators . ’ ’    On the other hand , he Republican Vice President Mike Pence , prospects for passage of major tax    legislation were " pretty good . " While this too will be difficult ,     said , it is " not in my view quite as    challenging as healthcare . " ’ ’    Trump and his fellow Republicans in Congress want to cut tax    rates across the board , but a House proposal to use the tax code    to boost exports and discourage imports has split the business    community and some lawmakers . ’ "    The House passed its legislation House overhaul the    healthcare system and dismantle major parts of the Obamacare law ,    formally called the Affordable Care Act , that was Democratic    former President Barack Obama ’s signature legislative    achievement    overcoming unified opposition from Democrats . " ’    On Wednesday , the    Congressional Budget Office    estimated the    bill would result in 23 million people    losing health insurance coverage by 2026 , a sobering figure for    Senate Republicans as they mull   Senate Republicans . The CBO also said federal    budget deficits would fall by $ 119 billion over 10 years under    that bill . ’ ’    Asked if he was getting any guidance from the White House on    healthcare legislation , said , " Honestly I    haven’’t    for any . I told the president there would be a    point at which we might well want him and the president vice president to    be helpful . " ’ ’ said Trump and Pence could play an    important role when it comes to " whipping " up support for    whatever    is produced . ’ ’    If the Senate passes a healthcare bill , lawmakers would have to    work    the differences in the House and Senate versions and    pass    compromise bill before it could a compromise bill to Trump for his    Trump    ’ ’   ’ ’    With Republicans holding a slim Senate majority Senate     likely needs the cooperation and support    of    conservative Republicans such as Senator Ted Cruz    who in the past have been difficult to corral . ’ ’    Cruz is Senator Ted Cruz    member of a working group within the Senate in charge    of crafting the Senate Obamacare repeal legislation . ’ ’    " I’’m grateful that he wants to help us get an outcome here , "     said . ’ ’    Republicans face a tricky balancing act . Because they can Republicans    expect any Democratic support and have a    majority ,    they must Republicans legislation that appeals not only to the most    conservative senators but also does not drive off many Republican    moderates . ’ "    Since it became law in 2010 , Republicans have railed against    Obamacare , arguing that it is too expensive and involves the    government too deeply in Americans’ healthcare decisions . " ’    They have said they want They replace it with it is too expensive and involves the   government too deeply in Americans’ healthcare decisions program that    repeals most Obamacare taxes   Obamacare reduces federal spending in the    Medicaid insurance program for the poor and leaves more decisions    up to the states . ’ ’ in the past has promised to undo Obamacare    " root and branch . " Now that Republicans are in a position to do    so with control of both Congress and the White House , they have Republicans are in a position to do   so with control of both Congress and the White House struggled    come up with a consensus plan . ’ "    The Republican leader compared the effort to solving a Rubik ’s    Cube . " ’    Many Senate Republicans have misgivings about the      legislation , which Democrats have said would deprive millions of    people of insurance , benefit the wealthy and roll back Obamacare    protections such as guaranteed coverage for people with      conditions . ’ ’ made clear that senators are writing their    senators bill , saying , " We’’re working on a separate approach . " ’ ’    In taking a    approach to healthcare and taxes ,     said of Democrats , " They’’re not interested    in doing what we’’re interested We’’re doing . " ’ ’ expressed optimism two parties can band    together to pass legislation funding the federal government in    the    year starting on Oct. 1 . ’ ’    He also noted good prospects for bipartisanship on a bill to    expand sanctions against Iran , due for debate in the Senate    Foreign Relations Committee this week , and renewal of a Food and    Drug Administration    program that expires later this    year .   ’ ’    ( Reporting by Susan Cornwell and Yasmeen Abutaleb ; Writing by    Richard Cowan ; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh , Will Dunham and Lisa    Shumaker ) ’ ’WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    U. S. Senate Majority . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 