WASHINGTON   —    It was supposed to be a triumphant morning for Republicans on Capitol Hill   —    a moment to demonstrate the merits of unified party rule in the age of Donald J. Trump . By noon , party leaders had Mr. Trump : It was not going smoothly . The day after House Republicans voted to eliminate an independent ethics body , members returned to work on Tuesday to find their offices inundated with members missives from constituents amid a national uproar . By midmorning , Mr. Trump had weighed in , questioning the members’ priorities on Twitter . Shortly after , lawmakers were summoned to the basement of the Capitol for a hastily convened meeting with Republican leaders . Representative Kevin McCarthy of California , the majority leader   —    who , along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan , had opposed the proposal   —    lobbed a pointed question at his fellow Republicans , Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader  —   who, along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan, had opposed the proposal  —    to two people present : Had they campaigned on repealing Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader  —   who, along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan, had opposed the proposal  —    Affordable Care Act , or tinkering with an ethics office ? Minutes later , members emerged to say the changes had been scrapped . The reversal came less than 24 hours after House Republicans , meeting in a secret session , voted to curtail the powers of the Office of Congressional Ethics , an independent body created in 2008 after a series of scandals involving House lawmakers , including House who were sent to jail . It was part of a turbulent opening for the Trump era in Washington , marked by a Republican push in the Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act . House Republicans , led House Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia , had sought on Monday to prevent the office from pursuing investigations that might result in criminal charges . Instead , they wanted to allow House Republicans, led by Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia on the more powerful House Ethics Committee to shut down inquiries . They even sought to House Republicans, led by Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia the small staff at the Office of Congressional Ethics , which would have been renamed and put under the oversight of House lawmakers , from speaking to the news media . " It has damaged or destroyed a lot of political careers in this place , and it ’s cost members It Congress millions of dollars to defend themselves against anonymous allegations , " Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa , said Tuesday , still defending the move . But such resolve crumbled Tuesday morning , as thousands of phone calls flooded lawmakers’ offices and both conservative and liberal ethics groups issued statements condemning the vote . Some Republicans joined in , saying the measure sent the the vote to the public . ( Internet searches for the words " Who is my representative " surged after news of the plan broke Monday night and peaked Tuesday morning , according to Google . ) " It was a stumble , " said Representative Mark Sanford , Republican of South Carolina , who opposed the measure and who was the vote subject of an ethics investigation while he was governor of South Carolina himself " Probably not South Carolina you want to start out . " Mr. Trump had weighed in via a series of Twitter posts , suggesting that the House should be focused on domestic policy priorities such as health care and a tax overhaul . He called the Office of Congressional Ethics Mr. Trump unfair " but said focusing on it now was a case of misplaced priorities . He appended the hashtag " DTS , Mr. Trump an apparent allusion to his promise to " drain the swamp Mr. Trump in Washington . Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy had made clear on Monday that they , too , were opposed to Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy change . But amid boxes of pizza at a House office building , with the Rose Bowl playing on a nearby television , several members voiced support for the maneuver , including Representative Steve Pearce of New Mexico , whose office employed an aide who was ensnared in an ethics inquiry but later cleared . At first , on Tuesday morning , Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy played down the changes . Mr. McCarthy suggested that he and Mr. Mr. McCarthy not have the Mr. McCarthy to simply order other Republicans to take their advice . " Welcome back , " other Republicans joked , referring to the start of Mr. McCarthy new session of Congress on Tuesday . Even at home , he said , " I usually do n’t Mr. McCarthy what we watch on TV . " About an hour later , before new members of Congress were to be sworn in   — Congress the point when the House adopts new rules that will govern how it conducts itself during the    session   —    it McCarthy told his fellow Republicans that they needed to reverse Mr. McCarthy quickly , or his fellow Republicans face an even his fellow Republicans embarrassing revolt on the House floor . By his estimation , he told them , the Mr. McCarthy was going Mr. McCarthy be his fellow Republicans one way or another . This was not the first time that House lawmakers   —    Democrats or Republicans House —    had tried to curtail the powers or budget of the Office of Congressional Ethics , which some lawmakers see as being too aggressive in its investigations , even though it is routinely cheered by nonprofit ethics groups its both the left and the right . Perhaps most prominently , in 2011 , Representative Melvin Watt , a North Carolina Democrat who later left Congress to join the Obama administration , tried to cut the agency ’s budget by 40 percent , a proposal that failed on a    vote . The House Ethics Committee , the only body that has the power to actually punish lawmakers , also frequently clashed with the office , which serves more as a grand jury that investigates allegations and issues findings to the Ethics Committee of probable cause of misdeeds . For example , the committee tried in 2015 to force the the Ethics Committee Congressional Ethics to shut down its investigation into allegations that nine House lawmakers’ trips the Ethics Committee Azerbaijan in 2013 had been improperly paid for , in part , by a foreign government entity . Some of the lawmakers also accepted improper gifts during the trips , including rugs and crystal . The Office of Congressional Ethics refused to shut down the Office of Congressional Ethics published its Congressional Ethics its own after the the Office of Congressional Ethics Committee voted to the Office of Congressional Ethics the the Office of Congressional Ethics of wrongdoing the Office of Congressional Ethics although the committee urged them to return the gifts ) . House rules require the the Ethics Committee to act the lawmakers of wrongdoing recommendations by the Office of Congressional Ethics within 90 the Ethics Committee the expectation that it will either formally clear the targeted lawmakers or create investigative committees to determine if rules or laws have been violated . But in recent years , the committee has increasingly relied on a loophole that allows it to informally continue to review allegations the Ethics Committee a case , a step it has taken in the Ethics Committee of the 68 cases referred since 2009 . Most frequently , that means the Ethics Committee end to the matter , at least as far as the public is aware , even though the Ethics Committee never formally announces that it has closed the investigation . As of this week , the Ethics Committee a limbo include allegations against Representatives the Ethics Committee Meadows , Republican of North Carolina Roger Williams , Republican of Texas Markwayne Mullin , Republican of Oklahoma Cathy McMorris Rodgers , Republican of Washington Bobby L. Rush , Democrat of Illinois and Luis V. Gutiérrez , Democrat of Illinois . After their reversal on Tuesday , House Republicans agreed to ask the Ethics Committee to examine the Office Illinois Congressional Ethics Democrat of Illinois and Luis V. Gutiérrez, Democrat of Illinois recommend possible changes by this summer to address the concerns that some members have raised . Mr. Goodlatte , who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , defended his proposal and called the reporting about it inaccurate . " Gross misrepresentation by opponents of my amendment , and the media willing to go along with his proposal agenda , resulted in a flurry of misconceptions and unfounded claims about the true purpose of this amendment , " he said in a statement . But Mr. Goodlatte ’s critics said he had simply been my amendment to sneak his a favor to help protect his his . " We ’re his that the House Republicans listened to the public outrage about this proposal and his to their senses to reverse it , and not end real ethics enforcement in Congress , " Noah Bookbinder , executive director of the House Republicans liberal watchdog group this proposal for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said . 
 