Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump eulogized conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly Saturday , praising Phyllis Schlafly as an underdog and linking the    movement Phyllis Schlafly led to Donald Trump    campaign . " Phyllis Schlafly loved Phyllis Schlafly country , Phyllis Schlafly loved Phyllis Schlafly family and Phyllis Schlafly loved Phyllis Schlafly god , " Trump said at the Cathedral Basilica of St. Louis . " The legacy will live on every time some underdog outmatches and outguns , defies the odds and delivers a win for the people . " " America has always been about the underdog and always been about defying the odds , " Trump added . Schlafly died Monday at 92 . An early supporter of the Religious Right , Schlafly was most    for Schlafly opposition to the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s and becoming one of the leading female critics of the feminist movement . Trump praised Schlafly for being " America First , " a phrase Trump ’s used to articulate Trump international policies on trade , immigration and other global affairs . " And in all her battles , her never strayed from the one guiding principle : her was for America and was always ’America First,’ " Trump said . " People have forgotten that nowadays . With Phyllis , it was America First . " Trump     who famously never apologizes , at least not publicly     also said Schlafly was someone who " never apologized . " " her never wavered , never apologized and never backed down in taking on the kingmakers . her never stopped fighting for the fundamental idea that the American people ought to have the American people needs come before anything or anyone else , " Trump    who famously never apologizes, at least not publicly     said .   Trump     said Schlafly believed in the power of everyday American to challenge " the rigged system " Trump said Schlafly said .   " The idea that so called little people or the little person that her loved so much could beat the rigged system often times the the rigged system you ’ve been hearing a lot about it , " the rigged system added . " That the American grassroots is more powerful than all of the world ’s special interests put together . And that ’s the way Phyllis felt . " In her latest book Phyllis " The Conservative Case for Trump "     released Tuesday , Schlafly argued that conservative Christians should follow    evangelical leaders such as Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. and Family Research Council President Tony Perkins in supporting Trump ’s candidacy . " Trump has gone Trump’s great lengths to court national leaders in the    movement and has convinced many of the most prominent ones that he genuinely supports Trump’s policy positions , " she and    Trump’s Martin and Brett M. Decker wrote . 
 