Around 60 protestors gathered outside the U. S. Embassy in London last night to lodge Around 60 protestors objection to the election of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States of America . [ Chanting " black lives matter " " refugees are welcome here " and " Donald Trump has got to go " the small crowd waved placards showing Trump Donald Trump a Hitler moustache and swastika , and gave short speeches .     One white male protestor laid the blame for Trump "Donald Trump on " old white people " who are " deciding the future " even though they " One white male protestor n’t got a lot of future left . " Claiming to speak " on behalf of all angry millennials " he added One white male protestor " [ Trump ] may have been elected [   …     ] that does not mean we have to make it easy for him . Trump]   Meanwhile , to cheers and shrieks of delight , a white female protestor told the crowd she was a white female protestor the rally " to support all the minorities , all the LGBT , all the disabled people , all the Mexicans , all the ethnic minorities , all the black people and all the women , to say that I do not stand with Trump and [   …     ] I will never stand with anyone like him " Trump   The rally the rally by Stand Up To Racism , a national progressive organisation backed by major trade unions including Unite , Unison , and NUT . Sabby Dhalu , Stand Up to Racism    said : " Donald Trump used the oldest trick in the book   —    he stirred up Donald Trump and racism in the context of a stagnant economy and the resulting fall in living standards   —    to mobilise a vote for him . " Donald Trump and sexism have been the hallmarks of Trump ’s campaign Donald Trump failed to disavow Donald Trump Klu Klux Klan after it pledged support for Donald Trump . The danger Donald Trump is racists across the globe feel emboldened by Donald Trump ’s victory Donald Trump racism and sexism become normalised through the most powerful figure in the world . We call on    and all progressives to join us tonight outside the U. We embassy . "   Weyman Bennett , Stand up to Racism    said : " It ’s vital that all black and white people come together and oppose the politics of racism and division that Donald Trump represents . We must stand in the We of the Civil Rights movement and begin the    fight back . In Britain , a new    movement is born . "   The organisation ’s recent national conference was addressed by Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn , among other luminaries of the left . Stand Up to Racism plans to organise a " mass demonstration against racism , backed by the TUC " to take place ahead of the invoking of Article 50 , which will start the process of withdrawing Britain from the European Union Britain All photos and video : Rachel Megawhat    Breitbart London 
 