Barbara Walters is retired , Oprah Winfrey is running a network and Megyn Kelly sees an opening . " It ’s there for the taking right now , " Barbara Walters said in a recent interview . And what is there for the taking ? What those famous hosts had accomplished : conducting the sort of interviews that could transfix a nation . " Those were the biggest spots to go for an interview if you had something you wanted to get off your chest , if you were in the middle of a scandal or a major news story and you wanted to do a      to get past it or to go on the record , " Barbara Walters said . Barbara Walters quickly added : " And I ’m here ! " Making the Oprah or Barbara Walters leap is a remarkably tricky business . Many have tried before , with daytime shows or    specials , only to run into a wall and return to a more comfortable corner of television . And the interview special is a relic from a time on television when what was broadcast on the Big Four networks was what mattered most . But on Tuesday , Ms. Kelly , the Fox News anchor and host of " The Kelly File , " will take her first crack at a    special on Fox   —    the broadcast network , not the cable news station   —    with " Megyn Kelly Presents . " There is certainly one big hook to draw viewers : She her confront the likely Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , a man who over the last nine months has kept Ms. Kelly in the middle of a running news story by relentlessly attacking her her And though Mr. Trump represents the    get , she her also interview two actors ( Michael Douglas and Laverne Cox ) and a lawyer ( Robert Shapiro ) who is back in the news after the successful O. J. Simpson anthology " American Crime Story " on FX . Mr. Mr. Trump , it is with those interviews that Ms. Kelly hopes to accomplish something new : prove that she can Ms. Kelly much more than simply host a nightly news show . If all goes well , she will Ms. Kelly range and versatility at a convenient time . Her contract Ms. Kelly Fox News is set to expire in a little more than a year . " I would like to prove to myself that Ms. Kelly have these other muscles , " she said Ms. Kelly as she sat Ms. Kelly her cramped Ms. Kelly on Sixth Avenue . " It does n’t all have to be    level of difficulty . It can be other kinds of questioning where you get more to somebody ’s humanity and tell their story . " She said Ms. Kelly one of her benchmarks Ms. Kelly success was if viewers said : " I saw Megyn in a new light . " Her Fox Ms. Kelly show , " The Kelly File , " has been a hit for more than two years , but Ms. Kelly , who is 45 , is in the middle of a big moment in her career Ms. Kelly Since Mr. Trump began attacking her after Ms. Kelly first Republican debate in August , Ms. Kelly has approached something close to genuine celebrity status . She was Ms. Kelly the cover of Vanity Fair in February , she has Ms. Kelly the rounds of the    circuit over the last three months . She also Ms. Kelly her first Ms. Kelly at the Met Gala in early May , the lavish Manhattan event that effectively serves as the year ’s social register for the rich and famous . There is also a book in the works   —    she is Ms. Kelly in the manuscript to her editor Ms. Kelly HarperCollins later this month and spent the last week writing the Trump section . It comes out the week the last week Day in November , and Tuesday will bring her the Ms. Kelly    special . There are real questions whether the    " special " can attract a meaningful audience and lift a career . Long gone are the days when Ms. Walters could attract an audience of about 50 million people , as her exclusive interview Ms. Walters Monica Lewinsky did in 1999 . But even in a fragmented TV landscape , they can occasionally even in a fragmented TV landscape through . Last year , Caitlyn Jenner ’s revelation that she was transgender Caitlyn Jenner’s an interview with Diane Sawyer drew nearly 17 million viewers , which qualifies as a huge hit these days . Ms. Kelly was Caitlyn Jenner’s discuss a ratings goal . The producer for " Megyn Kelly Presents , " the veteran TV newsman Bill Geddie , pointed out that Fox did not ordinarily run these type of news specials and that expectations should be managed accordingly . " Megyn said it right : We Megyn looking for a single here , " he said . The Megyn can accomplish other goals for her instead . The The special cycle has been relentlessly focused on politics and Ms. Kelly said she was more than Ms. Kelly to take a break from that . She is not a Ms. Kelly junkie . " That ’s not all I am , " she said " I Ms. Kelly covering the news , but I ’m not a political person , so I do n’t know that I get the jones out of immersing myself in politics all Ms. Kelly , every day the way some others do . " She added , " Ms. Kelly look out at the news landscape , and there is n’t the one perfect job that would service the soul . " If that turn of phrase makes her sound a little Ms. Kelly Oprah , it is probably not by accident . She pointed to Ms. Ms. Kelly and Charlie Rose to illustrate her broader goals . Ms. Kelly Oprah ’s a bit Oprah spiritual and helps improve people ’s lives , which I also would like to do , " she said . " Ms. Kelly has a thing Charlie Rose I do n’t have . He will sit down Charlie Rose Brian Dennehy , who ’s got an amazing show on Broadway , and talk to him about it . Charlie Rose ’ll sit down Charlie Rose business executives like Tim Cook and talk to him about what ’s Charlie Rose in his life . " Charlie Rose if Ms. Kelly wants to Ms. Kelly Oprah , part Charlie Rose and also fill the Barbara Walters vacuum ( " Who in their right mind would reject that ? " she said of Ms. Walters Ms. Kelly she got Barbara Walters producer Ms. Kelly Mr. Geddie produced more than 100 of Ms. Walters ’s    specials . Barbara Walters Kelly Presents " will be quite a departure from her regular    show : Ms. Kelly goodbye to the talking heads and    cuts , and cue a gauzier look , with two comfortable chairs and a contemplative head nod . " It ’s nice to step outside of it every once in a while and It out the Louis Vuitton luggage , " she said . This is Ms. Kelly of course , leads to the    question : What will happen when her contract expires next year Ms. Kelly Whether or not the special is a success , she will have plenty of Ms. Kelly lined up . And Fox News is keen to keep her . The special was Ms. Kelly brainchild of the Fox News chairman , Roger Ailes , Fox News said . And she expressed loyalty to Mr. Ailes when asked Ms. Kelly her future . " The number of times Ms. Kelly ’s had my back , given me Mr. Ailes , stuck his own neck out there to protect me Mr. Ailes I feel very grateful to him . " She continued : " Having Mr. Ailes that , Ms. Kelly is a fickle business , and you never say never . Every time I ’ve been up for a contract negotiation I ’ve been    to what possibilities exist . " Though the special may show how adept she is at interviewing a celebrity , much Ms. Kelly the attention on Tuesday night will ultimately be on Mr. Trump , who made her his No . 1 media nemesis with Ms. Kelly Mr. Ailes description of " blood coming out Mr. Ailes her    …      wherever . " Ms. Ms. Kelly said she planned to contact him for months but Ms. Kelly attacks on her Mr. Ailes coming ( Mr. Trump tweeted regularly Ms. Kelly her , calling her " Crazy Megyn , Ms. Kelly and he Ms. Kelly the second Fox News debate in Mr. Trump January because of Ms. Kelly ’s involvement ) . She wanted him for this special , but Ms. Kelly was Mr. Trump an easy assignment . Even this special Geddie , who has known Mr. Trump for 20 years , reached out and was given a flat no . It was not until April that Ms. Kelly reached out to Mr. Trump for Ms. Kelly’s time since the debate Mr. Trump . She later met him alone at the Trump Tower Ms. Kelly’s discuss the interview Mr. Trump Less than two weeks later , he was in . Though she concedes that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump made her " Ms. Kelly’s better known , Mr. Trump also Ms. Kelly’s to the last year as a Ms. Kelly’s one . There have been security concerns , and the stream of tweets from Mr. Trump and his supporters has been unpleasant . " This is one of Mr. Trump things that I get into with Trump in the interview , " she said . " Not Mr. Trump me but about Ms. Kelly’s he realizes the power his words have on the lives of Mr. Trump targets . Not Mr. Trump Megyn Kelly . " In a Mr. Trump cycle in which the news media has been roundly criticized for kowtowing to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Kelly has mostly been above it all . She Ms. Kelly’s on a March show : " I ’m Ms. Kelly’s     show in all of cable news and I have n’t had Trump on in seven months . It can be done without him too Mr. Trump With the apparent rapprochement , is Ms. Kelly worried about Mr. Trump perception that she , too , is doing whatever needs to be done Ms. Kelly’s get him for an interview ? " Listen , if I were n’t a journalist Mr. Trump would I have called up Trump and said Mr. Trump Let ’s meet’ ? No , I would not , " she said . " But it ’s because I ’m a Ms. Kelly’s he was attacking me to begin with . So , no , you can Mr. Trump compare me trying to put an end to his    barrage so that I can cover him like a normal journalist with Mr. Trump     obsessive coverage we have seen of Mr. Trump candidacy . " Ms. Kelly expressed some frustration that Ms. Kelly been in the Mr. Trump for Ms. Kelly long . Asked whether she thought Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump end Ms. Kelly the special was broadcast , she took a long pause , and said Ms. Kelly without a great deal of confidence : " I hope so . One never knows . " 
 