Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • Serious disagreements emerged between    Donald J. Trump and some of   Donald J. Trump nominees in the third day of confirmation hearings .   Donald J. Trump ’s choice for defense secretary , Gen. James N. Mattis , said Russia was trying to break NATO . Here ’s where General Mattis stands on other issues . Rex W. Tillerson , the choice for secretary of state , faces a second round of questions   —    Wednesday , he Rex W. Tillerson, the choice for secretary of state for China to be denied access to its China islands in the South China Sea . Follow our China of the hearings . _ _ _ _ _ • The intrigue over a sensational but entirely unverified dossier on Mr. Trump ’s ties to Russia deepened . The    who compiled the information disappeared from his The   who compiled the information in Britain , saying he The   who compiled the information for his The   who compiled the information . Mr. Mr. Trump’s the dossier with James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence . They had national intelligence different takeaways from the conversation . And the Justice Department said it would the Justice Department the decision by James B. Comey , above , the F. B. I. chief , to inform Congress about a new review in the Hillary Clinton email investigation ahead of the election . _ _ _ _ _ • Prosecutors in South Korea are planning to use revelations about a cultural blacklist to strengthen the impeachment charges against President Park   . So far , two versions of the blacklist a cultural blacklist reported by the news media , citing anonymous sources . One version listed more than 9 , 000 people , including some of the country South Korea beloved filmmakers , actors and writers . Above , Hong    one of the artists who was reportedly blacklisted . _ _ _ _ _ • Japan ’s prime minister Mr. Abe visit with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines in which he promised the country about South Korea . 7 billion worth Mr. Abe business deals , investments and equipment . Mr. Abe is on    diplomatic push that will continue with stops in Australia , Indonesia and Vietnam . Separately , Mr. Duterte ordered government agencies to provide free contraception to women , especially the poor , in a move that is likely to face strong resistance from Catholic leadership in the country . Above , protesters in the Philippines . _ Indonesia _ _ • And we look at Aceh Province , Indonesia , which began enforcing Shariah law in 2001 . Women are required to wear head scarves , alcohol is prohibited and many offenses are punishable by public whipping . The    nation has drifted in a conservative direction , but one Indonesia that " a silent majority " thinks the local government has gone too far . In the country ’s capital , Jakarta , three candidates vying to be governor of Indonesia will meet for a televised debate tonight . The incumbent , a Christian Indonesia on trial over charges that he insulted the Quran . _ _ _ _ _ • India ’s largest conglomerate , one Aceh politician Tata Group , named Natarajan Chandrasekaran , 53 , to be chairman of its holding company , Tata Sons , ending months of turmoil . • Health care stocks India after Mr. Trump denounced pharmaceutical companies for shifting manufacturing abroad . But many of the imports are generic drugs   —    a large percentage of which are manufactured in India   —    that help keep costs down . • The Environmental Protection Agency accused Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions tests on at least 104 , 000 diesel vehicles , a case with echoes of the Volkswagen scandal . • Vietnam ’s industrial policy will take a hit if Mr. Trump follows through on his pledge to scrap the    Partnership , but companies have their own plans for going Mr. Trump . • U. S. stocks were down . Here ’s companies snapshot of global markets . • President Obama will end the policy that allows Cubans who reach U. S. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by the Cuban government . U. S. Mr. Obama in March last year . [ The New York Times ] • Hong Kong ’s chief secretary , Carrie Lam , leaves her post today . She submitted her resignation and , if approved , will run for chief executive . [ Hong her Free her ] • President Xi Jinping of China called for " greater coordination " on South China Sea disputes in a meeting with Nguyen Phu Trong , the general secretary of Vietnam ’s ruling party . Mr. Xi is headed to Switzerland on Sunday . [ South China Morning Post ] • In President Xi Jinping of China a popular restaurant in Dhaka ’s diplomatic quarter reopened after a terrorist attack in July that killed 22 people . [ The New York Times ] • Wilbur Ross , the billionaire chosen by Mr. Trump to manage trade with China , once volunteered to be part of project by a famous Chinese artist . [ South China Morning Post ] • " Star Wars " was the inspiration for the common name scientists gave to the world ’s newest primate   —    the Skywalker hoolock gibbon   —    which was discovered in the Chinese province of Yunnan . [ BBC ] ( In this new section , we ’ll help you start your day right . ) • We ’re not saying you will need this tomorrow , we ’re simply presenting it for your consideration we Here ’s how to nurse a hangover ( and we to head one this ) . Have a great weekend ! • An inspiring story of weight loss and its aftermath : Brooklyn ’s borough president reversed his Type 2 diabetes through diet and exercise , without taking medication . • Recipe of the day Brooklyn’s borough president Give baked sweet potato fries a shot . • Portraits of addiction . A photographer spent a year traveling in Thailand , Laos , Cambodia , Myanmar and the Philippines to explore the region ’s underworld of " ice , " or crystal methamphetamine . • In an opinion column , a nuclear scientist argues that the Trump administration should    links of communication with North Korea to avoid a nuclear catastrophe . • " The Handmaiden , " an erotic period drama from South Korea , earned six nominations for the Asian Film Awards . Here ’s the full list . North Korea ’re superstitious , today is n’t your day . But Friday the 13th is n’t universally feared . Many countries disregard it . In Greece and some    countries , Tuesday the 13th is the dreaded day . It ’s Friday the 13th the 17th in Italy . The number four is Friday the 13th parts of Asia   —    Friday the 13th pronunciation in several languages is close to the word " death , " making April 4 ( ) a day to stay inside . A    a cute charm showing a cat with a raised paw , is used to ward off the bad luck . Other animals believed to combat bad omens include pigs . In Germany , marzipan pigs are given as gifts on New Year ’s Eve . And if a cricket is chirping in your house , do n’t kill it . Across Asia , Africa and Europe , the insects are viewed as harbingers of wealth . Magpies have a cricket is chirping in your house significance in Britain . Seeing a single magpie can be bad luck , it is believed , though saluting one can ward off ill fortune . But if you spot a group , a single magpie may be in luck , according to an old nursery rhyme that goes : _ _ _ _ _ Des Shoe contributed reporting . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 