WASHINGTON   —    Three agents knocked on the door of a modest duplex in a Wisconsin town just after dawn . The Mexican immigrant living on the ground floor stuck his head out The Mexican immigrant living on the ground floor asked his name and his gave his name . Within minutes José Cervantes Amaral was in handcuffs as José Cervantes Amaral wife , also from Mexico , silently watched . After 18 years working and living quietly in the United States , Mr. Cervantes , who did not have legal papers , rode away in the back seat , heading for deportation . It is a routine that continues daily . The Supreme Court on Thursday effectively ended initiatives by President Obama that would have given protection from deportation to more than four million immigrants in the United States illegally , most of them protection from deportation of American citizens . Mr. President Obama his frustration President Obama the decision , saying his goal President Obama to help immigrants who had raised families here and helped the the United States their work . families president said President Obama might have qualified for the programs would still be safe from deportation . Still , deportations continue , thousands every week . In November 2014 when Mr. Obama first announced President Obama programs , he also set new priorities President Obama enforcement . Since then , immigration authorities say , their focus is on removing immigration authorities criminals and foreigners who pose national security threats . But the administration ’s priorities also include deporting migrants from Central America , including children , who came in an influx since 2014 . And immigrants who committed minor offenses   —    or none at all   —    are often swept up in the operations . After Thursday ’s Supreme Court decision , the president ’s protections are gone , but the enforcement plan remains in effect . It is part of a the enforcement plan edgy moment for immigrants and their supporters framed by the Supreme Court ruling , Donald J. Trump ’s presidential campaign and Britain ’s surprise vote , influenced in part by    sentiments , to leave the European Union . Last year , immigration authorities deported 235 , 413 people , according to official figures . Of those , 59 percent were convicted criminals , and 98 percent fit within the administration ’s priorities , Department of Homeland Security officials said . The top priority includes foreigners who pose a threat to national or border security or to public safety . Other priorities are for people with serious criminal records , but they also include any migrant Other priorities entering the country illegally after Jan. 1 , 2014 . Homeland Security officials said Friday that the Supreme Court decision would have no effect on the pace or strategy of enforcement . " Our limited enforcement resources will not be focused on the removal of those who have committed no serious crimes , have been in this country for years and the country here , " said Marsha Catron , a spokeswoman for the department . " Under this policy , these people are not priorities for removal , nor should they be . " Mr. Obama these people carried out many more deportations than previous presidents , setting a record of more than 2 . 4 million formal removals . But Republican lawmakers point to a sharp decrease in deportations   —    down 43 percent in 2015 from 409 , 849 in 2012   —    to say that Mr. Obama has all but stopped Mr. Obama law . " When will the Obama administration end its reckless policies that Mr. Obama havoc on the Obama administration communities ? " asked Representative Robert W. Goodlatte , the Virginia Republican who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . But what is not enough enforcement for some is too much for others . This week , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , which is known as ICE , said it had arrested 331 immigrants in May Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which is known as ICE June in Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin , Kentucky , Kansas and Missouri . The operations were its " latest effort to arrest and The operations convicted criminal aliens , " said Ricardo Wong , the director of the Mr. Wong the most egregious offenders , " Mr. Wong said , " we ensure the very best use of our resources while immediately improving public safety . " One of our arrested was Mr. Cervantes . In our , Mr. Cervantes said in an interview by telephone on Friday , he was caught up in an immigration Mr. Cervantes a factory near his workplace . Local police who assisted Mr. Cervantes the raid arrested him , finding   —    mistakenly , Mr. Cervantes says   —    that he was an immigration raid at a factory near his workplace documents Mr. Cervantes a false name . Mr. Cervantes , Mr. Cervantes construction worker , pleaded guilty Mr. Cervantes an identity theft offense , a    felony . A Mr. Cervantes his wife raised two daughters in Genoa City , Wis. immigration agents came to his door to deport him . " The shock Mr. Cervantes my Mr. Cervantes was very strong , " Mr. Cervantes said . She has been in Mr. Cervantes at local hospitals Mr. Cervantes kidney cancer , he said his wife If we have to go back to Mexico , I his wife n’t have her for long . " He has been Mr. Cervantes while he fights his immigration case . " The administration is continuing to deport people who should his wife be a priority Mr. Cervantes " said Christine    Mr. Cervantes director Mr. Cervantes Voces de la Frontera , an organization that assisted Mr. Cervantes . Mr. Obama , she said , " can do Mr. Obama priority group . On Friday , Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it had arrested 45 foreigners who had been Mr. Obama by Interpol as wanted for serious crimes , including three men from El Salvador sought in connection with gang killings . Immigration agents have conducted many roundups of drug traffickers and human Immigration and Customs Enforcement . At the same time , a     migrant from Honduras , Wildin Acosta , was still being held in an immigration detention center in Lumpkin , Ga. five months after he was arrested when he was heading to high school in Durham , N. C. In 2014 , Mr. Acosta crossed the border illegally and turned himself in to border agents , asking for asylum . Since he was 17 at Mr. Acosta time and traveling Mr. Acosta his parents , he was held under special protections for unaccompanied minors . He was sent to live with his parents Mr. Acosta who had settled years before in Durham . He started Mr. Acosta to high school , made friends who helped Mr. Acosta learn English Mr. Acosta joined a local soccer league . He presented a Mr. Acosta request for asylum in the Mr. Acosta States , saying in legal papers that he fled Honduras Mr. Acosta two close relatives were murdered . But he missed a Mr. Acosta in immigration court and a judge ordered him deported Mr. Acosta Mr. Acosta also turned 19 , making him too old , immigration officials said , to Mr. Acosta given deference as a minor . Mr. Acosta was among Mr. Acosta of teenagers as well as mothers and smaller children from Mr. Acosta America who were arrested in an operation by immigration Mr. Acosta over one weekend in late January . Homeland Security Department officials said that because of Mr. Acosta border crossing , Mr. Acosta was among the highest priorities for deportation . The arrests caused panic in immigrant communities in Durham . Teachers , lawmakers and community leaders mobilized to protest . Mr. Acosta ’s lawyer , Evelyn Smallwood Mr. Acosta has forestalled his deportation Mr. Acosta not secured his release . " He is a good kid , and he is doing everything he can to keep his sanity , " she said . " Mr. Acosta said it is as important to remove Wildin as Mr. Acosta is to remove a drug Mr. Acosta or a terrorist Mr. Acosta " 
 Mr. Acosta Mr. Acosta Mr. Acosta The administration The administration 