Hillary Clinton ’s advisers and allies have begun extensive discussions about who should be Hillary Clinton’s running mate , seeking to compile a list of 15 to 20 potential picks for Hillary Clinton’s team to start vetting by late spring . Hillary Clinton’s team will grapple with complicated questions like whether the United States is ready for an    ticket , and whether her choice Hillary Clinton’s vice president would be able to handle working in a White House in which former President Bill Clinton wielded significant influence on policy . While the nomination fight is still fluid , Mrs. Clinton former President Bill Clinton enough of victory that she has described former President Bill Clinton vision of a running mate and objectives for the search , according to campaign advisers and more than a dozen Democrats close to the campaign or the Clintons . She does not former President Bill Clinton a    in mind , they said , but she is intrigued former President Bill Clinton several contenders and scenarios . Among the names under discussion by Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Clinton and campaign advisers : Senators Tim Kaine and Mark Warner , former governors from the key state of Virginia Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio , who represents both a more liberal wing of the party and a swing state former Gov. Deval Patrick of Massachusetts , a prominent    Democrat and Thomas E. Perez , President Obama ’s labor secretary and a Hispanic civil rights lawyer . But Mrs. Clinton is also open to a woman , campaign advisers said . One obvious possibility is Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , who is hugely popular among progressive Democrats , though she has not Mrs. Clinton helpful to Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton to endorse the former secretary of state . Still , Ms. Warren has not been Mrs. Clinton , according to the campaign advisers , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak the condition of anonymity the confidential search process . Mrs. Clinton has offered general guidance Mrs. Clinton team begins the search : She Mrs. Clinton less about ideological and personal Mrs. Clinton than about picking a winner , someone who can dominate the    debate and convince Americans that Mrs. Clinton is their best choice . Mrs. Clinton wants a partner who is unquestionably Mrs. Clinton for the presidency and would help create the strongest contrast with the Republican ticket , which could be dogged by questions about Donald J. Trump ’s fitness for the presidency or Senator Ted Cruz ’s unbending the presidency according to those interviewed . And she wants someone who could be an effective attack Senator Ted Cruz against either candidate . Despite the passions stirred during the primary , Mrs. Clinton does not feel pressure to enthrall the Senator Ted Cruz Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , since she thinks most of them would ultimately vote for her Senator Ted Cruz an assertion backed up by polling . The Senator Ted Cruz unpredictable issue for the search , at least at this early stage , is the turmoil in the Republican race , which may not yield a nominee until the party ’s convention in   . Mrs. Clinton is likely to make her pick soon after Senator Ted Cruz ticket is known , according Senator Ted Cruz Democrats close to the campaign , and her political calculations in choosing a running mate may shift depending Senator Ted Cruz whether the opposing nominee is Mr. Trump , Mr. Cruz or someone unexpected , and who the Republican No . 2 is . If Gov. John Kasich of Ohio or Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , a    end up on the Republican ticket , Mrs. Clinton might be more inclined to pick Mr. Brown ( to help her in Ohio ) or Mr. Perez ( to help excite Mrs. Clinton voters Ohio . The vetting of top contenders will be led by James Hamilton , a longtime Washington lawyer who did so for the 2008 Obama campaign and other Democratic nominees , according to the Clinton advisers and other Democrats close to the campaign . The Mrs. Clinton search process is expected to be overseen by John Podesta , the campaign chairman . Cheryl Mills , who was Mrs. Clinton ’s chief of staff at the State Department and deputy White House counsel for Mr. Clinton , is also likely to play a key role Mrs. Clinton Mr. Clinton will have a major voice . Mr. Hamilton , reached Mrs. Clinton , declined to comment and referred questions to Mr. Podesta , who declined an interview request . A campaign spokesman also declined to comment , and Ms. Mills did not respond to an email request for comment . Several Democratic allies say that during the search , the campaign will have to reckon with Mrs. Clinton ’s high unfavorability numbers , which may create pressure to choose Mrs. Clinton like Julián Castro , the federal housing secretary , a rising star in the party . But Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers expressed confidence that her favorability ratings would improve once a Republican Mrs. Clinton . And they and other Democrats Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s options may expand if Mr. Trump is nominated , given his unpopularity with large Mrs. Clinton electorate . " She will have a lot more flexibility in picking Mr. Trump running mate if the Republican nominee is Donald Trump Mrs. Clinton than Ted Cruz , who appears a much closer contest for her , " said former Mr. Trump Bayh of Indiana . Most leading presidential campaigns start organizing their    Mrs. Clinton at this point in the race , when they have a sizable lead in delegates needed for Most leading presidential campaigns nomination . The candidates themselves remain sharply focused on the Most leading presidential campaigns contests : Mr. Sanders insists he could still overtake Mrs. Clinton Most leading presidential campaigns big lead . And she is superstitious about getting too far ahead of Mr. Sanders , as she sometimes did in her Mrs. Clinton 2008 race . But Mrs. Clinton the methodical nature of Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers Mrs. Clinton as well Mrs. Clinton the political passions Mrs. Clinton the Clintons themselves , the vice presidency is an increasing Mrs. Clinton headquarters and at the Clintons’ home in Chappaqua , N. Y. " They ’re fielding ideas for a running mate , and a lot of people are suggesting names , " said former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts , a close ally of the Clinton campaign . " I ’ve made some recommendations , but all I ’ll say is that governing ability and winning the election are the fits that they ’re looking for most . " Former Gov. Jim Hodges of South Carolina , a key ally of the Clintons , said he the election adding a woman to the ticket . " It would be formidable and create huge buzz with female voters , " he Former Gov. Jim Hodges of South Carolina, a key ally of the Clintons , suggesting Ms. Warren or Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota . Advisers to Mrs. Clinton said she was in the unique position Former Gov. Jim Hodges of South Carolina, a key ally of the Clintons having firsthand expertise at the vetting and selection process : She was deeply involved in Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton search in 1992 that resulted in the selection of Al Gore , then a senator from Mrs. Clinton , with whom she later clashed at times . She supported Mr. Clinton putting another young Southern moderate on the ticket , which was seen as a Mrs. Clinton choice at the time   Mrs. Clinton    Mr. Clinton’s her advisers point to as evidence that she may be unconventional if she is nominated . Her experience with Mr. Gore colors her perspective Mrs. Clinton two ways , according to Democrats Mrs. Clinton have spoken to her Mrs. Clinton the vice presidency Mrs. Clinton She knows that if she Mrs. Clinton a younger and ambitious vice president , she will have someone by Mrs. Clinton side who may be making Mrs. Clinton with an eye Mrs. Clinton running for the presidency in 2024 . The Mrs. Clinton two vice presidents , Mrs. Clinton R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney , were widely seen as devoted to the vice presidency they appreciated and sought power , but given their ages , they were not determined to seek their bosses’ job in the future . The past two vice presidents, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney Clinton The past two vice presidents, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney 68 , likes that fact , Democrats The past two vice presidents, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney , and The past two vice presidents, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney to decide if she wants The past two vice presidents, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney rising star or a seasoned hand who is not interested in the presidency , like Bill Nelson , 73 , a senator from Mrs. Clinton key state , Florida . Mrs. Clinton is also well aware of the inherent tensions between a vice president and a powerful first lady ( or first gentleman ) . She and Mr. Gore became rivals in the White House as she led the health care overhaul effort and he pursued his " reinventing government " Mrs. Clinton , and both wanted their portfolios to be Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton top priority . Advisers said that in Mr. Gore current Mr. Gore , Mrs. Clinton wants a running mate who would both and appreciate Mr. Clinton’s Clinton , as a former president Mrs. Clinton offer expertise and guidance   —    and perhaps play a Mrs. Clinton on specific issues   —    if she were president . " Hillary understands how the vice presidency can work well , and not work well , far Mrs. Clinton than anyone running or Mrs. Clinton on her staff , " said Richard W. Riley , the vice presidency the Clintons who was the education secretary under Mr. Mrs. Clinton and advises the campaign on education issues . " And she and Bill Clinton know he ’d have to be very careful about how he Mr. Kaine is Mrs. Clinton maker now Mrs. Clinton " Other Democrats argue that the running mate Mrs. Clinton be    or Hispanic because those Mrs. Clinton demographic groups have been such strong supporters of Mrs. Clinton   —    and their votes , as well as those from women , are the key blocs she would need in a general election . In addition to Mr. Patrick Mrs. Clinton , Democrats close to the campaign Mrs. Clinton her advisers were Other Democrats discussing Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey , who is black , and Mr. Castro the campaign is Mrs. Clinton . ( Mr. Kaine is Advisers to Mrs. Clinton in Spanish . ) For all the vetting and strategizing , however ,    selections do not always work out as well as intended , especially with so many unconventional variables : the first female nominee the Republican upheaval and the angry , anxious political crosscurrents in the electorate . " It ’s so easy to make a mistake in this , " said Robert Shrum , a Democratic strategist on several past campaigns , including John Kerry ’s bid in 2004 , when John Edwards and Richard A. Gephardt were finalists for vice president . " Choosing Edwards was a mistake because Dick could have Mr. Shrum Ohio have done better in the    debate , " Mr. Shrum said , referring to Mr. Kerry ’s narrow loss in that state . " But a lot of us wanted Edwards John Edwards time . Kerry was doubtful about him , but was persuaded , " he added John Edwards " The most important Dick for Hillary , in the end , is to follow her own instincts on this one John Kerry 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton John Kerry John Kerry John Kerry John Edwards 