Actress Kirstie Alley lambasted President Obama on Friday for golfing during President Obama annual vacation in Martha ’s Vineyard this week , while thousands of displaced Louisiana residents continued to languish from the devastation wrought by deadly flooding that has rocked Louisiana . [ Actress Kirstie Alley linked to a video of President Obama criticizing President Bush in 2008 for looking at " people from the window of an airplane , " after Hurricane Katrina .   " Or on a golf course in Martha ’s Vineyard instead of in Louisiana ? " the former Cheers star tweeted . Or on a golf course in Martha Martha’s Vineyard in Louisiana ? pic . Louisiana .    —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) August 19 , 2016 ,   Moments later , Alley said her initial tweet , critical of Obama , had started a " firestorm . " " Whoa that set off a firestorm ! There are many ways to skin a cat if the desire is there . Many roads lead to Rome , " the actress tweeted . Whoa that set off a firestorm ! There are many ways to skin a cat if the desire is there the desire is there to Rome ,   —    Kirstie Alley Rome @kirstiealley ) August 19 , 2016 ,   After another social media user told Alley that " [ Louisiana ] Gov. Edwards said on MSNBC , he advised Obama not to go so Gov. Edwards to divert resources , " the actress fired back . " Would n’t stop me if I was Pres . .I’d slip in the back door . .someway . .or possibly do an on air PLEA . " Would n’t stop me if I was Pres . .I’d slip in I was Pres . .someway . .or slip in the back door PLEA the back door .    —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) August 19 , 2016 ,   The actress continued : " My point the actress .Do u think USA wants to C him playing golf while Louisiana is 20 feet under water   people R dying ? , " she wrote . " I thought Bush waited the actress long also ! I was in Katrina on day 5   I ’m just a gorgeous actress : ) THEY needed HELP ! I did n’t need an invitation . " My point is . .Do u think USA wants to C him playing golf while Louisiana is 20 feet under water   people USA dying ?   him :   . Louisiana —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) August 19 , 2016 ,   I thought Bush waited too long also ! I was in Katrina on day 5   I ’m just a gorgeous actress : ) THEY needed HELP ! I did n’t need an invitation ,   —    Kirstie Alley ( @kirstiealley ) August 19 , 2016 ,   As Breitbart News reported , President Obama spent time during his annual Martha ’s Vineyard vacation golfing with Seinfeld    and Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry President Obama on Thursday . Meanwhile , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was in Louisiana on Friday to meet with flood victims and hand out food and supplies . Obama received heavy criticism from Trump as well as from local paper the Baton Rouge Advocate President Obama which penned an editorial Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on President Obama to cut his annual summer vacation short to meet with victims of the flood President Obama the Red Cross President Obama called the greatest natural disaster in the U. S. since 2012 ’s Hurricane Sandy . " Sometimes , presidential visits can get in the way of emergency response , doing more harm than good . But we do n’t see that as a factor now that flood waters are subsiding , even if at an agonizing pace . It ’s past time for the president to pay a personal visit , showing his solidarity with suffering Americans , " the paper ’s editorial board wrote . President Obama has the president said he will visit Louisiana on Tuesday . His    Martha ’s Vineyard vacation was scheduled to conclude President Obama Sunday . Since August 12 , President Obama 40 , 000 homes in southeastern Louisiana have been damaged or destroyed by widespread flooding . At least 11 people have died Louisiana Louisiana as 10 , 000 have been displaced , according to the National Weather Service . On August 14 , President Obama declared a state of emergency in Louisiana .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : President Obama Louisiana 