  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s reshuffling of Donald Trump staff this week portends a risky pivot : a      effort where no tactic for taking down Hillary Clinton will be off limits .   Hillary Clinton plummeting poll numbers suggest that Hillary Clinton is cruising toward defeat in November unless Hillary Clinton is able to drastically change course . But it is unclear how recent leadership changes will help Trump reverse Trump core problems : Trump murky message , Trump scattershot ground game , and Trump unwillingness to appeal to a broader group of voters . Instead , Trump ’s restructuring of Trump campaign ushered in leaders who are practiced in the dark arts of politics , unafraid to dabble in    conspiracy theories about Clinton ’s health , Clinton marriage , and allegations that Clinton has mistreated women .   Trump ’s    spiral , Those kinds of stories have been a specialty of Steve Bannon , the executive chairman of the    site Breitbart News , who is now the Trump Trump ’s Steve Bannon to the team was a surprising twist that befuddled many Republicans Wednesday , given his lack Steve Bannon experience running campaigns . Trump ’s former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski likened Bannon to Steve Bannon a street fighter . "   Will Ritter , a Republican political operative in Virginia who is n’t supporting Trump , offered a biting assessment : Trump Another guy is going to ride the psychotic horse into a burning stable . " The addition of Bannon came Steve Bannon the same week reports surfaced disgraced Fox News executive Roger Ailes is serving as an informal debate adviser to Trump . Ailes recently stepped down from Trump amid Fox News executive Roger Ailes swirl of sexual harassment Fox News executive Roger Ailes and accusations that he used his power to spy on Fox News executive Roger Ailes . Fox News executive Roger Ailes elevation of Kellyanne Conway , a respected Republican pollster , to campaign manager , spoke to Trump ’s desire for more people around Trump he trusts at a time when Fox News executive Roger Ailes campaign Fox News executive Roger Ailes flailing . Conway ’s new Fox News executive Roger Ailes was welcomed by some Fox News executive Roger Ailes operatives , who hope she can help Trump fashion a more succinct Fox News executive Roger Ailes to improve Trump standing among    whites , particularly independents Fox News executive Roger Ailes women .   " The only thing I care about is the Trump team making this a referendum on Hillary Trump ’s record and getting the country back on track , " said Henry Barbour , a GOP strategist who has long been involved in helping to shape the message of the Republican Party . " If the new campaign leadership can do that , I am all for the change . " Neil Newhouse , a veteran Republican pollster , Newhouse " he is not able to stay on a message     he diverts , he Trump’s and does n’t have the discipline to stay on Trump’s message . Trump’s " I think Kellyanne ’s presence may help him do that , " said Newhouse . " Regardless of what that message Trump’s , she can help him be more direct , more consistent , and I think Newhouse ’s what Trump’s needs right now . "   Campaign officials framed the staff changes as Trump’s typical expansion of the team weeks before early voting begins . But Trump ’s reshuffling signaled how he has chafed under the guidance of Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort , one of Trump few people around the real estate mogul who was unafraid to confront him about the shortcomings of his candidacy . One source told CNN ’s Sara Trump that Trump ’s overall Trump is that he still has a chance to win , Trump’s he loses he wants Trump lose his way , running the kind of campaign Trump he Trump to run . Trump approach would mean more big rallies , freewheeling Trump on TV , and a streamlined focus on battleground states .   While building Trump ’s political team into a functioning campaign , Manafort was brought on to Trump to steady Trump and turn him into a more polished , disciplined candidate . Meet the Trump tapped to Trump save Trump ’s campaign , But Trump has exhibited obvious discomfort with that strategy as Trump lurched from    speeches Trump to his volatile tangents and slashing personal attacks Trump In a memo to staff on Wednesday Trump Manafort said the staff changes marked an exciting day for the campaign     a new delegation of duties that would allow the team to expand their breadth and messaging capacity at a time when they are beginning to air television ads the team key states .     Manafort said he would the team to focus on " the big picture ,    campaign vision Manafort " Manafort , he said , would bring " a       leadership approach to the CEO position that ’s Manafort of our leader , Mr. Trump . " Conway , who will now travel extensively with Trump , will help guide messaging , Manfort Conway to sharpen the message . We ’re going to make sure Donald Trump is comfortable about being in his own skin , that he does n’t lose that authenticity we you simply ca n’t buy Trump pollster ca n’t give you , Trump Conway told CNN ’s Trump Camerota Thursday on " New Day . " " Voters know if you ’re comfortable in your own skin . Let him be him in this sense . " She also noted that while polling currently shows Trump trailing , it ’s actually something that ’s Trump . Trump I think it helps us to be a little bit behind , and we are . It lights a fire under us , and reminds us what it need to do to get this done , " she us . Trump it new campaign manager also us a focus on us issues us help her candidate . " The idea we have She more in Trump , millions more out of work , the idea that people feel unsafe She that they feel less and Trump safe now , those are the issues we need to address , " Conway said . But with Bannon at people helm , Democrats are now bracing for a far more personal onslaught against Clinton this fall . It ’s a risky approach , however , given that Clinton ’s standing among voters has sometimes improved when she is perceived as the victim of attacks . Robby Mook , Clinton ’s campaign manager Clinton told reporters during a Wednesday conference call that Clinton Democrat is expecting more divisive rhetoric from the new team . Clinton Bannon : The " street fighter " who ’s now running Donald Trump ’s campaign   " After several failed attempts to pivot into a more serious and presidential mode , Donald Trump has decided to double down on his most small , nasty and divisive instincts by turning his campaign over to someone who is Donald Trump for running a    news site , Donald Trump he said referring to Bannon ’s oversight of Breitbart Donald Trump , " that peddles divisive , at times racist ,      conspiracy theories . " " Donald Trump ’s become Steve Bannon this is no matter how much the establishment wants to clean Donald Trump up , get him on a teleprompter and get him on message , he has officially won the fight to let Trump be Trump , Donald Trump said .    Manafort Donald Trump in his memo , insisted Donald Trump campaign is in Donald Trump strong position to win . But the Donald Trump poll Donald Trump do not breed confidence in a Trump victory . Manafort He does not just have a swing state problem , he has a national problem , " said Newhouse . " Trump is not Donald Trump enough in the Manafort states to target them and make a difference right Manafort . He ’s got to move his numbers nationally before Trump key swing states come in play . "   " Trump only thing that ’s leaving hope right Manafort that Trump can turn Manafort around is Hillary Clinton ’s popularity , " he added . " If Trump is able to build on that , then potentially there is a path . " 
 Manafort Trump 