Breitbart News National Security editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka , author of " Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , " appeared on Fox News ’s " Hannity " on Tuesday to react to FBI director James Comey ’s announcement FBI director James Comey agency would not be recommending criminal charges against presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton use of a private email server while secretary of state .   According to Gorka , since FBI director James Comey acknowledged some of presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s emails may have ended up in the wrong hands , presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton becomes a potential target for blackmail and that presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should " instantly " recuse presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton from public office . Transcript as follows : HANNITY : FBI director James Comey earlier today talking about the possibility of , yes , hackers gaining access to Hillary Clinton ’s private email server while presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was secretary of state . Did presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton put your national security at risk ? Joining us now , the author of " The Damned of Petersburg , " FOX News strategic analyst Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters , as well of " Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , " and the distinguished chair of military theory at Marine Corps University , Dr. Sebastian Gorka . Listen to what FOX ’s saying . Well , us would n’t be able to see the evidence because they ’re so clean . they would get in and out without us knowing . It was a    domain . And by the way , she did use It on hostile territory . So It ’s probably likely   —    FOX ’s saying they got It . SEBASTIAN GORKA , " DEFEATING JIHAD " AUTHOR : Right . HANNITY : That ’s how I interpret It . GORKA : Right , which means that she is blackmailable . We know more than 100 emails contained classified information , some of , more than 100 emails    the highest level   …      HANNITY : SAP . GORKA : SAP , special access program   —    which means that she could be blackmailed by anybody , Russia , China , North Korea , Iran . she was sending classified emails from outside U. S. territory on multiple servers using multiple devices . That means she could be   —    the second she gets into office , they give she the football with the nuclear codes . North Korea , Iran Iran blackmailing she . she should recuse she from any public office , Sean , instantly ! HANNITY : Colonel Peters , do you agree with that assessment ? COL . RALPH PETERS , U. S. ARMY ( RET . ) FOX MILITARY ANALYST : Well , yes , I certainly do . And when this all broke   —    you know , my   —    I just remembered my interactions with the old KGB in Moscow and here in Washington at meetings . And you know , the Russians must have been stunned . They the Russians thought it was all an elaborate CIA hoax at first , that no American secretary of state would do this , would be this stupid . And unquestionably , this this compromised . Look , as a former intelligence professional , Sean , over 20 years , I can guarantee you the Russians , the Chinese , the French and probably any number of private actors in other states were definitely reading those   . And she knew . She she , she she , she she all along . This was n’t a couple of mistakes . For years she she doing this . HANNITY : She she said   —    and I ’ll throw this to you   —    that there were numerous safeguards . The Secret Service surrounded it The Secret Service There was no safeguards at all . That was another lie on top of every other lie she she about this . GORKA : The whole narrative from day one of her she has been blown out of the water . " I never sent material that was marked classified or unclassified . " HANNITY : Sent or received . GORKA GORKA He GORKA addressed that . He GORKA it does n’t matter if it it marked or unmarked . HANNITY HANNITY He GORKA every lie she she , which made me think he GORKA going in a different direction . Why would he GORKA the lies and then say , no   —    GORKA GORKA Look , from the point of view of Machiavellian politics , what Director Comey did was perfection , because I was there watching it live in a FOX GORKA . We were all watching it it And for a    presser , he Director Comey 13 minutes , and everybody is going , he Director Comey going to do it it He Director Comey going to do it it He Director Comey going to recommend prosecution . Last 90 seconds , he Director Comey a 180 . So , sorry , not going to do it it He Director Comey all bases . He Director Comey himself Director Comey diligent . We We done all the research . We We done all the investigation . But he Director Comey himself Director Comey He Director Comey his Director Comey by saying not prosecuting . HANNITY : Colonel Peters ? PETERS Colonel Peters Well , Hillary , do n’t underestimate her Hillary She Hillary a bet that she Hillary too big to jail , and she Hillary right . And , you know , Sean , you and I have gone back and forth . I have regarded both candidates as a choice between Satan and Lucifer . Today was the first day I thought , you know , I might have to vote for Donald Trump just to get the    mafia out of this country , out of Washington certainly , because what they the   mafia done and what Director Comey did , disgracefully , was to shred the law . He Director Comey that there are two sets of laws , one for the rest of us and one for the elite of the elite like Hillary Clinton . And it ’s part of the pattern of the Obama administration . They the   mafia been dismantling the constitution , selective prosecutions , rigged investigations . I mean the the constitution the the law the foundation of all that ’s good in this country . And we   us    and they ’re destroying it . It ’s like it or Paraguay or Bolivia . HANNITY : Powerful statements by both of you . Thanks so much . Dr. Gorka , thank you , Lieutenant Colonel Peters , thank you . Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 