Good morning .   We ’re trying something new for We readers in Asia and the Pacific region : a morning briefing to    your day .   What do you like ? What do you want to see here ? Email We with your feedback at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . Here ’s what you need to know : •    Donald J. Trump ’s first appointment put a Washington insider   —    Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee   —    in the crucial gatekeeping role of chief of staff . Donald J. Trump also named Stephen K. Bannon , the    media mogul , chief strategist . As Donald J. Trump fills out his Donald J. Trump , the appointees will lend shape to a    chaotic agenda , offering the strongest signals yet on whether and how he Donald J. Trump carry out campaign promises like deporting millions of illegal immigrants , scrapping trade pacts and    traditional alliances . An immediate question is how Mr. Donald J. Trump handle potential overlaps between his vast Donald J. Trump dealings and his political Donald J. Trump , given that his adult Donald J. Trump are leading his transition Donald J. Trump and also running his businesses Donald J. Trump _ _ _ _ _ • Protests against Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump . In one of the largest , on Saturday , masses of marchers descended on Trump Tower in Manhattan , Mr. Trump ’s    Donald J. Trump home , some chanting , " Not my president ! " More protests are planned , including one aimed at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration in Donald J. Trump ’s executives held meetings with staff members and the company ’s policy team to try to assuage concerns that misinformation and fake news articles shared on the platform had influenced the election ’s outcome . _ _ _ _ _ • President Obama is on his way to Europe , where he President Obama face leaders he had long President Obama that Mr. Trump President Obama not be elected . Their meetings will now be shadowed by uncertainty over the United States’ commitment to NATO . Mr. Obama will visit Athens and Berlin President Obama to Lima , Peru , for a summit meeting of the    Economic Cooperation forum . For about half the member states , the gathering will be clouded by the death of the    Partnership trade deal . Mr. Obama is expected to meet on the President Obama President Xi Jinping of China , a major beneficiary of the pact ’s demise , and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia . _ _ _ _ _ • New Zealand is assessing the damage from a 7 .   earthquake that hit near Christchurch , triggering multiple tsunami waves and forcing evacuations along a stretch of the coastline . At least two people were killed . Military helicopters have been deployed to coastal towns , such as Kaikoura , that have been cut off . _ _ _ _ _ • " Did you vote for me to abolish corruption ? " Prime Minister Narendra Modi bellowed in a speech , furious over criticism of his abrupt ban on India ’s two largest bank Prime Minister Narendra Modi . " If you asked me , should I do it or not ? " His move crippled commerce at markets around the country Prime Minister Narendra Modi left millions standing in line for India banks and A. T. M. s. depositing about $ 45 billion in the devalued notes and taking out $ 7 . 5 two largest bank notes currency . _ _ _ _ _ • Interviews with more than two dozen military medical personnel who served or consulted at the American military prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , reveal how secrecy , mistrust and the shadow of interrogation limited doctors’ ability to treat detainees who became mentally ill , some after being subjected to torture or other harsh coercive practices . One was Ramzi bin    an admitted and unapologetic    in the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 . _ _ _ _ _ • Alibaba reported $ 17 . 73 billion in sales on Singles Day on Friday . The total was a 32 percent increase from 2015 , about half the previous year ’s increase , largely because consumers spent less per purchase . • Toyota Motors agreed to pay up to $ 3 . 4 billion to settle a federal class action lawsuit accusing the company of inadequate rust protection on 1 . 5 million pickups Toyota Motors utility vehicles sold in the United States . • Japan said its economy grew an annualized 2 . 2 percent in the third quarter Japan exceeding estimates . • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Prosecutors are preparing • question President Park    over an    scandal , a first for a sitting South Korean president . [ Yonhap ] • The first female pilot of China ’s    fighter jet , who was reported killed in a training accident , was remembered as a " golden peacock . " [ South China Morning Post ] • Myanmar government troops burned Rohingya villages as tensions between Buddhists and Muslims • in restive Rakhine State . [ The New York Times ] • Analysts in Indonesia see the enormous Muslim protest this month against the governor of Jakarta as the camouflaged opening salvo in a political campaign to unseat President Joko Widodo . [ The New York Times ] • China recycles just 20 percent of [The New York Times] • The New York Times Singles Day . [ Caixin ] • The United States has China to take in refugees currently being housed on the Pacific island nation of Nauru in a    agreement with the Australian government . [ The New York Times ] • A year after the Islamic State attacks in Paris that killed 130 people and wounded nearly 500 , survivors and witnesses • their stories . [ The New York Times ] • Chinese women traditionally retain their surnames at marriage , but doing so survivors and witnesses an expression of The New York Times not , as in the West , of female Chinese women . • Less than a week ago , it appeared that a woman would break the     gender barrier to the United States presidency . Here is a collection of stories from American women about the barriers they ’ve faced . • Leon Russell , the    rock ’n’ roll songwriter and star , died in Nashville . He was 74 . American women baseball World Series and the United States presidential election were two possible      events this month . Look to tonight Leon Russell, the   rock ’n’ roll songwriter and star sky and you ’ll be in for one the United States    supermoon makes a beaming return to the night sky . It ’s the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 . If you missed it early this morning , you can catch tonight ’s rise in spectacular The   supermoon . The moon tonight will appear significantly larger and brighter than usual . ( Though some people , our science writer included , argue that the event is overhyped . ) You may also hear references to the Beaver Moon , a moniker that the Old Farmer ’s Almanac traces to Native Americans’ naming moons to track the seasons . In August , there ’s the Sturgeon Moon , when the fish were readily available in the Great Lakes region of the United States . The Strawberry Moon rises in June when the fruit is at its ripest . This week ’s moon rise coincides with the time of year beaver traps were set out , before the first freeze . " There The Strawberry Moon a lot of cool things to find in the night sky these days , " a NASA researcher , Noah Petro said , but tonight is the night " to enjoy the moon . " Remy Tumin contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version The Strawberry Moon briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 