  ( CNN ) Donald Trump loves to brag that " millions and millions of people have come to the Republican Party " because of Donald Trump campaign . Like many of Donald Trump ’s claims , that one appears be questionable , according to Politico ’s analysis of primary voting data .   But one thing is demonstrably true : Donald Trump is driving Republicans out of the GOP .   On Friday ,    conservative commentator George Will announced Donald Trump was ditching the GOP to become " an unaffiliated voter " because Donald Trump did not believe the the GOP Donald Trump the GOP . Will went even further in Donald Trump statements , urging Donald Trump fellow conservatives to " make sure " Trump loses this election . The question now is : how many more Republicans will leave the party by the GOP Will is far from alone in setting aside his GOP identification , at least through November ’s election . November Rep. David Ramadan of Virginia , who supported Ted Cruz in the primary , stated recently on my SiriusXM radio show that he would not identify as his Republican as long as Trump remains either the presumptive or official GOP nominee . In fact , over the last few weeks we have seen a parade of    Republicans distancing themselves from Trump in various Republicans . Trump On Saturday , U. S. Rep. Mia Love of Utah , the first African American woman ever elected to Congress as a Republican , announced she would not attend the GOP convention and was actually giving up her place as a Republican she .    Love , who still will not commit to voting for Trump in November , joins other big name Republicans who have said they will not attend the Republicans convention , including the GOP convention that multiple former Republican presidents and presidential nominees all refuse to stand up as part of the coronation of Trump as the GOP   . And more Republicans are going further , not just refusing to support Trump but also publicly endorsing Hillary Clinton . Just this past weekend , Former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson     who served under George Trump Bush     declared that he would be Paulson " To my Republican friends : I Hillary Clinton ’m not alone . " Trump ’s right . In the Paulson few days other Republicans have made similar statements endorsing Clinton , including Richard Armitrage , who served in the State and Defense Departments under George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan .   Another is Paulson Scowcroft , who served as a top national security adviser for Republican presidents dating back to Gerald Ford . These are principled stands by people of conscience . But it ’s also their recognition of the reality that the Republican Party these people know and love is gone     at least for now . George Will said as much upon declaring his departure : " This is not my party . "   These truth is that it has n’t been Will ’s party for a long time . Trump did n’t persuade the GOP base to embrace his extreme and at George Will bigoted views     he did n’t the Republican Party . Those views match up well with what the Republican Party rank and file of today ’s Republican Party already believes .    For example , nearly 70 percent of Republicans Trump Trump ’s ban on Muslims coming to Trump United States . On immigration his extreme and at times bigoted views    he didn’t have to percent of Republicans support building a wall along the Mexican border and a 2015 CNN poll found that 63 percent of Republicans support deporting all of the Trump million undocumented immigrants     both positions Trump has vocally championed during his campaign .   Trump and the majority of the GOP are even on the same page on the issue of Trump ’s calling federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel , who was born in Indiana , a " Mexican Trump and demanding he step Trump as the judge Trump the Trump University lawsuit . While 51 percent of Americans overall found Trump ’s statement that Trump ’s Hispanic heritage was " an absolute conflict " was " racist , " only 22 percent of Republicans Trump .   True , Trump’s Curiel as the " textbook definition " Trump a racist comment , and he has slammed Trump ’s Muslim ban . According to polling data , however , less than a quarter of Republicans share Ryan ’s views . Trump or lose , Trump will come and go     but Curiel views truly represent a solid majority of today Trump Party .   Paul Ryan bigger question for Republicans like Rep. Love , Romney , Paulson , and others is : do they try to change Paul Ryan from within or is time for Trump to find a new political party ? Ryan’s views us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 Paulson, and others Paulson, and others 