( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Mayhem in the heart of London . A lone assailant plowed a vehicle into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge , killing two and injuring 40 others , before crashing into a railing . One of the injured later died at a hospital . A lone assailant then left a vehicle and fatally stabbed a police officer outside Parliament , before he a police officer shot and killed . The police are investigating it a vehicle a terrorist attack . The attacker ’s identity has not been released , but Scotland Yard officials said they Scotland Yard officials they Scotland Yard officials who he The attacker . Here ’s a quick rundown of what we know   —    and what we we n’t know   —    about the chaotic episode , which came on the anniversary of the Brussels Airport and subway attack . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Republican governors are rebelling against the deep cuts to domestic programs in President Trump ’s proposed budget . They Republican governors most concerned about cuts to job training and economic revitalization programs , and to grants from the Department of Housing and Urban Development . The President Trump’s proposed budget calls for a $ 54 billion increase in military spending , though the U. S. already spends far more than any other country on defense . Here ’s a breakdown of the military ’s current size , equipment and funding . Above , Joseph Dunford , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , testified about the budget President Trump’s proposed budget _ _ _ _ 3 . House Republicans face an excruciating choice tomorrow . A yea vote on the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act risks havoc for voters in their districts . Voting nay risks the voters of the president . We ’re keeping tabs on the expected votes here . If the bill goes to the Senate , the bill last months . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The confirmation hearing for Judge Neil Gorsuch , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , continued on Capitol Hill . Republicans lobbed softball questions on topics like mutton busting and Horse v. Duck , but Democrats grilled him   —    to little avail   —    about issues like his role in approving harsh interrogation techniques as him lawyer for President George W. Bush . " You have been very much able to avoid any specificity like no one I have seen before , " Senator Dianne Feinstein told him . _ _ _ _ _ 5 Senator Dianne Feinstein The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee suggested that U. S. intelligence agencies monitoring foreign officials may have " incidentally " picked up communications of Trump transition team members . The statement by Representative Devin Nunes of California , above , by no means indicates that Mr. Trump himself was under direct surveillance . But the White House spokesman , Sean Spicer , seized on it as " startling information , " and Mr. Trump himself was under direct surveillance Trump said he felt " somewhat " Mr. Trump himself Social science Mr. Trump himself suggests that Mr. Trump ’s insistence that he was wiretapped , Mr. Trump himself lack of evidence , Mr. Trump himself part of a pattern that plays well in a highly partisan environment . _ _ _ _ _   6 . An airstrike by the    coalition against the Islamic State killed 30 civilians in a rural area of northern Syria , according to local reports . It was the second time in a week that Syrians accused the U. S. of killing civilians with airstrikes , raising concerns that the military has become less careful , or less selective , in its targeting under Mr. Trump . Above , burning tires the military disrupt warplanes in Aleppo Province . _ _ _ _ _   7 . " I ca n’t imagine something that was more of a nightmare . " So says a lawyer for an Army veteran , Elliott Williams , who died in an Oklahoma jail cell in 2011 . A jury awarded his family $ 10 . 5 million this week . Immobilized by a broken neck , Mr. Williams , 37 , spent his last days lying on the floor of his cell , unable to reach the food and water his nearby by guards who did not believe his claim that he was injured . The cell ’s his monitor captured his hours of his suffering and death . _ _ _ _ _ his . Spurred by the presidential election , more women are running for local elected office , from school boards to town councils to state legislatures , including Lacey Rzeszowski , above . " It ’s happening all around the country , " said an expert . " Women are looking for a way to have a voice . " In related news , a consumer research group says sales of art supplies were up in January , thanks to protest signs . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A scholarly sting operation is shedding light on sketchy academic journals . A fake applicant whose name meant " fraudster " in Polish applied to 360 " " journals , listing fake degrees and publications , asking to be an editor .    of them accepted her   —    and four made her editor in    . _ _ _ _ _    . Lovelorn men in India are trying a new strategy : calling numbers at random until they hear a woman ’s voice . Intentionally dialing wrong Lovelorn men in India is a    way to find romance , but it ’s a popular move in places where traditional gender a   way to find romance has collided    with cheap new technologies . Reports of phone stalking and harassment have increased   —    a police call center above logs such complaints . But an unknown number of phone Romeos end up in successful "   relationships . " _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , on TV tonight , the new drama " Shots Fired " follows the spring premiere of " Empire " on Fox . Our critic says " Shots Fired , " above , about police shootings in a North Carolina town , shows " a broad curiosity , one that hears every character out but does n’t confuse empathy with   . " And Jimmy Kimmel asked Dave Chappelle why , after 13 years , he decided to release not just one new comedy special Dave Chappelle but two . Mr. Chappelle : " Money . " Have a great night . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Your Evening Briefing Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 