Musician John Legend attempted to put Donald Trump ’s popularity in historical perspective in an interview Tuesday , appearing to compare those who support the presumptive GOP presidential nominee to people in the 19th century who allowed slavery to continue without realizing it was an evil practice . [ " We ’re in a moment now where We have a major candidate for office that is being very racist and divisive , " Legend told Variety at the publication ’s TV Summit in Beverly Hills on Tuesday . " I feel the need to call that out all the time because I do n’t want We to feel like it ’s impossible for We nation to go back to another dark place . "   The    Grammy Award winner , a staunch backer of Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton , was at the event to discuss the WGN television series Underground , which centers on a group of slaves who escape a Georgia plantation via the Underground Railroad . Legend is an executive producer on the series . " We , as a nation , ca n’t go back to a dark place , and it could happen if We let the wrong person into office and impose the wrong regime on this country , " Legend told Variety . " I ’m sure people in the 1800s did n’t think people in the 1800s were evil people , but people in the 1800s allowed an evil institution to last for quite a long time . " " We , as people who believe in equality and diversity and believe that every human being in this life matters , we need to be vigilant in making sure that we do n’t elect leaders who are contradicting that belief , " The musician added . Legend , a big fan and personal friend of President Obama , has repeatedly attacked Trump this election season with charges of racism . The musician rarely shies away from expressing The musician political opinions most recently , The musician called on the Democrat Party to end the Democrat Party use of the superdelegate system in party primary elections . Earlier this month , The musician joined Christina Aguilera and Stevie Wonder in Los Angeles for an    concert fundraiser for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 