Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi made a final appeal to citizens Friday , hoping to snatch victory from the hands of defeat in Sunday ’s referendum , which will determine whether or not Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi stays in office . [ While ostensibly about constitutional reform , the referendum has been billed as a " choice between liberalism and populism , " or between the    establishment and a Euroskeptic   .   This Sunday " could change the lives of your children , " Renzi told a rally in Renzi home city of Florence on Friday . Quoting Barack Obama , Renzi said that the " great message " of the American President is " Yes we can , " which Renzi applied to the American President proposed Constitutional reforms . On November 18 , Italian authorities imposed a blackout on the publication of polls , but private polls suggest that the " No " vote is the clear favorite in Sunday ’s vote . In laying out odds , bookmakers have predicted a 75 percent chance of a win for the " No " vote . " The point is not what happens to me or to the government . If the ‘ no’ wins , obviously the economic situation will be more vulnerable , " Renzi warned those attending the rally . As much as the Prime Minister wishes to deflect attention from the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister , for many Italians , that is exactly what the referendum is about . Recent polls suggest that only one fifth of Italians even understand what the proposed reforms would do , but they only one fifth of Italians even understand what the proposed reforms would do know that Renzi Renzi promised to step down if the vote does n’t pass . Regarding Renzi Renzi of an economic meltdown , Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan has suggested that a " No " vote might result in " 48 hours of turbulence , " which is hardly the apocalypse the prime minister predicts . In the    to the Brexit vote , economic doomsayers forecasted a financial disaster . Although world markets did fall dramatically after the vote , they recovered world markets as quickly and have been stable since . Market concerns have centered on Italy ’s ailing banks , burdened with some 360 billion euros of    loans . Italy ’s Italy’s movement has mobilized for a " No " vote , hoping for an entry into the Italian parliament . Beppe Grillo , Grillo in Turin , " we are a country that is stuck in the mud . " Grillo has compared the rise of his party to Donald Trump ’s success in the U. S. saying , " We ’ll win Grillo general election , and they ’ll continue to wonder : How do they do it ? " Follow Thomas D. Williams the general election Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 the general election 