GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is changing up GOP frontrunner Donald Trump campaign style as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump moves from Iowa to New Hampshire on Thursday , ahead of the New Hampshire primary next Tuesday . [ GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is holding question and answer segments instead of only delivering speeches at rallies and also making small campaign stops in addition to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump packed campaign rallies .   " This is really crunch time    …      this This going to lead to one of the most important presidential elections    …      in many , many decades , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the audience at a rally in Exeter , New Hampshire on Thursday afternoon . After delivering GOP frontrunner Donald Trump remarks , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took questions from the audience   —    a much different style from the way GOP frontrunner Donald Trump campaigned in Iowa , where GOP frontrunner Donald Trump placed second to Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . One audience member from southern California questioned GOP frontrunner Donald Trump about illegal immigrants doing work for a lot less . " Who told you to be here Bernie ? " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said to the individual . " I understand your question . " Someone then shouted from the audience that illegal immigrants were the backbone of America . " I do n’t think so   —    they illegal immigrants not the the backbone of America " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump countered , referencing illegal immigrants . " People that came here and they illegal immigrants here legally . People that came to this country legally and they illegal immigrants their illegal immigrants off    …      that ’s the backbone ! " Another question was asked about social security , and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump vowed to save it , social security another person asked about defunding sanctuary cities . " There will be no more sanctuary cities , " under GOP frontrunner Donald Trump presidency , the real estate mogul said . Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump blasted anchor babies , pointing to how many tax dollars go toward anchor babies born in the United States . The audience had a mixed reaction to Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump an anchor baby in Canada , referencing his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Ted Cruz , who was born in Canada to a Canada S. citizen . Following the rally , Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump meeting with local New Hampshire business owners and participating in a shift change at the Manchester , New Hampshire Police Department . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump also holding another campaign rally Thursday night in Portsmouth , New Hampshire . New Hampshire 