Former Boston Red Sox and Montreal Expos pitcher Bill " Spaceman " Lee has decided to take pitcher Bill "Spaceman" Lee offbeat ,    ideas to the race for Vermont governor . [ Lee , who once threatened to " Van Gogh " an umpire ’s ear , praised Mao ’s China , and spoke repeatedly about Mao marijuana use , runs for the Mountain State ’s top job as a member of the Liberty Union Party , the same party    socialist Bernie Sanders ran for Mayor of Burlington under in the 1970s .   Despite all socialist Bernie Sanders far left views , in a recent interview the     Lee described socialist Bernie Sanders as a " a pragmatic , conservative , forward thinker . " socialist Bernie Sanders claim of conservatism aside , the    Lee is running on a platform of      healthcare , a regime of high taxes on " the rich , " and the legalization and taxation of marijuana . socialist Bernie Sanders also insists socialist Bernie Sanders ’ll bring the Expos back to Montreal . On socialist Bernie Sanders plan for confiscatory tax rates , the    Lee says as governor socialist Bernie Sanders ’d be even farther to the left than Bernie Sanders . " You get what you pay for , if you want change , you vote for Bernie Sanders or me . I ’m    I ’m not   . My ideas were before Bernie . If you want to see money come down from the 2 percent , we ’re going to need umbrellas when I ’m elected , because it ’s going to be raining dollars , " the lefty pitching in the most games in Red Sox history said . The outspoken former Major League ballplayer went on to call Republicans " pterodactyls , " hinted that the U. S. is a violent , mean place , and claimed the U. S. ’d move out of the country if Donald Trump were to become president . As to Donald Trump feelings on pot , Donald Trump has a long history of promoting marijuana use . Donald Trump once even claimed that sprinkling marijuana on pancakes protected Donald Trump from bus fumes as Donald Trump jogged to Boston ’s Fenway Park when Donald Trump played for the Red Sox . Donald Trump had quite a pro baseball career . After thirteen years in the big leagues , the 1973 All Star and Boston Red Sox Hall of Famer went on to play    and at 65 years of age even became the oldest pitcher to win a professional baseball game . The Vermonter also has an eccentric political past , having once run for president as a member of the American wing of Canada ’s satirical Rhinoceros Party . His slogan was , " No guns . No Butter . No Butter ’ll both kill you . " His platform included several baseball related promises , including outlawing Astro Turf , making baseball ’s designated hitter rule illegal , and outlawing domed stadiums . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 