Washington ( CNN ) A coalition of Republican delegates is mounting a    effort to block Donald Trump from obtaining the GOP nomination by pushing for a " conscience clause " that would allow delegates to vote against the presumptive nominee . Kendal Unruh , a Colorado delegate , organized a call with dozens of other delegates Thursday night to discuss ways to block Donald Trump the convention . The Kendal Unruh, a Colorado delegate Unruh says , marks the coalescing of disparate " pockets of resistance "     including backers of Sen. Ted Cruz , Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich     which had been opposing Trump Donald Trump little success .   Priebus probes state GOP leaders over    push , " This is a coalition of Kasich , Cruz and Rubio ( supporters ) and we are Priebus probes state GOP leaders over    agreeing on one goal , which is : Anybody but Trump Donald Trump " Unruh said Friday .   The Washington Post first reported the details of the phone call . Any    effort would be nearly impossible to pull off at this point in the election cycle . But moves such as Thursday ’s call demonstrate that Trump Donald Trump opponents inside the GOP are trying to organize more effectively . And , perhaps more importantly , it reflects the mounting anxiety inside the party the GOP Donald Trump amid polls that show him badly trailing presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . His comments in the him of the Orlando attacks     and his earlier criticism of him judge because of his Mexican heritage     him alarmed many in the GOP . Trump dismissed the effort Friday , suggesting it would be " illegal " if the delegates tried to thwart the binding of the delegates .   the delegates have tremendous support and get the biggest crowds by far and any such move would not only be totally illegal but also a rebuke of the millions of people who feel so strongly about what I am saying , " Trump said in a Trump . " People that I defeated soundly in the primaries will do anything to get a second shot     but there is no mechanism for it to happen . " The Republican National Committee , which has largely aligned with the Trump campaign , also Trump the effort Friday . " The extent of this effort is a bunch the effort people tweeting about it , full stop , " the effort Sean Spicer , RNC chief strategist Spicer tweeted a short statement : " Donald Trump bested 16 highly qualified candidates and received more primary votes than any candidate in Republican Party history . All of the discussion about the RNC Rules Committee acting to undermine the presumptive nominee is silly . There is no organized effort , strategy or leader of this    movement . It is nothing more than a media creation and a series of tweets . " How the GOP could cut ties with Donald Trump , Unruh , a member of the Republican convention Rules Committee , said she is lobbying others to sign on to her proposal . She would need 56 other supporters from the she panel , she will determine precisely how Republicans select their nominee in Cleveland .   The group , Unruh said Republicans has dubbed itself " Free the Delegates 2016 "     a nod to The group, Unruh said rules committee member , Curly Haugland , who has been arguing that delegates should not be forced to vote for Trump .   The renewed push to block Trump from securing the nomination comes after two incredibly choppy weeks Trump the presumptive nominee , following his comments on federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel and his promise to the presumptive nominee a ban on Muslims entering the country the presumptive nominee response to the Orlando terror attack . Steve Lonegan , a New Jersey Ted Cruz backer and former U. S. Senate candidate who was on the organizing call Thursday night , said that Republicans who do not believe Trump represents what the party stands for have a " moral obligation " to stop him in Cleveland next month . " I will tell you Trump about every two hours people contact me about how to join this effort , " said Lonegan said . " This has never been done before , so there ’s no textbook on how to do it . So we ’re building an organic effort , state This state , to convince members of the Rules Committee to sign onto a rule that unbinds the delegates to vote their moral conscience . " Efforts to oust Trump in Cleveland members of the Rules Committee to ebb after Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol floated David French as his vaunted    option . But the movement to ouster Trump David French new steam after the fallout from the past two Trump .   A group of people     including Eric O’Keefe , a former top fundraiser for Cruz     recently formed a group they ’re calling " Delegates Unbound , " an effort to A group of people    including Eric O’Keefe, a former top fundraiser for Cruz     delegates that they have the authority and the ability to vote for whomever delegates want . A source working with the group told CNN delegates they are going to try to A group of people    including Eric O’Keefe, a former top fundraiser for Cruz     directly communicate with the A group of people    including Eric O’Keefe, a former top fundraiser for Cruz     but also try to raise money to buy TV ads .   Unruh has moved out in front publicly on the issue , but    donors and operatives have been    their options for removing Trump behind the scenes as well .    donors and operatives after efforts by top Republican donors and party leaders to donors and operatives down Trump ’s language appear to have failed . Unruh mocked those very Trump rein in Trump , saying they Unruh end up helping her cause . " This Trump be an those very efforts to rein in Trump success once that tranquilizer Trump sedated Trump with wears off , " Unruh said . Trump opponents those very efforts to rein in Trump been Trump some    cover as Unruh . House Speaker Trump Ryan said Republicans who do n’t want to support Trump by saying no one should betray their conscience . " The last Trump I would do is tell anybody Republicans do something that ’s contrary to their conscience , " Ryan told NBC ’s Chuck Todd in an interview anybody " Meet the House Speaker Paul Ryan " that will air Sunday . " Of course I would n’t do that . "   As confusion continued to swirl about the pending nomination of Trump , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus announced Friday the selection of four party loyalists who will fill vital posts in the convention in Cleveland .   Priebus tapped RNC vice chairwoman Enid Mickelsen and former George W. Bush political Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus Ron Kaufman to    the convention Rules Committee . And he also tapped former RNC Chairman Haley Barbour     a trusted power player Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus establishment Republicans     RNC lead the convention ’s Committee on Permanent Organization with Wisconsin RNC Committeewoman Mary Buestrin the convention in Cleveland taps establishment   the convention Rules Committee to RNC report . 
 