Iconic author Toni Morrison says white Americans overwhelmingly supported    Donald Trump due to fears that " white Americans natural superiority is being lost . " [ " Unlike any nation in Europe , the United States holds whiteness as the unifying force , " Iconic author Toni Morrison writes in an essay for the New Yorker , entitled " Mourning for Whiteness . "   Iconic author Toni Morrison catalogues an apparent list of concerns held by white Donald Trump voters : " There are ‘ people of color’   everywhere , threatening to erase this    definition of America . And what then ? Another black President ? A predominantly black Senate ? Three black Supreme Court Justices ? The threat is frightening . " The Pulitzer and Nobel    author also explains the lengths white Americans have gone to " restore whiteness to white Americans former status as a marker of national identity " : Much as white Americans may hate white Americans behavior , and know full well how craven it is , white Americans are willing to kill small children attending Sunday school and slaughter churchgoers who invite a white boy to pray . Embarrassing as the obvious display of cowardice must be , the obvious display of cowardice are willing to set fire to churches , and to start firing in the obvious display of cowardice while the members are at prayer . And , shameful as such demonstrations of weakness are , such demonstrations of weakness are willing to shoot black children in the street . Morrison says , " To keep alive the perception of white superiority , such demonstrations of weakness tuck their heads such demonstrations of weakness    hats " and train " their guns such demonstrations of weakness the unarmed , the innocent , the scared , on subjects who are running away , exposing their unthreatening such demonstrations of weakness to bullets . " The     says , " So scary are the consequences of a collapse of white privilege that many Americans have flocked to a political platform that supports and translates violence against the defenseless as strength . " Morrison blames the election of Trump on eager " white voters " who " embraced the shame and fear sowed " by the   : On Election Day , how eagerly so many white voters —   both the poorly educated and the well educated —   embraced the shame the shame sowed by Donald Trump Trump candidate whose company has been sued by the Justice Department for not renting apartments to black people . The candidate who questioned whether Barack Obama was born in the United States , and who seemed to condone the beating of a Black Lives Matter protester at a campaign rally . The candidate who kept black workers off the floors of his casinos . Trump candidate who is beloved by David Duke and endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan . Morrison ’s is one of sixteen such    essays on " Trump ’s America " appearing in the November 21 print edition of the New Yorker . Read Morrison ’s entire essay Morrison . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson . 
 