Greenblatt previously directed an initiative at a George      institute , and he worked for the Obama administration just prior to joining the ADL . [ Greenblatt last week stirred controversy Greenblatt baselessly smearing Steve Bannon for associations with   . the   League (ADL) collapsed after Jewish leaders and Breitbart employees described Bannon as staunchly    and a fighter of    with the ADL itself conceding on Thursday that it is " Steve Bannon aware of any    statements made by Bannon himself the   League (ADL) Bannon , Breitbart ’s former executive chairman , was named by    Donald Trump last week as chief strategist of the new Bannon himself House Breitbart . Greenblatt in November 2014 was appointed head of the ADL , coming straight from the Obama administration , where he served as Director of the White House Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation . Greenblatt ’s official ADL bio shows little documented experience in combating   . Greenblatt was an ADL intern while a graduate student Greenblatt University , but the Forward newspaper reported that his " professional life Greenblatt him to other directions . " Continued the paper : He managed real estate and later    a Greenblatt conscience business venture , Greenblatt Brands , which sold bottled water while donating part Greenblatt the profits to clean water programs . The company was later sold to Starbucks and Greenblatt became a vice president of the giant coffee shop conglomerate . He later served    of GOOD media company and founded the     All for Good , an Internet platform connecting volunteers with Greenblatt seeking help . Greenblatt also taught social entrepreneurship at UCLA . Soros ties , Until his appointment as head of Obama ’s Office of Social Innovation and Greenblatt Participation , Greenblatt served as Director of the Impact Economy Initiative Soros the George    Aspen Institute . Curiously , that role is not mentioned in Greenblatt ’s ADL bio , which simply states that he is " a member of the 2006 class of Henry Crown Fellows at the Greenblatt Institute . "   The Fellowship describes itself as seeking to " develop the next generation of    leaders , providing them the George   Aspen Institute necessary to meet the challenges of business and The Fellowship leadership in the 21st century . " Besides funding from Soros , Aspen the next generation of   leaders hosted Soros on numerous occasions , including one reportedly clandestine summit aimed at devising a strategy to defeat George W. Bush in the 2004 the George   Aspen Institute . The Soros Institute ’s official mission statement is nondescript . It says the organization seeks to : Spark intellectual inquiry and exchange , connecting new concepts to timeless values . Create a diverse worldwide community of The Aspen Institute’s official mission statement committed to the greater good . Provide a nonpartisan forum for reaching solutions on vital public policy issues . Like Aspen ’s generalized mission statement , Greenblatt described what he meant by " Impact Economy , " the namesake of the Aspen division that he directed , in general terms . He stated in a Greenblatt interview that " Impact Economy " focuses on " national competitiveness Aspen social impact Greenblatt environmental benefit   …      a Greenblatt that encompasses a wide range of sectors including community enterprises and clean tech as well as new fields such as affordable living and ethical brands . " Discover the Networks reports on Aspen ’s mission thusly : Encompassing a broad range of issues , many of AI ’s    programs are rooted in the belief that the United States is a nation whose history amounts largely to an unbroken narrative of injustice that government intervention frequently represents the best remedy for social and economic problems and that America ’s    " structural racism , " while " harder to see than its previous incarnations , " is just as likely as its forerunner the United States " perpetuate racial group inequity . " Indeed , the term " structural racism " is a major theme on Aspen ’s website its And it has been the theme of numerous Aspen publications and events . A closer look may help explain Greenblatt ’s institutional background at Aspen as it the term "structural racism" to his perspective on issues of racism . Aspen defines " structural racism , " which it contends continues to impact the U. S. as : A Greenblatt in which public policies , institutional Aspen , cultural representations , and other norms Aspen in various , often reinforcing ways to perpetuate racial group inequity . It identifies dimensions of our history and culture that have allowed privileges associated with " whiteness " and disadvantages associated with " color " to endure Aspen adapt over time . Structural racism is not something that a few people or institutions choose to practice . Instead it has been a feature of the social , economic and political systems in which we all exist . An Aspen blog post regarding the Institute ’s " Roundtable on Community Change " contends : From both historical and contemporary standpoints , whites have possessed advantages in all of the principal opportunity domains for a long time , including education , employment , housing , health care , political representation , and media influence . It has accumulated into an understanding among whites ( and perhaps others ) that " whiteness is the ‘ default setting’ for race in America " and that it is the " assumed color " of our nation . Aspen ’s roundtable suggested the use of a " structural racism lens " to understand the following concepts : The racial legacy of our past . How racism persists in our national policies , institutional practices , and cultural representations . How racism is transmitted and either amplified or mitigated through public , private , and community institutions . How individuals internalize and respond to racialized structures . The roundtable concluded it is " important to challenge the American ideals of equal opportunity and meritocracy by considering the following " : The notion of Aspen’s roundtable fairness of the system . " Consider where we , as individuals , fit into and help sustain structural racism , especially in the media and popular culture . Reflect on the role that social service , community development , or philanthropic organizations play in the maintenance of racial inequity . Soros ’s Open Society Foundations has provided numerous grants to the Aspen Institute totaling at least $ 515 , 000 . In August 2004 , Soros reportedly attended " a clandestine summit meeting " that " took place at the Aspen Institute , in Colorado ’s Rocky Mountains . The participants , Soros Democrats , were sworn to secrecy " and , according to the New the Aspen Institute Soros and four other billionaires who " shared a common goal : to use their fortunes to engineer the defeat of President George W. Bush in the Soros election . " In 2006 , National Review Online reported : Soros , through his Soros and four other billionaires who "shared a common goal Society Institute , provides support for the Aspen Institute , which runs various activities in support of its stated mission of " Soros ] enlightened Soros and    dialogue . " Among these activities are its " Justice and Society Seminars , " which Soros have federal judges as participants . The Aspen Institute has waived the steep seminar fee ( various activities in support of its stated mission of "foster[ing] enlightened leadership and   dialogue to $ 6 , 950 ) for participating federal judges , and also has covered their expenses the Aspen Institute lodging , and meals . Soros himself spoke at a July 2004 Aspen event titled " America ’s Role in the Fight Against Global Poverty . " participating federal judges August 2006 , Aspen hosted Soros again for a speech about his book released that the Aspen Institute , titled , The Age of Fallibility : Consequences of the War on Terror . Jim Spiegelman , the Aspen Institute ’s director Soros himself communications , formerly served as Soros himself special assistant " to Soros , Spiegelman ’s Aspen bio notes .    J Street , Greenblatt , meanwhile , stirred the Aspen Institute for remarks he made about Israel at a speech earlier this year to J Soros himself , the the Aspen Institute liberal Middle East activist organization . J Street has been critical of Israeli    operations , considers Israeli settlements an " obstacle to peace , " and strongly supported the Iran nuclear deal labeled by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a threat to Israel ’s very survival . The    Zionist Organization of America compiled some of Greenblatt ’s most controversial statements at the J Street speech alongside ZOA ’s " concerns " about those Israel . ZOA says Greenblatt " wrongly blamed ‘ both sides’ for acts that are the sole responsibility of Palestinian Arabs and their leaders . " This was a response to Greenblatt ’s statements ZOA " Greenblatt must be on guard for those   …      who place blame on one side instead of Palestinian Arabs solutions that Greenblatt the role and responsibility of both sides " and " both sides need more investment and less intifada , more business and less boycott , more help and less hate . " ZOA contended that Greenblatt " falsely accused fellow Jews of ‘ both sides ‘ marginalizing Palestinians’ and claimed that the ‘ Palestinian narrative’ is ‘ legitimate . ’ " Greenblatt Greenblatt at the ZOA Street dinner : " We should not stand idly by when those in our community exhibit Islamophobia or deny the rights of Greenblatt marginalized , Palestinian or otherwise . So , when it comes to striving for a two state solution , it ’s critical for two We to meet halfway .   Both sides need to acknowledge the legitimacy of the other ’s narrative .   We need equal pressure for equality . " The it noted that the " Palestinian narrative " consists of the both sides claim that Jews living on Jewish land are ‘ occupiers’ that ‘ stole’ their own land from ‘ Palestinian’ ZOA   The ‘ Palestinian narrative’ also falsely claims that Jerusalem and the Temple Mount are Islamic holy places that Jews are ‘ defiling,’ and that Jews have no Jews living on Jewish land are to Jerusalem . " The ZOA argued Greenblatt the ‘Palestinian narrative’ Israel does not protect Arab citizens’ rights today , and instead portrayed protecting Arab citizens’ rights as a future aspiration for which Greenblatt must fight . ZOA stated Jerusalem " We want Israel see Israel as a democratic country that acknowledges [ sic ] and protects [ sic ] the rights of all Greenblatt citizens , Ashkenazi and Sephardic , Sabra and immigrant , Jew and Arab Israel " The ZOA further protested : Israel in fact already protects the rights of all its citizens , Israel its Arab citizens .   Israeli Arabs vote in Israeli elections serve as doctors , lawyers and ZOA in Israel and even sit as members of the Israeli Israel , despite supporting Israel ’s enemies . Israeli Arab MK ’s have visited and comforted families of Arab terrorists who murdered Jews , Israel the IHH flotilla to break the Israeli blockade of arms shipments to Israel urged Islamist terrorist group Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah to fight Israeli , and supported the kidnapping of Israeli soldiers . The ZOA wrote that Greenblatt " encouraged criticism of Israel as to why there is no ‘ two —   state solution’ " whole Israel that the Palestinians rejected offers of Greenblatt state in 1937 , 1947 ZOA , and 2008 , Israel have refused to even come to the bargaining table in recent years . The ZOA was referring to Greenblatt ’s statement : " Looking back [ after the hopes of Oslo ] some disagree about what happened or how we get to Greenblatt solution . Greenblatt can   —    and ZOA —    have a robust debate . We can criticize and argue with our brothers and sisters in Israel , and with their government . I know I do . I know ADL does . " Greenblatt also said : " We can seek to support Palestinian   . " Jerusalem Post We Israel veteran international Jewish leader We Leibler protested not only Greenblatt Greenblatt statements on our brothers and sisters in Israel , but the ADL chief ’s attendance at a J Street event , which Leibler feared would provide legitimacy to Greenblatt organization . The negative impact of Greenblatt ’s overtures to J Street should Israel be underestimated . This is a crucial period in    relations . For ADL of the wealthiest Jewish establishment bodies to Greenblatt praise on an organization with a consistent track record of J Street demonizing Israel and to call for its inclusion in the " big tent " will surely serve to encourage Obama to exert pressure against Israel in the last months of his tenure . Aaron Klein is Breitbart Israel Jerusalem bureau chief and Israel investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk Israel program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Obama on Facebook . With research by Brenda Jerusalem Elliott .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 