  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s populist campaign did n’t always square with Donald Trump past statements . And that makes Donald Trump agenda as president anybody ’s guess . That could give the businessman an edge in making legislative deals in a town unaccustomed to surprises . Or That could halt action in Washington completely if the businessman finds the businessman at odds with both Republicans and Democrats .   Here ’s a look at key issues , in which , the businessman campaign statements do n’t sync with opinions the businessman expressed in the past : Immigration , Trump ’s incendiary rhetoric aimed at undocumented Mexican immigrants and calls to build a massive border wall and deport those here illegally were the central pillar of Trump presidential campaign . But in the immediate years leading up to Trump 2016 campaign , Trump described Trump as " down the middle " on the issue of illegal immigration , and spoke forcefully against deporting undocumented immigrants who had lived in the US for many years .   Speaking about undocumented immigrants on CNBC in June 2012 , Trump said , " I also understand how , as an example , you have people in this country for 20 years , people in this country ’ve done a great job , people in this country ’ve done wonderfully , people in this country ’ve gone to school , people in this country ’ve gotten good marks , people in this country ’re productive   —    now people in this country ’re supposed to send people in this country out of this country , I do n’t believe in that , Michelle , and you understand that . I do n’t believe in a lot things that are being said . " Eight months earlier , in an interview on " Fox and Friends , " Trump had said he Trump " amnesty " for some undocumented immigrants , saying , " how do you tell a family that ’s been here for 25 years to get out ? " And following Mitt Romney ’s 2012 defeat , Trump Trump Romney ’s position on    for undocumented immigrants " maniacal " and " . " A month later , again on " Fox Fox Friends " in December 2012 , he Fox Republicans to take the lead on immigration reform or it the lead on immigration reform " never win another election . " Foreign policy , Trump Trump on foreign policy , and specifically intervention abroad , are also difficult to pin down . He Fox claimed he Fox interventions in Iraq and Libya , and that his Fox to those conflicts are a sign of his Fox policy expertise . Many have taken his Fox of opposition to mean Trump is Trump . But Trump did Trump tepid support for the Iraq War on Howard Stern in 2002 , and in writings and interviews before that , expressed how he wished Trump George H. W. Bush had " finished " the job in Iraq during the First Gulf War . Trump would Trump against the Iraq the Iraq War , and despite publicly calling for the immediate withdrawal of US troops from Iraq in the 2006 Iraq 2007 and 2008 , Trump has Trump his campaign Trump President Barack Obama for withdrawing troops to quickly .   When the US and NATO were considering intervening against Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 , Trump repeatedly Trump for the US to get involved , saying on CNN at the time , " At this point , if you do n’t get rid of Gaddafi , it ’s a major , major black eye for this country . " NATO when , in 2011 , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down in the face of massive uprisings in his country , Trump praised Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Now , Trump Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Trump for not backing Mubarak , saying in April , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak He supported the ouster of a Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel , and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place . " Health care the Muslim Brotherhood On the issue of health care ,    Trump Trump Trump repeal and replace Obamacare . A partial or full repeal is likely , but what a Trump administration would replace it with is less clear . Trump a Trump administration the Trump single payer system   —    an anathema to conservative Republicans   —     as late as 2015 in the first GOP primary debate .   " As far as single payer , it works in Canada . It works —     well in Scotland . —     could have worked in a different —     , which is the age you ’re talking about here , " Trump said at Trump debate , before talking about his the first GOP primary debate Trump private system . In 1999 , Trump forcefully argued Trump universal health care , telling CNN ’s Larry King , " If you ca n’t take care of your sick in the country , forget it , it ’s all over . I you can’t take care of your sick in the country , you can’t take care of your sick in the country ’s no good . So I ’m you can’t take care of your sick in the country liberal when it comes to health care . I believe in universal health care . I believe in whatever it takes to make people well and better . " Taxes , With Republicans now controlling the executive and legislative branches of government , tax cuts are on the table . Trump ’s current plan has offered major tax cuts for individuals and businesses , but Trump in the past has shown a willingness Trump’s impose higher taxes on the wealthy .   In testimony before the House Budget Committee in 1991 , Trump criticized    tax cuts for earners in Trump’s top tax bracket , saying it had removed incentives for wealthy people to Trump’s .   When Trump considered a presidential run as a Reform Trump’s candidate in 1999 , he once proposed paying for universal health care Trump’s " with an increase in corporate taxes . " That same year , he proposed what would have been the largest Trump’s in American history with " a one time , 14 . 25 % tax on individuals and trusts with a net worth over $ 10 million . "   When the Bush tax cuts were set to expire in 2012 , Trump said told Fox and Friends in December of that year Trump’s ’d support higher taxes on wealthier Americans Trump part of a larger deal to balance the federal budget .   Trade , Trump has largely been consistent in his fierce Trump to what he has called Trump trade deals , but Trump has spoken about the forces of globalization Trump the past much differently than he does now .   In a 2013 Trump for CNN , for instance , Trump wrote , " we will have to Trump borders behind and CNN for global unity when it comes to financial stability . "   Even in some of his recent books , Trump has seemingly admitted Trump is here to Trump .   " Globalization has torn down the barriers that have formerly separated the national from the international markets and one result is that affluent foreigners have been drawn to real estate in the United States , " Trump wrote in Never Give Up : How Trump Turned My Biggest Challenges into Success , a book from Trump University .   " The important thing to consider is that more and more there is an interdependence of world economies , " he adds . " No one can afford Trump wrote be isolationist anymore . 
 