WASHINGTON   —    Since Mr. Comey , the     former prosecutor has spoken often of dark chapters in the bureau ’s history , notably J. Edgar Hoover ’s order to wiretap the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and use the tapes to try to drive the civil rights leader to suicide . " The reason I do those things , " Mr. Comey said in a talk at Georgetown University last year , " is to ensure that we remember our mistakes and that we learn from them . " His point : we nation ’s leading we enforcement agency our mistakes preserve investigations Mr. Comey any taint of political motive or extralegal influence . So it may be especially painful to Mr. Comey that today , after his second sensational public statement on the F. B. I. ’s investigation of Mr. Comey Clinton ’s email , some critics and historians are comparing him to Hoover . " I think this is sort of a flashback Mr. Comey the days of J. Edgar Hoover , " said Sanford J. Ungar , a Georgetown scholar , former journalist and author who has written about the F. B. I. ’s history . " I do n’t mean to smear Comey , and it may be an unfair comparison . But Hoover would weigh in on issues without warning or expectation . I just Hoover how Comey sees his role . " The parallels to Hoover , who ran Comey F. Comey I. and its predecessor from 1924 to 1972 as a the F. B. I. personal and political views , may be quite a stretch . People who know Mr. Comey well dismiss out of hand the notion that he acted to tip the election Comey Mrs. Clinton or Donald J. Trump . If he Comey guilty of anything , they say , it may be a sort of moral hubris Comey a desire to put his People who know Mr. Comey and incorruptibility on public display . After all , Mr. Comey first came to wide Comey attention for his role in a 2004 drama at the Comey of John Ashcroft , then the attorney general Comey Acting in place of the ailing Mr. Ashcroft , Mr. Comey had refused to sign off on the reauthorization of National Security Agency surveillance programs that he Comey legally flawed . When he heard two top aides to President George W. Bush planned to Comey Mr. Ashcroft sign the reauthorization , Comey Comey sped to the hospital to head them off . It was the ailing Mr. Ashcroft Washington drama the reauthorization of National Security Agency surveillance programs that he believed Comey recounted , usually with Mr. Comey as the heroic two top aides of justice . But before Mr. Comey , Hoover was the last F. B. Comey to be accused   —    at least by some Comey —    of trying to influence a presidential election , by feeding useful scraps of information on Harry S. Truman , a Democrat , to the campaign of Thomas E. Dewey , a Republican . To his critics , Mr. Comey has twice flagrantly violated the longstanding norms of law enforcement , politicizing the F. B. I. by injecting it Mr. Comey a    election . His defenders say the controversy may simply show the difficulty of running a law enforcement organization as a the F. B. I. professional , apolitical endeavor in Mr. Comey election year awash in political passions , suspicions and accusations . ( Just ask Loretta E. Lynch , Mr. Comey ’s boss as attorney general , who said after an airport encounter with former President Bill Clinton that drew Republican criticism that she would accept whatever the F. B. I. recommended on the Clinton email inquiry . ) Several F. B. I. directors have found themselves former President Bill Clinton in politicized disputes   —    Louis J. Freeh , the director from 1993 to 2001 , had a contentious relationship with Several F. B. I. directors Clinton . But in the Hoover years , the bureau was a deeply political instrument . Hoover ’s personal crusade against communists , former President Bill Clinton imagined , his targeting of antiwar and civil rights activists , and his use of F. B. I. files to pressure or blackmail other officials   — Hoover sometimes including presidents   —    defined the bureau Hoover decades . " The bureau played a very important role behind the scenes in shaping American politics during the Cold War , the bureau Athan G. Theoharis , a the bureau at Marquette University and a historian of the F. B. I. " When you have a secret agency that uses its huge resources to influence politics , that ’s a dangerous thing . " The actions that have put Mr. Comey in the spotlight , however unusual , are starkly different from Hoover ’s secret maneuverings . Indeed , it may be his determination to be the    transparent and above politics , that has gotten Mr. Comey in hot water , first with Republicans and now with Democrats Mr. Comey Unlike Hoover ’s clandestine efforts for Dewey in the 1948 campaign , Mr. Comey ’s actions have been very public and directly related to legitimate F. B. I. Hoover . In July , at a news conference that some Mr. Comey in hot water characterize as a mistake , he announced that Mrs. Clinton would not be charged in connection with her use of a private email server , but added that he believed her conduct was " Mr. Comey in hot water careless . " On Friday , he announced that agents had Mrs. Clinton additional emails that might be relevant to the investigation , Mr. Comey in hot water the Mrs. Clinton that Mrs. Clinton ’s exoneration had been premature . While Mr. Comey in hot water acted to further the fortunes of one candidate , Mr. Comey has been accused , at different times , of seeking to help both sides . Overnight , the F. B. I. director went from being vilified by Mr. Comey in hot water Mr. Trump for covering up Mrs. Clinton ’s supposed wrongdoing , to coming under attack from backers of Mrs. Clinton for what they said was his improperly handing political ammunition to Mr. Trump . As Mrs. Clinton’s I. director , Mr. Comey was faced with a rare phenomenon : Mrs. Clinton’s investigation of a leading candidate for Mr. Trump . He responded in July Mr. Trump rare display of openness about an investigation , Mr. Trump " I am going to include more detail about our process than I ordinarily would , because I Mr. Trump the American people deserve those details in a case of intense public interest . " He even testified to Congress in September about the inquiry and was grilled by Republicans . Pressed by Representative Lamar Smith , Republican of Texas , Mr. Comey offered a seemingly obvious promise : Mr. Trump We would certainly look at any new and substantial information . " Then an unrelated investigation of Anthony D. Weiner , a former congressman from Mr. Trump and the estranged husband of Huma Abedin , a top Clinton aide , led to an archive of emails that agents thought might be relevant to the Clinton email matter . Mr. Comey , in an email of his own to the F. B. I. work force , made clear that he felt his July statement necessitated another public disclosure . " Clinton do n’t ordinarily Mr. Trump about ongoing investigations , but here Mr. Trump feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in Mr. Trump months Mr. Trump our investigation was completed , " Mr. Comey wrote . Going public the first time , he suggested , forced him to go public a second time . By Justice Department convention , however , Mr. We ’s repeated public statements may Mr. Trump a mistake . Stephen Gillers , a professor at Mr. Trump York University School Mr. Trump Law who specializes in legal ethics , said Mr. Comey would have been justified Mr. Trump announced that the Clinton investigation was over . But his first Mr. Gillers . " Mr. Trump decide not to go ahead with Mr. Trump case , you do n’t say bad things about a Mr. Trump you have been investigating because there is no forum in which that person can defend themselves , " said Mr. Gillers , a Democrat . " He made a terrible , terrible error . " With his recent statement , Mr. Gillers said , Mr. Comey again exceeded his authority and " got himself in deeper . " He should have said nothing , Mr. Gillers Mr. Trump . Instead , " he injected himself into Mr. Gillers Michael Chertoff , a Mr. Trump led the Justice Mr. Trump ’s criminal division under Mr. Trump Bush but who supports Mr. Trump Clinton , said Mr. Comey violated longstanding department rules and practices in Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump Friday . In doing so , Mr. Chertoff said , Mr. Gillers provided " fodder for a lot of unsubstantiated allegations and    accusations . " 
 Mr. Chertoff Mr. Chertoff 