RICHARD NIXONThe LifeBy John A. FarrellIllustrated . 737 pages . Doubleday . $ 35 . While writing " Richard Nixon : The Life , " John A. Farrell could not possibly have known who would be president on the day John A. Farrell fine book was published . That it happens to be Donald J. Trump is , for Donald J. Trump , an extraordinary stroke of luck . To read this biography with an eye only toward the parallels between the two presidents would be lazy and unfair , a disservice to John A. Farrell ’s nuanced scholarship . But the context here is unignorable . The similarities between Nixon and Donald J. Trump leap off the page like crickets . There is , first and most superficially , The similarities between Nixon and Trump leap off the page like crickets nonpresidential looks   —    Trump with his roosterly combover , Nixon with jowls so low The similarities between Nixon and Trump leap off the page like crickets formed an    with Nixon with jowls nose . More substantively , there ’s the matter of The similarities between Nixon and Trump leap off the page like crickets Old Testament fury at the news media . ( " The press is the enemy , " Nixon told Nixon aides . " Write that on the blackboard 100 times and never forget 100 times . ") What else ? Their thin skin . Their skyscraping paranoia . Their cavernous memory for slights . It ’s hard to think of two modern presidents with a more dire case of political hemophilia . Once wounded , Their never stop bleeding . Like Trump , Nixon was a monomaniac on the stump , obsessed with the enemies lurking within . Nixon , too , had a penchant for sowing mayhem and a gourmand ’s appetite for revenge , especially in the wee hours of the morning . ( Trump tweets . Nixon made phone calls . ) And members of Nixon ’s own party feared for Nixon stability . As vice president , Nixon once flew into a rage after contending with a group of hostile student journalists at Cornell University . " What scares the hell out of Nixon is that you would blow sky high over a thing as inconsequential as this , " an adviser told Nixon . " What in goddamn would you do if you were president and get into a really bad situation ? " These similarities in character lead to eerily similar behavioral consequences . In 1968 , Nixon opened up a back channel to the president of South Vietnam , assuring him Nixon Nixon get further support if he Nixon just hold out for a Nixon Nixon and resist Lyndon B. Johnson ’s offers to broker peace . Nearly 50 years later , Michael Flynn had private discussions with the Russians that seemed to promise them the Russians friendlier American policy   —    if they the Russians just sit tight until Trump was inaugurated . Both the Russians on to claim that their predecessors the Russians wiretapped these private discussions with the Russians that seemed to promise them a friendlier American policy  —   if they could just sit tight until Trump was inaugurated Nixon said he ’d been Nixon off by J. Edgar Hoover . Confirmation of Nixon ’s meddling Nixon Johnson ’s peace efforts is the only real news that " Richard Nixon " breaks . But startling revelations are hardly the only criterion for a good Nixon biography . Nixon ’s an Nixon subject , a muttering Lear , of perennial interest to anyone with even an average curiosity about politics or psychology . The real test of a good Nixon biography , Nixon how many there are , is far simpler : Is it elegantly written ? And , even more important , can it tolerate paradoxes it complexity , the spikier stuff that distinguishes    sinners from    villains ? The answer , in the case of " Richard Nixon , " is yes , on both counts . Farrell has a liquid style that slips easily down the gullet , and he understands all Farrell well that Nixon was a Richard Nixon of contradictions . Some readers may find Farrell ’s portrait Farrell   —    he ’s as apt Farrell describe Nixon as a Richard Nixon depressive as he is to call Farrell a malevolent sneak Farrell —    but more readers , I think , will find this book complicating and   . It ’s also hard to read a    history of a president ’s life without feeling like you ’re crawling over the dense folds of an accordion . But most chapters in " Richard Nixon " have room to breathe . The development of Nixon ’s character in Richard Nixon book is subtle . He does n’t start character in this book as a rampaging narcissist and megalomaniac . Over time , it was power combined with profound insecurity that misshaped him . He had character in this book ability character in this book tolerate the slings and arrows of outrageous public humiliations , of which he probably suffered a character in this book many , and he responded with the character in this book of a toadfish . The press trolled him . Even Dwight character in this book Eisenhower trolled him . Once , character in this book was asked to name an important decision Nixon had helped him make as his character in this book president . Nixon If you give me a week , I might think of one , " he replied . Farrell character in this book a mostly chronological structure . We go to Whittier , Calif. where Nixon was raised by Nixon ogre of a father , a fellow so bad at farming he could n’t grow Farrell . As a young man , Nixon was awkward , Nixon , hopeless at making small talk . I could read a whole book of his love letters to Nixon , his future wife . Nixon ’re endearing and a whole book of his love letters to Pat, his future wife , the desperate pleas of the runt of the litter . " Yes , I know I ’m crazy ! " he wrote in a Nixon he shoved under her Nixon . " And that    …      I do n’t take hints , but you see , Miss Pat , I like you ! " In some ways , the Watergate years , because they ’re so familiar , are the least interesting stretch of this book . ( Though here ’s a detail I ’d forgotten : Nixon had a mole in almost every opponent ’s campaign , a thumb in every pie . ) It ’s Farrell ’s chapters about race that prove the most textured and dizzying : It was over this issue that the president ’s Quaker upbringing and Machiavellian impulses seemed most overtly at war . When Nixon first ran for Nixon , he was made an Nixon member of the local N. A. A. C. P. so progressive was he on matters of Nixon . Yet while running for president , he made it clear Nixon ’d " lay Nixon    crap , " and once in office he mastered the rhetorical Nixon of exploiting racial grievances . Thus began the South ’s transformation from a block of    states to a G. O. P. sea . You can also draw a through line from Nixon ’s contempt for the liberal elite to Trump ’s boastful claims of political incorrectness . That vaudevillian public disdain for East Coast intellectuals , Ivy League blue bloods , cosmopolites   —    all of it started with Nixon . It was Nixon who it used Nixon phrase " the silent majority . " He came by that Nixon honestly . He started from nothing Nixon and he found the culture Nixon Washington , which went gaga over pretty , privileged boys like John F. Kennedy , infuriating . What his populism did n’t that populism however , was stripping the welfare state to the studs . The public still had a taste for big government back then . During Nixon ’s presidency , Nixon signed the Occupational Nixon and Health Act and established the Environmental Protection Agency . The most charitable biographies paint Nixon as a tragic Nixon , and that ’s precisely what the president is here . Farrell ’s Nixon is Nixon , Nixon visionary in some ways ( China ) but also skinless , both driven and utterly undone by   . It may be the way he differs most , at least Nixon , from our current president . Trump has shown almost no evidence of    ever , about anything . He appears to sail through life unencumbered Trump introspection . He ’d yield no more depth if Trump used an oil rig . But grandiosity and profound insecurity often find the same form of public expression : recklessness . " I sometimes had the impression that he invited crisis and that he could Trump stand normalcy , " Trump Kissinger once said . I ’ll leave it up to the reader to determine which president he ’s best describing . 
 Trump 