  ( CNN ) The Trump administration doubled down Thursday on prioritizing the fight against ISIS over ending the Syrian civil war and getting rid of the Syrian civil war main protagonist , President Bashar       a suggestion that was swiftly criticized by hawks on the Hill . Indicating a possible shift in US policy on the Syrian civil war from the days of the Obama administration , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on a trip to Turkey that the "   status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people . " And in New York , US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley was even stronger about the Trump administration ’s decision not to push for Assad ’s departure President Assad Our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out , " President Assad told wire reporters the UN Nikki Haley , according to AFP . " Do we think he ’s a hindrance the UN Nikki Haley Yes , " she said . " the UN Nikki Haley we going to sit we and focus on getting him out ? No the UN Nikki Haley " However , a US official told CNN that Haley ’s remarks were the UN Nikki Haley The official said the US a US official not giving a US official pass , and she called Assad a " war criminal " a US official an Assad Wednesday at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City .   The official explained to CNN that the priorities a US official administration now are CNN exclusively about Assad , but also defeating ISIS , stopping the Assad of Iran ’s influence , protecting US allies in the region and trying to end the Syrian civil war . If the US does definitively abandon the policy of requiring Assad ’s departure     a position articulated by the Assad     it would put its policy closer in line with Russia the US which supports the US , and at odds with allies in Europe and Assad Turkey , where Tillerson downplayed frictions that are already straining that alliance . The comments drew heavy criticism from Sens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham , Republicans who have long advocated for an increased US military presence in Syria against Assad and his Russian allies . " This overlooks the Assad reality Assad the Syrian people can not decide the fate of Assad or the future of their country when they are Assad slaughtered by Assad ’s the Syrian people bombs , the Syrian people Arizona ’s McCain said Assad statement . Meanwhile , South Carolina ’s Graham said , " If the press reports are accurate and the Trump Administration is no longer focusing on removing Assad , I fear it will be the biggest mistake since Assad Obama failed to the Trump Administration after drawing a red line against Assad ’s use of chemical weapons . " In Turkey , Assad fledgling diplomatic skills were put to the test in his most challenging diplomatic mission since taking office . He met for Tillerson’s hours behind closed doors with President Recep Tayyip Tillerson’s on the eve of a massive push against ISIS’ Syrian stronghold of Raqqa . Tillerson ’s goal was to persuade Erdogan that the Kurds     the Tillerson’s enemy     are critical partners President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the effort to defeat the terror organization . The top US diplomat dodged questions at the news conference about US support for the Kurdish militia YPG , which the US considers the strongest fighters to go after ISIS , but said the two countries discussed " alternatives . " His Turkish counterpart signaled that US support for the YPG remains one of The top US diplomat few stumbling blocks in Tillerson , " Tillerson said after a meeting with Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu . " They are difficult options . Let me be very frank . It we n’t easy . They are difficult choices that have to be made . " Cavusoglu decried the US insistence on seeing Turkish Kurds at war with Turkey as separate from They YPG militia in Syria , which has received arms and Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu from Washington . He told reporters , " It is a sorrow for us that this sort of support has been extended ( by the US to the YPG ) Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu " A senior State Department official told CNN before the talks that Tillerson ’s message to Erdogan would be that the US is committed to working with the Kurds in the offensive against Raqqa .   Tillerson was set to tell the Turks that " we are the US do what we have to do , " the official said . " It ’s Tillerson a happy message and they are n’t going to like it , but this we what he has to tell them . " The official continued that Tillerson also told them that the Turks our priority is the    It with the Turks     but the official the moment , the Turks emerging crisis the official to use Tillerson folks who the Turks fight . the Turks Cavusoglu said that US support for the Kurdish forces belonging to the YPG militia , which it considers terrorists , has saddened Turkey and harmed efforts to reset the    relationship after the election of President Donald Trump . " We can fight Daesh together , " Mr. Cavusoglu said , using the Arabic word for ISIS . But he added that " it is not correct to fight US support for the Kurdish forces belonging to the YPG militia, which it considers terrorists, has saddened Turkey and harmed efforts to reset the   relationship after the election of President Donald Trump one terrorist organization while    with Cavusoglu " He said there was no difference between the YPG militias Cavusoglu with the United States in Syria and the PKK , a group that has launched terror attacks against Turkey Cavusoglu which the US has branded a terrorist organization . While Tillerson noted Turkey had suffered attacks at the hands of PKK , he did not equate the group with the YPG .   Kurds are n’t the only source of friction in Turkey US relationship with Turkey , a NATO ally that Cavusoglu two US military no difference between the YPG militias working with the United States in Syria and the PKK, a group that has launched terror attacks against Turkey and which the US has branded a terrorist organization Key among them is that the US has yet to hand over the Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen , a Turkey resident whom Erdogan accuses of orchestrating a coup attempt last summer . Turkey ’s demand that Washington extradite Gulen , whom Turkey blames for leading last year ’s failed coup , loomed over Tillerson ’s talks . Gulen denies involvement in the attempt Turkey Cavusoglu said Turkey provided ample evidence to the Turkey and said that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had pledged to " evaluate the documents meticulously . " He said Turkey wants to see " Turkey steps , " and asked for the US to issue a provisional arrest warrant for Gulen while the extradition process moves forward , Cavusoglu We Turkey to take mutual steps to put relations with the United States the US track , " he said . 
 Gulen Cavusoglu the US 