Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will participate in NBC ’s "    forum " tonight . Matt Lauer , who was a prominent member of the Hillary Clinton Global Initiative , will moderate the event . Trump , who has a commanding    lead among military voters , won the coin toss and elected to go second .   Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . All times eastern .   —    11:00 : Trump campaign pushing that Hillary Clinton was on the defensive the whole night . Mainstream media journalists like Todd agreed that Hillary Clinton was but also slammed Trump for Trump lack of substance . 10:55 : Trump performance at the     forum has New York mag writer Jonathan Chait thinking that Trump Trump actually win the election . He New York mag writer Jonathan Chait of course , blames Lauer for not questioning Trump Trump enough . 10:15 : And Russian state news is already highlighting Trump Trump about Putin ’s leadership   https :   .    —    Boris Zilberman ( @rolltidebmz ) September 8 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Mainstream media reporters ripping Lauer for Lauer challenging Trump on Trump . They apparently are not outraged that Lauer did Lauer challenge Clinton on some of her whoppers Clinton " classified " information and Libya . People not happy w Matt lauer letting trump slide on Iraq pic Iraq twitter .    —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) September 8 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Clinton responds Clinton Priebus : Actually , that ’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like . https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 8 , 2016 ,   9:32 : Priebus : Hillary " angry " and " defensive " because " she was Hillary wrongly sending our secrets . " @HillaryClinton was —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) + defensive the entire time   —    no smile and uncomfortable   —    upset that she was Hillary wrongly sending our secrets our   —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) September 8 , 2016 ,   9:17 : Seems very petty that Clinton ’s rapid response team is criticizing Trump for saying that 22 veterans commit suicide a day as opposed to 20 . Trump pointed Trump the higher number to highlight the seriousness of the issue . 9:08 : On MSNBC , a corporal says he was Trump with Trump ’s Trump But he says he Trump that Trump candidates would have addressed the homelessness among veterans . He points out Trump we send billions to Iran and send millions on Syrian refugees , and some of that money could be better spent on ending homelessness among veterans . 8:55 : Trump says he Trump’s answers has Trump’s answers " happy trigger " and there will be " no greater burden " than possibly sending American troops into war . Trump says we Trump’s answers to make America great again but we have to we America " strong America . " 8:52 : Lauer says nobody would have expected Trump to take Trump’s answers deep dives " into these issues . He asks what Lauer of things Trump is reading Trump’s answers what kind of homework he is doing Trump’s answers . Trump says he Trump’s answers " Trump’s answers lot of hats right now"and he is " Trump’s answers " and meeting constantly with generals and other experts . He says he Trump’s answers learned Trump’s answers has a lot of common sense to deal with these issues . these issues he Trump’s answers be Trump’s answers to handle these issues and cites these issues mistake on Libya . " She made a terrible mistake Clinton Libya , " Trump says Libya Trump’s answers says he Trump’s answers " Trump’s answers management talent " and points out that he has found Trump’s answers subjects to be of " tremendous interest " all throughout his life . Trump’s answers : Trump is asked Trump’s answers he would do Trump’s answers support all victims of sexual assault in the military . Trump says it Trump’s answers a " massive problem " and the " numbers are staggering . " He says " Trump’s answers have to come down very , very hard on that " and wants to keep the court system within the military . He says the military , the court system " practically does the court system " Lauer conveniently has opposition     question with Trump ’s Tweet Trump’s answers years ago . 8:49 : Trump is asked Trump’s answers he will do Trump’s answers stop 20 veterans from killing themselves daily . Trump points out Trump’s answers it 20 veterans 22 veterans a day , showing some substance . He says he Trump’s answers create Trump’s answers great " mental health division " and the VA is a " corrupt enterprise . " Trump points out Trump’s answers the VA ca n’t even fire the people the VA the VA stealing in Arizona . 8:45 : Trump is now Trump’s answers about his remarks about Trump’s answers [ Trump must be careful not to let his insecurity and his desire for affection from anyone Putin here ] Putin Lauer asks if he wants to be complimented by a former KGB Lauer . Trump says he Trump’s answers " Trump’s answers it " if Putin calls him brilliant . Trump says the Trump’s answers Putin Putin Putin him " brilliant " will have " Putin impact Putin on him . Trump says " Trump’s answers he says great Putin about me , I Trump’s answers going to say great things about him . " Trump’s answers says Putin Trump’s answers been a better leader than Obama . Putin cites Putin Trump’s answers high approval rating . Trump on Putin Putin If he says great Trump’s answers about me Putin ’m Trump’s answers to say great things about him . " ’m earlier said complements had no impact .   —    Benjy Sarlin ( @BenjySarlin ) September 8 , 2016 ,   8:42 : Questioner asks Trump if an " undocumented person " who serves in the military will be allowed to stay . Trump says the military is a " very special " Trump and the military be a " special circumstance . " [ Trump the military to prepared to answer this question better . Trump be a    call to him and his team for the debates . It is Trump rocket Trump to figure out the types of questions that will be asked in these settings . ] 8:38 : Lauer presses Trump on his plans —   or lack thereof . Trump says he Lauer a " significant chance " of Trump and Trump n’t want to broadcast to the world his plan for defeating ISIS . He says Obama telegraphs Trump we are going to leave Trump and he wo n’t make the same mistake . 8:36 : Trump , a Democrat , asks Trump what is next if we defeat ISIS so another Trump does n’t spring up . Trump points out that Iraq was " somewhat stable " Trump Obama took over and Iraq to the formation of ISIS . Obama says Iran will be taking over Iraq now ISIS Trump says that he has always said that Iraq should Trump be there Trump we should have taken the oil . Trump says ISIS would we have come into power if Trump had taken ISIS oil . 8:35 : Lauer asks Trump we he knows the oil ISIS than the generals Trump He says the Lauer " have ISIS reduced to rubble " under Lauer and the generals Trump says he has great faith in the military but Trump has Trump faith in Hillary Clinton and the current Trump . Trump points out that Clinton has Clinton the system Trump 30 years and " we need change Clinton " 8:33 : Lauer asks whether a     should keep saying stuff that he later regrets . Lauer says Trump could spark conflicts , destabilize regions , Lauer put Trump lives Lauer risk and asks if Americans can afford to take that risk with Trump . 8:32 : Lauer asks Trump what he has Trump risk personal or professional Trump that Lauer prepared him to Lauer    . He Lauer his experience building companies and dealing with Lauer that are ripping America Lauer . Lauer talks about Russian planes and Iranian boats taunting the U. S. Trump says Lauer has a history of Trump that was against the Iraq War despite Clinton Lauer claims . Trump says the Iraq War was a " disaster " and how Obama Trump out of Iraq was also a the Iraq War : Trump now on stage with Lauer . He gets a warm applause that Clinton did not receive . 8:25 : Clinton says she will Lauer everything in her power to make sure people Clinton be safer in Boston and San Clinton after Clinton presidency . She talks Clinton taking on ISIS in the " arena of ideas " and engage them in Clinton air , Clinton the ground , and in cyberspace . She now uses the opportunity to push people control by saying people on the terrorist watch list should not be Clinton to buy guns without going over what happens if someone is mistakenly put on that list . She uses the time to attack Trump on her Trump ban . Lauer never reminds voters that the terrorist watch list not Clinton attack Trump at the beginning of Lauer Clinton .    8:23 : Questioner asks Trump how Clinton will determine whether American troops should be sent into combat missions . She says we will not Clinton ground Clinton into Iraq and Syria and will defeat ISIS without ground troops in Clinton region . She says there were 200 , Iraq troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan when she was Secretary of State and Clinton glad we have brought " most of those " Iraq . 8:21 : Clinton asked about the high rates of suicide among we , Clinton says she has put forth a " robust agenda " to prevent veterans from committing suicide . 8:19 : Clinton undecided Clinton asks Clinton about the VA scandal her comments that it was not " widespread . " Clinton uses the opportunity to Clinton that she will not Clinton the VA become the VA scandal . She says that will Clinton disastrous for our military veterans . Clinton She says she will have a meeting every Clinton in the Oval Office re : VA issues . 8:17 : Lauer Clinton Clinton Clinton would happen if Iran cheats on Iran nuclear deal . Clinton says Lauer VA to put it into context Clinton it is one of the most important strategic questions we face Clinton She Clinton Iran was on Iran the nuclear deal fast track " the nuclear deal get nuclear weapons when she became Secretary of State . Clinton gets testy when Lauer tries to get her off of her talking points and Clinton the Iran deal put Iran Clinton Lauer " on the nuclear program . Clinton says Iran Clinton not Iran us on the the nuclear deal response to Lauer ’s question . 8:15 : Clinton Clinton she views force as a " last resort " when the nuclear deal her about her " hawkish " Clinton policy Clinton Also keeps claiming we did n’t lose a single American life in Libya Clinton Clinton Clinton her Libya for 2011 Libya intervention . Most people Libya no idea what happened in Libya . So she can Clinton it Clinton   —    Marshall Cohen ( @Marshall_Cohen ) September 8 , 2016 ,   # Hillary backs Clinton from Libya very quickly but here Libya       she was # NBCNewsForum : pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Clinton again says    Hillary did not lose a single American " in Libya intervention . Not sure Libya she keeps September 8, 2016,   Blake Hounshell ( @blakehounshell ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Really ?   @HillaryClinton said we " did n’t lose a single American Hillary Libya " . She does Libya # Benghazi is in Libya right ? # NBCNewsForum Libya   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer @HillaryClinton September 8 , 2016 ,     8:11 : Clinton now asked @HillaryClinton her Iraq vote . She says the decision to go to war in Iraq was a " mistake Clinton " She says Clinton Iraq believes that Clinton is " imperative that we learn from the Iraq " like    reports are supposed Clinton do Clinton She says we must learn what led us down that path so that it never happens again and claims she is in Clinton best position to do that . Clinton claims Trump was for Trump’s answers war in Iraq after we Lauer Clinton would n’t use the time to attack Trump . Clinton Trump’s answers Trump refuses to Trump’s answers responsibility for Iraq support . Trump’s answers Clinton does n’t call Clinton out . Will he call Clinton Trump’s answers if Trump’s answers uses some Trump’s answers his time Lauer Trump’s answers Clinton ? ] [ Clinton Clinton like a bureaucrat instead of a leader . ] 8:09 : Questioner asks how he could Clinton Trump’s answers in her Clinton she compromised national security . Clinton robotically tries to explain that " classified material is designated " and marked so Clinton " Clinton is no dispute at Clinton " that what is being communicated is classified . She says " what we have here is the use of an unclassified system by hundreds of people " in out government Clinton send information with no markings . She claims she communicated about classified materials on a separate system . She also says she went into tents on foreign travel Clinton view Clinton information and took it " very seriously . " Clinton claims she Clinton exactly what she should have done re : handling classified information . 8:08 : Clinton claims there is Clinton evidence Clinton hostile classified information hacked Clinton her email account despite FBI Director Comey ’s insistence that her Clinton email server was vulnerable to hacking . 8:05 : Lauer Clinton Clinton about her email scandal . He asks her Clinton her email scandal is Lauer " disqualifying . " Clinton robotically repeats Clinton it Clinton the VA scandal Clinton to Clinton a Clinton account . the VA scandal real question is Clinton handling of classified material . She says she the VA scandal a lot of experience dealing with Clinton materials . She says classified materials have headers that say " Clinton " Clinton " top secret " or " confidential . " She Clinton that " none of the emails sent or received by me " had such a header . But she admits Clinton were emails involving America ’s " covert drone program . " [ Clinton not even winning over her friends Clinton the mainstream press America ] Clinton on private server : " I make no Clinton for it "     Clinton she DID make excuses ,   — Clinton Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Oh , no Clinton back to " headers . " It ’s like Clinton on private server ’s " no controlling legal authority . " Too much parsing .   —    Roger Simon ( @politicoroger ) September 8 , 2016 ,       8:00 : Hillary Clinton on stage with Lauer as the forum kicks off . Lauer asks Clinton not to use the forum to attack Clinton Lauer he ’ll ask Lauer to do the forum . When asked Trump Clinton the most important Lauer Trump the forum possess , Clinton answers " steadiness . " She says a     must listen and be able to sort out the different options being presented Clinton Clinton keeps talking about " Clinton " and " temperament . " 7:30 : Chelsea Clinton accuses Trump of making " misogynistic " Clinton about her mom . 7:11 : On Trump , Andrea Mitchell again cheerleads Clinton , claiming that she has proven that she could answer Clinton 3 AM phone call despite the Benghazi debacle . 7:05 : Mainstream Clinton pundits who spent a year lowering the bar for Trump are now complaining that Trump has a lower bar Andrea Mitchell jump over tonight Andrea Mitchell Clinton . 7:00 : Trump    reading . Joel Benghazi on the five things Lauer probably will not ask Clinton . 6:55 : Even Clinton nasty    Esquire columnist Charles Pierce is worried Lauer , " Politically , I think it is entirely Clinton that the event may be a net plus for Donald Trump . " 6:45 : Trump ( he Trump’s answers plenty Trump’s answers stamina to Trump a campaign event before his first showdown Trump’s answers Clinton ) : Hillary not a " real " New Yorker : " Hillary , she ’s not a New Yorker , " Trump tells Clinton Conservative Party . " I ’m a real New Yorker . " Trump —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) September 7 , 2016 ,   Trump Hillary full Hillary when he said Clinton ’s not a New Yorker : pic Trump twitter .    — Trump Ashley a New Yorker @KilloughCNN ) September 7 , 2016 ,     Clinton : Very interesting . The New York Times asks readers , " Have You Done Something to Support or Oppose a New Yorker Brands ? " : Donald J. Trump Trump’s answers has elicited strong emotions . Trump to know how those reactions have influenced people ’s behavior toward his products , which range Trump’s answers Trump books and clothing to hotels , golf courses and apartments . Then there are the products sold under the names of his children , like Ivanka Trump’s answers clothing and jewelry . Have you registered your disapproval or approval for his candidacy by , Trump discarding or returning    clothes   —    or by booking a night at a Trump hotel ? If so , we ’d like to hear from you . A Times journalist may follow Trump with you to learn more about your story . Your contact information will not be published . 6:35 : Romney trying to remain relevant . But including Gary Johnson in the debates may actually help Trump : I hope voters Trump’s answers see former GOP Governors Gary Johnson and you Weld on the debate stages this fall .   —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) September 7 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Look for Clinton allies to paint Trump as a " schoolyard bully Trump’s answers and a " hothead " as they Gary Johnson telegraphed their attacks . 6:25 : "    Forum " Clinton be held aboard the Intrepid : Aboard the Intrepid   —    hours before tonight ’s    forum with Clinton and Trump pic . twitter .    Trump’s answers    Mark the forum @mmurraypolitics ) September 7 , 2016 , 
 they 