Stephen Miller , the senior policy advisor for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , told Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon on Monday that Ohio Governor John Kasich ’s support for amnesty is more " radical " than even Hillary Clinton ’s . [ " Ohio Governor John Kasich has flown under the radar screen for months because he Ohio Governor John Kasich n’t been winning any states he Ohio Governor John Kasich n’t been winning any delegates , " Miller Ohio Governor John Kasich of the Republican candidate who is polling     with Trump in the crucial     presidential primary in Ohio tomorrow .   " Quietly he Ohio Governor John Kasich put together a string of statements on immigration so radical Jeb Bush ’s face would turn a bright shade of red if he radical Jeb Bush them . And , of course , at the top of that is Kasich ’s pledge to have an amnesty bill in the first hundred days . Not even Hillary Clinton is pledging amnesty in a hundred days , " Miller radical Jeb Bush . In addition to wanting " an amnesty bill in a hundred days , " Miller radical Jeb Bush that Kasich Kasich that " deportations are not who we are as Americans and are n’t humane . " " Well , tell that to the thousands of parents who buried their the thousands of parents who buried their children because of illegal immigration because of illegal immigration , " Miller radical Jeb Bush . " Tell that to the millions of Americans who ’ve lost their the millions of Americans who’ve lost their jobs . And tell that to the tens of millions of Americans who have lost money and income paying for healthcare and welfare for illegal immigrants that they healthcare and welfare rather have spent on themselves healthcare and welfare their healthcare and welfare children and their healthcare and welfare schools . " Miller also argued that Kasich ’s support of the    Partnership trade agreement would be a fatal blow to Ohio ’s manufacturing industry and the middle class jobs it provides . " So , he Miller sign the death warrant for Ohio Ohio’s class through manufacturing destruction , " Miller Miller . " And through his Miller initiative and his Miller to have no deportations , he Miller going to institute an open borders regime on America that will result in economic devastation , a national security nightmare , and the complete hollowing out of our middle Ohio’s middle class , John Kasich has basically become a    radical with a sheepish    routine . " Listen to the full audio of Miller Miller interview below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 