  ( CNN ) Mexico ’s president said Sunday that there is " no way " Mexico’s president country would ever pay for a wall between his country and the United States .   In a    interview with CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria , Enrique Peña Nieto shot down Donald Trump ’s campaign promise that Donald Trump’s ’s going to build a wall and Mexico will foot the bill .   Enrique Peña Nieto stressed that economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico Mexico the United States .   " We economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States have to bear in mind that the security of the the United States linked with the security of its neighboring countries the United States " he Enrique Peña Nieto . " And this is what we economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States built . And I ’ll say it again , this is what this economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States been doing with the U. S. government . We economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States a relationship of coordination , of collaboration and of cooperation in the area of security , precisely in order to have security in Mexico , to have security in the U. S. and . .. we economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States journey companions . We economic and social prosperity on both sides of the border relies on a firm relationship between Mexico and the United States strategic partners working for security in North America . " " There is no way that Mexico can pay Mexico for ] a wall like that , " he said . Zakaria asked the Mexican president how he felt about the Mexican president presumptive Republican nominee ’s characterization of Mexicans .   Border crossing , In New York in June 2015 , while announcing his run for the Mexican president , Trump said : " When Mexico sends its people , Trump ’re not its people their best . its people ’re not its people you . They ’re not its people you . They ’re sending its people that have lots of problems , and they ’re bringing its people problems with problems They ’re bringing its people . They ’re bringing its people . They ’re rapists its people And some , I assume , are good people . "   " I can not agree with such a generalization for Mexicans , " said Peña Nieto . " There is no way to agree with comments like these which describe all Mexicans in such a way . " There are criminals in every country , the leader said , Peña Nieto we need to fight and apply the full extent of the law " in bringing those people to justice . But Mexico and the United States are " largely integrated " with one another .   " Not many people know , for instance , that every single day , 1 million people cross the border between Mexico and the U. S. Mexico they do it legally     1 million people single day     one million people cross the border from the U. S. into Mexico the U. S. into Mexico U. S. Mexico " the President the U. S. Democratic process , Commerce between the nations is critical , he said . More than 370 , 000 trucks the President cars cross the borders .   While there has been intense rhetoric used during the presidential campaigns about immigration , the Pew Research Center has found that over the past decade Mexican migration to the United States has slowed dramatically .   From 1965 to 2015 , more than 16 million Mexicans migrated to the United States in one of the largest mass the United States history , according to Pew .   But over the past decade , Mexican migration has slowed dramatically . Today , Mexico Mexican serves as a land bridge for Central American immigrants traveling to the United States .   Pew reports that more Mexicans left the United States the United States since the end of the Great Recession . Between 2009 the United States 870 , 000 Mexican nationals left Mexico to come to America , down from the 2 . 9 million who left Mexico between 1995 and the United States .   Peña Nieto stressed that he is " respectful Mexico the democratic process " taking place in the United States Peña Nieto as the country elects its next president .   " I the United States of the candidates , the United States , Mr. the United States , I ’m sure that both of them would like to build good conditions and better wellness for their people , " he said . the candidates We are very respectful to whomever is elected . We the candidates to build a Mr. Trump and constructive relation among Mexico and to whomever becomes president of United We . " A relationship tested by ’El Chapo’ Relations between Mexico and the United States have faced strain over the drug war , in particular the hunt , Mexico and repeated escapes of kingpin Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman .   The notorious Sinaloa cartel boss has been a wanted man on both sides of the border for years . In Brooklyn , he and other cartel leaders were indicted in 2009 on charges of conspiring to import more than 264 The notorious Sinaloa cartel boss 000 pounds of cocaine into the United States between 1990 and 2005 , according to the U. S. Justice Department . The traffickers also are accused of sharing drug transportation routes and obtaining their drugs from various Colombian drug organizations . The indictments allege Guzman and others cartel bosses employed " The traffickers , " or hit men , to carry out hundreds of acts of violence in Mexico , including murders , kidnappings , tortures and violent collections of drug debts , according to federal prosecutors . Mexico intends to extradite Guzman and is working on a process to make that happen , said Peña Mexico . Guzman ’s Guzman are appealing a May ruling ordering the transfer . Zakaria asked how the president thinks Guzman to escape prison in Mexico .   In 2001 , Guzman broke out of a    prison Guzman reportedly hiding in a laundry Mexico . In 2015 , he Guzman again through a prison shower which led into a vast underground tunnel . He was recaptured in Guzman 2016 in his native Sinaloa state after a shootout that killed six of his Guzman . Actor Sean Penn and Mexican Guzman Kate del Castillo had traveled to Mexico last October to Guzman Guzman for a story that appeared in Rolling Stone . Before the public knew about the interview , two U. S. law enforcement officials said the tracking of cell phones and electronic exchanges of people close to Guzman led to his recapture . Mexican authorities said they got Guzman partly because his representatives contacted filmmakers and Guzman about making Guzman biopic of his life . Mexican authorities Nieto Guzman he did Guzman know how the cartel leader escaped in 2015 . " Guzman that I Guzman would be Guzman speculation , " he said . " But what matters to me is that he is in prison . What matters to me Guzman to know that we recaptured him . Guzman a    Guzman , we captured him once and we Guzman him again . " He said the cartel leader the government is investigating who might we helped the cartel leader .   we asked the cartel leader Nieto whether he the cartel leader the battle against the drug cartels lessening in the next several years .   " I do n’t Peña Nieto if these battles will ever come to an end , " the president answered . " But what I can tell you is that this administration has been able to revert Zakaria trend of insecurity that our country had in 2012 . The number of malicious crimes such as murders , kidnappings and extortions have come down . " Peña Nieto acknowledged that " some regions " in Mexico continue to face security problems .   " But in general terms , I would say that , yes , Mexico has seen progress [ in fighting drug cartels ] , " the President said . " Yes , we have Mexico more security to our people , but we still have to Peña Nieto in this arena . " 
 we we 