Washington ( CNN ) Ed Gillespie was expected to hold onto a narrow lead to win the Republican nomination for Virginia governor in Ed Gillespie party ’s primary election Tuesday evening , CNN projected . On the Democratic side , Lt . Gov. Ralph Northam is on track to win the nomination for Virginia governor in his party , CNN CNN projected . Ed Gillespie ’s tight victory over Prince William County Board of Supervisors chair Corey Stewart came as a major surprise . Observers initially expected it to be an easy win for Ed Gillespie , a former chairman of the Republican National Committee . Frank Wagner , a senator in the commonwealth ’s legislature , trailed in third place . Meanwhile , Northam ’s win capped off fierce competition on the Democratic side , where he Northam’s off against former congressman Tom Perriello . And turnout in the Democratic primary far outpaced the Republican side . In a statement congratulating Northam , outgoing Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe linked the Republican field to President Donald Trump . Tuesday ’s elections marked the first time both parties held contests on the same day in the commonwealth ’s history . A fierce fight , Stewart ’s surprise performance came after a campaign during which he Stewart significant controversy . Last October , he Stewart on a show hosted by Mike Cernovich , a member of the      media who has dismissed the existence of date rape . Two months ago , Stewart Stewart in an " ask me anything " session on Reddit ’s largest    forum , where , among other things , he Stewart Gillespie a " cuckservative . " He Stewart previously served as the Trump campaign chair for Virginia before being fired from the unpaid position . Gillespie , a former George W. Bush aide , campaigned off the goodwill he Stewart with Republicans after his Stewart loss to Democratic Sen. Mark Warner in 2014 . Gillespie Gillespie to tiptoe around the presence of Trump Trump embracing policies that are popular with Republicans without directly tying his Stewart to the President . Gillespie Gillespie ignored his Gillespie , including the    Stewart , and the strategy seemed to work . Most polls showed Gillespie Gillespie a    lead before Election Day .   A third candidate , Wagner , struggled to gain traction , despite winning the endorsement of The Washington Post ’s editorial board . For Democrats , the race had been framed as a reboot of the Bernie    Clinton contest .   Some viewed the close battle as a pitting of the Sanders wing of the party , as channeled by Perriello , against the Clinton wing of the the party represented by Northam . But the comparison was never a perfect fit . Northam had Northam his campaign Northam to the left and has described Trump as a narcissistic maniac     while Perriello instead attempted to reach out to Trump voters Trump selling a message of economic populism framed through a progressive perspective . Both the Democratic and Republican contests featured established candidates with lengthy political careers facing off against insurgent , populist candidates hoping to upset the power bases of their respective populist candidates . 
 