’   ’ ’      Donald Trump fired back at the Wall Street    Journal editorial board after the Wall Street   Journal editorial board criticized Donald Trump deal to stop    manufacturer Carrier from shipping several hundred jobs overseas . ’ ’    Earlier this month , the editorial board   the deal   —    which will keep several hundred    jobs in Indiana in exchange for a $ 7 million tax break , while    allowing the company to outsource over a thousand jobs   —      as a " shakedown , " and said " America won’’t become more    prosperous by forcing companies to make noneconomic investments . " ’ ’    " A mercantilist Trump trade policy that jeopardized those exports    would throw far more Americans out of work than the relatively      jobs    ’s preserved for now in Indianapolis , " . " Trump Carrier squeeze    might even cost more U. S. jobs if it makes CEOs more reluctant to    build plants in the U. S. because it would be politically    difficult to close them . " ’ "    In an interview with Fox News that aired on Sunday , the      claimed that the Journal board did n’t understand    business . " ’    " People have said they don’’t People really what I’’m doing . I    read    Wall Street Journal the other day . Honestly , their    People    . I don’’t think the Journal board understand    don’’t . People do    think the Wall Street Journal editorial the Wall Street Journal I know some    them , they’’re really nice People I do n’t think they    understand business , People    said . ’ ’’ "    Trump ignored the Journal ’s claim that the Trump jobs savings    would be offset by the rising cost of goods , reiterating his    promise to   a 35 % Trump on companies that outsource jobs . " ’    " There’ ’s a 35 percent tax , but there is no tax if you don’’t move .    But if you move your plant or factory and you want to sell back    into our country , you fire all    people , there are going to be    consequences for that . There are going    be consequences , " Trump    said . ’ "    The Wall Street Journal editorial board   —    a conservative    body traditionally    with Republican politicians on    economic issues   —    has clashed at times with the      mogul ’s economic proposals , particularly on international trade . " ’    Earlier this year , one member of the board   calling Trump the candidate of    " white supremacists and swastika devotees . " ’ 
 