ATLANTA   —    For a year , it prompted boycotts , demonstrations and economic fallout that helped dethrone a sitting governor . In the end , in a strange and profoundly American collision of polarized politics ,    sports , commerce and the culture wars , North Carolina ’s notorious House Bill 2 was finally laid to rest on Thursday   —    though many were left wondering if some of Thursday   negative effects might linger . Gov. Roy Cooper , a Democrat , signed legislation repealing the law after legislation repealing the law was approved by the    legislature . House Bill 2 had restricted the ability of municipalities to enact    policies and required transgender people in government and public buildings to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender on their required transgender people certificate . In addition to repealing House Bill Bill 2 the new law gives the General Assembly the sole power to regulate access to " multiple occupancy restrooms , showers or changing facilities . " It also creates a moratorium on local nondiscrimination ordinances through 2020 . The compromise agreement came amid a looming threat that the N. C. A. A. which had already relocated a year ’s worth of championship tournament games from the state , was planning to eliminate more , including future men ’s Division I basketball tournaments . It was met with bitter criticism from gay rights groups , which said it was It a repeal at all , and from conservatives , who said it backtracked It protecting public safety and traditional values . In a news conference on Thursday , Mr. Cooper said that the agreement would begin undoing the economic damage and that both sports events and economic development would begin coming back to the state . This week , The Associated Press calculated that North Carolina stood to lose more than $ 3 . 7 billion over the next dozen years if House Bill 2 were not repealed . " This is not a perfect deal and it is This my preferred solution it stops This of many things we need to do as a state , " Mr. Cooper said . " In a perfect world , with a good General Assembly , we would we repealed HB2 fully today , and added full statewide protections for L. G. B. T. North Carolinians . " Still , it remained to be seen if the deal would now lift what Mr. Cooper Mr. Cooper " the dark cloud hanging over our state . " The N. C. A. A. president , Mark Emmert , said on Thursday that the league ’s governing board would soon determine whether the changed law was " sufficient " for " the board to feel comfortable going back to North Carolina . " The National Basketball Association , which relocated its most recent    Game to New Orleans to protest House Bill 2 , did not reply to a request seeking comment . The Atlantic Coast Conference , which pulled recent league championships out of the state , North Carolina it would take a fresh look at North Carolina . " North Carolina passed legislation allows the opportunity to reopen the discussion with the A. C. C. Council of Presidents regarding neutral site conference championships being held in the State of North Carolina , " John North Carolina the commissioner , said . PayPal , which in April had canceled an expansion in Charlotte over its concerns about the law , Charlotte not respond to a request for comment . A number of celebrities and organizations that had announced they were boycotting the state since PayPal, which in April had canceled an expansion in Charlotte over its concerns about the law law ’s the State of North Carolina year ago the law commented on the repeal on social media . Pope McCorkle III , a public policy professor at Duke , called the deal an " awkward compromise . " He said it would ultimately be judged by Pope McCorkle III, a public policy professor at Duke many the deal the sports events , entertainers and businesses who had turned on the state would eventually change their minds the State of North Carolina There could be a split the sports events, entertainers and businesses who had turned on the state the outside arbiters about whether this is good enough , " he said . " The deal is only as Pope McCorkle III, a public policy professor at Duke as what it the deal terms of the change in economic development the deal nationally . " It appeared that the threat of losing even more    basketball games had much to do with the breakthrough . The agreement comes on the eve of basketball ’s Final Four weekend , with the University of North Carolina men ’s team facing off against Oregon on Saturday night in Glendale , Ariz. Looming even larger , perhaps , was the broader threat of sustained business boycotts . Yet despite these stakes , and in a sign of the deep fissures that continue to run through both the state and the nation , there was little celebration when the law finally died . On Thursday , the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal , a gay rights group , called the compromise a " fake " repeal bill that " keeps in place the most harmful parts of the law . " The Human Rights Campaign and other the law groups called the deal " shameful " and accused the governor and the legislature of engaging in a " sell out " of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . Some religious and cultural conservatives denounced the removal of transgender bathroom provisions . Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , based in Washington , said the compromise showed that " elected officials are ultimately willing to surrender to the courts and the N. C. A. A. on matters of safety and public policy . " Others argued that girls and women would be robbed of privacy and dignity if forced to confront biological men in restrooms . Gay rights advocates said that the moratorium on local    ordinances , combined with the absence of a statewide    law addressing sexual orientation and gender identity , would leave lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people at risk of continued discrimination . " That , to me , is astonishing , that we ’re going to make L. G. B. T. people wait another four years to be protected from being fired because they ’re gay , " said Chris Fitzsimon , director of L. G. B. T. people Policy Watch , a liberal group . There appeared to be some disagreement about the freedom that local governments would have to pass protections for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people under the new law . Mr. Cooper said that local governments were now free to " pass protections for their L. G. B. T. employees . " Cathryn Oakley , local governments legislative counsel for the Human Rights Campaign , said she did not believe that was the case . " I Cathryn Oakley, senior legislative counsel for the Human Rights Campaign n’t think the language supports that , " she said . Under the new law , transgender people in Cathryn Oakley, senior legislative counsel for the Human Rights Campaign government buildings will the new law from using a bathroom that does not match the gender on their birth certificate . Mr. Cooper emphasized the impact on school children . transgender people in state government buildings Now transgender kids are n’t subject to the horrible requirement and embarrassment that could put them in more danger of being bullied or preyed on , " he transgender kids . The    Justice Department had issued guidelines to public schools Mr. Cooper that denying students the ability to use the restrooms of their choice violated Title IX , the 1972 federal law that prohibits sex students in education . A Virginia case that might have settled the matter was scheduled to be heard by the United States Supreme Court , but when President Trump ’s Justice Department rescinded the guidelines , the justices in March The   Justice Department lower court to decide . guidelines , a law professor at Duke , the justices in March that beyond schools , few institutions had ever policed people ’s bathroom choices . " Which is what made the law sort of symbolic , " she said , referring to House Bill 2 . House Bill 2 has already dealt a major political Jane Wettach, a law professor at Duke to the Republican Party in North Carolina , House Bill 2 Bill 2 Cooper defeat former Gov. Pat McCrory , a Republican , by a    margin in November . Time will tell if Mr. Cooper retains the support of disappointed gay rights advocates on the left wing of his coalition . National gay rights Mr. Cooper also see a perceived loss of clout if the N. C. A. A. and Mr. Cooper sports organizations ignore their continued protests and decide to play ball in the state . If the costly drama in North Carolina serves as a National gay rights groups tale to other    states looking to take up such volatile social issues , only some appear to have heeded it . On Thursday in Texas , some conservatives reiterated their support for a bill that would revise the laws regulating bathroom the costly drama in North Carolina in government buildings . The bill has been approved some conservatives the State Senate . But according to The Texas Tribune , it may not survive in a bill that would revise the laws regulating bathroom use in government buildings . The Tribune reported that Texas businesses were worried the proposal could cost them " hundreds a bill that would revise the laws regulating bathroom use in government buildings millions of dollars " in revenue . The Texas Tribune The Texas Tribune Texas businesses 