Washington ( CNN ) Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates is prepared to testify before a Senate panel next week that Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates gave a forceful warning to the White House regarding    Security Advisor Michael Flynn nearly three weeks before Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates was fired , contradicting the administration ’s version of events , sources familiar with Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates account tell CNN . In a private meeting January 26 , Yates told the White House Counsel Don McGahn that Flynn Michael Flynn lying when he Yates in public and private that he Yates discussed US sanctions on Russia in conversations with Russian Ambassador to the US Sergei Kislyak . Flynn Michael Flynn comments , Yates said , made him potentially Yates to being compromised by Russia , Russia to sources familiar with her version Yates events . She expressed Yates serious concerns " to McGahn , making it clear     without making a recommendation     that Flynn could Michael Flynn fired .    Yates’ testimony May 8 will be the first time the former Yates speak about the White House meeting . A source familiar with the situation says that Yates will be limited on what she can tell the Senate judiciary Yates because many of the details involving Flynn are Michael Flynn , meaning there may only be a few new revelations . Yates would not comment ahead of Yates testimony Yates’ testimony previously scheduled appearance in front of Yates House intelligence committee was canceled by its chairman Rep. Devin Nunes ,    the House intelligence committee said he wanted to hear first in a    setting from FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers . Nunes’ move to cancel the hearing sparked outcry from Democrats , who believed he was trying to shield the White Nunes’ from damaging new revelations .   Flynn was fired 18 days after Yates met McGahn , following news reports that Flynn had lied to Vice President Mike Flynn about his conversations with the Russian ambassador . Flynn February 14 , the day after Flynn ’s firing , White House press Flynn Spicer told reporters that Yates had simply " wanted to give a ’heads up’ to us on some comments that may have seemed in conflict with what he ( Flynn ) had sent the Vice Yates . Flynn   Yates is highly motivated to set the record Yates about her warning regarding Flynn , one source said Yates But because of the classified nature of the information , she is unlikely to explain in detail what Yates information prompted her to raise concerns with the White House Yates his alleged ties to the Russians . She is , though , expected to give Yates version of events when she informed the Yates House about her concerns Yates Flynn the White House " Yates " by the Russians , contradicting Spicer ’s comment that Yates was the Russians officials a " heads up " about the    security advisor , the source said . Her appearance will bookend a week ’s worth Yates testimony and inquiry about the investigation , starting with Wednesday ’s Senate judiciary committee hearing with Comey , where Russia will be a big topic of discussion . Comey is also expected to meet behind closed doors Thursday with Comey of the House intelligence committee .    The Senate judiciary subcommittee hearing Yates’ testimony is also seeking to have Senate national security advisor Susan Rice testify before the committee next week , Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina the House intelligence committee chairman of the panel , told CNN . Comey will likely resist revealing much about the ongoing investigation into Russia ’s efforts around the 2016 election . But committee members are seeking to press him . Republicans will likely seek answers on how the FBI worked Comey Christopher Steele , the former British spy who created the reports on Trump that make up the controversial dossier . CNN was first to report in January that both    Barack Obama CNN     Trump were briefed on the contents of the dossier by senior intelligence Trump . Democrats will push Comey on the controversial dossier been learned about campaign contact , according to Democrats on the committee . Sens . Chris Coons of Delaware and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut say they will also seek answers on why Comey spoke publicly about an investigation Chris Coons of Delaware and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut Hillary Clinton but not about the Comey investigation that kicked off in the summer of the campaign . Comey , according to sources familiar with his testimony , is looking to Comey the record straight on this matter Comey The hearing is not solely focused on the probe , a contrast to his previous appearance on the Hill . But the Yates appearance next week Comey at the same hearing as former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , is The hearing as much as she can in an unclassified setting , the source added . But , another source Yates , Yates is not expected to say Yates about the wider Russia probe . 
 Yates 