AFP   —    The same popular frustration that saw a majority of Britons vote to abandon the EU could send droves of disgruntled Americans into the arms of Donald Trump , Bernie Sanders warned on Wednesday . [ In an opinion piece appearing in the New York Times , Bernie Sanders wrote that legions of American voters , alienated by the forces of globalization , are ripe for the message of political retrenchment and economic protectionism espoused by Trump .   " Could this rejection of the current form of the global economy happen in the United States ? You bet this rejection of the current form of the global economy could , " wrote Bernie Sanders ,    to Hillary Clinton for the Democrats’ presidential nomination , who will be formally crowned the party ’s nominee next month . " The notion that Donald Trump could benefit from the same forces that gave the ‘ Leave’ proponents a majority in Britain should sound an alarm for the Democratic Party in the United States , " Bernie Sanders wrote . " Millions of American voters , like the ‘ Leave’ supporters , are understandably angry and frustrated by the economic forces that are destroying the middle class , " Bernie Sanders continued . " In this pivotal moment , the Democratic the Democratic Party new Democratic president need to make clear that we stand with those the Democratic Party are struggling and who have been left behind . We must create national and global economies that work for all , not just a handful of billionaires . " The Republican Party ’s the Democratic Party nominee , Trump has won the support of millions by echoing many themes embraced by disaffected " Leave " supporters in Britain   —    including sentiments viewed by some as hostile to immigration . Sanders , a senator from the state of Vermont and    democratic socialist , said economic stagnation is the source of much of the public disaffection in the United States with the status quo . " Let ’s be clear . The global economy is not working for the majority of people in our country and the world . This is an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite . We need real change , " he said . " But we do not need change based We the demagogy , bigotry and    sentiment that punctuated so much of the Leave campaign ’s rhetoric   —    and is central to Donald J. Trump ’s message . " 
 