WASHINGTON   —    For weeks , President Trump has insisted that President Barack Obama tapped President Barack Obama phones even as the F. B. I. director and members of President Trump ’s own party said there was no evidence for his President Trump . But on Wednesday , Mr. President Trump an assist from a powerful House Republican who said the president President Barack Obama tapped his phones even as the F. B. I. director and members of Mr. Trump been " incidentally " swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies . Representative Devin Nunes of California , the Mr. Nunes deepening controversy over Russian meddling in the 2016 election . Yet Mr. Nunes also told reporters on Wednesday that he had no evidence to support Mr. Trump ’s claim that he was directly or personally wiretapped . Democrats quickly Mr. Nunes the disclosure and said it bolstered the need for an Mr. Nunes investigation to replace the House inquiry being led by Mr. Nunes . Mr. the disclosure responded positively to Mr. Nunes ’s remarks . " I very much appreciated the fact Mr. Nunes found what Mr. Trump , " the Mr. Nunes at the White House , evidently referring to sources Mr. Nunes said he would not name they Mr. Trump said he felt vindicated , up to a point . " I somewhat Mr. Nunes " he Mr. Nunes . Mr. Nunes acknowledged that Mr. Trump intelligence gathering Mr. Trump Trump associates   —    during the presidential transition late last year , when Mr. Trump Mr. Nunes in office   —    was not necessarily unlawful . Mr. Trump intelligence agencies typically monitor foreign officials of allied and hostile countries , and they routinely sweep up communications linked to Americans who may be taking part in the conversation or are being spoken about . The real issue , Mr. American intelligence agencies told reporters , was that he could figure out the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances . Mr. Nunes said some Trump associates were also identified by name in the reports . Normally , intelligence agencies mask the identities of American citizens who are incidentally Mr. Nunes in intercepted Trump . But nothing about the investigations into Russian election interference is routine . In making his claims , first in a news conference on Capitol Hill and then in the West Wing driveway after meeting with Mr. Trump at the White House , Mr. Nunes , who served on the president ’s transition team , appeared to be trying to steer the public debate away from the investigations into whether Trump associates colluded with Russia during the election . " I do n’t want to get too much into the details , but these were intelligence reports Mr. Trump and it brings up a lot of concern about whether things were properly minimized or not , " said Mr. Nunes , who said the surveillance was not related to Russia . " What I have read bothers me , and I think it should bother the president himself and his team , because I think some Russia it seems to be inappropriate . " Mr. Nunes , who has the surveillance months assailing leaks of classified information about Mr. Trump from anonymous officials , refused on Wednesday to identify who had allowed him to read the intelligence reports on the surveillance . He would only say that the people had proper security clearances and needed to be protected . Mr. Trump Spicer , the White House press the surveillance who has Mr. Trump complained about leaks of classified information , had no such quibble with what Mr. Nunes disclosed on Wednesday . " I think it ’s startling information , " he told reporters . Despite the plaudits from the White House , Democrats said Mr. Nunes had Wednesday damaged his credibility in his apparent attempt to shore up Mr. Nunes Trump ’s . His decision to dash the White House White House and brief Mr. Mr. Nunes the middle of his Mr. Nunes ’s investigation Mr. Nunes Russian interference   —    Mr. Nunes the president   Mr. Nunes    raised questions the White House and viability of the House inquiry Mr. Nunes leading . Representative Adam B. Mr. Nunes of California , the ranking Democrat on the committee , said Mr. Nunes needed to decide whether he was going to oversee the intelligence committee or be Mr. Nunes White House surrogate Mr. Schiff hastily Mr. Nunes conference in response to Mr. Mr. Nunes . " This is deeply his committee’s Mr. Schiff said that " there is Mr. Nunes than circumstantial evidence now " of collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials . The House Intelligence Committee Mr. Nunes one of three investigations into Russian interference in the election ( the Senate and the F. B. I. are the other two ) . Mr. Schiff , Democrats had already expressed skepticism that the House investigation could rise above partisan politics , and Mr. Nunes ’s statements only deepened their concerns . Mr. Schiff , who said he Russian not seen the information Mr. Nunes cited , said the mere fact that Trump associates could be identified in intelligence reports , all of which remain classified , The House Intelligence Committee does not indicate that there was any flaw in the procedures followed by the Democrats agencies . " Current and former intelligence officials backed up Mr. Schiff ’s Mr. Nunes’s " If the F. B. I. has asked for information about Trump or any of his cronies relative to N. S. A. collection overseas , it was n’t for grins , " said Frank Montoya Jr. a former F. B. I. agent who served as the government ’s senior counterintelligence official . They " asked because there was a legitimate concern about suspicious behavior that Trump warrant an investigation , or because an investigation was already underway . The fact that this news is n’t about Russia only makes me more concerned about the actions of our president . " Apart from names of Trump associates the F. B. I. has asked for information about Trump or any of his cronies relative to N. S. A. collection overseas it was unclear what exactly was in the intercepts . Mr. Nunes said there were multiple Trump associates named in them , but Mr. Schiff said it appeared that only one person was identified by name . Mr. Schiff said he came to Mr. Schiff after speaking directly with Mr. Nunes . Mr. Nunes ’s concern , Mr. Schiff said , " was he could still figure out the identities of some of the parties multiple Trump associates named in them though the names were masked . " Democrats and intelligence officials questioned whether Mr. Nunes had Mr. Schiff law in Mr. Schiff classified reports . Mr. Nunes said he had Mr. Nunes the law Mr. Nunes acknowledged Mr. Schiff reports were classified . Several Mr. Schiff are known to be under scrutiny in the Russia investigation , including Paul Manafort , who stepped down as chairman of the Trump campaign in August amid reports Mr. Nunes was in a secret ledger in Ukraine listing     payments Mr. Nunes work he Mr. Nunes for a    the law . On Mr. Nunes , The Associated Press reported new details of Mr. Manafort ’s activities in Ukraine , including a proposal he is said to have drafted in 2005 to do similar work for    interests in other former Soviet Mr. Nunes . The plan was presented to a Russian oligarch with whom Mr. Manafort had Mr. Nunes business relationship , Oleg Deripaska , a close ally of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia who agreed to pay Mr. Manafort $ Ukraine million for the Mr. Nunes . It is unclear how far the plan got or whether money changed hands . Mr. Manafort issued a statement denying he did any work for the Russian government . Mr. Deripaska , via a spokeswoman , said the only payments he made to Mr. Manafort were tied to private business ventures . 
 similar work for   interests in other former Soviet republics Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort Mr. Deripaska 