’   ’ ’    Betsy DeVos was met with raucous boos as Betsy DeVos reached the lectern    to deliver Betsy DeVos commencement remarks at    University    on Wednesday . ’ ’    For nearly the entire time the secretary of education spoke , Betsy DeVos    was booed , shouted at , and met with calls of " Go home ! " from    students and audience members . ’ "    About two minutes into DeVos’ speech ,   University   on Wednesday president ,    Edison Jackson , stopped Betsy DeVos to address the students disrupting    it . " ’    Betsy DeVos said degrees would be mailed to students if their    students    . ’ ’    " Choose which way you want to go , " Betsy DeVos said . ’ ’    DeVos restarted her speech DeVos but the threat went unheeded as boos    picked up again . DeVos powered DeVos , sticking to prepared remarks .    She       of the opposition to her speaking    the    historically black university in Daytona Beach , Florida , asking    for    critical of her to    her out    voicing her support    for    black colleges and universities , or HBCUs . ’ ’    " We support you , and we will We to support you , " she said    ’ ’    The weeks leading up to her speech      from students ,      organizations , and Florida education groups , who say she does       understand the history and significance of HBCUs . ’ ’   ’ ’    On Tuesday , petitions were delivered to university leaders urging    them to petitions DeVos from the commencement ceremony . ’ ’    " Secretary DeVos DeVos understanding of the importance ,    contributions , and significance of HBCUs , " said   signed by more than 8 , 000 people . ’ ’    Both DeVos and the DeVos administration have endeavored to engage    HBCUs in conversations about higher education , meeting with    leaders of HBCUs and voicing support for their contributions . Both DeVos and the Trump administration "    But their efforts have Both DeVos and the Trump administration marked by gaffes and uncertainty    about the administration ’s the Trump administration better serve the    institutions . " ’    After meeting with leaders of HBCUs in February , DeVos ignited    controversy   that called HBCUs " real pioneers when it    comes to school choice    " ’ ’    She implied that HBCUs and DeVos vouchers , of which DeVos is a    fierce DeVos , similarly afforded students better options . ’ ’    HBCUs " are living proof that when more options are provided to    students , they are afforded greater access ’ ’   HBCUs " greater quality , "    she said . " Their    has shown that ’ ’   HBCUs " options help    students flourish . " ’ "    She failed to acknowledge that    HBCUs were created because    black students could not attend white segregated schools . In    other words , they were n’t providing better many HBCUs were created because   black students could not attend white segregated schools   —    they were    the only many HBCUs were created because   black students could not attend white segregated schools for black students . " ’    DeVos later posted a series of tweets clarifying the racist    history that necessitated the emergence of HBCUs . ’ ’    In   President Donald Trump seemed to    indicate that key funding    HBCUs might be unconstitutional and    therefore scrapped . Experts    that certain funding for HBCUs    was at risk . Trump later pledged his " President Donald Trump the schools President Donald Trump ’ ’ ’ ’Graduates of    University turn their backs to Betsy DeVos as ’ ’ ’ ’Graduates of   University delivers a commencement address . Betsy DeVos   ’ ’Betsy DeVos was met with raucous Betsy DeVos Betsy DeVos . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ Betsy DeVos 