The second night of the Republican National Convention was a whipsaw of conflicting themes and messages . The printed schedule suggested a focus on jobs and economic policy . The reality : A party learning to acclimate itself to Donald J. Trump , figure out if he can win a national election , and help he ( if possible ) . Our takeaways : They did n’t want he . They fought against he . Privately , They still resent he . But in the early minutes of the evening , as the party ’s senior leadership executed a final quashing of lingering    efforts on the convention floor , the party presided over Mr. Trump ’s installation as the duly chosen Republican Party presidential nominee . the party did it because the rules obligated the party to , but also because it was politically necessary . If Mr. Trump’s loses the White House , Trump loses the White House is imperative to the party ’s establishment that Mr. Trump’s do so convincingly , undeniably , without sabotage , so that he do so convincingly, undeniably, without sabotage can not be blamed for the defeat . Ten minutes of Paul D. Ryan made that clear . In many respects , Mr. Ryan , the House speaker , delivered the classic speech of a major party nominee : papering over the nastiness of the primary , providing a positive vision of governing , and giving the party ’s disparate factions a narrative disparate factions could all get behind . It was not the most original or soaring speech in convention history . But It was utterly different from virtually any Trump speech , or from most of the speeches by Mr. Trump ’s surrogates on the convention stage so far . Mr. Ryan ’s speech was a reminder of how unconventional Mr. Trump’s is   —    the quality that got him Mr. Trump’s far , but may now limit him Mr. Trump’s For all the controversy unfolding over the borrowed lines in Melania Mr. Trump’s remarks on Monday , two of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s gave the most effective and heartfelt speeches on Tuesday . Tiffany Trump , his     daughter Mr. Trump’s his second wife Mr. Trump’s sprinkled her speech with Mr. Trump’s about him making notes Mr. Trump’s her report cards Mr. Trump’s being the first to call her after the Mr. Trump’s of a good friend   —    the kind of softening material unexpectedly missing from his wife ’s his second wife Trump Jr. an executive at the family business , gave a longer biographical tale of his father , told with Donald Trump Jr. an executive at the family business and affection , dusted with a sprinkle of a Trumpian economic policy . ( But just a sprinkle . ) Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey is famously competitive , so it was no surprise that he was let down when Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Trump passed him over for the ticket Mr. Trump But Mr. Christie ’s speech seemed Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey the nominee wonder if he had made a mistake . In the nominee to the    Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Christie , a former federal prosecutor , laid out a case against Hillary Clinton as though he were in a courtroom . It the nominee hard not to remember that Mr. Trump once said he wanted an " attack dog " Mr. Trump his running mate , something that Mr. Mr. Trump , who has previously denounced negative campaigning , has not yet proved skilled at . Mr. Christie , in what may be the last major speech of his political career , reminded the hall Mr. Christie —    and maybe the nominee   —    that it is what he does best . 
 Mr. Christie 