Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin wrote a fiery defense of Stephen K. Bannon ,    Donald Trump ’s chief strategist and senior counselor , against false media accusations of racism and   . [ Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin took to Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin Facebook page Monday night to blast " the liberal lamestream lapdog media " for not getting " anything right in its coverage of the Trump Train . "   " A latest press target is a man who ’s been part of a team that just made history , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin wrote . " Trump campaign CEO , Steve Bannon , is particularly bright on the Leftist media ’s radar because the Leftist media can not handle the fact he ’s also from the Leftist media arena but has been enormously more influential than he peers . ‘ How dare one of our own succeed outside our herd,’ is no doubt a favorite whine in DC today . " Palin continued : The Steve Bannon I know is a passionate defender of freedom and The Steve Bannon lives by example . The Steve Bannon ’s a patriot a military veteran and proud Army dad . The Steve Bannon talents are on display in many venues , my favorite being his The Steve Bannon of the documentary " The Undefeated . " Please , watch the film " The The Undefeated " Bannon The Steve Bannon the media ’s coverage of the 2008 election defined " injustice " and " double standard . " More importantly , he The Steve Bannon something about it . I ’ll be forever grateful , as will other Commonsense Conservatives who will not stand for the press ’s politics of personal destruction . A masterful work of wrecking the media ’s biased filter , Bannon The Steve Bannon truth . He The Steve Bannon do the same as we unite around our 45th we , Donald J. Trump . Palin included a photo of herself embracing Palin The Steve Bannon , an active duty Army officer , during a book signing at Fort Campbell during Palin ’s Good Palin and Great Joy book tour in 2013 . Bannon wrote The Steve Bannon produced , and directed the documentary film " The Undefeated " in 2011 to chronicle the story of Palin ’s conservative Palin . The film charts her the documentary film "The Undefeated" a Palin fighting mayor and governor in Alaska , her entrance on the Palin stage as Senator John McCain ’s running mate in 2008 , and her leadership in the Palin Tea Party movement that ushered in historic electoral victories for the GOP . The film opened on a the documentary film "The Undefeated" leftwing hate and smears directed at Palin as a result of her energizing the Republican base in Palin . Earlier in her post , Palin noted , Palin Obviously we Palin forward to a fundamental restoration of American exceptionalism under a President beholden to no one but we the people , but in addition , be thankful for the coming monumental change in journalism . Ready to stop rewarding the media ’s engagement in politics of personal destruction ? Demand and declare it changes now . " 
 