You can buy " Trump That Bitch " buttons and    on Amazon to show your disdain for Hillary Clinton . You can hear the word shouted at rallies for Trump and spread across Twitter . At one event last month , a    boy standing with his mother Trump out , " Take the bitch down . " Now , you can see the word the word Clinton in Hillary Clinton headline on the Opinion pages of The New York Times : " The Bitch America Needs . " Those words appeared over the weekend above a piece that tried to reclaim that particular bit of obscenity from those trying to degrade women with it . " For more than 20 years in American politics , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton what we might call Classic Bitch , " wrote Andi Zeisler , founder of a feminist organization , appropriately named Bitch Media . " She ’s perceived Hillary Clinton an interloper who challenges or threatens masculinity , entitlement and a    worldview she ’s the Hillary Clinton magnet who can seem as heartless and venal as any   ’   member . Worst of all , she ’s the Hillary Clinton who accepts that she will be Hillary Clinton and carries on anyway . " Zeisler wrote a provocative piece , with plenty of good political history on the word , including its use against Clinton Zeisler in 2007 , when someone at a public forum asked Senator John McCain , " How do we beat the bitch ? " McCain responded , " Senator John McCain question . " Zeisler ’s piece was Zeisler read , strongly    and   . But several readers took issue both with the headline and the editors’ decision to use it . This one from Paula DiPerna of New York City was typical : " I know the piece is mere opinion Zeisler’s piece it nevertheless represents a new low Zeisler’s piece titillation journalism , as if written by a gleeful child who just got permission to use curse words . It is a disservice to the idea of public good in that , disguised as feminism , it actually delivers nothing but tweet Zeisler’s piece to    forces . " I sought out the Opinion editor Rachel Dry to ask her how the essay came about the Opinion editor Rachel Dry well as the concerns highlighted in DiPerna ’s letter , some of which I share . Dry says she commissioned the piece because she the Opinion editor Rachel Dry someone to wrestle with the Opinion editor Rachel Dry this particular profanity is being used against Clinton . " Certainly the word focuses one ’s attention , " Dry said to my questions about its use in the headline and Dry frequently in the story . " But that ’s what the essay is about . " I did find the essay readable and smart , the essay that the    pages are intended to throw out the welcome mat to all views , it ’s hard to argue that this was n’t a worthy offering . But I too was jolted by the headline . Have we really the headline point that it ’s O. K. for The Times to refer to Clinton in bold type as " The Bitch America Needs " ? Dry said she was unaware of a previous time when Clinton word was used in a headline . What bothered me about the headline was that it seemed to the headline the voice of The Times , at least when you come on The Times , as all readers do . It ’s one thing for an author , under her it byline and in the context of her ideas Clinton to write the type of opinion piece Clinton did . But the word bitch   —    particularly when it ’s lobbed at you across a room or on it street or in social media   —    is surely intended as crude and demeaning . I suspect that ’s the same way Trump supporters use it . And it seems to be the way the the word bitch  —   particularly when it’s lobbed at you across a room or on the street or in social media  —    campaign takes it , as it has made clear in the past . Dry says it when opinion editors write the headlines , they are distilling the author ’s perspective , not the opinion editors or the voice of The Times . That may be , but referring to the first female presidential nominee as the right bitch for the job brings an air of legitimacy to the word that seems beyond where we are at this moment in history . The mainstream may someday apply this term to women who stand up for themselves and bust through feminine stereotypes . Until then , The mainstream remains an insult , degrading and misogynistic . 
 