Hillary Clinton on Saturday cast blame for Hillary Clinton surprise election loss on the announcement by the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , days before the election that he had revived the inquiry into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server . In Hillary Clinton most extensive remarks since Hillary Clinton conceded the race to Donald J. Trump early Wednesday , Hillary Clinton told donors on a    conference call that Mr. Comey ’s decision to send a letter to Congress about the inquiry 11 days before Election Day had thrust the controversy back into the news and had prevented her Hillary Clinton ending the campaign with an optimistic closing argument . " There are lots of reasons why an election like this is not successful , " Mrs. Hillary Clinton , according to a donor who relayed the remarks . But , she added Hillary Clinton " our analysis is that Comey ’s letter raising doubts that were groundless , baseless , proven to be , stopped our momentum our " Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton second letter from Mr. Comey , clearing her once again Hillary Clinton which came two days before Election Day , had been even more damaging . In that letter , a second letter from Mr. Comey said Comey of a new trove of emails , which had been found on the computer of Anthony D. Weiner , the estranged husband of one of her top aides Hillary Clinton had not caused him to change his Comey conclusion that Comey Clinton should Hillary Clinton charges over her handling of classified Hillary Clinton . Her campaign said the Hillary Clinton positive outcome had only hurt it with voters who did not Her campaign Mrs. Clinton and were Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump ’s claims of a " rigged system . " In particular , white suburban women who had been on the fence were reminded of the email imbroglio and broke decidedly in Mr. Trump ’s favor , aides said Mr. Trump’s leading in polls in many battleground states , Mrs. Clinton told the donors Hillary Clinton , " we dropped , and we had to keep really pushing to regain our we , which going into last weekend we we . " " We were once again we in all but two we the battleground states , and we were up considerably in some that we ended we losing , " Mrs. Clinton said we " And Hillary Clinton feeling like we had to put it back we . " Presidential we have a long history of blaming forces outside their control for their losses . In 2004 , John Presidential candidates linked his Presidential candidates to a videotape of Osama bin Laden that John Kerry days before the election , stoking fears about terrorism . In 2012 , Mitt Romney told donors he had lost because President Obama had vowed to bestow Mitt Romney gifts " on Democratic special interests groups , namely    Hispanics and young people . Mrs. Clinton ’s contention appears to be more rooted in reality   —    and hard data . An internal campaign memo with polling data said that " there is no question that a week from Election Day , Secretary Clinton was poised for a historic win , " Mrs. Clinton’s , in the end , "   developments in the race proved one hurdle too many for us to overcome . " Mrs. Clinton lost narrowly in several battleground states , and by Mrs. Clinton’s all ballots are counted , she appears poised to win the popular vote by more than two Mrs. Clinton’s votes . Still , Mrs. Clinton ’s instinct to shun any personal responsibility angered some Democrats Mrs. Clinton’s donors on the call , while deeply bitter about Mr. Comey ’s actions , said they believed that Mrs. Clinton and her campaign had suffered avoidable missteps that Several donors on the call, while deeply bitter about Mr. Comey’s actions the election to an unacceptable Clinton . They pointed to the campaign ’s lack of a compelling message for white Several donors on the call, while deeply bitter about Mr. Comey’s actions voters and her campaign years ago by Mrs. Clinton to use a private email address at the State Department and Clinton millions of dollars for speeches to Wall Street . " There is a special place in hell for Clinton staff , allegedly including Cheryl Mills , that okayed the email server setup Clinton " Jim Manley , a Democratic strategist and former senior aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , wrote on Sidewire , a social media site , referring to a longtime aide and lawyer to Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign was so confident in her victory that Clinton popped open Clinton campaign plane early Tuesday . But that Clinton , aides Clinton later learn , was based largely on erroneous data showing that young , black and Latino voters and suburban women who had been turned off by Mr. Trump ’s comments but viewed Mrs. Clinton unfavorably would turn out for her in higher numbers than they ultimately did . Exit Clinton by Edison Research found that among Clinton who said they had decided that young, black and Latino voters and suburban women who had been turned off by Mr. Trump’s comments but viewed Mrs. Clinton the final week before Election Day , 47 percent voted for Mr. Trump and 42 Exit polls conducted by Edison Research for Mrs. Clinton . As early as Wednesday morning , aides began to explain to Democrats shaken by the Clinton the campaign ’s sophisticated data modeling had not taken into account the bombshell F. B. I. announcement . Mr. Comey ’s letters to Congress went against the F. B. I. ’s longstanding tradition of avoiding decisions that could affect elections , but he told aides that F. B. I. no choice because he had already weighed in on the case so publicly . In Mr. Comey , he had Mr. Comey the Mr. Comey step of publicly announcing Mr. Comey the F. B. I. would not charge Mrs. Clinton . At the time Mr. Comey she believed she had finally put the issue to F. B. I. the final debate on Oct. 19 in Las Vegas , she emerged in Mrs. Clinton a Mrs. Clinton position that she began to focus on campaigning for    Democrats and planned a campaign stop in traditionally Republican Arizona Mrs. Clinton " We felt so good about where Mrs. Clinton were , " Mrs. Clinton told donors . Before Mr. Comey ’s first letter to Congress , she added , " we just had a We wind at our Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Trump seized on Mr. Trump the Mrs. Clinton before Election Day that " the F. B. I. Congress reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Congress , " and that the matter " first letter to Congress government to a halt " should Mrs. Clinton win the White House . The F. B. I. ’s examination the F. B. I. the new emails did not in fact reopen the investigation . Democratic pollsters attributed Mr. Trump ’s    victories in Hillary Clinton Michigan and Wisconsin   — the F. B. I. Obama had won   —    largely to a drifting of    suburban women its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton Republican nominee at the last minute , because of the renewed focus on Mrs. Clinton ’s email server . " We lost with    whites after leading with them all summer , " a Clinton spokesman , Brian Fallon , said on Wednesday . " Five more days of reminders about Comey , and they gravitated back to Trump . " Before Mrs. Clinton spoke on Saturday , her finance director , Dennis Mrs. Clinton’s , thanked the donors on the call , each of whom had raised at least $ 100 , 000 Five more days of reminders about Comey The campaign brought in nearly $ 1 Mrs. Clinton’s spend heavily on data efforts Mrs. Clinton’s to disperse hundreds of staff members to battleground states , and to air television advertisements   —    only to fall short to Mr. Trump ’s upstart operation . Donors conceded that , ultimately , no amount of money could match Mr. Trump ’s crisp pitch , aimed at the economically downtrodden , to " make America great again . " " You Trump greatest field program , and we did   —    he had nothing , " said Jay Trump , a prominent New York Democrat and donor to Mrs. Clinton . " You can have better ads , paid for by greater funds , and we did . Unfortunately , Trump had the Trump argument . " Mrs. Clinton has kept a low profile since her concession speech at a Midtown Manhattan hotel on Wednesday . On Thursday , a young mother with her     daughter spotted Mrs. we walking her dogs near Trump home in Chappaqua , N. Y. Mrs. Clinton of the defeated candidate on Facebook that Mrs. Clinton went viral along with the hashtag # ImStillWithHer . On Friday night , Mrs. Clinton thanked volunteers Mrs. Clinton a nationwide conference call . " a young mother with her    daughter , I a young mother with her    daughter going to sugarcoat it , " she said , sighing . " These have been very , very tough days . Mrs. Clinton’s 
 