As part of Sunday ’s new WikiLeaks drop , an email chain shows that immediately upon receiving the news that the gunman responsible for the San Bernardino terrorist shooting that left 14 people dead and 22 injured had an Islamic name , top Clinton officials were unhappy and Clinton chairman John Podesta suggested it would be " better " if a person with an American name had done the shooting . [ Matt Ortega , liaison for the Clinton Clinton , began the chain by sending out a tweet from MSNBC host Chris Hayes with the email subject line " Tweet | NBC reports a shooter ’s name . "   NBC News now reporting a US citizen named Sayeed Farouk believed to be one of the people involved in the shooting .   —    Christopher Hayes ( @chrislhayes ) December 3 , 2015 ,   Karen Finney —   spokesman for the Clinton 2016 presidential campaign and former MSNBC host wrote a terse response to this NBC News now reporting a US citizen named Sayeed Farouk Damn , Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta fired back the following a terse response to this news if a guy named Sayeed Farouk was reporting that a guy named Christopher Hayes was the shooter . Breitbart News NBC News now reporting a US citizen named Sayeed Farouk out to John Podesta via twitter to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta this would be " better . " Podesta had not responded at press Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta . Madrid couple Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik carried out the attack at a Christmas party held at the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health as an act of jihad against the United States . Farook , an employee of that department , was an    the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health Pakistani descent . His wife , Malik , was Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik an   citizen of Pakistani descent of the United States . After the shooting ,    candidate the United States for his ban on Muslims entering the United States " until our country candidate Donald Trump representatives can figure out the United States on . " 
 