The New York Times , the    " paper of record , " has declared that the    swing state of Ohio is no longer an important battleground in the presidential election   —    now that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is winning it . [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump pulled ahead of Clinton in the Buckeye State in the RealClearPolitics poll average on Sep. 13 , and has never looked back . The latest average , as of Sep. 24   —    prior to the first presidential debate on Sep. 26   —    has Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ahead of Clinton by 2 % .   Earlier in September , the Times was declaring Ohio " an essential swing state , " where Governor John Kasich threatened to destroy Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump presidential hopes by withholding his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and denying Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump operation . The the Times the Times " No candidate since 1960 has made it to No candidate since 1960 White House without winning Ohio . And while Mrs. Clinton could afford to lose there given her advantage Mrs. Clinton other battlegrounds like Virginia and Colorado , Ohio is Ohio    for Mr. Trump . " Now that Trump is Mr. Trump the " " the Times has revised its view the Times Ohio ’s Ohio " After decades as one of America ’s most reliable political bellwethers , an inevitable presidential battleground that closely mirrored the mood and makeup of the country , America suddenly Ohio in importance this year , " writes Jonathan Martin , who notes that Clinton has basically conceded the state . Ohio Trump ’s unyielding    campaign and Mrs. Clinton ’s difficulty energizing Clinton young voters Ohio it a lesser focus for Democrats this year , even as it this year to Mr. Trump ’s path it the White House Mr. Trump explains ( emphasis added ) . That bit of Mr. Trump history is necessary to avoid drawing the alternative conclusion , which is that Trump ’s success in the bellwether state of Ohio could Mr. Trump success elsewhere as well . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 