Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump plans to repeal a raft of President Barack Obama ’s executive actions in Donald Trump first day in office , Donald Trump incoming White House press secretary said Sunday .   Members of the transition team are meeting this This Week discuss what actions the President Barack Obama’s undertake on day one , a source told CNN Monday .   Sean Spicer , Trump Donald Trump White House press secretary White House on ABC ’s " This Week " that Trump will Donald Trump " repeal a lot of the regulations and actions that have been taken by this administration over the last eight years that have hampered both economic growth and job creation . "   It was one of two moves Spicer said Trump will Donald Trump immediately after he takes Donald Trump oath of office .   He did Donald Trump specify which executive actions Trump will Donald Trump .   However , Trump has Donald Trump been critical of Obama ’s moves on immigration , energy regulation and foreign policy , and could look for ways to undo those and other actions .   Spicer also said Trump will Donald Trump Spicer intended to " bring a new brand to Washington " with a restriction on members of his administration Donald Trump lobbyists for a period of five years after they leave Trump ’s Donald Trump . members of his administration It ’s very " Spicer said . " What we Spicer had in the past is people who have looked in the rearview mirror .   This time , we ’re thinking forward .   we you want to serve in a Trump administration , you ’re going to serve this country , not yourself . " Historically on Inauguration Day , presidents have signed executive orders as well as presidential orders presenting the nomination of Cabinet officials .   But some of those executive orders never amount to executive orders as well as presidential orders presenting the nomination of Cabinet officials example , on his Inauguration Day , President Barack Obama announced a number of executive orders , including one mandating the prompt closure of the US prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Eight years later , the prison remains open . 
 the US prison 