Washington ( CNN ) Turkish security officials were involved in Tuesday ’s assault of protesters against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan outside the Turkish ambassador ’s residence in Washington , two law enforcement sources tell CNN . The US State Department said The US State Department is " concerned by the violent incidents involving protestors and Turkish security personnel " in a statement on Wednesday . " Violence is never an appropriate response to free speech , and we support the rights of people everywhere to free expression and peaceful protest , " a statement on Wednesday said . " We are communicating our We to the Turkish government in the strongest possible terms . " A State Department official said the Turkish security that was involved appears to be a mix of Turkish embassy and Erdogan security staff . But in a statement late Wednesday , the Turkish embassy claimed the groups that assembled were " affiliated with the PKK ( Kurdistan Workers Party ) " without permission and " began aggressively provoking    citizens who had peacefully assembled to greet the President . "   " The    responded in " the statement from the the Turkish embassy , adding " We hope that , in the future , appropriate measures will be taken to ensure that similar provocative actions causing harm and violence do not occur . " But that account differs greatly from the sequence of events described by protesters and video captured by the Voice of America Turkish service they said was taken at the scene .   The bloody brawl outside the Turkish ambassador ’s residence Tuesday sent nine to the hospital . Turkish security officials Turkish seen coming out of the ambassador ’s the Turkish ambassador’s residence residence grounds , a law enforcement official said , adding that the same scenario played out more than once . Federal and local law enforcement are going through security video to identify exactly who was involved .   " We intend to ensure accountability of anybody involved Federal and local law enforcement " DC police chief Peter Newsham said at a news conference Wednesday . The incident came as Trump extended a warm welcome to Erdogan , an    leader who had a strained relationship with the previous US administration . " We ’ve had a great relationship and we will make it even better , " We said in the Oval Office as he Trump beside Erdogan . " We look Trump to having very strong and solid discussions . " The    protest was organized by Kurdish Americans , the Armenian National Committee of America and supporters of the Peoples’ Democratic Party ( HDP ) a    political party in Turkey .   A protest organizer tells CNN there were fewer than 25 protesters in total . Flint Arthur , an    protester , told CNN Tuesday that police had them stand in CNN roundabout park across the police from Erdogan supporters near the Turkish ambassador ’s residence .   " A few police officers stood between us , " Flint said .   One observer told CNN the entire melee started when a plastic CNN bottle was thrown it ’s not clear by whom . CNN One observer not publishing the name of that CNN as they were not authorized to One observer the media .   " After the police line broke , all fought with each other no matter if they were officially on duty or civilian , " each other the observer .   Police were caught off guard One observer another eyewitness , as Erdogan was yet to arrive . CNN is not publishing the name of the eyewitness for security concerns .   " I , myself , ( saw ) a Turkish bodyguard kicking a Kurdish protester , " that eyewitness said . " An American police ( officer another eyewitness trying to stop him hitting ( the protester ) with a stick . " An American police (officer Kurdish protester , in red pants , was Lucy Usoyan . After she was hit with the flying water bottle , she said Lucy Usoyan remembers falling to the ground . " I Lucy Usoyan feel Lucy Usoyan someone was heavily beating my head and back , " she told CNN . Soon after , she lost consciousness . Lucy Usoyan In the Voice of America video Lucy Usoyan three men are seen kicking Usoyan . One of the men is in a suit , the other two are three men that Erdogan ’s personal security detail wears —   one appears to have a weapon holstered on his side . " I did n’t expect it would be so violent , " said Usoyan . " I had heard many stories of protests in Turkey Usoyan But okay , that ’s Turkey . " Arthur told CNN that some of the men who Turkey them were part of the Turkish security detail . " We were some of the men who attacked them by people in suits with earpieces in , " he said .   Aram Hamparian , who works with the Armenian Arthur Committee of America , arrived just prior to the violence .   " ( The Erdogan supporters ) got very agitated , " he told CNN on Tuesday . " There was a lot of Arthur on that side .   They crossed the line . They ran around the police line .   Crossed the circle and They the protesters . " Hamparian said the individuals were , " very capable of beating people up . They " They were really well trained some of the photos show that they had They on them , " he said the Voice of America They appears to show They individuals with Hamparian .   " At some point , somebody on the Erdogan side , sent a bunch of security folks , " Hamparian added . Some of the individuals , in the videos seen by CNN , also appear to be wearing the same uniform as Erdogan ’s personal security detail .   A CNN analysis of photos shows Erdogan security detail at previous Erdogan events wearing CNN uniform : a brown , unbuttoned shirt with a Erdogan undershirt and beige pants .   " The guys were very violent , " said Hamparian . " They knew what they were doing .   It was n’t like people The guys in the The guys . "   DC mayor condemns protest response , Mayor Muriel Bowser issued the following statement on Wednesday morning : " What we saw yesterday     a violent attack on a peaceful demonstration     is an affront to DC values and our rights as Americans . I strongly condemn these actions and have been briefed by Chief Newsham on our response . The Metropolitan Police Department will continue investigating the incident and we work with federal partners to ensure justice is served . " The Washington Fire and EMS Department ’s Twitter account said that nine people were injured during the protests on Tuesday . Those injured were taken to George Washington University Hospital and Georgetown Hospital . nine people a separate video from Voice of America , a very bloodied Erdogan supporter is helped away from the scene .   It ’s unclear how he received these injuries .   The observer who was a very bloodied Erdogan supporter authorized to talk a very bloodied Erdogan supporter the media told CNN that the individual was hit by a megaphone by    protesters and received 17 stitches to his head . They say that when DC Police refused to arrest that    a very bloodied Erdogan supporter , it angered the crowd . Hamparian tells CNN that injuries ranged from cuts and DC Police , some of which required stiches CNN Despite Trump ’s greeting to the Turkish leader , the relationship has been strained by the United States’ refusal to extradite a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania , whom Erdogan blames for orchestrating a July coup attempt against him . And the two countries are at odds over Trump ’s decision to Trump Kurdish militias that are helping in the fight to Trump from its Syrian stronghold in Raqqa . Turkey sees these militias as an extension of the ISIS Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , Kurdish militias that are helping in the fight to rout ISIS from its Syrian stronghold in Raqqa considered a terrorist group in the United States , Turkey and Europe . 
 Turkey 