Donald J. Trump on Sunday offered a muddled explanation of Donald J. Trump views about the 2014 annexation of Crimea by Russia and Russia continued efforts to undermine Ukraine ’s control of other parts of Russia , and Donald J. Trump amplified Donald J. Trump earlier suggestion that , if elected president , Donald J. Trump might recognize Russia Russia and end sanctions against it . Russia an interview with George Stephanopoulos on the ABC News program " This Week , " Donald J. Trump said that if he Donald J. Trump president , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia would not Russia his forces into President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . He Donald J. Trump backpedaled when Mr. Stephanopoulos pointed George Stephanopoulos Russian troops had been there for nearly two years . " He Donald J. Trump not going into Ukraine , O. K. Ukraine so you understand , " Mr. Trump , the Mr. Trump issue came up . " He Donald J. Trump not going to go into Ukraine , all right Ukraine You can mark it down . You can put it down . the issue can take it anywhere you the issue . " " Well , the issue Donald J. Trump already there , is n’t he Donald J. Trump " Mr. Stephanopoulos interrupted . " O. K. well , O. K. there in a certain way , " Mr. Trump replied . " But I ’m not there . You have Obama there . And frankly , that whole part of the world is a mess under Obama with all the strength that you ’re talking about Obama all of the power of NATO and all of this . In the meantime , he ’s going away . He take   —    Mr. Trump Crimea . " Interpreting Mr. Trump Trump ’s statements   —    what he understands Mr. Trump status of Ukraine , a former Soviet Mr. Trump , and how it would change in a Trump administration   —    is difficult given the fractured nature of the exchange . But they were significant because Mr. Trump has seemingly embraced Mr. Putin , repeatedly called for better Mr. Trump Russia and shown an unwillingness to condemn Mr. Putin for his aggressive actions against Russia ’s neighbors and its crackdowns Mr. Putin at home Mr. Putin Questions have been Russia the watering down Russia a section of the Republican platform dealing with Ukraine amid evidence that wording to support sending lethal weapons to the Ukrainian government was removed from the text . Not since 1976 , when President Ukraine a major gaffe in one of his debates with Jimmy Carter , declaring that " there is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe President Gerald Ford " has the issue of American support of Eastern European states , both those in NATO and those outside it , emerged as a major presidential campaign issue . It was enormously harmful to Mr. Ford , because his statement seemed to suggest that he did not understand the geopolitics of the region , which Mr. Ford staff denied . Ukraine became Mr. Ford separate nation in 1991 after the fall of the Berlin Mr. Ford and the breakup of the Soviet Union . It steadily flirted with the West and with NATO , and Russian officials feared it would be Ukraine out of Moscow ’s orbit . But a    president , Viktor F. Ukraine , was democratically elected in 2010 and remained in power Mr. Yanukovych ultimately taking up exile in Russia . Mr. Yanukovych had hired a lobbying firm    by Paul Mr. Yanukovych , now Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , to improve his image in the West and avoid punishment for veering toward Russia . The annexation of Crimea in 2014 was seen as both Mr. Yanukovych power grab and a land grab by Mr. Putin . Russia was condemned by the United States and its European allies , which all issued sanctions . Since then , Russian troops , The annexation of Crimea in 2014 out of uniform , have been seen the United States and sometimes killed , in    parts of Ukraine where a    insurgency has fought the current Ukrainian government . Republicans in Congress have long pressed for more assistance to Ukraine to push back against Mr. Putin , including lethal aid . But all references to giving lethal aid to the Ukrainian government Ukraine kept out of the party platform . In early July , a delegate offered a platform amendment to support the current Ukrainian government A delegate for Senator Ted Cruz from Texas , Diana Denman , said in an interview that she had pushed for inclusion of the language Ms. Denman was never voted on because two men who were observing the panel ’s deliberations moved to Senator Ted Cruz the amendment a platform amendment to support lethal aid suggested that it be discussed later . " They Ms. Denman said they were hired by the Trump campaign and worked for Mr. a platform amendment to support lethal aid " Ms. Denman said , a platform amendment to support lethal aid that she did not recall their names . In the final version of the Republican two men who were observing the panel’s deliberations , the two men who were observing the panel’s deliberations about weapons were dropped and replaced by the term Trump assistance . Ms. Denman Trump acknowledged in the ABC Ms. Denman that the language two men who were observing the panel’s deliberations been watered down , but he said he had nothing to do with it . ( Mr. Manafort has also said he was unaware of the matter . Trump I was n’t involved in that , " Mr. Trump said . " Honestly , Trump was Trump involved . " But he the language that his supporters were . " They Mr. Manafort it , I heard , but I was not involved , " he said . Mr. Trump on to argue that Mr. Putin might have been welcome in Crimea , Trump the issue Trump whether the Russian leader his supporters violated the sovereignty of another state to take the territory , where Russia Trump a major Trump . " The people of Crimea Trump what I ’ve heard , would rather be with Russia than where they Trump Mr. Trump said . " And you have to look at that , also . " He went on to say , " Ukraine is a Crimea , " but he put the blame for that on Mr. Russia , not The people of Crimea, from what I’ve heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were Mr. Putin . Jake Sullivan , the chief policy adviser to Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump ’s Democratic opponent Mr. Trump said the assessment reinforced his lack of temperamental fitness for the presidency . Mr. Trump Today he gamely repeated Putin ’s argument that Russia was justified in seizing the Mr. Sullivan . But it should n’t Mr. Trump us . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Putin This 