  ( CNN ) Michael Steel slipped quietly into CNN ’s nearly empty , makeshift Manchester , New Hampshire , bureau looking equal parts exhausted and relieved . Pulling off Michael Steel winter coat on that freezing February morning , the    veteran GOP operative shook my hand and exhaled for a minute , gathering the   veteran GOP operative before a television appearance . Jeb Bush , Michael Steel ’s boss and the former governor of Florida , had finished fourth in New Hampshire ’s crucial      primary . It was , to borrow Jon Huntsman ’s infamous 2012 phrase , " a ticket to ride " further in the campaign . Michael Steel was frustrated that Bush Jeb Bush been edged out for third place by Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . But South Carolina was next up , and Bush Jeb Bush well positioned there , he Jeb Bush . I nodded knowingly . " Definitely , " I replied . " Big night for you guys . Sets you up well for your South South Carolina . " This , of course , could n’t have been more wrong . There would be no " South Carolina South Carolina " Bush Jeb Bush be out of the race     and Steel out of his Jeb Bush as a top adviser     just 10 days later . But my error did not come about because Steel was spinning me ( though , as a    communications guy , there was most certainly an element of that ) . Instead , Steel and I Steel caught in the same vortex , a trap in which we assumed that the absurdity of the previous six months simply had to end at some point . Normalcy would eventually take over . Campaigns with actual strategies , ground operations and a grasp of election fundamentals would eventually take over . Sanity , in other words , would return . But it would n’t . And the inability of the Republican Party ’s smartest operatives ( of which Steel is one ) and most of the media ’s smartest reporters ( a group to which I do n’t belong , but to which plenty of my colleagues do ) to grasp that fact in real time is something that will forever define the 2016 cycle . In retrospect , it was n’t much of a secret . Donald Trump shot to the top of the GOP polls within a few weeks of entering the race . That never changed . Yet we     party operatives and journalists alike     kept searching for reasons he would fall Donald Trump of accepting the reality staring us in the face . The energy at the New York billionaire ’s rallies was unmatched . His supporters were Donald Trump in their support and His supporters more importantly , in their belief in His supporters candidate . His supporters it came to Jeb Bush , he ’d just Jeb Bush fourth in the state he ’d bet Jeb Bush entire campaign Jeb Bush . Fourth ! That ’s terrible ! Yet a South Carolina rebound seemed totally plausible to us . It was n’t . During the primaries , I covered New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( Date of Campaign Death :     New Hampshire ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ( DOCD :     Indiana ) with bits of Bush ( DOCD :     South Carolina ) Cruz ( DOCD :     Indiana ) and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida ( DOCD :     Florida ) . My producer and I jokingly called ourselves Team Grim Cruz (DOCD:    Indiana) and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida (DOCD:    Florida)     whichever campaign we began to Cruz (DOCD:    Indiana) and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida (DOCD:    Florida) seemed to face imminent death . But we had a Cruz (DOCD:    Indiana) and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida (DOCD:    Florida) ,    and    view of    the Republican Party ’s greatest hopes , smartest players and best advisers . Few , if any , detected their demise before smartest players and best advisers was too late . From the outside , it appeared like it movie " Groundhog Day , " in which the protagonist lives through the same day again and again . Each campaign and candidate continued to come up with increasingly unlikely pathways to try to beat Trump . But they were unable Each campaign and candidate remove themselves from the Each campaign and candidate universe they inhabited     Each campaign and candidate universe in which primary voters wanted to hear about issues and policies . One adviser , who shall remain nameless to protect his profanity , put it plainly over his profanity one night following a GOP debate . He ticked through his after policy on which Trump had diverged from Republican orthodoxy , quote after quote in which Trump had offended Trump segments of the population , regardless of party . Then he paused and his in a departure from months of relentless optimism and constant spin , admitted that the writing was finally on the wall for his boss . his into his Sam Adams his disbelief , he mumbled : his What the fuck happened ? " There ’s no question Trump tapped into something profound , and journalists and historians will expound on that for years to come . But from a pure campaign perspective , nothing struck me more than watching the professionals collapse as Trump ’s campaign Trump on infrastructure ,    donors , consultants and well , much of anything else that traditional campaigns rely on     proved both agile and unrelenting in its ( extraordinarily unorthodox     pursuit of victory . It was n’t a secret that Trump ’s tactics were Trump It ’s just that nobody It willing to believe it . 
 It 