Oroville , California   ( CNN ) With the water level at California ’s Lake Oroville dropping , authorities lifted a mandatory evacuation order , allowing tens of thousands of residents to return to homes near the reservoir ’s dam . But Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea on Tuesday cautioned residents and business owners to " maintain situational awareness " with a series of storms forecast for later in the week .   " People who have special needs or require extended time to evacuate should consider remaining evacuated , " Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said .   Heavy rains last week caused the lake level to rise until the water began to pour down the emergency spillway on Sunday . Authorities ordered people to leave the area when a hole developed in an eroded area of the spillway , affecting about 188 , 000 residents . Officials worried the the spillway fail , and one warned a "   wall of water " could flood the communities below the dam . Fears of such a disaster have largely been alleviated . Lake Oroville was down to a level of 887 feet on Tuesday , still 37 feet above where officials want it to be ahead of the forecast rain . Dump trucks and cement mixers shuttled in material as workers rushed to fortify the damaged emergency spillway , which allows excess water to run out when the lake level rises above 901 feet . They dropped Dump trucks and cement mixers white bags filled with rocks into the hole that had opened up in the spillway , and deposited large chunks of concrete to protect it from huge white bags filled with rocks into the hole that had opened up in the spillway erosion .   With the work being done to increase outflow , Bill Croyle , the state ’s acting director of water resources , did n’t expect that the emergency the spillway needed , particularly since less rainfall is expected this week than in previous storms . The spillway should be the spillway 24 hours , he said . " We Bill Croyle, the state’s acting director of water resources addressed the issue . .. but will continue to increase our mitigation measures to increase We ability to handle a    event , " Croyle told reporters .    Help from the air , Helicopters have been dropping bags of rocks into the gouged portion in an effort to plug the hole .   " Our crews are working around the clock ,    to try to get as much rock as possible onto the damaged spillway before the next storms come , " Cal Fire spokesman Josh Janssen said .   " We are feeling positive , " said Al Duncan , spokesman for the response team .   Janssen said the lake level Cal Fire spokesman Josh Janssen been dropping about a foot every three hours     and that rate could improve . " Lakes are shaped like funnels , so we could see the water level start to drop faster , " he said .   More Cal Fire spokesman Josh Janssen expected , The next wave of rainfall will come overnight Wednesday into Thursday , CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . A series of storms will follow and last through the weekend .   Rainfall over the next week could total 5 to 12 inches and will likely push hundreds of billions of gallons of water back into Lake Oroville , Hennen said . The National CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen Service forecast for the next seven days includes a chance of rain each day . Request for federal aid , Gov. Jerry Brown said he had requested federal response Gov. Jerry Brown . President Donald Trump on Tuesday approved federal funding through the the Federal Emergency Management Agency and declared an emergency in the state . " FEMA is authorized to identify the the Federal Emergency Management Agency mobilize , and provide , at its discretion , equipment and the the Federal Emergency Management Agency necessary to alleviate the effects of the emergency , " the an emergency said . White House press secretary Sean Spicer the White House the situation with the dam as " a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress . Dams , bridges , roads and all ports around the country have fallen into disrepair . " Tallest dam in the US , The Oroville Dam , the tallest dam in the United States , provides flood control for the region . The dam itself has no structural issues The Oroville Dam, the tallest dam in the United States two spillways that release water from the lake to prevent overflow have structural problems .   The main spillway , which is lined , or paved , has a hole almost the size of a football field and at least 40 feet deep . It ’s being used to drain the lake at The main spillway, which is lined, or paved rate of 100 , 000 the lake per second in an effort to reduce the water level . Normal flows down the main spillway are about 55 , 000 cubic feet per second . The emergency spillway , which is an embankment covered with trees , is a last resort and was used for the first time in its    history on Saturday . Lake water began washing a last resort it this weekend and prompted the evacuation order when officials Lake water damage .   How did we get here ?   Questions remain over how it got to this point at Lake Oroville . Why were n’t more efforts made to prevent spillway erosion after concerns were raised more than 10 years ago ? Croyle said he was " not familiar with 2005 documentation or conversation Croyle about spillway concerns and emphasized the efforts underway to understand the current dynamics of the more efforts made to prevent spillway erosion after concerns were raised more than 10 years ago " We ’re going to continue to work on the challenges we have , " he said . The governor defended the We ’s flood infrastructure Croyle and said Croyle " more scrutiny " as efforts continue . Evacuee : Croyle all been good to us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick said Tuesday she has always thought the Oroville Dam is one of the prettiest us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick in the county . " I do n’t think you even think about it . It ’s beautiful , you want to go look at the Oroville Dam , the Oroville Dam she said while folding clothes in the back of the Oroville Dam pickup . us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick , who had been forced from her home us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick into a shelter just off a rural    stretch us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick Oroville Bangor Highway , thinks that now " maybe it ’s not so pretty . "   She said when she first heard about the dam ’s problems , us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick did n’t us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick it . Then her landlord told her to us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick . She hastily the dam’s problems her things us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick " It us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick n’t sink in us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick away , us’ Oroville resident Cheri Rorick when it did you just kind of piled everything together and did what It could . I could n’t fit everything in my suitcase , so I just kind of brought it like that , " Rorick said , pointing at the suitcase It was trying to organize on the bed of her my suitcase   Rorick was staying at the shelter with her mother Rorick her aunt and Rorick , who are visiting from Ohio Rorick " They Rorick all been good to us here , " Rorick said .   
 Rorick 