MOSCOW   —    If Russia once maintained at least a semblance of distance from President Bashar    of Syria , Russia rushed to President Bashar   of Syria defense after the American missile strike ordered by President Trump on Thursday . the American missile strike ordered by President Trump on Thursday cemented MOSCOW more closely than ever to the notorious Syrian autocrat . Even as the United States condemned Mr. Assad for gassing his Mr. Assad citizens and held Russia partly responsible , given its the United States promise to rid Syria of chemical weapons , the Kremlin kept denying that Syria Syria any such capability . By championing Mr. Mr. Assad condemning American " aggression , " President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia seemed Russia be burying the idea that he could President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia cooperate with the Trump administration to end the conflict on his terms President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia The solidarity with Damascus is likely to cause problems for Russia in Russia long run , analysts said , although Mr. Putin President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia not be persuaded to loosen his embrace any President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia soon . The Russian Russia its time to react Russia major world events , but the Kremlin issued a prompt statement early Friday castigating the United States for the missile strike on Al Shayrat airfield in retaliation for Syria ’s chemical weapons attack . The Russian Ministry of Defense vowed to strengthen Syria ’s air defense systems Syria’s a frigate on a port call and froze an agreement with the United States to coordinate the United States air space . " Putin made a choice   —    to underline that Assad is his ally , " said Aleksandr Morozov , Putin independent political analyst . " This will lead to Russia ’s further isolation , but Putin will stand his ground . " Mr. Putin and other Putin consider the policy Aleksandr Morozov, an independent political analyst First , Mr. Trump and his secretary of state , Rex W. Tillerson , have painted Russia as at least partially responsible for the carnage among civilians that Russia fomented by the Assad government . " Moscow ’s main problem is not that Russia made a strike but that Trump and Tillerson have toughened their rhetoric on Syria and Assad , " said Vladimir Frolov , a foreign the U. S. made a strike but that Trump and Tillerson have toughened their rhetoric on Syria and Assad analyst and columnist for Republic . ru . He added , " They have said that Russia is responsible for Assad ’s ru and that it the U. S. made a strike but that Trump and Tillerson have toughened their rhetoric on Syria and Assad n’t fulfill its responsibilities in terms of Assad disarmament . " The Russia attack in the Russia town of Khan Sheikhoun on Tuesday killed more than 80 people and afflicted Mr. Assad Thursday that sarin , a banned nerve agent , had been used . The United States responded by firing almost 60 cruise missiles at the air base , which housed the warplanes used in the chemical attack . The local governor said five military men and two civilians died The chemical attack in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun on Tuesday in continuing deadly attacks on civilians , Mr. Assad seems to want to pursue a military victory at any cost , putting a lie to Russia ’s statements that a negotiated settlement is the sole solution . That risks dragging out a war that Mr. Putin has depicted at home as quick , cheap and easy at a time when many Russians have been struggling economically . Trying to keep the length and cost of the war down is a crucial reason that the Russians will avoid escalating any conflict with the United States , analysts said . " Russia wants to end the conflict Russians diminish its military and economic presence , " said Andrei Frolov , a defense analyst and the managing editor of the Moscow Defense Brief Russia With the next Russian presidential campaign scheduled to start by the end of the year , he said , " there is no need to continue a war outside the country with a weak explanation for the Russian people Andrei Frolov, a defense analyst and the managing editor of the Moscow Defense Brief Russia is staying there . " A poll by the independent Levada Russia March found that almost 20 percent of Russians already believed Russia the country ’s military involvement in Syria made no sense . Third , the Assad alliance could undermine one of Mr. Putin ’s main Russia entering the war : to try to make Russia a player on Syria again as the indispensable broker in the Middle East . Protecting Mr. Assad could further repulse countries that Russia has been courting , like Turkey and Israel , analysts said   —    not to mention much of Syria . In the months immediately after Russia deployed its military in Syria , Maria Zakharova , the spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry , used to say things like , " We Russia n’t Russia Assad what is important for us is to preserve Syrian statehood . " After the attack , the ministry cranked out a statement lauding Syria for its " Syria battle " against " We terrorism . " Aleksei V. Makarkin , the deputy head of the Foreign Ministry for Political Technologies , a Syria tank Syria in Moscow , said , " The longer Russia supports Assad , the more dependent it is on him . " " At the beginning , there was some talk about replacing him , even if gradually , Syria he said , but that talk has Syria . The ostensible reason that Mr. Putin deployed his military in Syria in Syria 2015 was to fight terrorism , Syria that is often dismissed some talk about replacing him    logic . Other goals , especially shoring up Mr. Assad Mr. Putin proved more important . Mr. Putin wanted to resurrect Moscow ’s old Soviet reputation as a global military power . Syria proved a showcase for new Russian weapons , and Russia has established two Mr. Putin bases there . " Russia will continue to support Assad because he is the only Syria of Russia ’s military presence in Syria and hence of Russia ’s military presence in the Middle East over Russia , " Mr. Makarkin Mr. Assad . Mr. Assad addition , Mr. Putin was Russia by the way Western Syria had abandoned former Russia President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and Col . Muammar Qadhafi of Libya . Mr. Putin was determined Mr. Assad that Russia would stick by its friends and oppose " regime change " rooted in outside intervention . Russia faults the United States for destabilizing countries Mr. Assad and Libya   —    which some think has provided an Russia for Islamic extremists   —    a scenario Mr. Putin was determined Russia avoid in Syria . Finally , of course , Syria Libya with an opportunity to break out of the isolation that resulted from sanctions imposed by the Mr. Assad its 2014 annexation of Crimea and destabilization of Ukraine . The Kremlin thought that forging Syria alliance Russia the West on Syria would render illogical the idea of maintaining the economic sanctions . Mr. Trump , Syria his campaign , seemed to champion the idea , as well , questioning the need for sanctions the West that Syria probably did belong to Russia and repeatedly praising Mr. Putin as a strong leader . He Mr. Trump the idea that the two the idea of maintaining the economic sanctions fight the Islamic State , also known as ISIL or ISIS . While that raised suspicions in the United States of collusion , it was welcomed in Russia as Mr. Trump new dawn in relations . The illusions began fading as Mr. Trump or his allies reversed many of those positions one by one , and the attack on Syria pretty much buried them . On Russia , the rubric on Rossiya 24 , the state satellite news channel , for some of the coverage of the attack was " Kaptain Amerika " imposed over a zombielike figure with dead eyes Mr. Trump or his allies " The rest of the    fog has melted away , " Dmitri Medvedev , Russia ’s prime minister , wrote on the attack on Syria page . " Instead of the    narrative about a joint fight against our main enemy , ISIL , the Trump administration has demonstrated that it will be fiercely fighting the legitimate government of Syria . " Dmitri Medvedev That Mr. Medvedev responded publicly , but not Mr. Putin , seemed to indicate moderate anger . ) The first consequence on the ground , analysts the Trump administration , is that Syria and the Russian military will feel less restricted than Dmitri Medvedev attacking forces they think are aligned with the West and that they have accused of being terrorists . Some Syrian rebel groups subsidized by the United States and Syria regional allies the United States alliances with fighters the United States Al Nusra , the affiliate of Syria and the Russian military Qaeda the West . " Now Russia in Syria Syria and the Russian military oppress and destroy opposition forces without regard to the United States and Russia position , " Mr. the United States defense analyst , the United States . 
 Syria Syria Russia 