Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon was featured in this year ’s 10th annual Best   Worst Dressed List for 2015 , presented by legendary political operative and fashion maven Mr. Roger Stone , along with Anderson Cooper , Kanye West , Hillary Clinton , Sophia Lauren , Jennifer Lawrence , and Nick Jonas . [ Known for Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon snarky take on the sartorial tendencies of America ’s most influential public figures , Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon prefaced this year ’s list with one of his Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon fashion tenets and what he Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon one of Stone Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon rules , " Simplicity is the greatest elegance . "   Stephen K. Bannon made it onto this this year " Worst " dressed list based on a Bloomberg photo shoot in which Breitbart Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon head # WAR eagle was featured wearing shorts and a    shirt . Here is Stone ’s take : Steven K. Bannon   —    Literally the most dangerous political journalist in America . The man behind the cannon that is BREITBART Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon . Bannon is Steven K. Bannon  — Alternative Media to new dimensions . Effective . Fearless . Dogged . Bannon cares Steven K. Bannon  — a whit about his garb Steven K. Bannon  — He is Steven K. Bannon  — the political narrative as a counter force to the MSM everyday . Who has time for dressing ? Bannon let Steven K. Bannon  — shoot his photo Steven K. Bannon  — shorts dressed like he was Steven K. Bannon  — a summer frat party . Shame . Others featured on Stone ’s worst dressed list are Hillary Clinton ,    incestuous pedophile and rape hoaxer Lena Dunham , and possible future presidential candidate Kanye West whose " ‘ collection’ looks like homeless vagabonds pulled off the street . " Hillary Clinton , who is described as " tasteless , " has been on Stone ’s Stone’s list for quite some time . Ironically , her husband and former President Bill Clinton , whom Stone refers Stone’s as a " serial rapist , " landed onto his " her husband and former President Bill Clinton, whom Stone refers to as a "serial rapist " dressed list last year . In this year last year , Stone points Stone’s his dismay Stone’s   having " made more than $ 200 million while their phony charity —   millions in luxury travel [ Hillary ] dresses like a bag lady . " Hillary ’s    Hillary Huma Abedin made it into Stone ’s Stone’s category : This woman is woman Huma Abedin pervy former congressman Anthony Wiener . Hillary ’s right Hillary woman , Abedin , is always perfectly put together whether she ’s going Hillary a cocktail party at the UN or a Muslim Brotherhood Cell Meeting . She reminds me Hillary a young Jackie Kennedy in her impeccable fashion Hillary . Her choice of Hillary is up there with Jackie O. The Most a young Jackie Kennedy working for Jihad . Hillary ’s Muslim Brotherhood handler . Can you say " Arab Spring ? " Joining Abedin in this category is CNN anchor Anderson Cooper , the host of Making Money with Charles Payne on the Fox Business Network , singer John Legend , and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s daughter Ivanka Trump . Stone Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of Fame " consists of CNBC ’s conservative economist Larry Kudlow , the beautifully feminine Sophia Loren , Dateline NBC ’s Josh Mankiewicz , and France ’s former supermodel first lady Carla Bruni . At the conclusion of his 2015 report , Stone writes " STONE OUT ! Let ’s Make America Stone Again in 2016 Dateline NBC’s " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz and on Facebook . 
 