  ( CNN ) Elizabeth Warren , a senator being eyed as a possible Democratic vice presidential pick , dropped by Hillary Clinton ’s campaign headquarters on Friday , according to people in the room . Warren , who endorsed Hillary Clinton’s last week in an interview , mingled with aides , took photos with staffers and gave brief remarks . " Do n’t screw this up , " Warren said , according to attendees . Warren also referred to Hillary Clinton’s as a " fighter , " the same terminology Hillary Clinton’s used when Hillary Clinton’s endorsed Hillary Clinton’s last week . " We ’ve got one tough cookie who is going to be out there fighting on behalf of working families across this country , " Warren Warren in brief remarks , according to a video posted on Instagram . Hillary Clinton’s was not at campaign headquarters when Warren visited Warren according to aides . This sort of visit by a notable politician is not abnormal for the Hillary Clinton’s campaign headquarters Castro and Tom Perez , two cabinet secretaries who are also being eyed for the VP job , have visited in the last few months . As has former president Bill Clinton , Rep. Charlie Rangel , former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean and former Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis . Warren was already in New York for fundraising meetings of her own , a Warren close to Warren told CNN . Warren addressed Clinton staffers Warren the bullpen area of the Brooklyn headquarters and took pictures with staff . She did not have Warren meetings with    staffers , one aide said . Warren is among the Warren lawmakers being considered for Clinton ’s vice presidential Clinton , but aides have said the process is still in the early stages . A senior Clinton adviser downplayed any Clinton leaf reading about VP prospects , noting that a public meeting at campaign HQ would be the worst way to keep a secret . That said , it ’s part of That tease and suspense . Warren was hailed as a star for getting under Donald Trump ’s skin in recent weeks with her tweets . Warren Warren held off Warren Clinton during her primary with Vermont Warren Bernie Sanders , a decision that drew the ire of some of her colleagues in the Clinton . But once Clinton won California and Clinton Jersey primaries and racked up enough delegates to clinch the nomination , Warren backed Clinton . Warren I Clinton ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton to become Clinton president of the United States and to make sure that Donald Trump never gets any place close to the White House , " Warren told MSNBC ’s Warren Maddow . 
 