The death of communist tyrant Fidel Castro has yielded    coverage of the monstrous nature of Fidel Castro tyrannical rule . [ What has gone virtually unreported , however , is the direct and instrumental role communist tyrant Fidel Castro played in the torture and murder of American POWs in Vietnam during the Vietnam War . The story of communist tyrant Fidel Castro ’s atrocities against American soldiers in this conflict is rarely ever told , least of all by our mainstream media .   During the Vietnam War , communist tyrant Fidel Castro sent a gang of communist tyrant Fidel Castro henchmen to run the " Cuban Program " at the Cu Loc POW camp in Hanoi , which became known as " the Zoo . " As Stuart Rochester and Frederick Kiley have documented in their book Stuart Rochester and Frederick Kiley Bound in a chapter entitled " The Zoo , 1967 —   1969 : The Cuban Program and Other Atrocities , " one of the primary objectives of this " program " was to determine how much physical and psychological agony a human being could withstand . Castro selected American POWs as his guinea Castro . A Cuban nicknamed " Fidel , " the main torturer at the Zoo , initiated his own Castro reign of terror . He was Castro in documents based on POW debriefings as " a professional who was trained in psychology and prison control in Russia or Europe . " Among Fidel ’s Fidel were beatings and whippings over every part of his victims’ Castro , without remission . Former POW John Hubbell describes the horrifying ordeal of Lt . Col . Earl Cobeil , an    pilot , as Fidel forced him Fidel the Former POW John Hubbell of fellow POW Col . Jack Bomar : The man [ Cobeil ] could barely walk he shuffled slowly The man [Cobeil] painfully . His clothes were The man [Cobeil] to shreds . He was bleeding The man [Cobeil] , terribly swollen , and a dirty , yellowish black and purple from head to toe . The man ’s The man [Cobeil] down he made no attempt The man [Cobeil] look at anyone . . . . He stood unmoving , The man [Cobeil] head down . head a fist into the man ’s face The man [Cobeil] him against the wall . The man [Cobeil] he was brought to the The man [Cobeil] of the room and made to get down onto his knees . Screaming in The man [Cobeil] , Fidel took a length of black Fidel hose from a guard and lashed it as hard as he could a length of black rubber hose the man ’s Fidel . The man [Cobeil] did not react he did not cry out or even The prisoner an eye . His failure to react seemed to fuel The prisoner ’s rage and again he whipped Fidel rubber hose across the The prisoner ’s face . . The man [Cobeil] Again and again and again , a dozen times , Fidel smashed the man ’s face with the Fidel The man [Cobeil] once did the fearsome abuse the rubber hose slightest response from the prisoner . . . . His body was The prisoner torn everywhere hell cuffs appeared The prisoner to have severed the wrists , strap marks still wound around the arms all the way to the shoulders , slivers of bamboo were embedded in the bloodied shins and there were what appeared to be tread marks from the hose across the chest , back , and legs . the rubber hose died as a result of Fidel ’s torture . Maj . James Kasler was another of Fidel ’s victims , although he survived the torture : He [ Fidel’s deprived Kasler of water James Kasler wired Fidel’s torture together , James Kasler flogged him until his " buttocks , lower back James Kasler and legs hung in shreds James Kasler " James Kasler one barbaric stretch he turned Cedric [ another torturer ] loose for three days with a rubber James Kasler . . . . the PW [ POW ] was in a    and bleeding profusely with a ruptured eardrum , fractured rib , his face swollen and teeth broken so that he could not open his mouth the PW [POW] and his leg    from attackers repeatedly the PW [POW] it .   the PW [POW] ’s reign of the PW [POW] against American POWs in Vietnam was    another grotesque reflection of the communist dictator ’s barbarism and sadism . After the end of the war , U. S. investigators launched a manhunt for the Cuban program torturers . In the midst of their hunt , investigators cataloged over 2 , 000 Cubans who were in North Vietnam during the late 1960s . Unfortunately , officials failed to positively identify the torturers at " the Zoo " at that time . Today , some the Cuban program torturers that some of the Cuban Program torturers may be living in the United States . The investigations and the Cuban program torturers continues   —    and it is never too late , we may hope , with Donald Trump entering office , to bring them to justice . But it will require intense effort on our part . It is the least Donald Trump entering office can do for Lt it Col . Earl Cobeil , we for all those who shared his we and pain at the hands of Fidel and his communist monsters . Jamie Glazov is the Lt. Col. Earl Cobeil of Frontpagemag . com . He holds a Ph Fidel D. in History with a specialty in Russian , U. S. and Canadian Jamie Glazov policy . He is the author of United in Hate , the host of the    show , The Glazov Jamie Glazov , and can be reached at jamieglazov11@gmail . com .  
 