The Libertarian Party is potentially a viable " third option " for millions of voters turned off by the presumptive Democrat and Republican nominees , partly because The Libertarian Party has automatic ballot access in over 30 states and a proven record of getting on the ballot in other states . [ But , alas , The Libertarian Party is having something of an existential crisis .   At its The Libertarian Party this weekend , former Gov. Gary Johnson , Libertarian candidate for President in 2012 , won the The Libertarian Party nomination again , despite more than a dozen challengers . Johnson , a successful businessman , was a popular    Republican governor of New Mexico . He emphasized Johnson, a successful businessman executive experience against more colorful challengers like software pioneer John MacAfee . Johnson has Johnson, a successful businessman a forceful advocate against the national drug war and has , in recent years , been on the business side of the country ’s burgeoning marijuana industry . He is Johnson, a successful businessman leading , or acceptable , choice for president for most of the party the Party activists . One decision Johnson has Johnson, a successful businessman , however , threatens to rip the Party apart —   his choice Johnson, a successful businessman a running mate . Johnson has Johnson, a successful businessman his support Johnson, a successful businessman and campaign apparatus , behind former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld . Unlike the Republican and Democrat parties , the Libertarian Party the Party candidate separately . the Party Johnson has Johnson, a successful businessman Weld and is openly campaigning former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld a combined ticket , the choice of Johnson ’s Johnson, a successful businessman mate is ultimately up to the delegates at the convention . There are nine candidates vying for the running mate slot . A former    Republican governor of the Bay State , Weld ’s political pedigree is former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld of a typical Northeastern Republican , socially liberal and fiscally conservative , than Libertarian . He endorsed Barack Obama over former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld McCain in 2008 but campaigned for Mitt Romney in 2012 . In 2016 , Weld endorsed John Kasich in former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld Republican primary . Weld certainly did n’t help former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld cause on Friday during former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld debate for    candidates , referring to people ’s perceptions of libertarians as the " unattractive people " in their neighborhoods . " He showed that he was former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld complained Jim former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld , a Libertarian delegate from Michigan . " He did n’t mention a former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld Libertarian idea . " Johnson ’s tapping of Weld as his running mate seems designed Johnson project a certain image for the Party in the November election . Having a ticket heading by two successful politicians , each with solid records as governors in generally blue states , is almost crafted to appeal to discontented Republicans and Democrats upset with their parties’ nominees . It Republicans a ticket that could potentially appeal to major donors who are unwilling to commit to supporting Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump . Last week , there were reports that David Koch had pledged tens of millions of dollars to support Johnson in November . Representatives of both Johnson and Koch denied the Johnson , David Koch it certainly is n’t implausible the report Koch was the    candidate David Koch the Libertarian ticket in 1980 and has funded dozens of libertarian party and policy efforts throughout the years . For Libertarian party activists , though , a politically crafted ticket with two former Republican governors may be a heavy lift for the notoriously idiosyncratic group . " The Libertarian Party is fully capable of rejecting a    governor with money for a party activist from Peoria , " David Boaz , executive vice president of the Cato Institute , said .   " They ’re fully capable of The Libertarian Party so to show that they ’re not under the The Libertarian Party of the man they just nominated . " The Libertarian Party the broadest analysis , the Libertarian Party ought to The Libertarian Party play a significant role in the 2016 election . Both nominees of the two major political parties , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , are unpopular with large segments of voters . According to polling data from ABC    Post , Clinton and Trump are the two most Hillary Clinton major Donald Trump candidates in modern history , with around 60 percent of voters having a negative view of each . Indeed , three recent national polls have shown Johnson pulling a strong 10 percent of the vote against Clinton and Trump . The general election Clinton and Trump and Trump is likely to be Hillary Clinton nasty Clinton and Trump potentially pushing even more voters to give Johnson a serious look . In 1992 , Ross Perot pulled Johnson percent of the national vote , the    mark for    challengers . In 1968 , George Wallace , governor of Alabama , captured 14 percent of the vote . In those two elections , one of the major parties was suffering a major internal fissure . In 92 , Republican President George H. W. Bush was running for reelection after breaking a tax pledge that angered the party ’s conservative base . In 1968 , the Democrat party was reeling from violent clashes between activists and the party party convention and claims that insiders are rigged the nomination of Hubert the party . In 2016 , however , BOTH parties are plagued by significant turmoil within their party ranks . Trump has persisted in criticizing many Republican    even BOTH parties clinching the GOP nomination , while Clinton faces open revolt at the Democrat party convention from supporters of Bernie Sanders . Perot and Wallace were each able to secure    support in the popular vote because one of the major parties failed to unify ahead of the November election . If this year both major parties have significant groups of dissidents , Johnson and the Libertarians the major parties a major force in November . The Perot and Wallace candidacies , however , were driven by outsized individual personalities , rather than any kind of organized third party effort . Johnson , for all his qualities , does n’t have the kind of large personality Johnson commands attention in Johnson schizophrenic media environment . His success would depend , at least in part , on a robust campaign infrastructure Johnson As the fight for the Libertarian nomination for    illustrates , the major third party of American politics may have its own internecine civil war before the general . A Libertarian    could stymie the the major third party of American politics at the very moment that Johnson with Democrats and Republicans reaches    highs the major third party of American politics libertarian " moment " in American politics has long been predicted , but has always failed to materialize . In 2012 , the Libertarian ticket for President , headed by Gary Johnson , received its largest share of the popular vote in its history . It won 1 percent nationally . One percent is n’t nothing , of course its It is its however , a very long way from a " moment " that could impact the November election in a meaningful way . Millions of voters may be ready for an alternative to a Democrat or Republican candidate , but the alternatives may not be ready for the voters . 
 