Actress and Hillary Clinton supporter Meryl Streep was " shocked " to hear that fellow Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood prefers Republican Donald Trump in this year ’s presidential race . [ " I ’ll have to speak to fellow Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood prefers Republican Donald Trump in this year’s presidential race , " the      told Variety in an interview . " I ’ll have to correct that ! I ’m shocked . I really am . Because fellow Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood prefers Republican Donald Trump in this year’s presidential race ’s more   —    I would have thought fellow Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood prefers Republican Donald Trump in this year’s presidential race would be more sensitive than that . "   Streep , who spoke in support of Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last month , was responding to a recent Esquire interview in which Eastwood said what while Eastwood does n’t always agree with Trump ’s campaign rhetoric or policy proposals , Eastwood would prefer to vote for Eastwood over the Democratic nominee . Streep told Variety that people in large groups , and at Trump’s rallies in particular , often behave differently than they would in private . " When you get a lot of people in a group , it can go good or it can go bad in a way that [ overrides ] each individual person , " the     star told the outlet . " The aggregate of everybody ’s emotion , it ’s such a powerful thing . You can see it in the Trump rallies , where people I just know , in their living rooms , would be better people , are driven to the worst possibilities by the bloodlust in a crowd . It just gets ginned up and they ’re outside of they . they ’re behaving as a larger unit , not just themselves . " At the Democratic National Convention last month , Streep relayed the story of Continental Army soldier Deborah Sampson , who disguised Streep as a man so Streep could fight alongside George Washington . Streep said that as the first female candidate for president , Clinton embodied the same " grit " that drove Sampson . " Hillary Clinton taken some fire over 40 years of her fight Clinton families and children . How does she do Clinton ? That ’s what I want to know , " Streep said during her speech Clinton " Where does she get Clinton grit Clinton and her grace Clinton Where do any of our female firsts , our    where do they find that strength ? " Streep ’s Streep for Clinton is apparently mutual in a 2014 interview , Clinton said Clinton if she were Streep choose any actress to play her in Streep film about her life Streep she would Streep Streep .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 