New York Knicks point guard Derrick Rose bucked the NBA ’s current trend of boycotting Donald Trump —   owned properties by announcing plans to hang on to New York Knicks point guard Derrick Rose $ 2 . 8 million ,    condo on the 84th floor of Trump International Hotel and Tower in downtown Chicago . [ The 2008 first pick in the NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls places his investments and family well ahead of making political statements . Rose in an interview with the New York Post gave reason why his plans to keep his prime real estate asset even after the Chicago Bulls traded him his the Knicks in June .    " I felt like that ’s a great location . I felt no one can tell me where to sell my property and how to sell it my property I felt like I can make a helluva profit down the line , if I want to sell it my property do n’t want to , " asserted the former Bulls superstar . " The location is so great , I can keep it The location my family for generations.’   Last week Breitbart News reported that at least three NBA teams —   the Bucks , Grizzlies , and Mavericks —   plan to boycott any Donald Trump —   owned or licensed properties when they at least three NBA teams —  the Bucks, Grizzlies, and Mavericks —   for road games . Bucks owner Marc Lasry and the Mavericks owner Mark Cuban both ardently supported failed Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton .   Rose , who has struggled with knee injuries ever since winning the NBA MVP award in 2011 ,   says he Rose, who has struggled with knee injuries ever since winning the NBA MVP award in 2011,   that some teams may not want to associate with the   ’s name , but states that he Rose, who has struggled with knee injuries ever since winning the NBA MVP award in 2011,   to stay out of the " political world . "   The    NBA    focuses on the business side of real estate and speculates that he The   NBA    sell the condo one day . " Who knows ? In a year or two , it may triple the price . I ’m not selling it it I do n’t want to feel I ’m ’m forced to . It it an investment . ’’ 
 