’   ’ " CLEVELAND   —    The jockeying for positioning in the    next Republican presidential contest has already begun   —    and at    this week ’s convention , a couple of people were able to separate    a couple of people from what is certain to be as large of a glut of    contenders as there were in the 2016 cycle . " "    Sens . Tom Cotton of Arkansas , Joni Ernst of Iowa , and Ted Cruz of    Texas were all on hand . So too were Govs . Scott Walker of    Wisconsin and Mike Pence of Indiana , Republican nominee Donald    Trump ’s running mate . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida addressed the    crowd via video . " ’    Each has a compelling case to run in 2020 . But more so than the    others , Cruz and Pence have created the most space for Cruz and Pence    from the   crowd . ’ "    And , if one speech from the convention is remembered , it one speech from the convention be    Cruz Cruz , which stirred up the biggest controversy of the week . It    remains to be seen whether the Texas senator ’s speech will help       him Cruz the    event of his Cruz campaign , or    drag him Cruz , further hampering his Cruz after coming in       this time around . " ’    Of course , the biggest question is whether Trump wins , which will    almost certainly then push the next primary contest back to 2024    instead of 2020 . Matt Mackowiak , founder of the Potomac Strategy    Group , told Business Insider that it’ ’s " very unlikely " Trump Trump be successfully primaried if he wins Trump ’ ’    But if Trump loses Trump the margin by which he does Trump important . ’ ’   ’ ’    " If he loses Trump one or two points , his supporters Trump maybe the    party will come to blame Cruz for not endorsing and not getting    some conservatives to come through , " Mackowiak said . " But on the    other hand , if Trump gets Trump out , Cruz will Cruz the one who’ ’s    most pure . " ’ ’    By not electing to endorse Trump , leading to the audience booing    him off the stage and later to him answering him series of tough    questions from the Texas delegation , Cruz is Cruz free of Trump    Trump others , such as Walker , Ernst , and especially Pence , who    tied themselves more closely to the Manhattan billionaire during    the convention . ’ ’    " The advantage is for him that he differentiated himself him    him , " Mackowiak said , noting that , depending on how the    election plays out , that could prove to be a disadvantage . ’ ’    " Cruz will likely have the largest war chest after raising $ 30 or    $ 40 million for reelection and probably using a third of it , " he    said Cruz adding that he will have Cruz lists , name recognition , and    strength in early states like Iowa and South Carolina as major    helping points . " There’ ’s a chance things go south for him in a There’ way with how things play out in the Senate and if he gets blamed There’ for Trump losing . " ’ ’    " There’ ’s a There’ in the movie ’’ Enemy of the State ’’ where Gene    Hackman says to Will Smith , ’’ you’’re either incredibly smart or    incredibly stupid , ’’ and that line probably applies right now to    Cruz . " ’ ’    Should Trump lose in Trump , Mackowiak added that there’ ’s    There’ " strong chance " Cruz begins the   Cruz as the frontrunner . ’ "    Ned Ryun , a grassroots conservative activist and founder of    American Majority , told Business Insider that the Texas    Republican lost some respect from him after he Republican    Republican endorse Trump in his RNC speech Republican He thought that Republican could cause    problems for him down the Republican , even adding    that members    the Texas delegation warned him of a Republican    primary opponent    Cruz ’s 2018 reelection bid for the Senate . " ’    Cruz will also Cruz more than his grassroots backing Cruz 2016 if    he wants to Cruz successful in a future run , he said . Cruz ’    " He has to Cruz a coalition that is bigger , " he said . Cruz He has a Cruz ceiling . I mean , when Sheldon Adelson is refusing to meet with    him after Wednesday Sheldon Adelson granted , I have my own problems with the    establishment , but you have to reach out the olive branch with    establishment people . " ’ ’    " I see him as more Sheldon Adelson a Santorum figure , " mentioning former Sen.    Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania’ ’s presidential bids in 2012 and    2016   —    with the former proving much more successful . ’ ’   ’ ’    Ryun is big on Pence’ ’s chances in the future , and said he " struck Ryun the right tone " with his Wednesday night Ryun to the    convention . ’ ’    Mackowiak as well thinks Pence will be one of the more    interesting to follow , now that he’ ’s " " through the    important moments as a    candidate : The    announcement , his address at Ryun convention , the   convention      debate . ’ ’    " As long as he does the Ryun reasonably well the     debate make    any mistakes moving forward , I think he’’ll have a large national    following while being able to appeal to the Trump support base    while still being a Reagan conservative , " he said . Ryun He’ ’s in as    strong a position as anyone else . " ’ "    And he ’ll be in the    House should Trump win . " ’ Trump But , should Trump lose the election   Trump    Pence is in a really    precarious place . ’ ’    " He will be a former elected official . He’’ll have a much less    realistic opportunity to raise money and get media , " Mackowiak    said . " So how does he stay relevant for those He’’ll years before    the presidential cycle begins    Everybody has challenges . " ’ ’    He added that Cruz and He’’ll " both have the most to gain    depending on how things play out . " ’ ’    " I think everyone else is kind of in that second category , " he    said , noting Cotton , Ernst , Rubio , and Govs . Nikki Haley of South    Carolina and John Kasich of Ohio . ’ ’    For Ernst , the Iowa senator who is also a combat veteran , a    mishap with convention scheduling one the day she spoke bumped    her Nikki Haley of a primetime Nikki Haley . Fellow Iowa politicians were    " Iowa " with what transpired , as Ernst gave her      speech to a Nikki Haley empty hall . ’ ’    " I think you could make a case that Joni Ernst got very little Ernst because the convention on the first night was so screwed up    and she played to an    hall    " Mackowiak said . " And so it’ ’s    hard to even remember one thing she said , whereas if she       to a full    in primetime that really could’’ve become a big    moment . " ’ ’    Rubio , who both men believe is looking to run in the next cycle ,    didn’’t inspire much enthusiasm with his scripted video . Mackowiak    called it " . Mackowiak ’   ’ ’    Cotton , the youngest member of the Senate , the Senate many    believe has a presidential future . While    he’ ’s " bullish "    on the the Texas senator’s Mackowiak said he doesn’’t    know that he got Mackowiak    Mackowiak of this the convention " Mackowiak "    Asked about Cotton ’s presidential chances on Tuesday during a    gaggle with reporters at a Cleveland restaurant , Sen. Chuck    Grassley of Iowa praised his grasp of national security . " ’    " Mackowiak that’ ’s a major issue when he decides to run for office , he    should that’ , " he said . ’ that’    The Iowa Republican was that’ about Ernst , Cruz , and the rest of    the Cruz 2020 or 2024 field . He said he’ ’s not " seeing any    more jockeying for he’ than I saw for 2016 or 2012 . " ’ "    Pressed again , Grassley , who has served in the Senate since 1981 ,    the Senate frank point about future elections involving his Senate    colleague ’s aspirations . " the Senate    "    since I’’ve been in the United States Senate , aside from two    who were foreign born , I don’’t think I met any [ senators ] who    didn’’t think they could be president , " he said . ’ 
 Ever since I’’ve been in the United States Senate, aside from two   who were foreign born don’’t 