WASHINGTON   —    The Senate on Tuesday began formal debate on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , hurtling toward a blistering partisan conflict this week over the selection itself , the chamber ’s future rules and the decaying standards of civility among lawmakers . The consideration of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch began as the Republican majority leader , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , took a procedural step to end debate this this week President Trump ’s nominee . Mr. McConnell ’s maneuver will set in motion a series of critical votes expected to take place on Thursday and Friday . With an almost certain Democratic filibuster of the nomination , the Senate is to vote first on whether to end debate and proceed to an     vote . If the filibuster an almost certain Democratic filibuster of the nomination meaning fewer than 60 senators vote to proceed to a full vote on the nominee , Republicans have said they will pursue Republicans    nuclear option : changing longstanding rules to elevate Judge Gorsuch on a simple majority vote . That would allow Judge Gorsuch to Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Friday . Yet , if the ultimate outcome has seemed preordained for weeks , lawmakers nonetheless felt compelled on Tuesday to frame the confrontation on their terms : Republicans lawmakers argued that the responsibility for their own prospective vote Republicans —    upending Senate tradition to bypass the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations   —    actually lies with Democrats . Many have refrained from even uttering the phrase " nuclear option " when pressed , despite its common use in the phrase "nuclear option" Capitol , for apparent fear of associating with an act of procedural aggression . At the same time , Democrats have operated on two tracks : They have sought to Democrats their opponents as hypocrites Democrats reminding the public about Judge Merrick B. Garland , President Barack Obama ’s nominee for the seat last year , whom Republicans refused to even consider during a presidential election year . But the minority party has insisted that its resistance to Judge the minority party is not about retribution , citing his record on workers’ Judge Gorsuch and his degree of independence Judge Gorsuch Mr. Trump , among other concerns . They have argued that the minority party nomination should be withdrawn if the judge can not earn 60 votes . " We lost one , the minority party lost one , the minority party Senator Chuck Schumer Mr. McConnell predicting a successful blockade . " We should now get the minority party a room and come up with a compromise . " Mr. McConnell said he would have no choice but to change the rules if faced with a Mr. McConnell . " Americans will be watching . History will be watching , " he said , urging Democrats to abandon their plans . " And the future Mr. McConnell the Senate will hang on their Democrats . " The posturing came one day after Judge Gorsuch was approved the Senate to 9 by the Judiciary Committee in a    vote . Both sides have pointed repeatedly to examples of escalating obstructionism in recent years , from Democratic attempts to block judicial nominees under President George W. Bush to a    proliferation of Republican filibusters under Mr. Obama . Most senators seemed to agree that they were participating in a low moment for the chamber , even as they Most senators resigned to the conclusion . Grim reflection has grown more common than Most senators , which is saying something . " There ’s a reason they call it the nuclear option , " Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Most senators , said . " There ’s fallout . " He alluded to Republican criticism of the Democrats’ choice in 2013 , when they Mr. Blumenthal the Senate majority , to bar filibusters on lower judgeships and executive Most senators nominees . " There is no equivalence , " Mr. Blumenthal said . Asked what was happening to an institution many lawmakers still revere , Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , stared gravely at a group of reporters in the basement of the Capitol . " Partisanship . Partisanship . Partisanship . Partisanship , " he said . ( The word returned occasionally later in his remarks . ) Partisanship Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , suggested Partisanship were still sporadic conversations underway between senators about a possible deal to avert the coming maelstrom . " But nothing promising , " he said . 
 Partisanship 