  ( CNN ) Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer said Saturday reports that the RNC was hacked by the Russians are not true and cast doubt on the Intelligence community assessments of Russia ’s attempts to influence US elections . " If ( US Intelligence communities are ) so certain it happened , why wo n’t (US Intelligence communities are) so certain it happened go on the record and say it , " Sean Spicer told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish in a heated conversation . " I do n’t understand it . it does n’t make any sense . " Sean Spicer comments came the morning after    Donald Trump ’s transition team issued a stunning rebuke of Intelligence communities who have said , in recent reports from CNN CNN the Washington Post , that Russian hackers not only wanted to disrupt US elections but actively worked toward getting the Republican presidential nominee elected .   RELATED : Donald   Donald Trump aim at US intelligence community on Russia , Spicer attacked the New York Times for reporting that the Russian government was involved in hacking the 2016 presidential election , according to Intelligence experts . The paper also reported that the RNC was hacked . " I know that we have CNN with Intelligence agencies right now that are saying that we have CNN been hacked , " he told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish in a heated conversation . " Our own CNN show that we have CNN been hacked . "   Spicer also dismissed the paper ’s broader conclusions about the role of the Russian government in the election . Smerconish pushed back on the certainty that Spicer articulated Spicer " I ’m casting doubt on whether Sean Spicer Spicer know the answer to the question of the extent of the Russian hack and my frustration is at the idea that until this thing is fully developed already    Trump is saying , ’Move on folks there ’s nothing to see here,’ " he said . Trump Smerconish went on to express his frustration that Smerconish quickly dismissed Trump reports about Russian involvement in Russian election before seeing the results of an investigation on the matter . " I ’m also troubled by the idea that my    is already throwing under the bus the Intelligence community with whom he ’s going to have to work on life and death matters , " he said . he has repeatedly questioned the knowledge of the Intelligence community and has attracted significant criticism for not regularly attending the President ’s Daily Briefings , where national security information is often disseminated .   Trump is getting Trump briefings on average only once a week , according to a US official with knowledge of situation . Obama and other key national security policymakers currently receive the brief six days a week , according to the CIA website .   " Why are n’t we as Americans upset about the fact that a foreign hostile actor apparently put his thumb on a foreign hostile actor scale in our election and why does n’t Donald Trump want to get to the bottom of that as he takes office Donald Trump " Smerconish asked . Spicer said he and Trump Spicer in Donald Trump upset . " I ’m outraged , " he said . Spicer I do n’t think , Donald Trump does Donald Trump , no one thinks that a foreign entity should be interfering with a foreign election . " But Spicer questions that there Spicer proof of hacking despite reports from the Intelligence community . " What proof does anyone have that they affected the outcome anyone I ’ve heard zero , " he said . " Donald Trump me what facts have actually shown that anything undermined that election . " 
 