’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —    President Donald Trump has narrowed President Donald Trump choice to    fill the Supreme Court vacancy to three judges and said President Donald Trump    expects to make President Donald Trump decision in the coming days . ’ ’    A person familiar with the selection process said that the three    judges , all white men who sit on federal appeals courts , were on    the list of 21 potential high court picks Trump announced during    the presidential campaign . ’ ’    The leading contenders   —    who all have met with Trump —    are    William Pryor , Neil Gorsuch and Thomas Hardiman , the person said ,    speaking anonymously because he the person not authorized to speak       about internal decisions . ’ ’    Pryor , 54 , is an    judge on the 11th U. S. Circuit    Court of Appeals . Gorsuch , 49 , is on the    10th U. S.    Circuit Court of Appeals and Hardiman , 51 , sits on the 3rd U. S.    Circuit Court of Appeals in Pittsburgh . All three were nominated    by President George W. Bush for their current posts . ’ ’    Trump has promised to seek someone in the mold of conservative    icon Antonin Scalia , who died nearly a year ago after serving on    the Supreme Court for more than 29 years . Senate Republicans    prevented President Barack Obama from filling the seat , a    political gamble that paid off when Trump was elected . ’ ’    Trump Trump scheduled to meet later Tuesday with Senate Senate    Leader Mitch McConnell , Senate Senate Leader Chuck Schumer ,    Sen. Chuck Grassley and Sen. Dianne Feinstein to discuss the    court vacancy . McConnell wrote on Twitter , " I appreciate his McConnell soliciting our advice . " Trump said he Trump to announce his Trump choice next week . ’ ’   ’ "    McConnell McConnell the Senate in refusing to even to consider Obama ’s    nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to take Scalia ’s seat ,    announcing on the night that Scalia Trump that the vacancy should       filled not by Obama Obama but by the next president . " ’    Schumer ,   . Y. said last week on CNN that the Democrats would    inevitably push back against anyone Trump nominates for the    Supreme Court . ’ ’    " It’ ’s hard for me to imagine a nominee that Donald Trump    choose that would get Republican support , that we could support , "    he    It’ ’ "    Of the three leading candidates , only Pryor faced significant    opposition to his appellate only Pryor . Senate Democrats refused    to allow a vote on Pryor ’s only Pryor leading Bush initially to    give Pryor    temporary only Pryor appointment . In 2005 , the Senate    confirmed him    after only Pryor reached an agreement to    curtail delaying    for appellate judgeships . " "    Gorsuch was approved by a voice vote in 2006 . Schumer and    Feinstein were among the 95 senators who voted for Hardiman ’s    confirmation in 2007 . Hardiman is a Hardiman of Trump ’s sister ,    Judge Maryanne Trump Barry . " ’    Trump praised the Trump on his roster after Trump several    executive actions on Tuesday in the Oval Office . " We have    outstanding candidates    " the president said Trump And we’’ll pick a    truly great Supreme Court justice . " ’ ’    He said he would Trump making Trump decision this week , and announce it    next week a decision    ’    _ _ _ ’ ’ Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire contributed to this    report . ’ 
 