  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is regrouping after a weekend of stumbles left Hillary Clinton’s looking vulnerable at a pivotal moment of Hillary Clinton’s battle with Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton’s wobbly exit Sunday at muggy Ground Zero     captured on damaging video of Hillary Clinton’s lurching into the arms of Hillary Clinton’s security detail     followed by a belated announcement that Hillary Clinton’s has pneumonia dramatically turned the state of Hillary Clinton’s health from conservative conspiracy theory into a genuine campaign issue . But Sunday ’s drama was merely a capstone on Hillary Clinton’s ’s rough 48 hours . Hillary Clinton’s aides spent Saturday cleaning up Hillary Clinton’s remark that " half " of Trump ’s supporters were " deplorables , " meaning racists , sexists and homophobes . The remark , for which Hillary Clinton’s later expressed " regret , " suddenly united a Republican Party that has struggled to get behind Republican Party divisive nominee . Aides were scrambling to repair the damage Monday with Clinton ’s expected absence from the campaign trail for several days threatening to provide an opening for Trump to capture the initiative at a moment when Clinton is closing in the polls . While pneumonia is a relatively common complaint , the Democratic nominee , 68 , now faces increasing political pressure to demonstrate Clinton is fit for the considerable physical demands of the presidency . Clinton campaign is also confronting new questions over transparency after Her campaign kept details of Clinton condition quiet for two days . Trump expressed sympathy Monday when asked what Trump knew about Clinton ’s health in television interviews     apparently seeking to avoid characteristically inflammatory remarks which would have made the story about Trump , rather than Trump rival . " I really just do n’t know . I hope Clinton gets well soon , " Trump told Fox News , adding later , " Something is going on but I just hope Clinton gets well and gets back on the trail , and we ’ll be seeing Clinton at the debate . " But Trump , 70 , who has made public fewer details about Trump health than Clinton has , could not resist raising veiled doubts about Clinton ’s true condition . " Trump, 70, who has made public fewer details about his health than Clinton has say pneumonia on Friday , but pneumonia was coughing very , very badly a week ago , and even before that , if you remember . This was n’t the first time . So , This ’s very interesting to see what is going on , " Trump said on CNBC . Trump also said during his Trump Trump that he Trump a doctor ’s physical last week and would release " the numbers " when he Trump them the numbers Advisers Advisers to Clinton discussing how to move beyond arguably the worst weekend of the campaign . Any attempt at turning the corner on transparency     after taking reporters’ questions for    days last week     " has obviously been erased , " one aide said . Health issues are always difficult territory for presidential candidates , who are forced to cede privacy that regular people take for granted . But there will still be questions asked why Clinton , after Clinton of speculation about her health , Clinton not more forthcoming with her diagnosis . Clinton health of her health vital public knowledge given the intense pressures of the job and concentration of powers over life and death that flow through the Oval Office . CNN contributor and former Barack Obama strategist David Axelrod encapsulated the campaign ’s problem when he tweeted , " Antibiotics can take care CNN contributor and former Barack Obama strategist David Axelrod pneumonia . What ’s the cure for an unhealthy penchant for privacy that repeatedly creates unnecessary problems ? " Clinton campaign communications director acknowledged on Twitter that the campaign " could have done better , the campaign used a pair of tweets Monday to put Clinton focus back on their opponent . " In contrast to HRC , the campaign has been less transparent than any nominee in modern history , " she tweeted . Clinton campaign officials pushed back on Clinton suggestion that Clinton delay in announcing the candidate had pneumonia amounted Clinton campaign officials intentionally misleading the public , but acknowledged that Clinton herself did n’t fully convey how she felt Clinton Many people inside the Clinton campaign Clinton herself not know about the pneumonia diagnosis Clinton Friday . An aide told CNN that Clinton " thought she could push through this . Clinton she was Clinton better "     until Sunday morning Clinton when she went to a September 11 memorial event in Clinton but was forced to leave early . Brian Fallon , Clinton ’s national press secretary , told CNN that Clinton will release more medical information on CNN candidate later this week . " The reality is , the pneumonia is the extent of what she has been diagnosed with . There are no other the pneumonia conditions , " Fallon told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . He added later Brian Fallon " CNN continue to want to Wolf Blitzer as transparent as possible on this , but at some point , people have to ask the same questions of Donald Trump " The double weekend blows came at just the wrong time for Clinton , as Trump closes in the polls and pressure builds ahead of Donald Trump first presidential debate in two weeks     an event shaping up to be a potentially pivotal moment of the campaign . Whether Clinton ’s rocky weekend will turn out to be just Clinton unexpected twist in an election season that has had everything , or exert a lasting political impact will only become clear in the coming days . She canceled a trip to California scheduled for Monday and Clinton , though Clinton is expected to call in to Monday ’s evening Clinton . The speed of her recovery and the way her enemies handle the episode Clinton do much to shape Clinton voters respond to her health issue . Both Clinton and her husband former Clinton Bill Clinton are known Clinton punishing Clinton schedules , despite health issues they have both had in the past , so it Both Clinton and her husband former President Bill Clinton not Both Clinton and her husband former President Bill Clinton a surprise to see the former secretary of state seek to get back on the campaign trail as soon as possible .   Hillary Clinton is n’t the only member of her campaign Clinton been sick with respiratory issues . Some Clinton Clinton ’s top aides     including those who travel with her Clinton have been felled with respiratory issues in the last Clinton , sources tell CNN . At least three senior aides have been ill , including at least one of whom was hospitalized and treated for dehydration . Clinton ’s spokesman Nick Merrill said she was feeling better on Clinton was following her doctor ’s Clinton’s spokesman Nick Merrill to stay home and rest . Aides said Clinton’s spokesman Nick Merrill Democratic nominee would work on debate prep for her debate clash with Trump     and event that takes on even the Democratic nominee significance in the light of Clinton ’s health episode . Weekend on defense , But a weekend Clinton defense and a possibly reduced schedule going forward threatens to slow Clinton ’s campaign at an unwelcome moment and will do little to Clinton’s jittery Democrats who only weeks ago were speculating about the possibility of an electoral landslide . Donna Brazile , the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee , released a reassuring statement late Sunday wishing Clinton a " speedy recovery . " " I look forward to Clinton her back out on the campaign trail and continuing on the path Clinton victory , " she said . It was bad enough for Clinton that she had Clinton leave the ceremony marking the 15th anniversary Clinton the Clinton 11 attacks early     setting off alarm bells among her traveling press pool . But the later emergence of video showing Clinton wobbly , staggering and stumbling before being helped into her black Clinton conjured up the kind of image , played over Clinton over on television , that campaign strategists dread . The footage was more than a blow to her dignity . It will be used by opponents to validate a Clinton campaign of rumors The footage innuendo about the true state of Clinton ’s health .    cuts deep in Trump , Clinton campaigns , Trump has frequently cast doubt on Clinton ’s physical fitness Clinton saying she Trump " stamina " and takes Clinton the afternoon and runs on Clinton easy schedule     a claim debunked by reporters who follow her campaign . Aware of potential impact , The Clinton campaign was clearly aware Clinton the potential impact of the video . her campaign her daughter Chelsea ’s apartment , the Democratic nominee emerged smiling , and under Clinton own power in front of the cameras , taking a picture with a Clinton girl before climbing into her motorcade . She told reporters she was " feeling great " and parried further questions a young girl commenting that a young girl was a a young girl beautiful day in New York . " The campaign also tried to foster an air of normality by saying that Clinton spent time playing with her grandchildren while at her daughter ’s home . But hours of speculation and uncertainty about Clinton happened to Clinton Clinton a lack of information about Clinton status triggered an air of crisis . When details about Clinton condition finally emerged     in the form of a statement issued through the campaign by Clinton ’s physician Lisa Bardack     they only added to impressions that the The campaign . Hillary Clinton ’s stumble highlights campaign transparency problems , Advisers to Clinton Clinton The campaign how to move beyond arguably the worst weekend Clinton the campaign . Any attempt at turning the corner on the campaign after taking reporters’ questions for    days last week     last week     been erased , " one aide said . Clinton campaign officials pushed back on the suggestion that they were intentionally misleading the public , but acknowledged that Clinton herself did n’t fully convey how she felt . Given that Clinton herself Clinton campaign officials and would be the oldest Clinton herself to take the oath of office as President for a first Trump , and Clinton would be the second oldest , both candidates are certain to face pressure for a more comprehensive accounting of their health . Bardack issued a letter late last year saying Clinton was in good health and fit to serve as President . Trump both candidates offered only a bizarre report from New York physician Harold Clinton , saying that Trump would be the " healthiest individual ever elected President . " Clinton is New York resume campaigning Wednesday , but will almost certainly not fly to Nevada . Clinton is more likely to give Clinton    speech in a battleground state far closer to New York : Pennsylvania , New Hampshire and Ohio are possibilities . Difficult territory for candidates , Ever since Clinton sustained a blood New York a concussion after a fainting episode near the end of Clinton tenure as secretary of state in 2012 , Clinton has faced a swirl of conspiracy theories about Clinton health . Clinton joked about the criticism on ABC her health Jimmy Kimmel Live " last month . " Back in October , the National Enquirer said I would be dead in six months . So with every breath I take , I feel like I have a new lease on life , " Clinton said . If Clinton is forced to take time off , it will fall to Clinton    surrogates to pick up the slack . Clinton , for instance , is due to campaign for his Clinton rival and Clinton is forced to take time off of state Tuesday in Philadelphia . His Clinton , Michelle Obama , will hit the campaign trail as well next week Tuesday New Clinton ad highlights Republicans criticizing Trump , Clinton Clinton hoped the campaign trail after the first frenzied    Day Clinton on the trail . After months of dodging the Trump , she Clinton reporters to travel on her Clinton campaign jet last the campaign trail took questions . On Friday , she Clinton a group of high ranking former national security officials and military Friday and delivered a    statement to stress her Clinton to lead national security policy in the Oval Office . Polls , however , show that Clinton Clinton has dramatically narrowed in recent weeks , amid unflattering coverage of the controversy over her email Clinton Clinton the Clinton Foundation . A    poll last week had behind Trump by Trump % among likely voters and there are also signs of tightening in swing state polls     despite Clinton still having many more routes to 270 last week than Trump Republicans criticizing Trump in one ray of sunshine for Clinton on Clinton , an ABC    Post poll showed her up Clinton % on Trump among Trump voters . 
 ABC 