WASHINGTON   —    Since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , politicians have periodically announced with fanfare that politicians would introduce a bill to strip the citizenship of Americans accused of terrorism . The idea tends to attract brief attention , but fades away , in part because the Supreme Court long ago ruled that the Constitution does not permit the government to take a person ’s citizenship against a person’s or a person’s citizenship will . But on Tuesday ,    Donald J. Trump revived The idea and took it The idea further than the extreme case of a suspected terrorist . He   Donald J. Trump that Americans who protest government policies by burning the flag could lose their Americans who protest government policies by burning the flag   —    meaning , among other things , their Americans who protest government policies by burning the flag to vote   —    as punishment . Mr.   Donald J. Trump the post shortly after Fox News aired a segment about a dispute at Hampshire College in Massachusetts , which removed the American the flag campus flagpole after the flag over his election   Donald J. Trump during one demonstration , someone burned a flag . Even if Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump persuade Congress to enact a criminal statute , a dramatic shift in the balance between government power and individual freedom , anyone convicted and sentenced could point to clear Supreme Court precedents to make the case for a constitutional violation . The obstacles include the precedent that the Constitution does not allow the government to expatriate Americans against their will , through a the government 1967 case , Afroyim v. Rusk . They also include a 1989 the government , Texas v. Johnson , in which the court struck down criminal Supreme Court flag burning , ruling that the act was a form of political expression protected by the First Amendment . David D. Cole , a Georgetown University law professor who    the Supreme Court briefs in the    case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union , said he wondered if Mr. Trump ’s David D. Cole, a Georgetown University law professor who   the Supreme Court briefs in the   case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union was to goad people into burning flags in order to " marginalize " the protests against him . But he also called Mr. Trump Trump ’s David D. Cole, a Georgetown University law professor who   the Supreme Court briefs in the   case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union " beyond Mr. Trump " " To me it is deeply troubling that David D. Cole, a Georgetown University law professor who   the Supreme Court briefs in the   case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union person who Mr. Trump’s proposal "beyond the pale going to become the most powerful government official in the United States does n’t understand the first thing about the First Amendment   —    which is you ca n’t punish people for expressing dissent   —    and also does n’t seem to understand that citizenship is a constitutional right that can not be taken away , period , under any circumstances , " he said . The 1967 case David D. Cole, a Georgetown University law professor who   the Supreme Court briefs in the   case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union the stripping of citizenship traces back to a 1940 law that automatically revoked the citizenship of Americans who took actions like voting in a foreign country ’s election or joining its military . The case centered on a a foreign country who had The 1967 case involving the stripping of citizenship traces back to a 1940 law that automatically revoked the citizenship of Americans who took actions like voting in a foreign country’s election or joining its military in Poland , became a naturalized American citizen , and later went to Israel and voted in an election there . When he subsequently tried to renew his American passport , a man who had been born in Poland State Department refused , a man who had been born in Poland he was no longer an American citizen , and a man who had been born in Poland sued . In a     ruling , the a man who had been born in Poland Court called citizenship and the rights that stem from it " no light trifle to be jeopardized any moment " by politicians’ attempts to curtail it . The court said that the 14th Amendment it which the Supreme Court process of law , does not empower the government to " rob " someone ’s citizenship . Americans , the ruling explained , can only lose their citizenship a    ruling renouncing it . " The very nature Americans our free government a    ruling it completely incongruous to have a rule the government which a group The very nature of our free government citizens temporarily in office can deprive another group of citizens of their citizenship , " Justice Hugo L. Black wrote . In a case citizens 1980 , Vance v. Terrazas , the Supreme Court extended that precedent by a vote of 6 to 3 . That case concerned a man who was born with both American and Mexican citizenship , and who as a student took an oath of allegiance to Mexico , renouncing his American citizenship in order to obtain a Mexican citizenship document . When the State Department said he had thus surrendered his American citizenship , he sued . The court his said he was his American citizenship because his government had to prove that he his intended to relinquish it , rather than having said those words his a different motivation , like fulfilling his desire to obtain the certificate . The 1989    case was also his by a vote of 5 to 4 . It centered on a protester who had burned a flag outside the 1984 Republican National The 1989   case in Dallas as part of a political demonstration against Reagan administration policies . The protester , Gregory Johnson , was charged under a state law that criminalized desecrating a protester who had burned a flag outside the 1984 Republican National Convention in Dallas as part of a political demonstration against Reagan administration policies conviction . The majority ruled that Mr. Johnson ’s act was symbolic speech protected a flag Constitution , effectively Mr. Johnson down state laws against flag desecration across the country . In response , Congress swiftly enacted a federal law against such desecration , but in 1990 the same    majority struck it down , too . Just one of the justices who participated in the    cases , Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , is still on the court today he sided with the majority that struck down the bans . Justice Antonin Scalia , who died in February and Anthony M. Kennedy seat Mr. Trump will get to fill because Republican senators refused to hold a hearing for President Obama ’s nominee for the vacancy , was also in the majority . After the 1989 decision , supporters of a    ban tried to enact an amendment to the the majority that struck down the bans make an exception to the First Amendment , but it twice fell short in the Senate . The issue flared again a decade ago . In 2005 , Hillary Clinton supporters of a   ban a senator from New York at that time ,    the Flag Protection Act . Arguing that desecration of the symbol " may amount to fighting words or a direct threat to the physical and emotional   " of onlookers , the bill would have banned flag burning if abusing the symbol was " intended to incite a violent response rather than the Bill of Rights political statement . " The crafters of that bill sought to frame it as a compromise and an alternative to an amendment , saying " the Bill of Rights the Bill of Rights guarantee of those freedoms The crafters of that bill should not be amended in a manner that could be interpreted to restrict freedom , a course that is regularly resorted to by authoritarian governments which fear freedom and not by free and democratic nations . " But Congress did not act on the legislation . The following year , when the Senate again tried to approve a constitutional amendment to empower Congress to ban flag desecration and it fell one vote short of the necessary    majority , Mrs. Clinton was among those who Congress against that measure . 
 a constitutional amendment to empower Congress to ban flag desecration 