Ohio has the second biggest prize of delegates on Super Tuesday tomorrow , awarding 66 delegates to the candidate with the most votes in the state . No delegates are awarded for second or third place . [ Ohio Gov. John Kasich seems poised to pick up the state delegates , dealing a serious blow to Donald Trump ’s hopes of quickly nailing down the GOP nomination .   Kasich has Ohio Gov. John Kasich four point lead over Trump in Donald Trump public polls . Of the five most recent polls , two show a tied race , while three show Kasich leading Ohio Gov. John Kasich    points . Ohio has a    primary . Only members of the Republican party can vote in the primary , but any a   primary become a member of the Republican party on election day the Republican party generally done well in primaries that are open to Democrats and Independents , as well as Republicans . If a large wave of Democrats or Independents vote in the Republican primary , Trump could outperform his poll numbers and win Trump Buckeye State Trump but that is a very large hypothetical . The Democrat Presidential primary between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders is very close as well . The Democrats also have a    race for the nomination to challenge Sen. Rob Portman for one of the state ’s U. S. Senate seats . These races will likely dampen the number of Democrat or    Independents who cross over into the Republican contest . Aside from polling , however , Kasich should be considered the favorite as the sitting Governor of the state . He was reelected in a landslide in 2014 Kasich won a    contest against Dem . Gov. Ted Strickland in 2010 . In other words , Kasich has just recently won two statewide contests Kasich Ohio , an enormous advantage in voter turnout organization . One of Trump ’s chief weaknesses this election has been a lack of a    campaign operation . His campaign has been sustained by     earned media coverage and    all fueled by his own personality . Trump has often performed His below his polling Trump as a result . Attracting Trump to a rally is just one part of the equation . Turning those supporters into votes on election day can supporters challenge . Trump has n’t borne a huge cost from Trump , because his field of opposition has been so diffused Trump In Ohio , however , there are really only three candidates contesting the election , i. e. Trump , Kasich , and Cruz . Marco Rubio is currently mired in the low single digits in polling in Ohio . The narrowed field of candidates , combined Ohio the political infrastructure Kasich enjoys in the state , makes him a strong favorite to Ohio ’s delegates tomorrow Marco Rubio A win by Kasich does Ohio him any more likely of winning the Kasich , but it Marco Rubio it harder for Trump to claim the nomination for A win by Kasich . A win by Kasich Kasich victory makes it more likely the primary Trump will extend Kasich until the A Kasich victory convention . That convention , of course , will take place in Ohio the Republican convention . A Buckeye Bookend , if you will . 
 