  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is under fire for Donald Trump vulgar comments about women in an " Access Hollywood " tape     and one woman alleges Donald Trump exhibited similar behavior in at least one other incident . A friend whom CNN anchor Erin Burnett has known for years recounted an experience A friend whom CNN anchor Erin Burnett had with Donald Trump in 2010 that echoes A friend whom CNN anchor Erin Burnett words in the tape that surfaced Friday . In March 2010 , the woman     who asked not to be identified     met Donald Trump in a boardroom in Trump Tower .   Another man     a colleague of Erin Burnett A friend whom CNN anchor Erin Burnett was in the boardroom a boardroom in Trump Tower time of the incident . The woman the woman    who asked not to be identified     : Erin Burnett Donald Trump took Tic Tacs , suggested I take them also . He then Erin Burnett in , catching me off guard , and kissed me almost on lips . I was really freaked out . . .. After ( the meeting ) Donald Trump asked me to come into Donald Trump office alone . Was really unsure what to do . . .. Figured I could handle myself . Anyway the woman    who asked not to be identified     once in Donald Trump office Donald Trump kept his office alone how special I am and gave me Donald Trump cell , asked me to call Donald Trump . I ran the hell out of there . " The Donald Trump campaign has not responded to a request for comment . The alleged incident mirrors Donald Trump ’s own words in the 2005 " Access Hollywood " tape . Donald Trump was talking about actress Arianne Zucker , who was waiting to escort Donald Trump to a    set on which Donald Trump was about to tape a cameo appearance .   " I ’ve got ta use some Tic Tacs , just in case I start kissing her , " Donald Trump said Tic Tacs " You know I ’m automatically attracted to beautiful     I just start kissing them . It ’s like a magnet . Just kiss . I do n’t even wait . And when you ’re a star they let you do it them You can do a star . "   The woman Burnett knows said Friday that hearing Donald Trump line about Tic Tacs in the 2005 tape Tic Tacs made me sick . "   The other man who was in the boardroom in Trump Tower confirms the alleged 2010 exchange between Trump Donald Trump the woman occurred .   Trump Donald Trump The woman Burnett knows Melania Donald Trump the time of the alleged 2010 incident . 
 