TEL AVIV   —    Donald Trump ’s    loss to Sen. Ted Cruz in the Iowa Caucus on Monday was welcomed by Palestinians across the board , including members of terrorist organizations in the Gaza Strip who spoke to Breitbart Jerusalem . [ Gazans expressed mild relief at Donald Trump Iowa setback , though as one resident said , given Gaza ’s dismal condition " the U. S. presidential elections are the least of our concerns . "   A number of young Palestinians told Breitbart Breitbart Jerusalem all of the candidates are indifferent to the Palestinians’ " hardships , " and there is virtually no difference between them . all of the candidates are indifferent to the Palestinians’ "hardships Elshaeer , a Gaza journalist , said that few Palestinians are hopeful that the U. S. elections will make any difference in their lives Hani Elshaeer, a Gaza journalist " All of the candidates the candidates both parties , are on the same page on the Arab and Muslim issues , and share a hostility towards the Palestinians and their cause . Palestinians " Donald Trump said out loud what others think about Arabs and Muslims , that ’s why people were happy that he lost ( Donald Trump the Iowa Caucus ) but the differences between them are minuscule people " he said . Donald Trump Shahin , a political science student at Nablus’ Al Najah University , told Breitbart Jerusalem , " Trump positioned himself Donald Trump the Donald Trump of the Muslims and the Arabs , that ’s why everybody wanted to see him lose . Donald Trump " The elections will have no impact on the Palestinian issue , because the Americans focus on crises in the Arab world and on the emergence of radical groups , " she said . Hamas official Husam Badran told Breitbart Jerusalem that the movement is unfazed by Trump ’s performance in Iowa : " There is no difference between the candidates , therefore we do n’t really care who wins or loses . " " America ’s overwhelmingly    attitude puts it at odds with the Palestinian people , " he said . Hamas official Husam Badran We are a resistance movement , and as such we never trusted We American government ’s policies and plans . We are not We to the great passion with which some Arab groups follow the campaign . " Abu Ayna    a    Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology , told Breitbart Jerusalem " the candidates are all the same . They are infidels the candidates we should fight them as such the candidates " He said he Abu Ayna   a   Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology not Abu Ayna   a   Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology happy at Trump ’s misfortune , but said " undoubtedly , the brothers in IS ca n’t wait to chop his head off Abu Ayna   a   Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology of what he said about Abu Ayna   a   Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology and Muslims . " " The candidates are the candidates of Islam and it ’s the duty of Muslims to put up a fight the same way they labor to curtail the candidates advancement of Islam and IS , " he said . Abu Ayna   a   Salafi militant leader allied with Islamic State ideology Allah promised that they would be defeated the candidates and it ’s our role they would be defeated make sure it happens . " they would be defeated came in second place in Iowa despite the latest polls giving him a nearly five Trump lead over Cruz and the other GOP candidates . In December , Trump angered the larger Trump world when he called for a Trump total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " Speaking on ABC ’s Good Morning America in the wake of his remarks , Trump Trump that under Trump proposal American Muslims Trump come and go as they please . " American Muslims a person is a Muslim , goes overseas , and comes back , they can come back American Muslims They ’re a citizen American Muslims That ’s different , " Trump explained . " Trump we have to figure things out . " Trump expressed his hopes Trump a Trump " will go quickly , " as soon as " our leaders figure out what the hell is going on . " Speaking on CNN following his " shutdown " Trump in December , Trump further warned that Trump country risks more terrorist attacks if his plan for a Trump ban on Muslim immigration is not implemented . " You ’re going to have many more World Trade Centers if you do n’t solve it   —    many , many more , and probably beyond the World Trade Center , " Trump told CNN ’s Trump Cuomo . Trump speculated that there Trump already terrorists inside the country . " They want our buildings there are already terrorists inside the country come down they want our cities there are already terrorists inside the country be our .    …      They are living within there are already terrorists inside the country country . And the country them want to come there are already terrorists inside the country outside our country . " 
 the country 