’’ ’   magnate Donald Trump brushed off questions on Wednesday about whether President Barack Obama is a    citizen.’ ’"Who knows ? Who cares right now ? We’’re talking about something else , OK ? " ’  magnate Donald Trump said during a CNN interview.’ ’The Republican presidential    continued : " I mean , I have my own theory on President Barack Obama . Someday I’’ll write a book . I’’ll do another book . It’’ll do very successfully . " ’ " ’  magnate Donald Trump said that after CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer said that some people saw a connection between Trump ’s questioning of President Barack Obama birth certificate and his Trump declaration that   about Sen. Ted Cruz ’s ( ) Canadian birthplace . " ’Trump , when asked , has repeatedly suggested that Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz get tripped up by the constitutional requirement that presidents are " " citizens.’ " Legal experts believe that Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz this threshold because , like Obama , Cruz ’s Sen. Ted Cruz an American when he was born Sen. Ted Cruz " ’But Trump told Blitzer that a potential legal challenge to Cruz’ ’s eligibility could be a looming threat for the senator if he became the the senator nominee . Trump urged Cruz Trump get Sen. Ted Cruz " declaratory judgment " from the court system in order to settle the issue.’ ’"I think I’’m going to win . I’’m leading in I’’m poll by a lot . But . .. if Ted should eke it out   —    and I hope that doesn’’t happen   —    and he’ ’s got this cloud over this head , I don’’t think that it’ ’s going to be possible for him to do don’’t well . I don’’t think it’ don’’t actually it’ for the Republicans to let it happen . Because he’ ’s got he’ cloud , this cloud over this head said.’ " Trump also blamed reporters for bringing up the issue of Cruz’ birthplace . " ’"There’ ’s this doubt . People have doubt . Again , this was not my suggestion . I did not bring this up . A this asked me the question , " Trump said , an Trump said.’ "Trump reference to   earlier this week.’ ’"That’ ’s a tough matter for Ted , " the businessman added . Trump said.’ "Trump , I didn’’t bring it up , Wolf . This is brought up and this was asked to me This a question . A reporter ’s not the first time it’ ’s been asked , It’ it’ ’s being asked by It’ lot of different people . " ’ " Trump was once one of Trump most prominent people questioning the authenticity of Obama ’s US birth certificate . But during his 2016 campaign , Trump Wolf done his best to avoid discussing Wolf issue . " ’"You know the problem talking about that question ? " he   MSNBC’ ’s Chris Wolf in December . " Here’ ’s the story . I don’’t answer because you know what ? If I do answer , that’ ’s all people want to talk about . " ’ 
 