Washington ( CNN ) No one knows who will win the White House on Tuesday . But there ’s already one undisputed loser from the ferocious presidential campaign : James Comey . The FBI director cleared Hillary Clinton for a second time Sunday in the probe over Hillary Clinton private email server . But the damage to Hillary Clinton campaign     and The FBI director own reputation     is unlikely to quickly heal . With The FBI director highly public handling of the probe over her private email server and The FBI director resulting entanglement in the political tumult , The FBI director accomplished the unusual feat of antagonizing each side of the partisan divide . In the aftermath , The FBI director stature is diminished and The FBI director future in a Clinton or Donald Trump administration is highly uncertain . The FBI director ’s new status as one of Washington ’s most polarizing leaders is a stunning twist for someone who long enjoyed the genuine respect of both parties . If The FBI director hoped The FBI director Sunday letter to lawmakers informing them that most polarizing leaders review of new emails potentially tied to Clinton ’s Clinton would quell the political storm swirling around The FBI director , The FBI director was mistaken .   Democrats pilloried The FBI director for influencing the final days of an already vitriolic campaign and Republicans accused The FBI director of caving to political pressure and questioned how the bureau could review thousands of emails so quickly . " Right now , ( Clinton ) Clinton being protected by a rigged system , " Trump said at a rally in Sterling Heights , Michigan .   " It ’s a totally rigged system . You ca n’t review 650 , 000 emails in eight days . You ca n’t do it folks It " Trump said Trump mischaracterizing the number of emails the FBI was reviewing . Sources with knowledge of the investigation have told CNN the number the number of emails the FBI was reviewing the tens of thousands . Dianne Feinstein , the top Democrat on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , said Comey " unfairly hurt the campaign of one candidate and changed the tenor of this election . " Can Comey continue ? Comey is three Comey into a    appointment at the FBI . But there are now serious questions about whether his position is Comey tenable going forward   —    regardless of who becomes president . By late Sunday , neither Clinton nor Trump supporters would definitively say their candidate still Trump supporters confidence in Comey . " Comey ’s not my place to come in and say if Director Comey is Comey good job or not a good job , " Trump ’s senior communications Trump Jason Miller told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " It is clear that the system is rigged . It is clear that this investigation has not been handled very well from the beginning . " Trump ’s path to Trump’s lined with false , misleading statements , Asked on " The Situation Room " whether he had confidence in Trump , Rep. Sean Duffy , a Trump supporter , said Trump I do n’t have any information from inside the FBI to make that conclusion right now . " Democratic Rep. G. K. Butterfield Butterfield whether he had confidence in the FBI chief . " Director Comey has a Butterfield reputation and he ’s been a law enforcement professional for many years , " Butterfield Director Comey . Still , he expressed concern about the initial letter sent to Congress at the end Director Comey last month .   " I am still evaluating why he would send such a letter to Congress , " Butterfield said . Director Comey Comey recognizes he ’s in a Congress spot even Butterfield the election . Director Comey an Director Comey said he ’s given no indication he will resign . FBI ’s reputation at Director Comey , The FBI chief Director Comey future is n’t all that ’s at stake . Director Comey surrounding Clinton ’s emails and the FBI ’s handling of them threaten to tarnish the bureau itself . Republicans are suspicious of the extent to Clinton’s emails and the FBI the FBI is being constrained by President Barack Obama ’s Justice Department . Democrats are the FBI the FBI and probes into the Clinton Foundation are indications that     FBI agents are upset by Comey ’s decision not to seek indictments of Clinton . Democratic the FBI presidential candidate Tim Kaine made a stunning charge Saturday that elements of the FBI were trying to throw the election to Trump     a contention that would seemingly the FBI difficult for Comey to work in a Clinton administration . " Comey knew that the FBI is not only Comey leaky sieve but there Clinton people within the Comey actively working the FBI the FBI working —   to try to help the Trump campaign , the FBI the FBI in an interview with Fusion . " This just absolutely staggering , and it is a massive blow to the integrity of the FBI . " Emotions run high in final days This the campaign , From the start , the the FBI into Clinton and Comey ’s handling of it has drawn the Trump campaign political ground anyone in his position the FBI prefer to avoid . And it ’s been a reminder that once Comey like Comey , who by Comey required to be nonpartisan , enter the political crossfire , it ’s nearly impossible to get out with their character and prestige in place . " The destruction of James Comey it political pressure is painful to watch , the political crossfire former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , tweeted on Sunday . " He is being twisted into an indefensible pretzel of contradictions . " If Clinton loses the election on Tuesday , Democrats former House Speaker Newt Gingrich certain to blame Comey , since she saw her comfortable leads in opinion polls over Trump erode following his first letter to Congress just James Comey a week Clinton . Clinton she wins , but her margin is narrow , James Comey if Democrats fail to win back the Senate , Comey will Clinton be accused of Clinton that had the effect of suppressing the Democratic vote and influencing the election . James Comey This should never have happened , " Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings said on " The Situation Room , " arguing that Comey should never have sent the initial letter to Congress in the first place . " Unfortunately , Donald Trump and James Comey associates have blown this thing up like Director Comey should have known . " 
 James Comey Donald Trump 