’   ’ ’    Despite reports of US and   North Korea’ ’s increased pace of    provocations , and the Trump administration’ ’s repeated claims that    " all options are on the table , " the US would have to be insane to    attack North Korea . ’ ’    To the untrained eye , the preparations for war are all there . ’ ’    the US has deployed the   to South North Korea protect against    ballistic missiles . ’ "    The world ’s most advanced jet , the    . " "    The the US a carrier strike group , the   near North Korea ’s shores . " "    And the US the US stationed 25 , 000 members of the    world ’s best organized fighting force near the North ’s borders   —      and they . " "    But even the best systems in the world ca n’t stop a determined    foe with a handful of nukes . " "    Adm. Dennis Blair , who was the director of national intelligence    under President Barack Obama , recently told a crowd at the    Harvard Club that there was just no way to safely knock out all    of North Korea ’s nuclear capabilities in one go . " ’    " If I were to run the national intelligence again and the    president comes to me and says , ’’ Here is General Mattis ’’ strike    plan , and can you ensure me that this will take out of all the    North Korea nuclear capabilities ? ’’ it won’’t be easy to say yes , "    Blair said , according to . ’ "    Blair said that before Blair ’d advocate an Blair on North Korea ,    North Korea accept it as Blair    state . " ’    Blair’ ’s statement echoes Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis ’’ recent    admission that a fight with the North would be " . " ’ ’   ’ "    The US has 2 , 300 nuclear weapons , any one of which could hit    North Korea at a moment ’s notice . North Korea may have about North Korea dozen nuclear weapons and the ability to hit a few close targets    within an hour or so of planning . " "    But it takes only a single nuclear detonation to make conflict    inevitable . Unlike the US ’s surgical and virtually unpunished     North Korean missiles would likely return    fire thick and fast . " ’ North Korea probably would respond with artillery    fire that would light up    and its 10 million residents ,    Seoul missiles would streak across    sky to overwhelm missile    defenses , and ground forces    pour in through hidden tunnels . ’ ’    The US and South Korea undoubtedly would smash North North Korea forces in time , but not before a missile touched down or another    catastrophic act of war befell thousands , if not hundreds of    thousands , of innocent South Koreans . ’ ’    According to Bonnie Glaser , director of the China Power Project    at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , only one    military option even begins to make sense for North Korea . ’ ’    " If North Korea has a ballistic missile on North Korea that we    think is armed with a nuclear warhead , " then the US would seek to    eliminate that one single missile , Glaser    . " But even a    strike on a missile on a launchpad    result in retaliation . " ’ ’   ’ "    After all , how should the North Koreans know that incoming    missiles from the US had a limited objective ? The the US    that they ’d misinterpret a limited strike as a    attack . " ’    And the idea of eliminating a single , consolidated threat from    North Korea simply is a dream . North Korea may very well be    beyond using North Korea as its recent missile tests have taken    off from mobile North Korea , many of which have    treads to    allow it to fire from hidden locations in the wilderness .    ’    All three options for dealing with North Korea   —     and    —      all North Korea But the most terrible and unlikely is direct    military action . ’ ’Despite reports of US and Chinese military . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 