’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump raised more than a few eyebrows during President Donald Trump first visit as president to Walter Reed National Medical Center    on Saturday when he President Donald Trump the Purple Heart to Army Sergeant    First Class Alvaro Barrientos . ’ ’    " When I heard about this , I wanted to do it this Army Sergeant   First Class Alvaro Barrientos " Trump President Donald Trump    Army Sergeant   First Class Alvaro Barrientos he placed Army Sergeant   First Class Alvaro Barrientos the Purple Heart the soldier’ ’s lapel .    " Congratulations    …      tremendous . " ’ ’    The medal is given to service members who were wounded or killed    in battle . ’ ’    Many on social media immediately criticized the president ’s    choice of words to the wounded soldier whose leg had to be    amputated after he survived an attack the wounded soldier whose leg had to be   amputated Afghanistan ’s Helmland    province . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tOh . .. dear . Really , believe me , no one seeks a Purple Heart . Truly .   ’ " ’t’t’tHey military , y’ all would Eat . A. Brother . Alive . If they did this . Whatcha gon na say bout Trump ? Hope his staff learns him up right quick his   " ’ ’t’t’tCongratulations ? Like the Purple Heart is a prize ? Trump is an idiot Trump Most of us always knew this .   ’ ’   It’ ’s rather like if Trump signed a condolence Trump to a widow " congratulations " . Not everything we do to mark something is a congratulation . ’t’t’ "   So inappropriate . You do n’t congratulate a soldier for being wounded . You thank them for their service being wounded dedication being wounded sacrifice . ’t’t " ’    This is n’t the first time the president has been criticized for    remarks he made about the the president Heart . During the campaign , a    veteran gave the    his Purple heart . a   veteran ’    " I always wanted to get the Purple Heart . the Purple Heart easier , "     at the time . ’ ’ ’ ’Pres . Trump awards Purple Heart to Army Sgt . Alvaro Barrientos , who was recently wounded in Afghanistan   ’ ’President Donald Trump raised more than a few . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 