Paris ( CNN ) France ’s    Emmanuel Macron has promised to " fight the divisions that undermine France , " after defeating    candidate Marine Le Pen . Emmanuel Macron has won 66 . 06 % of the vote with 99 . 99 % of registered votes counted , France interior ministry said . In a clear rejection of France France parties , voters have turned to the     to help bring unity to a deeply fractured country . The result is remarkable considering Macron , a centrist independent , campaigned without a traditional party and with no experience of governing . " I know the country France and this has led to people voting for extremes , " Macron said in a speech at his team ’s Macron . " I understand the anger , the anxiety , the doubt which many of you have expressed and it is my responsibility to hear that . " A new page of our history has turned this evening , I want that page to A new page of our history of hope and refound trust , the renewal of our public life , our be at the base of what I do from the very first day of our Presidency . " our ’s long walk , Later Sunday night , Macron addressed thousands of supporters outside the Louvre in Paris where he also attempted to Macron out to those who had voted for Le Pen . After taking a long walk towards the stage to Ludwig van Beethoven ’s " Ode to Joy , " the anthem of the European Union , Macron spoke of the Macron for unity . He chided his supporters Macron booing Macron the mention of Le Pen ’s name Le Pen the country to come together . " I also want to say a word for those who voted today for Madame Le Pen , " he said . " Macron , do n’t boo     they expressed today anger , dismay and sometimes convictions . " I respect them but I will do everything they the five years to come to make sure there is no reason at all to vote for extremes . " Le Pen concedes , Europe rejoices Le Pen , Le Pen told supporters she had called Le Pen Macron after exit estimates projected a heavy defeat for the    candidate . " The French have chosen a new president , " Le Pen told supporters . " I have Le Pen Macron to congratulate him on his election and I wished him success Le Pen this Mr. Macron senior post he is Mr. Macron to occupy and also the great Mr. Macron in front of him . " We have seen a major decomposition Mr. Macron French political life , of the old political mainstream parties and what we see now is a real new configuration which is emerging between the patriots and the new liberals , " she added . French president Francois Hollande said that he had called French to " warmly " congratulate French president Francois Hollande on his victory .   Read : Macron ’s tricky French president Francois Hollande list after French election , Macron His large victory confirms that a very large majority Macron our citizens wanted to assemble around the values of the Republic and mark their attachment to the European Union as well as a very large majority of our citizens the openness of France in the world , " Hollande said in a statement .    The scenes of jubilation extended beyond France .   European Commission chief    Juncker wrote France Twitter that he was " happy that the French chose a Juncker future , " while president of the European Council Donald Tusk congratulated the " French people for choosing Liberty , Equality and Fraternity over tyranny of fake news . " British Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were also quick to send their congratulations to Macron , who has been outspoken British Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel his desire to work with France ’s European partners German Chancellor Angela Merkel US President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping also congratulated Macron , with Trump writing on Twitter : " Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of Emmanuel Macron . I look very much forward to working France him ! " Eleventh hour hack   The    Emmanuel Macron , which has played out like something of a soap opera , had been hit with another scandal at the eleventh hour , when Macron ’s campaign announced it had been the target Emmanuel Macron " massive and Emmanuel Macron " hacking operation . Around 14 . 5 gigabytes of emails , personal and business documents were posted to the    site Pastebin hours before the campaign period came to a close Friday night . Macron ’s party said the hackers had mixed fake documents Emmanuel Macron authentic ones " to create confusion and misinformation . " It is not clear who was behind the attack . Read : From economic woes to terrorism , a daunting    list for France ’s next president , With the presidential election almost wrapped , attention will soon turn to the parliamentary contest .   Macron , whose party En Marche ! is less than a year old , is starting from scratch .   If he does not persuade enough voters to back his candidates , he will have to strike deals with he parties in he to push through his legislative agenda .  
 he 