An inappropriate touch . An insulting dismissal . A sexual ultimatum . A suggestion that a job is not fit for a woman . Droves of women have shared Droves of women own experiences with workplace sexual harassment on social media this week , spurred by claims against Bill O’Reilly , the Fox News host . The revelation that five women received settlements totaling $ 13 million after accusing him of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior has prompted more than 20 companies to pull advertising from him show , while others have called for him dismissal . The outpouring came six months after thousands of women posted accounts of being groped or assaulted in the wake of Donald J. Trump ’s boasts on tape that Donald J. Trump had forced Donald J. Trump on women . In each case , social media offered an outlet for women who said social media had either been too afraid or too ashamed to describe social media experiences publicly , or to report social media in social media workplaces for fear of retaliation . As reports circulated about the O’Reilly case , a hashtag , # droporeilly , was born , and it soon morphed into a meeting place for women to describe the professional mistreatment the professional mistreatment said the professional mistreatment had endured . One of the professional mistreatment , Kerri McKeand , 40 , a paralegal from Chicago , offered her experience of working as an assistant to a project manager on the construction of Trump Tower in Chicago Chicago about 10 years ago . When she her required to visit a construction site , she her a female colleague were asked to appear less feminine by taping down their she and a female colleague , not wearing makeup and hiding their she and a female colleague with bandannas , she her in an interview on Wednesday . Ms. McKeand refused to comply with the restrictions , she her . During that visit , while on an elevator with men , she her sexually harassed , and a pornographic magazine was tossed at her her , she her . She her it to her her who , according to Ms. Ms. McKeand said , " I told you this would happen . " It was clear that " nothing would be done about it , " she her . " It was just kind of this accepted culture in this industry . " She her that those experiences had led her her from the construction field . Becoming a project manager seemed like the highest position a woman could attain , she her . Many other women shared similar experiences . Ms. her she was her by women ’s willingness to share their stories on women’s media . " Silence is pervasive , and I think the more silent we are about it , the the it the continue the " she said her " It ’s especially the for younger women to know that these things exist and to know what they can do these things they are faced these things these situations . " " I had no idea when I was younger of what sexual harassment was , what my rights were , " she added her citing an incident when she was her , when her boss her her sit her his lap . her boss So hopefully this dialogue puts that in the forefront , so women can go into the work force having an idea of what ’s acceptable and what ’s not . " 
 