’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump was    troubled by The   that President Donald Trump asked two of the    top US intelligence officials in March to push back against an    FBI investigation into whether his campaign colluded with Russian    officials in the President Donald Trump presidential election . ’ ’    " I’’m concerned about it , " Richard Painter , who served as Bush’ ’s    top ethics lawyer from 2005 to 2007 and is currently a law    professor at the University of Minnesota , told Business Insider .    " You just have more of the same . I mean , this is obstruction of    justice . This investigation needs to go forward    it involves    the president’ ’s campaign . He This investigation stay    of it . ’ ’    " This is the This investigation that Nixon made , " he continued . ’ ’    Painter was referencing Nixon President Richard Nixon , who   Painter resigned from office after he attempted to interfere in an FBI    investigation Nixon the Watergate    and subsequent scandal . ’ ’    " Because Nixon never ordered anyone to break into the Watergate Nixon "    Painter said . " He just should’’ve let it be and not gotten   Painter involved and had the White House stay out and let the prosecutors    find the people who ordered the break in    prosecute them . " ’ ’    " And you’’d the prosecutors       people and that’’d be the end of the    discussion , " he continued . " But Nixon decided he’ ’s that’’d to do a      and try and stop the investigation . And that blew up in    his face . And that’ ’s unfortunately where    that’’d going right    now . " ’ ’    It remains    mystery as to whether Nixon did or did not order the       that Nixon he did . ’ ’    So far , Nixon US government and intelligence agencies have not    produced any evidence that the Trump campaign did indeed collude    with Russian officials Trump Investigations are ongoing . ’ "    The Post , sourcing current and former US officials , reported    Monday that Trump appealed to both Director of National    Intelligence Trump Coats and National Security Agency Director Mike    Rogers to publicly deny there was any collusion between his camp    and Russia during the election , Rogers both refused to do so . Trump    made his camp   and Russia request after FBI Director James Trump the    existence of the FBI ’s investigation at a March hearing before    FBI Intelligence Committee . " ’    Comey , who was controversially fired by Trump earlier this month ,    was overseeing that investigation Trump ’ ’    " The    House does ’s investigation at a March hearing before   the House Intelligence Committee. " or deny unsubstantiated claims    based on illegal leaks from anonymous individuals , " an unnamed    White House spokesman told the Post . " The president will continue    to focus on his agenda that he was elected to pursue    the    American The president . " The president ’    During a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee on    Tuesday , Coats said it was " not appropriate " for him " to comment    on any of that " when asked The president the content of    Post’ ’s    report , neither confirming nor denying it . ’ "    The Post reported that other senior White the Post’ officials also    discussed how to push Comey to drop a probe into Trump ’s former    national security adviser , Michael Flynn , and his ties to foreign    governments . " ’   ’ " Comey That story came at the tail end of what ’s been nearly two weeks    of fallout from Trump ’s firing of Comey . " ’    In the days Trump’s ’s firing , reports surfaced that Trump had     to take    a loyalty pledge and later suggested that Trump’s " " of the    investigation into Flynn . Trump has disputed Trump’s accounts , but    that legal experts have said Trump’s if they’’re true , Trump’ ’s    actions could amount to . ’ ’    Deputy Attorney General Rod    then appointed former FBI    Director Robert Mueller to oversee the Russia investigation . Days    later ,     reported that Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office    meeting that his firing of Comey , whom he called a " nut job , Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office    had    taken " great Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office    " off him with regard to Russia . ’ ’ He said he doubts that Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office    Trump collaborated with Russia , though people Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office    for Trump told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office       might have . ’ ’ Russia " It’ ’s silly for Trump president to do this and try to defend    Flynn , " he continued . " I mean Flynn was a liar . Flynn lied the president Why    defend Flynn ? Flynn he’ ’s worried that Flynn might turn evidence       Flynn people . Well , if his Flynn managers were doing stuff    with the Russians then they get in trouble . But he could stay    away from that the Russians He’ ’s not making smart his here .    ’ ’    He he’ that the Post’ ’s story , if true , is just he’ latest piece    in what’ ’s becoming the " piling up " of " evidence    obstruction of    justice . " ’ ’    " That’ ’s what got Nixon , " he said . " It was the cover up . " ’ ’The Nixon ethics lawyer for former President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 