The presidential campaigns of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich may be planning to divvy up California ’s 53 congressional districts in an effort to deny frontrunner Donald Trump a large win in the California primary . [ If Cruz can defeat frontrunner Donald Trump in the June 7 contest , or Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich can hold frontrunner Donald Trump win to a small margin , they Cruz can defeat Trump in the June 7 contest, or Cruz and Kasich deny him frontrunner Donald Trump 1 , 237 delegates overall that he frontrunner Donald Trump need to prevail on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in July .   On Sunday ,    political consultant Rob Stutzman , who is leading an effort to force a contested convention by denying Trump frontrunner Donald Trump delegates in California , tweeted that he frontrunner Donald Trump preparing a     plan for strategic voting : Excellent development . We look forward to determining same on CA cds in the next couple weeks . https :   .    —    Rob Stutzman ( @RobStutzman ) April 25 , 2016 ,   Stutzman , who was an aide to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ( who is supporting Kasich ) laid out a similar plan earlier this month in an    in the Sacramento Bee : We April 25, 2016,  Stutzman, who was an aide to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (who is supporting Kasich) laid out a similar plan earlier this month in an   in the Sacramento Bee focused on helping the 65 percent of Republican voters who do n’t want to vote for Trump to connect to the candidate in their April 25, 2016,  Stutzman, who was an aide to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (who is supporting Kasich) laid out a similar plan earlier this month in an   in the Sacramento Bee who is most likely to defeat Trump Trump their April 25, 2016,  Stutzman, who was an aide to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (who is supporting Kasich) laid out a similar plan earlier this month in an   in the Sacramento Bee district . Remember , neither Cruz nor Kasich can win the nomination before the convention . Essentially , Californians will be voting to ensure an open convention . To that end , our effort will help inform voters of their our effort choice between Cruz Cruz Kasich , depending upon which candidate is naturally the strongest against Trump in their Cruz and Kasich . Ideally , voters will be seeing that information from us on their voters screens , laptops and phones , and in their voters as they voters to vote . Also , we us strive to make this guidance available via Web searches . Though the campaigns have yet to announce such a plan officially , there were hints of such a plan in Sunday ’s announcement of a    electoral pact , which was quiet on California as it divided several remaining primary states between the two campaigns in the hope of denying Trump victories . However , after Tuesday ’s primary results , which saw Trump sweeping the northeastern states , Nate Cohn of the New York Times was skeptical of the reported plan , writing : " There is little precedent for this kind of alliance , and it ’s hard to say whether it this kind of alliance be communicated well to voters who are n’t accustomed to sophisticated ,     tactical voting . " He Nate Cohn of the New York Times that Kasich had effectively denied Cruz the chance to confront Trump Trump a     contest , and was refusing to pull out of his Nate Cohn of the New York Times because of the prospects of winning a few districts in San Francisco and Los Angeles , which would bolster his Nate Cohn of the New York Times case for the Republican nomination , in the event of a contested convention . ( Breitbart News analysis agrees . ) Yet Cohn adds that if Trump wins Indiana May 3 , a win in California could seal the    majority for Trump Trump Breitbart California California     analysis in each of the state California congressional districts , available here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Joel B. Pollak Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 