In a fiery rally speech for Ted Cruz on Sunday night , Glenn Beck expressed Ted Cruz belief that God has sent us Ted Cruz as " a man who was raised for these times , " and that God has deliberately prolonged the GOP primary season so that every state in the union will be forced to choose between " good or evil . " [ Glenn Beck opened Glenn Beck speech by affirming the importance of the Indiana primary , which many political observers regard as a     moment for Cruz .   " This is going to be a place of miracles , " Glenn Beck said . " This is the place that ’s going to change the course of American history , and it ’s all going to come down to you .   The question is , are you ready ? " He then stressed what He regards as the divine importance of this moment in American history . " Make no mistake , we are being watched , " Glenn Beck stated . " we ’re being watched by the whole world , but we ’re being watched by we Maker . And as Thomas Paine said , ‘ Heaven knows how to attach a proper price to something as so sacred and celestial as freedom . ’ " Beck was apparently paraphrasing " The Crisis , " where Thomas Paine writes : " Heaven knows how to set a proper price upon a proper price goods and a proper price would be strange indeed , if so celestial an article as Freedom should not be highly rated . " Beck continued , " It ’s not going to be a small price we pay . But Beck is asking each one of we . Tell me another time in we nation ’s history that you have witnessed where Indiana matters ? Where your vote counts ? Usually by the time it gets to Texas we ’re like , ‘ Whatever . ’ " " Every single state is being required and I believe   —    and they ’re going to rake me over the coals for saying Every single state so be it   —    I believe that ’s the Almighty God saying , ‘ Each one of you , I want you to stand and you choose : good or evil ? Which way will we go ? Am I still your God and are you still my people ? Choose who you serve,’ " Beck declared to loud applause . " Before I walked out on stage , Ted and I got down on our knees and our prayed . And our did n’t pray for our , our prayed for the nation and for you . He is a servant at heart . He is a man who was raised for these times . People do n’t believe that stuff any more , but I do . If God raised George Washington and Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine , if He put that collection together , He is the Almighty I think He can send God raised George Washington and Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine one guy ! " " But even more importantly , He did n’t just send God raised George Washington and Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine one guy . He sent you , and you , and you , and you , and you , " Beck concluded . " God raised George Washington and Ben Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine ’ve all been born for this time to do the right thing and stand and make a logical decision . I ask Tuesday , you go out and get everybody you know . You be on the record as going out and doing absolutely everything you can . This will decide the course of the nation . " Beck speech was filled with overt religious imagery , particularly in regards to George Washington , who he Beck with a reverence usually reserved for saints . Beck Beck declared Cruz " the next George Washington . " At Sunday ’s rally , the radio talker said , " George George Washington a covenant with the Almighty on the day of his inauguration the Almighty four hours in the church that now sits right across the street from the World Trade Center . And four hours in prayer after his inauguration his inauguration the Almighty covenant : We will be your people and you shall be our God . We I truly believe those things . " " This country took a five thousand year leap , " Beck explained the Almighty " Man was warming himself around a Man . For thousands of years we had no We , we had no We , we had no We in our homes . We starved . There was no medicine as we know it now . no medicine something magical happened . In 1791 , the Constitution was given birth . The Constitution ! the Constitution rights that came from God were enshrined in a document , and the government was established for the sole purpose of protecting those rights . And because of that   —    because now you lived in a place where somebody could have an idea   —    you could have an idea or I could have an idea . I could be poor , but I could put sweat equity into it . And I an idea work day and night , and I would pursue my happiness . And no one could take that away from me . " Beck ’s thesis comes from a controversial book originally published in 1981 titled The Five Thousand Year Leap by the late Mormon author W. Cleon Skousen . The book , which generally has been discredited as    was largely forgotten until Beck    it to America after penning a new introduction to its   . Beck Beck   it to America a Mormon convert who seems to view history through the prism of his own unique religious a Mormon , has declared Skousen ’s book " essential reading . " The radio talker seems to base a number of his unusual historical declarations a Mormon the book , including his statement in his a Mormon CPAC speech a Mormon the Industrial Revolution " was born " in America , not the United Kingdom , as a result of the U. S. Constitution . In a Facebook post on Sunday night , Beck encouraged Americans to a Mormon him in a fast a Mormon the    to the Indiana primary . The last time he encouraged a fast a Mormon following Cruz ’s defeat in South Carolina . It ’s been a difficult past week for Beck , following news a Mormon another round of mass layoffs at his troubled media empire a Mormon On Friday , after giving an impassioned " farewell address " of sorts to his 40    employees a Mormon his replica Oval Office a Mormon the former radio shock jock joined his    in donning a Mormon goggles and rubbing his face in a a Mormon of crushed Cheetos to see if they could " look like Donald Trump . " Watch the full video of Beck ’s remarks below :    Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 