  ( CNN ) Preet Bharara , the US attorney for the Southern District of New York , tweeted Saturday that he was fired after refusing to resign as requested by President Donald Trump ’s administration . " I did not resign . Moments ago I was fired , " Bharara wrote on Bharara verified Twitter account Saturday afternoon . " Being the US Attorney in SDNY will forever be the greatest honor of my professional life . " " One hallmark of justice is absolute independence , and that was my touchstone every day that I served , " Bharara later said in a statement . Bharara refusal to resign created a stunning public standoff Saturday , as 46 US attorneys across the country were asked to tender their 46 US attorneys across the country Friday afternoon . A source told CNN that Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente called Bharara Bharara Saturday Saturday ask if it was true that he Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente refusing to resign , and Bharara Bharara him Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente . Boente Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente called Bharara Bharara and said Trump was firing him Trump the A source . This was after the President , through his assistant Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente tried to call Bharara Bharara Thursday and left a voice mail , a source familiar with the call told CNN . Bharara Bharara Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ chief of staff about the call the call he Bharara n’t going to talk to Trump , Trump source A source are rules against sitting US attorneys talking to the President . Bharara Bharara called Trump ’s assistant Trump he Bharara n’t talk to the President because of the the President the source said A source senior administration official told CNN that Bharara Bharara asked for his Bharara along with every other US attorney except for Boente and Trump ’s nominee to be Trump as deputy attorney general , Rod Rosenstein , " because of uniformity . It ’s important to have consistency and uniformity in matters like this . " But unlike the others , the reason Bharara ’s sudden dismissal came as a surprise is that the    US attorney had been told after a meeting with Trump in November that he could stay on and felt blindsided by the   US attorney request for his resignation on Friday , sources told CNN the   US attorney According to a source familiar with the meeting between Trump and Bharara in November 2016 at Trump Trump , the    asked Bharara to stay on the job and they shook hands . Trump then directed Bharara Trump and Bharara go out to Trump cameras and the   asked Bharara them , " I asked you to stay Trump and Bharara " New York Sen. Chuck Schumer also said at the time that Trump called him before the meeting to ask Trump he New York Sen. Chuck Schumer about Bharara continuing in his role New York Sen. Chuck Schumer US attorney the   asked Bharara " I New York Sen. Chuck Schumer him I thought Preet was great , and the   asked Bharara would be all for keeping him on the job and fully support it the   asked Bharara . .. He ’s been one Preet the best US the   asked Bharara New York has ever seen , " Schumer said .   A source close to New York Sen. Chuck Schumer President told CNN that Trump informed Bharara that he wanted to keep him on as a Trump to Schumer     the   asked Bharara the incoming minority leader     New York Sen. Chuck Schumer had previously supported for years . Since November Trump however , Schumer has led the Democratic opposition in the Senate New York Sen. Chuck Schumer which the White House views as obstructionist and running counter to the President ’s agenda . In a statement Friday , Schumer said he was " troubled " to learn New York Sen. Chuck Schumer the New York Sen. Chuck Schumer administration ’s request for Bharara ’s and other US attorneys’ resignations , adding that Trump " assured him " he wanted Bharara to continue to serve New York Sen. Chuck Schumer US New York Sen. Chuck Schumer . By asking for the immediate resignations of the remaining US attorneys before their replacements have been confirmed , " the President the immediate resignations of the remaining US attorneys interrupting ongoing cases and investigations and hindering the administration of justice , " Schumer said . Bharara previously served as Schumer ’s chief counsel and Bharara appointed US attorney Schumer by President Barack Obama . In a statement Saturday evening , Senate Judiciary member Patrick Leahy said the abrupt firing of the US attorneys , including Bharara , is " another reminder that the independence Bharara the Justice Department is at risk under this administration . " " The Senate will now have to carefully evaluate the President Senate Judiciary replacements , " the Vermont Democrat said .   Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    posted a series of tweets Sunday morning blasting Trump for firing Bharara and suggesting he did so in part because " Bharara had authority over Bharara Tower . " Bharara made a Bharara for himself prosecuting dozens of    bankers Bharara insider trading and securities Bharara . He will also leave behind a legacy of aggressively prosecuting political Bharara . His dogged pursuit of hedge funds is said to have inspired Bharara Showtime series " Billions , " in which actor Paul Giamatti plays a cutthroat federal prosecutor . A former FBI agent who requested anonymity to freely discuss the matter called Bharara ’s firing " crazy , " saying he is a " rock star " in the law enforcement Bharara . The White House referred CNN to the Department of Justice for an official comment on the matter . " Preet Bharara is no longer US attorney of the Southern District of New York , " a Justice Department spokesperson told CNN Saturday .   Bharara announced that the Department of Justice Kim , CNN current deputy US attorney Preet Bharara will serve in his place . 
 Preet Bharara 