  ( CNN ) North Korea would hold talks with the United States " under the right conditions , " a senior North Korean diplomat said Saturday , South Korea ’s Yonhap news agency reported . Choe Son Hui ,    of the North America bureau chief of North Korea ’s Foreign Ministry , spoke to reporters Saturday at the Beijing Capital International Airport . Choe Son Hui made the remarks more than a week after President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump would be willing to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un " under the right circumstances . " Such rhetoric contrasts sharply with the tensions between the United States and North Korea . Pyongyang has sought to advance Pyongyang nuclear and ballistic missile programs . Washington has made a show of force in the region to deter their use . the United States directed an aircraft    strike group to the region the region a new    missile system to South Korea North Korea Koreans , Americans met in Oslo , Choe led a North Korean delegation that met this week in Oslo , Norway , Oslo American academics and former government officials headed by Suzanne DiMaggio , a director and senior fellow at the New America think tank , Yonhap reported , citing South Korean diplomatic sources . Other Americans in the group included Thomas Pickering , a former US ambassador to the United Nations and a former undersecretary of state , and Robert Einhorn , a former US special adviser for nonproliferation and arms control in the State Department . Choe was on her way back to Choe when she spoke with reporters Choe ’   dialogue’ North Korea experts said the Oslo meeting could provide both countries a chance to explore talks , Yonhap reported . But the US government said North Korea attach any special North Korea to the " " dialogue in Oslo .   "   meetings Oslo routinely held on a variety of topics around the world and occur independent of US government involvement , " a State Department official said , according to Yonhap .   South Korea ’s Yonhap President , Choe was asked whether Pyongyang is preparing to hold dialogue with the government of new South Korean President Moon   .   Moon , a liberal who favors a more open policy toward North Korea , won the presidential election this week . " We will observe the situation , " Choe said . Missile movement , Choe , a US defense official said spy satellites are continuing to pick up signs of movement of scud missiles in North Korea that indicate preparations for North Korea launch .   The movement has been noticed in the Missile movement days . The missiles appear to be the same    scud variant that failed in recent launches . Since the missile has failed several times earlier , the United States does n’t consider another launch to be a crisis at this point , the official said . 
 