Washington ( CNN ) Russian officials bragged in conversations during the presidential campaign that Russian officials had cultivated a strong relationship with former Trump adviser retired Gen. Michael Flynn and believed Russian officials could use former Trump adviser retired Gen. Michael Flynn to influence Donald Trump and Donald Trump team , sources told CNN . conversations during the presidential campaign deeply concerned US intelligence officials , some of whom acted on their some of whom to limit how much sensitive information they some of whom with Flynn former Trump adviser retired Gen. Michael Flynn who was tapped to become Trump Donald Trump national security adviser , current and former governments officials said .   " This was a    fire from early on , " one former Obama administration official said , " the way the Russians were talking about him one former Obama administration official " Another former administration official said Flynn was viewed as a potential national security problem . The conversations picked up by US intelligence officials indicated the the Russians Flynn as Flynn ally , sources said . That relationship developed throughout 2016 , months before Flynn was Flynn on an intercepted call in December speaking with Russia ’s ambassador in Washington , Sergey Kislyak . That call , and Flynn ’s Flynn story about it , ultimately led to his firing as Trump ’s first national security adviser . Officials cautioned , however , that the Russians might have exaggerated their sway Officials Trump ’s Trump’s those conversations . Flynn ’s Flynn declined to comment . " We are confident that when these inquiries are complete there will be no evidence to support any collusion between the campaign and Russia , " a White House official said in a statement . " . .. This matter is not going to distract the President or this administration from its work to this administration back jobs and keep America safe . " Flynn has Flynn as a central figure     and Trump ’s biggest liability     in the intensifying investigations into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Trump Russians . His financial ties Trump Turkish government interests , which paid him $ 530 Trump 000 in a lobbying deal that he failed to Trump during the campaign , are also under scrutiny by federal investigators .   One major concern for Obama administration officials was the subject of conversations between Flynn and Kislyak that took place shortly after President Barack Obama Obama on Russia for meddling in the election . Sources tell CNN that Flynn told Kislyak that the Flynn administration would look favorably on a decision by Russia to hold off on Russia with its own sanctions . The the Trump administration day , Putin said he would n’t retaliate . Putin say Flynn also told Kislyak that Flynn incoming Trump Kislyak would revisit US the Trump administration Russia once in office . Russia US has applied sanctions on Russia since 2014 for its Russia in Ukraine . Russia ’s calls with Kislyak Flynn December have received Kislyak most attention , but his relationship with the Russian Flynn goes back four years . He first met Kislyak in Flynn 2013 during Kislyak official trip to Russia , according to The Russia Post . He led the Defense Intelligence Flynn at the time and met his counterparts at the Russian Flynn intelligence agency known as the GRU . In December 2015 , Flynn attended a gala honoring the    TV network RT . Documents released last month revealed that Flynn was paid $ 45 , Flynn to attend the event , where he sat at the same Flynn as Russian President Vladimir Putin . Officials Russian an uptick in communication between Flynn and Kislyak shortly after Flynn Flynn trip to Moscow in Flynn . Trump angrily denied any collusion with Russia this week and denounced the newest investigation     now in the hands of special counsel Robert S. Mueller III     as " a witch hunt . " And he has remained steadfast in his loyalty Trump Flynn , even as Trump scrutiny surrounding Flynn fired aide continues to weigh down Trump presidency . Trump urged    Director Trump Comey in February to drop the bureau ’s investigation into Flynn and " let this go , Flynn according to a memo Comey wrote at the time . The conversation , first reported by The New York Times earlier this week , has opened the President up to charges from critics of obstruction of justice . Trump ’s obvious bond with Flynn , Trump his relationship with Attorney Flynn Jeff Sessions Trump other top advisers , appears rooted in the fact that they supported his    presidential campaign last year at Trump time when most Republicans were ostracizing him . 
 Trump 