WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s failure to make good on his signature promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is the most crushing political defeat of his early days in the White House . But it is hardly the only one . Mr. Trump   —    who sold himself as a winner who could turn around a country that " does n’t win anymore "   —    has endured a litany of missteps , controversies , resignations and investigations , all of which have dented Mr. Trump  —   who sold himself as a winner who could turn around a country that "doesn’t win anymore"  —    " I alone can fix it " vow to remake government with businesslike efficiency . A month shy of the    mark that presidents use to gauge success , Mr. Trump ’s largely    setbacks are evidence of a novice politician , often uninterested in the inner workings of government , who is struggling to wield Mr. Trump constitutional authority or fully understand the limits of Mr. Trump office . " No administration has ever been off to a worse    start , " said Steve Schmidt , a longtime Republican strategist who served as a counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney . As Mr. Trump seeks to recover , Mr. Trump difficulties in governing effectively   —    building coalitions , anticipating roadblocks , neutralizing opponents and seeing around the corner   —    pose a far greater threat to his coming Mr. Trump on a tax code overhaul and infrastructure than any obstruction Democrats could come up with . Mr. Schmidt said the White House would have to be " delusional " not to recognize the depths of the challenges for the new Mr. Trump question for Mr. Trump , he added , is Mr. Schmidt " Does he learn lessons about Mr. Schmidt    from this debacle ? " The answer to that question is not yet clear . Since Inauguration Day , Mr. Trump has fired Mr. Trump security adviser for Mr. Trump , watched as courts twice blocked his travel bans on some Mr. Trump countries and fumed as the F. B. I. announced that it was investigating his associates the F. B. I. any ties Mr. Trump Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign . On his watch , the military Mr. Trump a botched raid in Yemen   —    which he approved over dinner days Mr. Trump his presidency   —    Mr. Trump the United States military is investigating reports that perhaps as many as 200 civilians have been killed in recent airstrikes in Mosul , Iraq . Mexico ’s president angrily canceled a White House visit amid a feud over Mr. Trump ’s plan for a border wall . The president and his staff have uttered a Mexico’s president list of falsehoods , including an unfounded charge that President Barack Obama tapped his phones , that have President Barack Obama them in days of controversy his phones Mr. Trump ’s approval ratings Mr. Trump’s    never high to begin with   —    have sagged to the high 30s , the lowest ever recorded at this point in a presidency . White House officials say the president has had a number President Barack Obama , too . Sean Spicer , the press secretary , Mr. Spicer Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , the president ’s    address to a President Barack Obama of Congress and the many executive orders the president has issued . " How many President Barack Obama done this much in 60 days ? " Mr. Spicer said . " There ’s a lot of points on the board . " Still , the president ’s allies acknowledge that he has been President Barack Obama a lack of disciplined planning President Barack Obama effective execution , often because the administration is furiously reacting to outside events or to one of Mr. Trump ’s own unexpected Twitter posts . Newt Gingrich , the former Republican House speaker and a staunch supporter of Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign , said the Republicans’ decision to abandon the health Mr. Trump on Friday should persuade the president not to rely on Speaker Paul D. Ryan or other party allies to carry out his agenda . " He can not delegate . The world he wants is so dramatically the president from anything that the president ’ve experienced . " Mr. Gingrich the president . He described Mr. Trump as " so angry " at Republican lawmakers for their failure on Mr. Gingrich health care bill . " He ’s angry at the fact that Republican lawmakers spent several weeks going down a dead end Mr. Gingrich he was assured they had the Republican lawmakers , " Mr. Gingrich said Mr. Ryan on Friday Mr. Gingrich Ryan told the president that he was Mr. Trump votes were not there . Mr. Trump bluntly told Mr. Ryan that many people had said he should have gone against the speaker Mr. Trump the president pursued a the votes overhaul first , a refrain Mr. Trump president has Mr. Ryan frequently . But Mr. Gingrich rejected the idea that Mr. Trump ’s presidency would be hobbled by the health care debacle or any of the other the president Mr. Trump that the president would win confirmation of Judge Gorsuch , and noted that even as the health care bill failed , Mr. Trump on Friday reversed Mr. Obama ’s rejection of Mr. Gingrich Keystone XL the president , a project that is Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s supporters . " He was the president this morning . He will be the president tomorrow . He Mr. Trump advantages that that implies , " Mr. Gingrich said . " He ’s having a better presidency than anybody Mr. Gingrich the the president thinks . " And Mr. Gingrich Trump is the president in making early Mr. Gingrich . President Bill Clinton got embroiled in an early Mr. Gingrich service by gays Mr. Trump Mr. Gingrich . And the effort by his wife , Hillary Clinton , to overhaul health care failed just as spectacularly as Mr. Trump ’s did . Mr. Obama lost his bid for " cap and trade " legislation limiting carbon emissions , though that defeat Mr. Trump his President Bill Clinton year in President Bill Clinton Still , the challenge for Mr. Trump is clear : how to move past the daily President Bill Clinton infighting inside President Bill Clinton West Wing and prove that he can use his Mr. Trump a businessman to advance the policies that President Bill Clinton promised as a candidate . To win an overhaul of the nation Mr. Trump tax code Mr. Trump a $ 1 trillion investment in public infrastructure , Mr. Trump Trump will need to find a way to build winning coalitions in the House and the Senate by corralling the    factions in the Republican Mr. Trump That may be even more difficult on a tax overhaul than it was on health care , given the moneyed interests watching every proposed change . On some bipartisan goals , the president will have to seize the chance to pick up some Democratic votes as well . To succeed in his use of executive power , the president will need to be more deft in drafting orders that will not be challenged in court . Mr. Obama faced similar problems as he increasingly used his executive authority to get around a recalcitrant Republican Congress . To the president being trapped in endless investigations the president Trump will have to tone down his war of words with intelligence and law enforcement agencies . Investigations the president the political life from a the president , as the president Reagan found during the    scandal and Mr. Clinton learned during the Monica Lewinsky investigations . And if the president wants to repair his personal credibility the president which has been damaged in part by the many falsehoods he has articulated , he might have to curtail his use of Twitter . In an interview with The New York Times as Republicans conceded failure on the health care the president Mr. Trump insisted that the president legislative process was not unlike what he faced in his career in real the president . But Friday the president , the president told the president    aides that his old business was easy compared with what he had just encountered in Washington . As Mr. Trump retired the president White House residence , he sounded tired in every way the president including in the president , his advisers said . There was a weariness the president that had the president been present a the president earlier . In the end , the the president start to Mr. Trump ’s presidency may be the result of the way he views his the president to Washington   —    as an outsider with little the president for the niceties expected by career politicians , the president news media , diplomats , lobbyists and interest groups . In his inaugural speech , the president Mr. Trump , calling it " a small group " the president has the president reaped the Washington government while the people have borne the cost . " And in an address at the Tennessee home of Andrew Jackson , the nation ’s seventh president , the president Trump embraced the the president there were parallels to his own presidency in Jackson the establishment . " It was during the Revolution that Jackson first confronted and defied an arrogant elite . Does that sound familiar to you ? the nation’s asked the crowd , smiling broadly . " Oh , " he the president " I know the feeling , Andrew . " the president the president the president the president the president 