Early Sunday morning , Islamic extremist Omar Mateen murdered at least 49 people at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando , Florida . [ Mateen , of Fort Pierce , Florida , was interviewed by the FBI in 2013 and 2014 after Islamic extremist Omar Mateen told coworkers Islamic extremist Omar Mateen had ties to Islamic extremists . But Mateen was not found to be a threat , the FBI the FBI , so he Mateen off their the FBI .   A former coworker said company officials refused to investigate Omar ’s frequent racist and homophobic attacks " because he A former coworker Muslim . " So , once again , political correctness is linked to another Islamist massacre . Omar Mateen time out during his mass Mateen of gays at Pulse nightclub to call 911 and pledge his allegiance Mateen ISIS . Then he ended Mateen call and killed some more gays . And it should be noted that Omar Mateen Mateen gay clubs before he decided to Mateen gays at The Pulse on Latino night . After the deadliest Islamist attack on American soil since    Barack Obama blamed hatred and guns . His inability to Mateen the attack what the deadliest Islamist attack on American soil since      — the deadliest Islamist attack on American soil since    Islamic jihad   —    has progressed from denial to psychosis . It ’s never been His inability to called the attack what it is  —   Islamic jihad  —    apparent than Sunday , when Barack was comparing the Pulse club attack to a movie theater shooting by a schizophrenic , that our poor president has lost his own grasp of our poor president . Obama was not the only one . Leftwing gay activists posted ridiculous and ignorant remarks after the deadliest single attack on gays in modern history . Activist Sally Kohn blamed all religions . EVERY religion has    of intolerant extremism . You ca n’t tell me the problem is religion . The problem is intolerant the problem   —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) June 12 , 2016 , Gay personality Perez Hilton blamed the NRA . 50 ! FUCK YOU , @NRA ! You have blood on your hands ! Fuck you to every single gun lobbyist ! And fuck you to those who do n’t support gun reform !   —    Perez ( @ThePerezHilton ) June 12 , 2016 , I came out in the 1980s to family and friends during the AIDS epidemic . I saw a lot of friends get sick . I saw a lot of friends die . I went to a lot of funerals . It was a scary time to be gay . Like most gay Americans , I do n’t wear my sexuality on my sleeve . I go about my daily business . I try not to harm anyone . I love my family . I love my friends . I love my country . I ’ve America conservative activist for years . But today I ’m coming out as a conservative gay activist . In the past few years I ’ve built one of the most prominent conservative websites in America . I created The Gateway Pundit because I wanted to speak the truth . I wanted to expose the wickedness of the left . I was raised to love my country . Today I serve America by defending her from the America . But last America at least 49 gays were slaughtered at an Orlando club . Despite this obvious Islamic attack , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are still in denial . I can no longer remain silent as my gay brothers and sisters are being slaughtered at dance clubs . There is only one man who can lead this nation and protect all gays and all America His name is Donald Trump . In 2015 a conservative Supreme Court granted gays the right to marry . In 2016 only one candidate will protect gays from another Islamist attack . I pray that gays will come back home to the Republican Party   —    no more death . Dear God , please no more death . As a gay person , the scariest words you will ever hear are " Allahu akbar . "   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 12 , 2016 , Jim Hoft is the publisher of Gateway Pundit . He received the Andrew Breitbart Award at the Right Jim Hoft conference in 2015 . Listen to Jim Hoft discussing this on Breitbart News Daily on Jim Hoft morning : 
 