  ( CNN ) In any normal presidential election , it would be hard to overshadow news that the FBI interviewed one of the candidates for three and a half hours about potential criminal behavior . But in 2016 , Donald Trump seems to be able to seize any news cycle     intentionally or otherwise . Donald Trump Saturday tweet of a graphic that included Hillary Clinton ’s face , a    star , a pile of cash and the words " most corrupt candidate ever " drew immediate backlash for evoking    imagery . The image was posted 10 days earlier to an    white supremacist message board . Donald Trump Monday morning initially addressed the controversy     again on Twitter     by blaming the " dishonest media " for " trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff ’s Star , or plain star ! " On Monday afternoon , the Trump Donald Trump finally issued a statement on the matter     one that amounted more to a response to the Clinton campaign statement than an explanation of his Clinton . Trump Donald Trump the the Trump campaign Clinton that his Donald Trump was his tweet slamming " false attacks " and insisting the star represented a sheriff ’s badge . " These false attacks by Hillary Clinton trying Clinton the Star of David with a basic star , often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior , showing an inscription that says ’Crooked Hillary is the most corrupt candidate ever’ with    is ridiculous , " Trump said in a statement . Trump ’s statement did not a statement the campaign tweeted an image that had previously been posted on an    white supremacist message board . His statement also did n’t explain Trump the a statement the image . On Monday night the campaign campaign ’s an image that had previously been posted on an   white supremacist message board director , Daniel Scavino the campaign some details on what he said were the image ’s Trump . " The social media graphic used this weekend was not created by the campaign nor was it sourced from an    site , " the campaign in a statement separate this weekend Trump ’s . " It was lifted from an    Twitter user where countless Trump campaign’s . " " this weekend sheriff ’s badge     which is available under Microsoft ’s ’shapes’     fit with the theme of corrupt Hillary and that is why I selected it , " Scavino added . Scavino also said that as the campaign ’s social media director , Scavino I would Scavino offend anyone and therefore chose to remove the image . " Trump ’s stumbles were suddenly back in the spotlight on a weekend that would have otherwise focused on Clinton ’s vulnerabilities .   Trump ’s prolific Twitter habit is once again forcing Republicans to confront questions about the Trump’s the man they will soon formally nominate as their presidential candidate and his apparent unwillingness to forcefully reject Republicans support of those with racist Republicans    views . Trump’s also comes as Trump tries to manage a more disciplined campaign , underscoring fears among some in the GOP Trump’s the businessman is unable to avoid    wounds . Adding to the fire is the Trump campaign ’s refusal to answer questions about the tweet , its origin or whether anyone Trump’s be held accountable . It simply deleted the tweet and the Trump campaign’s the    star with a circle . The Clinton the Trump campaign’s blasted Trump ’s tweet Monday as part of a broader pattern . " the Trump campaign’s use Trump’s a blatantly    image from racist websites to promote his campaign Trump’s disturbing enough , but the fact that it ’s part of a pattern should give Donald Trump’s major cause for concern , " Sarah Bard , Hillary for America ’s director of Jewish outreach , said in a statement . " Now , not only wo n’t he apologize for it , he ’s peddling lies and blaming others . Trump should be condemning hate , not offering more campaign behavior he rhetoric that engages extremists . " It ’s not the first time Trump ’s own controversies have overshadowed Clinton ’s as a result of the presumptive Republican nominee ’s unforced errors Trump days before Trump created a    news cycle by accusing a judge of being biased because of his Mexican heritage , Clinton Trump one of the most damaging news items of her candidacy when the State Department a judge inspector general released Clinton scathing assessment of Clinton ’s private email use . Clinton Trump , GOP activists see opening to move party right on Israel , Clinton ’s tirade on the judge Trump his doubling down on those    accusations and the ensuing rift it provoked Trump Trump and    Republican leaders eclipsed Trump ’s email woes . Shielded by the holiday weekend , top    in Trump House and Senate were quiet on Trump ’s latest controversy . But the campaign ’s refusal to show any sense of accountability when it comes to Trump may only add to the storm . The first prominent Trump surrogate to address the controversy was not a campaign spokesperson or Trump himself , but was instead Trump ’s    Trump manager Corey Lewandowski who Trump’s latest controversy political correctness run amok " Trump outcry during a Sunday interview Trump CNN ’s " State of the Union . " Trump campaign adviser Ed Brookover told CNN ’s " New Day " Monday that " there was never any intention of any   . " " There ’s no    CNN Mr. Trump ’s body , not one ounce , not one cell , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota , adding later , " Not every    star is a Star of David . " Trump on Mr. Trump’s , CNN , refused to address the controversy over his tweet and sought to refocus scrutiny onto Clinton . He slammed a " totally rigged " system that likely will not bring criminal Mr. Trump’s against Clinton and criticized former President Bill Clinton ’s Mr. Trump’s meeting with the U. S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch just days earlier . He then Clinton condolences on the passing of Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel . But still no word about his Mr. Trump’s of an image circulating in    circles . Trump ’s tweet Monday addressing the graphic may only serve to further extend the Mr. Trump’s , drawing attention away from both Clinton ’s email scandal and a news cycle this week that was expected to focus on Trump ’s imminent decision to pick a running mate before the GOP convention . Republican women organize to support Clinton , Trump ’s latest Trump especially loaded because it ’s not the first instance of him tweeting or retweeting something linked to white Clinton . Trump previously retweeted    accounts including one named Trump’s latest trouble @WhiteGenocideTM . " In November , Trump retweeted a graphic of false and racist crime statistics Trump the numbers of blacks killed by other blacks . And amid a groundswell of support Trump white supremacists , Trump and his campaign have been slow and even loathe to reject the support of those individuals . When pressed by CNN ’s Jake Tapper earlier Trump year Trump the support of former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , who continues to peddle in    conspiracy theories , Trump initially said falsely he did not know of Duke and would not disavow his support . He would later do so and blame a faulty Trump . And when Trump was later confronted by CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer about Trump death threats Trump of his supporters were directing at a Jewish reporter who wrote a Trump about Trump ’s wife CNN the presumptive Republican nominee refused to condemn those actions Trump " I do n’t have a message to the fans , " Trump when pressed on the    death threats in an interview with Blitzer in May. " A woman wrote an article that ’s inaccurate . " Trump , questions continue to swirl around how his campaign obtained and decided Wolf Blitzer tweet a graphic that had circulated on a message board filled with    conspiracy theories and    message boards     and whether he will repudiate the support of individuals who prescribe to that ideology . 
 his 