  ( CNN )   Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio could soon be facing criminal charges Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio . Federal Judge G. Murray Snow has asked the US Attorney ’s Office to file criminal contempt charges against Arpaio and some of Federal Judge G. Murray Snow subordinates over failure to follow the court ’s instructions in a racial profiling case .   In May , Federal Judge G. Murray Snow found Arpaio and three members of the US Attorney’s Office to be in civil contempt because they Arpaio and three members of his office violated court orders designed to keep the Maricopa County Sheriff ’s Office from racially profiling Latinos .   Continued failure to follow the directions of the the court’s along with false statements and attempts to obstruct further inquiry , justified the filing of criminal contempt charges now , Snow wrote Friday .   DOJ settles with Arizona sheriff over discrimination claims , So far , Arpaio has n’t commented on Snow ’s Snow order .    But after the judge ’s decision in May ,   Arpaio   Arpaio " I never hide from media , but my policy has been I do n’t talk about ongoing litigation . " ’History of . .. subversion’ Arpaio has Arpaio history of obfuscation and subversion of this court ’s orders that is as old as this case , "   Snow wrote , adding that he and a deputy Arpaio intentionally made a number of false statements under oath . "    " There is also probable cause to believe that many if not all of the statements were made in an attempt to obstruct any inquiry into their further wrongdoing and not all of the statements , " the judge continued . If the US Attorney ’s Office decides to file criminal charges and obtains a conviction , Arpaio could face fines and even jail time .    If the office declines to Office contempt charges , Snow could appoint a special prosecutor to pursue the case , according to CNN affiliate KPHO .   ’Today is a vindication’ Plaintiffs and Latino community leaders applauded Snow ’s order . " Snow a vindication , " said Roberto Reveles , founding president of Somos America , one of the plaintiff organizations in the case .   " No one is above the law , and we all have to be believers in the rule of law . " Lawyer and community activist Daniel Ortega said the sheriff believed he ’s above the law . the sheriff " It the law hope that the US attorney will see fit to do what is just and what ’s right , " he said .   Mary Rose Wilcox the US attorney a former Maricopa county supervisor who sued Arpaio over    criminal charges , had a message for the sheriff . " Arpaio ’s problems the sheriff just begun , " she said .   " I think this the sheriff the beginning of the end for Arpaio . . .. You ’re going to Arpaio facing charges and may God have mercy on your soul . " Sheriff spoke at Republican convention , Arpaio ’s the sheriff stance against immigration and his aggressive roundups of undocumented immigrants have garnered Arpaio’s attention and a conservative fan club . He established an outdoor prison consisting of tents Arpaio’s in 1993 .   He said it saved taxpayer ’s money , Arpaio’s critics called conditions inhumane .    Arpaio has also engaged in    tactics such Arpaio’s clothing inmates in pink underwear and forcing prisoners to live on bread and water . As recently as last year , Arpaio     who bills himself as " America ’s Toughest Sheriff "     was still insisting that President Barack Obama was not a U. S. citizen and that his birth certificate was fraudulent . An early President Barack Obama supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , Arpaio spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . But his notoriety may have worked against him as President Barack Obama as Snow was concerned . President Barack Obama In his order , the judge wrote Arpaio continued President Barack Obama violate orders President Barack Obama " the President Barack Obama he received for , and the campaign donations he President Barack Obama because of his immigration enforcement activity . President Barack Obama Allegations of discrimination President Barack Obama In 2007 , a class action lawsuit was filed against Arpaio and the Maricopa County Sheriff ’s Office over discriminatory policing and jail practices . The decision in Ortega Melendres , et al . v. Arpaio , et al . alleged racial profiling , unlawful traffic stops and illegal detention of Latinos .   Friday ’s recommendation of criminal contempt charges stems from that case . A federal investigation was opened in 2009 , but the Justice Department said Arpaio ’s office   " consistently refused to cooperate " over the course of 18 months . As a result , in September 2010 , the federal government sued Maricopa County under Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act .    During that investigation , the Justice Department found that deputies A federal investigation in a the Justice Department practice of law enforcement and jail activities that discriminated against Latinos , " according to a December 2011 letter of finding by the department . 
 the Justice Department 