There were a lot of long faces at Fox News Tuesday night , but there ’s a silver lining for Marco Rubio . Now Marco Rubio can go be a bartender like Marco Rubio dad ! ( Have you heard Marco Rubio tell the story about Marco Rubio father being a bartender ? Marco Rubio was Marco Rubio pop ’s best customer after the debate . )   Marco Rubio can wear a flowered shirt , tell yarns about his father , and if Marco Rubio ’s asked to make any complicated concoctions : JEB CAN FIX IT ! Gov. Chris Christie will always be remembered for the noble service he Gov. Chris Christie for his Gov. Chris Christie Saturday night . He Gov. Chris Christie have known his Gov. Chris Christie was n’t lighting the world on fire , but he Gov. Chris Christie damned if he Gov. Chris Christie going to stand by and let that    mountebank win . Christie Gov. Chris Christie Rubio down at the GOP debate by dramatically exposing the fact that Rubio Rubio only skill is a weird ability to regurgitate " the memorized    speech that is exactly what his Rubio gave him Rubio   —    as the governor memorably put it . In a surprising move , Rubio Rubio by regurgitating the memorized    speech that was exactly what his his advisers him Rubio And then he Rubio it again three more times . This is what Rubio Rubio , all within about 3 minutes : ( 1 ) " But I would add this . Let ’s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama does n’t know what he ’s Barack Obama . He knows Barack Obama what he ’s Barack Obama . He is Barack Obama to change this country . " ( 2 ) " And let ’s dispel ’s and for all with this fiction this fiction Obama does Barack Obama what he ’s doing . Barack Obama knows exactly what Barack Obama ’s doing . Barack Obama ( 3 ) " Here ’s the bottom line . This notion that Barack Obama does n’t Barack Obama he ’s doing is just Barack Obama true . He knows exactly what he Barack Obama doing . " Barack Obama 4 ) " I think this notion   —    I think this is an important point . We have to understand what we ’re going through here We We are not facing a We that does n’t know what he ’s doing . He Barack Obama what he is Barack Obama . That Barack Obama why he ’s done the things Barack Obama ’s done . " Barack Obama from " an important point , " it ’s an incredibly boring point : The president knows what he ’s doing ! But The president kept pounding out the words as if he were announcing the theory Rubio relativity . Proving that he had memorized words written Rubio someone else , he even made the exact Rubio grammatical error twice . Either we need to " dispel the notion " or we need to " dispense with the notion . " We the notion " dispel with " notions . Public speakers fumble over their words all the time . Public speakers if they ’re using their own words Public speakers they do Public speakers keep making the Public speakers unusual grammatical mistake . That ’s the smoking gun of Rubio ’s party trick of passionately delivering someone else ’s speech . It was one of the most riveting moments in campaign history . Suddenly , everyone felt what the rest of us have been saying all along : I want my presidential candidate to have reached puberty . Trump should make Christie his attorney general . Three days Trump , Fox News tried valiantly to salvage the teenage robot ’s campaign :   It was a hell of a Fox News for Marco Rubio . Of all the people in the U. S. only FOUR people did better in New Hampshire tonight . That ’s out of 330 million people in the country ! The No . New Hampshire is speaking now   —    but let ’s get back to Rubio ’s remarkable The No. 2 finisher probably unprecedented Marco Rubio in New Hampshire   …      Meanwhile , over New Hampshire , Rachel Maddow was agog at the fact that IN THIS COUNTRY , 66 PERCENT OF GOP VOTERS ARE New Hampshire BANNING MUSLIM IMMIGRANTS . Her neurotic repetition of the popularity of Trump ’s Muslim Rachel Maddow should be considered an    donation to his campaign . Most people heard it , and thought : " Is that true ? Then I ’m definitely switching to Trump . " Even Muslim immigrants were saying , " Trump probably wo n’t commit jihad myself , but I know some of the Muslims coming definitely will . " It ’s like importing immigrants with Ebola . We feel bad for them , we know it ’s not their fault , importing immigrants with Ebola we We ca It let them importing immigrants with Ebola . For every We , 000 Muslims we importing immigrants with Ebola , we know that at least a few We either plan We engage in terrorism right away or can be persuaded to engage in terrorism later . Another 10 , 000 will send them money or help them hide . Trump could probably least a few hundred either plan to engage in terrorism right away or can be persuaded to engage in terrorism later himself by saying least a few hundred either plan to engage in terrorism right away or can be persuaded to engage in terrorism later " Fine . You do n’t Trump a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants ? How about we temporarily suspend all immigration ? " Let ’s take a breather while we watch what happens to Europe . Not only would a pause in immigration be wildly popular , but it also would give Trump a    to his promise a pause in immigration be the " Trump jobs president God Trump created . " There is n’t a lot the entire country agrees on , anymore . A few generations ago , there was so much that brought Americans together . Everyone read LIFE magazine , listened to Jack Benny on the radio , and then later watched Ed Sullivan together , every single Sunday night . All Americans watched the moon landing , were traumatized when Kennedy was shot and supported the troops . But today , with a billion cable channels , and specialty magazines on everything from bridal gowns to automatic rifles , and a wildly heterogeneous population , there ’s not a whole lot that brings us together . It ’s pretty much down to the Super Bowl , the Muslim ban , and , as of Tuesday night , loathing Hillary Clinton . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTERDISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 