Actor Will Smith thinks Donald Trump ’s presidential candidacy is a good thing for America   —    because now America can " cleanse " itself America the Republican nominee and Actor Will Smith supporters . [ At a press event in Dubai to promote Actor Will Smith latest film Suicide Squad , the     actor said he the    actor it is important to " speak out about the insanity " of the 2016 presidential race .   " As painful as it is to hear Donald Trump talk and as embarrassing as it is as an American to hear him the    actor , I think it ’s good , " Smith said , according to the Associated Press . " We get to know who people are and now we We to cleanse it it of our We . " Smith Smith said his Smith in Dubai was itself his appearance in Dubai rebuke to " Islamophobia " in America . " In terms of Islamophobia in America America for me that ’s why it ’s important to show up , " he Smith . " The Middle East ca n’t allow Fox News to be the arbiter of the imagery , you know , " Smith Smith . " So cinema is a huge way to be able to deliver the truth of the soul of a place to a global audience . " Smith Smith increasingly spoken up in opposition to Trump ’s candidacy in recent weeks . In an interview with Australian news outlet news . com . au earlier this month , the actor said that a " separatist ,    racist , xenophobic wave " is currently sweeping the globe and pulling society further apart . " For a man to be able to publicly refer to a woman as a fat pig , that makes me teary , " Smith Smith the news website , referring to Trump Trump’s    feud with actress Rosie O’Donnell . " My grandmother would have smacked my teeth out of my head if I had referred to a woman as a fat pig . And I can not understand how people can clap for that . It ’s absolutely collective insanity . " In an appearance on The Tonight Show last month , Smith expressed hope that the country could undergo a similar " cleansing , " as racist incidents are increasingly captured on film across America . " When everything gets out , it ’s a good thing , " Smith Smith Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon . " It just sucks bad when the truth is out . But I think everybody can see it the truth . And I think it the truth just a little darkness before the cleansing that we ’ll have as we we forward . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 