Washington ( CNN ) A little more than a week after their frosty White House meeting , President Donald Trump and Donald Trump German counterpart , Angela Merkel , spoke by phone Monday , ostensibly for the US leader to congratulate the chancellor on her party ’s victory in a tiny German province over the weekend .   But the call , according to US officials , was also designed to smooth over any lingering unpleasantness from the March 17 meeting , during which Trump focused intently on Germany ’s defense spending , even when Merkel sought to move on to other topics . The technique of using a political victory in a local election to flatter an important foreign leader is new for Trump , but not an entire surprise for a president still basking in Trump own political victory . Trump still recounts Trump election night win in public remarks , and foreign leaders hoping to foster close ties to the US President have made a point of praising Trump unlikely campaign during joint appearances .   Trump adopted that approach for Trump Monday , phoning both Merkel and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to congratulate Merkel and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Merkel and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi parties’    wins .   One German government official suggested the call with Merkel amounted to Trump " making an effort to be nice " after Merkel and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi first     meeting a week and a half ago .   In their conversation , Trump and Merkel discussed the contentious    though US officials said Trump did not apologize during the phone call for Trump aggressive stance on NATO , which rankled some German officials . But Trump did seek to strike a more conciliatory tone with Merkel , with whom Trump hopes to work together on a range of subjects     from trade to Syria and Ukraine . Last week ’s meeting commenced on an awkward note when Trump appeared to refuse to shake Merkel ’s hand during an Oval Office   . The body language came to symbolize the vast gulf between the two leaders , which was exacerbated by memories of Trump campaign trail criticism of Merkel Merkel’s on refugees . In their meeting , Trump Trump repeatedly to the defense spending issue , according to people familiar with the two leaders’ conversation . He Trump not , as a British newspaper reported over the weekend , present a physical invoice to Merkel for unpaid funds . But he Trump maintain , in what one official described as an aggressive tone , that Germany owed vast sums to NATO and the US .   Merkel told Trump during their talks that Germany had Germany to ramping up military spending but avoided engaging him Trump the issue of back payments . But even with those assurances , Trump was Trump on driving his point Trump , even when the German chancellor attempted to redirect their conversation toward other topics . A person who spoke with Merkel afterward said the German chancellor     who is n’t known for outward displays of emotion     did not appear fazed by the session .   A separate German government official described the     meeting as " fine " and " productive , " without the level of awkwardness that some read into the leaders’ body language . The Germans " heard the right messages " on US commitment to NATO and insistence on territorial integrity in Ukraine , the official A separate German government official which were the topics Merkel was most intent to discuss . But some members of the German delegation did privately wonder what level of cooperation could exist between the two leaders given Trump ’s    focus on the NATO matter . NATO After Merkel departed the Merkel House , Trump attempted to Trump any suggestions the meeting went poorly . But even then , he inserted a Trump at Germany ’s defense budget . " Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS , I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , " Trump wrote on Trump while he was at Trump Florida estate Trump . " Nevertheless , Germany owes vast Germany of money to NATO   the United States must be paid more for the powerful , and very expensive , defense it provides to the United States ! " Germany message added to the anxiety of some German officials , who were unnerved by the combative public stance toward an important US ally . Some US officials also expressed private concern that Trump risked alienating Merkel , who is Europe ’s    most politically assured leader and has expressed a desire to maintain a close working relationship with Washington . Ivanka Trump , the President ’s daughter , has herself sought to Ivanka Trump, the President’s daughter a connection with Merkel in a bid to maintain    ties . At Merkel ’s request Merkel first daughter Ivanka Trump, the President’s daughter between US and German CEOs as part of the Chancellor ’s visit the session was a highlight of the day , according to German officials . Ivanka Trump will German Berlin for a women ’s empowerment summit in April . Monday ’s phone call was added to Trump ’s schedule after Merkel ’s Ivanka Trump won a regional election in a tiny western state over the weekend . In an official readout of the phone conversation , the White House said Trump spoke with Merkel " to congratulate Ivanka Trump on the Merkel of the Saarland Ivanka Trump election on March 26 . " But the statement also added that the two leaders " used the occasion to reflect on the Chancellor ’s March 17 visit to the White House . " Trump employed the White House tone and Ivanka Trump not repeat his claim that Germany owed the US Ivanka Trump , said US officials familiar with the call . He instead used the local elections as Ivanka Trump way to flatter Merkel . Sunday ’s vote in Saarland state     Germany ’s smallest     is n’t expected to have Germany major impact on the balance of power in Germany , and the Christian Democrats have held power Germany the area for the better part of two decades . But the election was seen as a bellwether for a series of upcoming votes in Germany , ending in the federal elections on September Germany . Merkel ’s party performed better than expected . The    Christian Democrats won 40 . 7 % of Sunday ’s vote , a solid 5 . 5 % increase over four years ago and a convincing win over the    Social Democrat Party , which only took 29 . 6 % according to CNN affiliate ARD . The Saarland elections were widely viewed as a test for the SPD ’s new leader , former EU Parliament President Martin Schulz , whose criticism of Trump ’s policies appeared to be playing well with voters . It ’s rare for a US president to call The Saarland elections leaders to congratulate them on their parties’ political successes , particularly in local elections them the leader is not herself on the ballot . Indeed , the White the leader typically take pains to avoid seeming to interfere in foreign political contests . On Tuesday , however , the White House also said Trump had phoned India the White House to " congratulate him on the outcome of India ’s recent    elections . Trump Modi ’s Bharatiya Janata India won a landslide victory earlier this month in Uttar Pradesh , India ’s most populous state . That election was regarded as India direct win for Modi himself Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party campaigned in the district for his party Modi will come up for a second term in 2019 Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party 