’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump launched into an early morning tweetstorm    Sunday , the day after national protests demanding President Donald Trump release President Donald Trump    tax returns . ’ ’    In a series of tweets , President Donald Trump responded to critics who have    highlighted that following his President Donald Trump with Chinese President Xi    Jinping , he Jinping reversed on his Jinping to declare China a    currency manipulator . ’ ’    During the 2016 campaign , the    presidential    nominee   that China China manipulating its China to boost    exports , a policy that cost American manufacturing jobs . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhy would I call China China currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem ? We us see what happens ! ’t’t’ "    After wishing America a   he blasted organizers of Saturday ’s Tax March .    The nationwide protest urged Trump to release his Trump    returns , a presidential tradition he he declined to uphold . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a    won the Electoral College ! Now Tax Returns are brought up again ? ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tSomeone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday . The election is over ! ’t’t’ "    Saturday ’s Tax March protest was   by a network of      groups whose support and sponsorship was public on    the march ’s website . Organizers reported that a total of 100 , 000    protesters participated in Tax March events across the US . " ’    The Tax March as Democratic lawmakers renewed their calls Democratic lawmakers    the president to release his tax the president . ’ ’    In a video released Friday , Sen. Elizabeth Warren questioned    whether Trump was attempting to hide mob ties or unsavory    foreign business connections . ’ ’    " Who really calls the shots over the man who now sits in    the    House ? " Warren asked Sen. Elizabeth Warren " He could Sen. Elizabeth Warren this up just    like that if he would Sen. Elizabeth Warren his taxes Sen. Elizabeth Warren . " ’ ’    Confronted repeatedly by his refusal Sen. Elizabeth Warren release his tax Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    Trump has claimed that he will Trump them when ’ ’   Confronted repeatedly by his refusal to release his tax returns,    is Trump longer    under audit from the IRS , though there are no rules stipulating    that he can Trump release his tax Trump while he is Trump audit . ’ ’President Donald Trump launched into an early . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 