  ( CNN ) Army cadets flooded the football field of MT Bank Stadium with a sea of gray Saturday , just after Army cadets football team sank Navy for the first time since 2001 . In ending a    losing streak , the Black Knights stifled the Midshipmen ’s offense , especially in the first half , and sent a slew of runners at Navy defenders to fight for a    win .   After the    victory , hundreds of Army cadets swamped the field to celebrate the upset win over    Navy .   As CNN ’s Coy Wire interviewed Army Coach Jeff Monken , thrilled fans almost drowned them out with them celebratory yelling . " What a feeling , " Monken said . " I ’m so proud of our guys . I ’m so proud for this corps of cadets and for the United States Army . " Everybody laying in a foxhole ( or ) chasing a bad guy right now , this one is for you . " Bleacher Report : Complete coverage of the United States Army ’s upset , The enthusiastic celebration of a win over Complete coverage of Army service academy rival comes after a long , at times embarrassing wait . Ten of the United States Army ’s 14 losses were by more than a touchdown . the United States Army lost last year , coincidentally , by a    score . the United States Army ran for three touchdowns last year , two by running back Andy Davidson . Quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw toughed out a    scoring run with six minutes to go to give the Black Knights the win . Eight the United States Army players rushed the ball 70 times , totaling 314 yards . the United States Army threw only four passes . Navy quarterback Zach Abey , in his Navy quarterback Zach Abey collegiate start , rallied his Navy quarterback Zach Abey from a    halftime deficit , but the Midshipmen were doomed in part by five turnovers .   the United States Army also dominated possession     keeping the ball for more than 40 minutes .   Navy Navy in the first half , getting only one first down and being shut out on the scoreboard . Navy Navy is it still leads the series , which began in 1890 , with 60 wins in 117 games . Trump cheers from sidelines of    game ,    Donald Trump Trump game along with former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and his pick for Trump director , Rep. Mike Pompeo , who graduated at the top of his West Point Trump in 1986 . Later , the    visited the CBS broadcast booth .   " I just love the armed forces , love the folks , their spirit is the folks incredible , " Trump told CBS . " CBS do n’t know if it ’s necessarily Trump best football but it ’s very Trump . .. but boy do they have spirit , more than anybody . It ’s beautiful Trump " 
 