The      Super    cat is well and truly out of the bag . Seddique Mateen , the father of the Orlando shooter is an ardent Hillary Clinton supporter . No offence to Mario . [ You ’d think that Mateen might consider the ramifications for Hillary Clinton before openly supporting Hillary Clinton , but it seems Hillary Clinton just ca n’t contain Hillary Clinton enthusiasm . Hillary Clinton was pictured standing directly behind Hillary Clinton at a recent rally in Florida , and even created Hillary Clinton own sign praising Hillary Clinton policies .   The sign that the Orlando shooter ’s father made for Hillary https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) August 9 , 2016 ,   America ’s gays should pay close attention to this story . Omar Mateen ’s brutal slaughter of gays in Orlando was motivated by the virulent homophobia than runs through the Islamic religion . According to none other than Omar Mateen’s    father , it was the sight of two men kissing on the street that pushed Omar Mateen’s over the edge   —    as if that was an excuse . And where did Omar Mateen’s learn the deadly Islamic intolerance of gays ? From Omar Mateen’s father , of course . The same man who made a sign praising Hillary as " good for national security " is an ideological supporter of the Taliban who , shortly after the Orlando shootings , said that Muslims did n’t need to kill gays because " God will punish those involved in homosexuality . " In other words , at the Mateen household , punishing gays was only frowned upon because , well , that ’s Allah ’s job ! For    gays , it ’s time to take stock of the situation . Hillary Clinton may not welcome Mateen ’s support , but Hillary Clinton has n’t openly disavowed it either ( contrast that with Trump ’s rapid rejection of David Duke ) . But the bigger issue is , why is Mateen supporting Hillary Clinton in the first place ? Let me put the bigger issue another way . A homophobic Muslim says A homophobic Muslim supports Hillary because Hillary ’ll take guns out of the hands of    citizens looking to defend themselves against people exactly like A homophobic Muslim son . A    Afghani who runs a TV show openly praising the Taliban praises Hillary for Hillary stance on " national security . " It ’s sort of like the local mobster endorsing a District Attorney candidate . Whoever the local mobster endorsing a District Attorney candidate backs , It ’s probably best to vote for the other guy . Gays need to take another look at the Democratic party . There ’s a reason why Mateen supports Hillary , and a reason why Mateen supports Hillary ’s obvious : Hillary ’s far softer on Muslim radicals , both foreign and domestic , than Donald Trump . In an age where the greatest threat to gays bows down towards Mecca five times a day , this is deadly serious . Even without the Islam stuff , Donald Trump had a better track record on supporting gay rights than Hillary Clinton . But the endorsement of Siddique Mateen raises the stakes far beyond petty squabbles over marriage and wedding cakes . For gays , the threat of Islam is a matter of life or death . There can be no second guesses , and there will be no second chances . This election year , we ’re voting for we very survival . After the shootings , I visited Orlando to give a speech . I said then what I ’ll say again now : gays , like Jews after the Holocaust , need to say " Never Again ! " That means dumping the Democrats if the Democrats daily capitulations to Islam do n’t come to a sudden stop   —    and it does n’t look like the Democrats will . the Democrats ’s been nice to us in the past , sure . But they the Democrats chosen Muslims over us us We us to stop choosing them the Democrats 
 