’   ’ ’    Just days after Donald Trump won the presidential election ,    people around the country   to document instances of bullying and    harassment that sprang up in American schools . ’ ’    Parents   about the verbal and physical abuse Parents  about the verbal and physical abuse their   children suffered    children suffered . Students recorded videos of   in the halls . ’ ’    Through all of this , educators have been the ones    expected to find teachable moments , handle insensitivity    with grace , and remind educators students how members of a civil    society ought to treat one another . ’ ’    Business Insider spoke with three such teachers . Each teaches a    different subject , at a different grade level , and in a different    part of the US . They shared They fears about teaching in a Trump    America and how They plan to confront the intolerance that    many people fear the election has legitimized . ’ ’ Allan DeCarlo , 52 , 11th & 12th grade history and    government in upstate New York ’ ’’ "    The morning after Trump    was declared    DeCarlo was    not looking forward to going to school . Many of DeCarlo students    in Pittsford , a suburb of Rochester , were Hillary    supporters , so DeCarlo knew Hillary   supporters ’d take the results hard . " ’    " I found kids in tears , and more than anything else my    reassurance came in the form of a hug , " DeCarlo tells Business    Insider . DeCarlo compares the somber mood to the one following the    attacks on September 11th . ’ "    For that reason , DeCarlo says DeCarlo biggest fear is that DeCarlo students will no longer feel safe and protected at school .       after the election , he DeCarlo several gay and Muslim    students came to him DeCarlo to be excused from the    school ’s planned field trip to Washington DC for Inauguration    Day . He DeCarlo to assure them several gay and Muslim   students he DeCarlo stand near them several gay and Muslim   students all    times and make sure nothing bad happened .   " ’    " Our job is going to be to help kids heal through this , " he DeCarlo .    " I’’m going to have to assure them that we Our have people who    will look out for their them interest . " ’ ’ Angel Corral , 28 , 10th & 11th grade science    in Oakland , California ’ "    Roughly 80 % of the 250 students at Corral ’s school are Latino ,    and about a dozen are undocumented , she    . Trump ’s       of deportation have her    about how to talk       kids whose families could get taken from their whose families ,       as many students   —    some of whom are the    first in their some of whom to attend high school   —    begin to prepare    for college . " ’    " As a teacher , I need to be able to create a container than can    hold my students ’’ emotions , " she    Business Insider . " But the    next steps after that are not so clear to me . " ’ "    Corral says the high school   been diligent about giving students a    safe space to share their feelings students and even brought in    psychology    from nearby UC Berkeley to help kids cope . As    for the    posts documenting hate crimes , however ,    she ’s    happy that has n’t happened to any of her students    " ’    " Luckily , we have a pretty diverse student population and have    built this empathy with each other , " she says    ’ ’ Diana * 27 , 2nd grade in southern Missouri ’ ’ * Because the town where she works    very small , the    teacher we are calling Diana did not want to share her real Diana    or the name of the town . ’ "    The world is small for many people in Diana ’s Diana .    Lots of her students Diana to the same Baptist or Christian    church . There are no stoplights in the whole the town is    white . " ’    When Trump won the election , Diana says Diana was Diana .    Personally , she’’d hoped for a different outcome , but doubly so    for her students    " ’ "    She knows Diana kids are parroting what they hear , and the kids    she feels Diana    pressure to open their eyes to the the kids world beyond their home town . the kids Trump as president , she    Diana her kids Diana n’t the kids to many new ideas . " ’   ’ 
 