Talk radio host Glenn Beck , who is in Iowa with his family and staff campaigning for GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz , took to his Facebook page earlier this week to blast GOP    Donald Trump , calling the New York builder " a pathological narcissistic sociopath " who is " trying to put Megyn Kelly   …      in his dungeon . " [ In a Facebook post this week , his wrote :   I have had more than one medical professional warn me that GOP   Donald Trump is a pathological narcissistic sociopath . I do not say that lightly nor to smear him Donald Trump is a pathological narcissistic sociopath Look the terms up and talk to psychiatric professionals . A few have already written about this and spoken out . While , I want to be clear as do they , no one can officially diagnosis this this out private sessions , I have had more than one professional have laugh at his when I suggested in Trumps defense that , maybe he Trumps was n’t a sociopath " . I warn you with as much conviction as I warned in 1999 about Osama Bin Laden attacking NYC . People on the right laughed at his . Look what happened . In    I warned about the housing collapse . People on both sides laughed and the right accused me of trying to hurt the GOPs chances of a win . We almost collapsed the Global economy because of the housing and banking scandal . I warned about the caliphate and we We what everyone said and what has happened . I do not make predictions . I look at things through the lens of history and then actually listen to what the people themselves say . Donald Trump is telling you who he Donald Trump everyday , but people only , listen to what they people only to hear . The scriptures teach us that when a people lose themselves a people unrighteousness they a people cry out for a King " . This is what we us doing . We us find our us principles again or we us joyfully welcome a king . Donald Donald Trump be more than happy to be your king a king , it is vital to remember ,   —     kings have a dungeon . And he is Donald Trump to put Megyn Kelly and anyone else that does not agree , say nice things about him , Donald Trump not endorse or play by his rules Donald Trump his dungeon Donald Trump a dungeon I warn you : Donald Trump Donald Trump that is a big government progressive with narcissistic tendencies who will preach populism and nationalism in a time of economic and social unrest is a dangerous road to go down . This is not about Donald Trump . Donald Trump several shows at Fox warning the RIGHT Donald Trump be careful as this was easily the next step of they did n’t guard against anger , even if justified , and progressivism . This is not personal . This is history and if it This n’t him , it will Donald Trump someone else . Do n’t believe me ! Do n’t ever take my word or anyone else ’s for it . Read history . Start with Father Couglin . Of course there are many other examples from Venezuela to Europe in the 1930 ’s . You may not like what I am saying . You do n’t have to . Just do your own homework . Dispassionately think it through reading and studying and then play the odds . At this point , the wrong President will mean that the great American experiment is over and a new system of corruption , cronyism and fascism will begin . Donald Trump is entering a phase I did n’t think he would get to until he Donald Trump the nominee or the Donald Trump President . He actually believes what he said Donald Trump weekend . He Donald Trump shoot someone on fifth Donald Trump and not lose a single vote . He believes himself to be unstoppable Donald Trump above Donald Trump the ‘ little people’ have to do or how they must act that he will do whatever he wants Donald Trump And his crowd Donald Trump cheer him on Donald Trump just as he Donald Trump . To him , Donald Trump is about Money Donald Trump ratings and power . Look at what he said tonight : " let Donald Trump see how their ratings go what he said tonight me . " Ratings = money Donald Trump If he controls the money he controls Donald Trump power . Everyone Donald Trump the media better learn this lesson this time . You failed to listen under Obama and look what he did to the freedom of Donald Trump press . Now is the time to learn and be fearless or you will lick his boot . Beck discussed this Donald Trump post in an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper yesterday . The radio host has been staunchly opposed to Trump ’s candidacy , lambasting the New York builder for not coming on his show and even suggesting that Donald Trump ’s Tea Party supporters are Trump’s opposing President Obama while supporting Trump , who Beck considers to be a leftwing progressive . He has also falsely accused the Donald Trump frontrunner of voting for Barack Obama in the 2008 election despite President Obama public endorsement and fundraising efforts Trump’s McCain . Beck ’s rhetoric and warnings about the future of Beck have gotten increasingly stark . In a Facebook post late last night , Beck wrote : " It is not a fun thing Beck believe these things . It is hell to say them . My older children It when I tell them these things I believe and believe I have to say these things My wife goes quiet . " Beck ’s activities in Iowa this week come on the Beck of news that his media empire is imploding . Lloyd Grove at the Beck Beast reported yesterday , " Beck ’s longtime mentor and corporate executive , Kraig Kitchin Beck has quit as CEO of The Blaze . " The troubled website has seen a sharp decline in its web traffic . The news comes with rumors of The troubled website " mass exodus news more Beck staff in the coming weeks . 
 Beck 