London ’s first elected Muslim mayor , Sadiq Khan , has accused U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump of " playing into the hands " of Islamic State terrorists . [ " I ’m really keen for U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump to come to London , because Donald U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump it appears to me , is under the impression that western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam , " Mr. Khan told USA Today on Thursday .   " I want him to Mr. Khan to London to meet Londoners of Islamic faith who love being British , love being a Londoner , love being love Muslim " continued the man who became the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital in May. He added the man who became the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital in May. " I ’ve got friends and family in America who are proud Americans , proud Muslims and he needs the man who became the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital in May. recognise that he ’s the man who became the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital in May. playing into the hands of Daesh or    ISIL and ISIS by giving the impression there is a clash between the West and mainstream Muslims . There is n’t . " Despite the story being several days old , and Mr. Khan being in the headlines for other reasons this morning   —    including the opening of London ’s night tube and his call Mr. Khan the end of the tenure of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn   —    it appears on Facebook ’s ‘ trending’ section as the number one story this [ Sunday ] morning , under the headline : " London Mayor Says Donald Trump ’s    Comments Are Helping Islamic State Group " . During his campaign Donald Trump be Mayor , it was revealed that Mr. Khan Donald Trump    audiences , had shared platforms with    extremists more than seven times and that his     was Donald Trump a proselytising member of a banned terror group . Since being elected in May , he has promised Donald Trump ban " unrealistic " images of scantily clad women from ads on public transport and secured millions of pounds to fund a police " online hate crime hub " to work in " partnership with social media providers " to criminalise " trolls " who " target   …      individuals and communities . " has hit out at , Mr. Khan has Donald Trump at Mr. Trump before because of his promises to tackle Donald Trump terrorism head on . Shortly after he was elected as Donald Trump , he claimed in an Donald Trump with Time that he would be prevented Donald Trump travelling to the U. S. if Mr. Trump becomes president Mr. Trump Trump has since clarified Mr. Trump , explaining that he Mr. Trump " extreme vetting " Mr. Trump would only ban people from nations with high levels of terrorism , rather than Muslim per se . The    Mayor also said he was looking forward to meeting The   Mayor nominee Hilary Clinton . " You ’ve got a very big thing happening in November , I ’m obviously keen to make sure the right candidate wins and she ’s got my support , " he said . 
 The   Mayor 