DALLAS , TEXAS —   At a rally on the eve of the 12 state Super Tuesday primary elections , Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz said Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz thinks that come Wednesday morning , it will be a    race between Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz and a GOP front runner Donald Trump . [ " It ’s good to be home , " the GOP Presidential hopeful to an enthusiastic crowd of supporters who came out Monday morning to cheer supporters candidate . Ted Cruz was joined by current Texas Governor Greg Abbott , congressman Louie Gohmert and former Texas Governor Rick Perry .   The Texans all pounded Marco Rubio and Donald Trump , especially The Texans all commitments to conservative values on issues such as immigration . After their speeches touting Cruz as " the only conservative candidate running for the Republican nomination , " Cruz told reporters that after results come in Tuesday night :    …     it will become abundantly clear this is a    race . this takes delegates to win the Republican nomination , if you ca n’t win delegates you ’re not going to be the nominee . And what is abundantly clear is once this gets to a    race not only we win , we we handily . We we by 16 points ,   . What ’s gon na matter is how many delegates we we . I believe we we going to do very well here in Texas , we we gon na do well across Super Tuesday . Cruz also encouraged high turnout among the conservative base , saying : It all depends on turnout , it It all on how many conservatives show up to vote . So I would encourage everyone to come out and get on the phone and call your friends and tell them your friends get out and vote . Although Cruz Cruz benefit from Marco Rubio dropping out of the race as it the race give opponents of Donald Trump ’s candidacy no place else to turn , a    Marco Marco Rubio shown no signs of relenting despite not having won a single primary state so far . The latest polls show Cruz Cruz 10 point lead in Texas going into Super Tuesday , although Trump is Donald Trump’s to win a majority of states .   Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 