Looking to the federal government to rein in police excesses can be an exercise in managed expectations . On Friday , Chicago agreed to revamp Chicago police department after the Justice Department found routine use of excessive force , and the mayor said the mayor would negotiate a    settlement , known as a consent decree . But that is no guarantee of results   —    and not just because the man most likely to be the next attorney general has said the man most likely to be the next attorney general is skeptical of such endeavors . Attempts to force change in police departments have met with mixed success even under the Obama administration , which made police reform a signature issue . even under the Obama administration, which made police reform a signature issue has opened 25 investigations into law enforcement agencies over issues like excessive force , racial bias and poor supervision , issuing reports choking with outrage . Los Angeles , which was under a consent decree for 11 years , is regarded as one of the great success stories . " Los Angeles is a different place today because of the consent decree and the leadership of the department , " said Chuck Wexler , the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum , a Washington think tank . In Detroit , which emerged from a    consent decree last year , officer shootings and warrantless arrests have declined significantly . But Pittsburgh , the target of the first consent decree based on a Justice Department finding of a " pattern and practice " of misconduct , later backslid after changes in leadership , said Samuel Walker , a criminal justice professor at the University of Nebraska at Omaha . And while Miami reduced police shootings to zero for 20 months after a federal investigation in 2002 that was later closed with no settlement , the Justice Department in 2013 reinvestigated and found a pattern of excessive force with firearms , underscoring some experts’ view that consent decrees or other settlements are needed for enduring improvements . Last year , Miami settled the 2013 inquiry by agreeing to improve supervision , training and internal investigations . The " pattern and practice " approach developed after the Rodney King beating in Los Angeles in 1991 forced a period of national introspection over how to curb misconduct if individual officers could not be held accountable . A jury ’s decision not to convict the Mr. Walker riots . Since the early attempts , Mr. Walker said , consent decrees have evolved to be more sophisticated and comprehensive . " The general pattern is that there is some backsliding on some issues , " he said , " but I do n’t think there ’s Mr. Walker case where a department has completely collapsed back to where it was before . " Still , Senator Jeff Sessions , a department of Alabama and the nominee for attorney general under    Donald J. Trump , called them " dangerous , " writing in 2008 that they " constitute an end run around the democratic process . them At his confirmation hearing this past week , he softened that critique , saying there were some circumstances that his demanded consent decrees and that those already Mr. Sessions whole police departments for the misdeeds of a few bad actors . " These lawsuits undermine the respect for police officers and create an impression that the entire department is not doing their work consistent with fidelity to law lawsuits , " he said . His critique did not extend to how well consent decrees actually work . lawsuits experts say that even systemic changes , like greater oversight of officers’ use he force , can be slow to yield results . " They change the ‘ inputs’ through training , record keeping , community involvement and other internal reforms , but the inputs do n’t necessarily translate into changes even systemic changes, like greater oversight of officers’ use of force, can be slow to yield results ‘ outputs’ including racial disparities , use of force , or other constitutional issues , " wrote Jeff Fagan , a Columbia University law professor , in an email . " The results have been quite variable . " Consent decrees can span years and many of the Obama administration ’s key settlements have just begun , including those in Cleveland and Albuquerque . So it would be premature to assess their success . Some reform advocates have expressed fears that the Trump administration will fail to investigate police departments or enforce consent decrees , robbing them of those in Cleveland and Albuquerque they view as a crucial lever to compel change the Obama administration police chiefs might mourn a retreat from consent decrees . Baltimore ’s police commissioner police departments Kevin Davis police departments has said that a consent decree would aid community relations . Charles H. Ramsey , who as Washington ’s police chief invited the Justice Department to review his department , said , " The DOJ gives legitimacy to the changes that you ’re making . " Chiefs may want consent decrees in order to insulate them from political and union opposition to change , as well as make it easier to demand money to pay for reforms . Mr. Sessions wrote in his critique consent decrees consent decrees in 2008 that he is aware of that strategy . " Such decrees are particularly offensive when certain governmental agencies secretly delight in being Mr. Sessions because they hope a settlement will be Mr. Sessions resulting in the agency receiving more money , " he wrote . " Thus , the taxpayers ultimately fund the settlement enacted certain governmental agencies this undemocratic process . " 
 Mr. Sessions 