Italy ’s    migration , Eurosceptic Five Star Movement ( M5S ) is now the most popular party in the country according to three consecutive opinion polls this week . [ The results confirm the momentum of the party which has recently captured the mayoralties of Rome , Turin , and seventeen other cities , the Italian capital being won by the charismatic Virginia Raggi   —    the    ‘ Trump of Rome’ .   The new polls which include a result by Ipsos which shows M5S at 30 . 6 per cent are impressive for a party in the Italian system which features a significant number of active parties of varying sizes . The governing party of Matteo Renzi trails on 27 per cent . The new polls are particularly bad news for Italy ’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , reports Euractiv , as Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has staked Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi career on a programme of reforms that M5S opposes . Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has promised to resign Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi position should Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi government lose the forthcoming referendum on Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi package of reforms for Italy’s in October . Italy’s , like other European nations uses    elections which generally have worked to deprive    parties of office . In France , the Front National has repeatedly been denied power in important regional elections because the    system encourages tactical voting . This is a problem M5S has managed to avoid by not being clearly left or right wing , instead standing more broadly against corruption and the excesses of the European Union . Support from the    migration and Eurosceptic , yet distinctly    Lega Nord ( Northern League ) . One such vote where M5S has benefitted from Lega Lega Nord (Northern League) was the Rome contest , where the League leader Matteo Salvini went on record remarking that if he were the League leader Matteo Salvini Roman he ’d the League leader Matteo Salvini for M5S candidate Virginia Raggi . The " telegenic " candidate beat her nearest M5S candidate Virginia Raggi by a remarkable 30 points .  
 