  ( CNN ) More than one million people marched through Washington , D. C. and other American cities Saturday to show support for The Women rights and express their The Women over the election of President Donald Trump . The Women ’s March drew members of Congress ,    actresses and countless citizens like Joanne Gascoyne of Albany , New York a     retired teacher who traveled to New York City with her daughter and two granddaughters . " I feel people are afraid to vote for a woman for president , " Gascoyne said . " I ’m really here for women and to inspire my granddaughters to carry on . " The protesters came out for a range of reasons , including immigration , health care and a general antipathy to Trump . But most said they The protesters to show support for women and feared that there will be attacks on women ’s rights during Trump ’s presidency . CNN did not make its CNN crowd estimates , but compiled official estimates from law enforcement agencies for many of the " sister marches " around the country that drew large crowds . The    count does n’t include the thousands of people who took part in the Women ’s March on Washington for which there was no official crowd estimate . Marches were also held in cities around the world . The biggest demonstration took place in Washington Washington where protesters filled Pennsylvania Avenue , the same street Trump walked down a day before during his Trump parade . In the evening , the crowd moved toward the White House . On the mall , filmmaker Michael Moore , feminist icon Gloria Steinem , musician Alicia Keys and other speakers emotionally attacked Trump Trump his Trump on immigration , Muslims and women .   What celebrities and activists had to say , " It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us the     up , " Madonna told the crowd . " It seems as though we us all slipped into a false sense of comfort , that justice would prevail and that good would win in the end . " Historian Douglas Brinkley told CNN that people will always remember the inauguration and the march as momentous events . " It ’s big . It It a huge moment , " Brinkley Historian Douglas Brinkley . " It It reminded me , believe it It not , of    Day , Victory Over Japan Day , 1945 . Because when victory came people started coming out of apartments and homes . .. a lot of extra people in these towns just started coming out . " Marches across America , March organizers said protests took place in more than 600 cities across the world .   Attendance was not always easy to determine . For instance , Washington March organizers about 500 , 000 people took part , but authorities did not confirm that number or provide their own estimate authorities In Boston , 120 , 000 to 125 , 000 people protested , according to a police aerial photo analysis cited by a senior Boston Police official . Police said the crowd there was too big for the march route and could not proceed because " it would be like a snake eating its tail . it U. S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren urged Boston protesters to Boston : " We can whimper . We can whine We Or we can fight We ! We come here We stand shoulder to shoulder to make clear : We are here We We will not We silent ! We will not We dead ! We will fight We what we believe in We " Pussyhat Project tops off Women ’s March on Washington , In Los Angeles , more than 100 , 000 people marched , police said . So many people crammed into the streets that " our march turned into a stand , " said Ellen Crafts , who handled public relations for the event .   Demonstrators in New York City marched toward Trump Tower     the President ’s main residence when he ’s not the President’s the White House     but were blocked at Fifth Avenue .   Police said 20 , 000 people protested in Houston , 60 , 000 in Oakland . In Atlanta , 60 , 000 people marched with US Rep. John Lewis , a major Trump critic . CNN could not independently confirm any of these crowd estimates . Overall , the protesters were    with police reporting only four arrests in 21 American cities . Nobody was arrested in Washington . Protests even in Antarctica , " Sister marches " happened outside the United States , too .   People gathered to demonstrate in most major cities around the world , including London Tel Aviv Melbourne , Australia Pristina , Kosovo Moscow Berlin and Mexico City     often in front of US embassies . London marches for ’hope not hate’ In Athens , Greece , protesters included refugees from Elliniko Camp , located in the old Athens airport . Athens was even a protest in Antarctica     about 30    tourists and    scientists aboard a ship in international waters hoisted signs saying " Penguins for peace " and " Seals for science , " organizers said . A rallying cry for women , Bigger than inaugural ? The march organizers believe more people came out Saturday for the protests than for Trump ’s inaugural events on Friday . Washington protest organizers , who originally sought a permit for a gathering of 200 , 000 , said Saturday that as Saturday as a half million people participated , dwarfing Friday ’s inaugural crowd .   White House secretary attacks media , More than 470 , 000 people had taken the Metro , the Washington subway system , by 1 p. m. a weekend ridership record . The metro tweeted Saturday there were Saturday , 000 trips taken Saturday by 11 Saturday m.    By comparison , on Friday , there Friday’s 193 , 000 trips by 11 a. m. according to Metro . Not everyone agrees . Trump , in his first speech Trump the Inauguration , said the media    the size of the crowd for his Friday    Trump . " I get up this morning , I turn on one of the networks , and they show an the networks field . I ’m like , wait a minute . I made a speech . I looked out , the field was an empty field looked like a an empty field , million and a half people . They showed a field a million, million and a half people there were practically nobody standing there . And they said , Donald a million, million and a half people did not draw well , " the President said . Trump said the unnamed Donald Trump reported Donald Trump , 000 people Donald Trump   " Now , that ’s not bad , " Trump said . " But it Donald Trump a lie , " adding that the inauguration drew significantly more than 250 , 000 people . Later Saturday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called his first press briefing and questioned White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer media ’s reporting on crowd sizes , saying the Trump inauguration was " the the inauguration ever witness an inauguration , period . " But Metro confirms numbers first reported in the Washington Post showing that 570 , 557 riders took trips between the subway system ’s opening at 4 a. m. Friday through its closing at midnight . The numbers are Metro than what the system numbers first reported in the Washington Post showing that 570, 557 riders took trips between the subway system’s opening at 4 a. m. Friday through its closing at midnight 2009 and 2013 during Obama the subway system’s : 1 . 1 million trips in 2009 and 782 , 000 in 2013 .   ’Strength in numbers’ The protesters , which included many men , hit the streets for different reasons , among them health care , the future of the Affordable Care many men , the environment and income equality .   But Trump ’s stated attitudes toward women and his comments about judging women by their weight and appearance Trump’s coming up , as did women now infamous remarks about grabbing women by their genitalia Trump’s Women ’s March : Cathartic moment or women movement ? " That ’s just something that really angers me , and I do n’t think it has any place in my world , " Maeve Kelly , 25 of Lambertville , New Jersey . " It feels like everything we have worked toward , and all that suffragettes worked toward     so we could vote and be successful     is threatened now we " Leaders and activists from hundreds of    groups joined the march , including the NAACP , Planned Parenthood , the American Federation of Teachers , as well as    and    groups . Canadians say they were turned away at border , Margaret Huang , Canadians executive director of Amnesty International USA , which    the Washington march , said the group ’s members were concerned about talk of a Muslim registry . " These sorts of rhetorical commitments that ( Trump ) made on the campaign trail can not become policy , " she said . Signs make a statement at Women ’s Trump) , The protesters said the protesters of the crowds made a statement in itself . " It ’s important to show strength in numbers , " said Jennifer Turney of Weathersfield , Vermont , who traveled to Boston to march Boston three friends . " We ’re standing up for everyone ’s rights . " 
 