Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump argued that Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) should tell " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump people " to stop , " My people are nice " and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump GOP rivals who have stated violence has n’t occurred at violence rallies " do n’t have any people at violence rallies " before stating " we ’ve got to fight back " at a rally in Dayton , OH on Saturday .   Trump said , " [ A ] planned attack just came out of nowhere . Printed by   —    and it was printed by people that were professional people . If you look at the posters , the posters ’re all printed , the posters have a mark on the posters , who made the posters . All done by a group , all very professionally done . " Trump later stated , " I ’m watching the news , and All done by a group [ fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio ] said , well , at they [fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio] rallies , they [fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio] would never have anything like that . they [fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio] do n’t have any people at they [fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio] rallies , folks . There ’s nobody there . " Trump further said , " [ T]hey want me to tell my people , please be nice , be nice . my people are nice . The people that came there were so nice . And let me tell you , the people that were there , that came there , that were invited there , thousands and thousands of people , they The people that came there no problem . They The people that came there taunted . They The people that came there harassed by these The people that came there These other people The people that came there way , some represented Bernie , our Communist friend . Now , really , Bernie should tell his my people there were n’t Bernie many Hillary people there . You know why I mean , in all fairness to Bernie . The reason there were Bernie Hillary people , they have no Hillary . There Hillary people no fervor . Say what you no fervor Bernie . At least they have Bernie little bit of fervor , right ? But , with Bernie   —    so he Bernie really get up and say Bernie  —    his people my people Stop . Stop.’ Not Bernie  —    . Stop . They said , my people Trump should get up , and this Bernie  —    his people to my people . My people are nice Bernie  —    folks . They ’re nice . " After declaring , " Our My people has divided this country so badly . " And that he would unify the country , Trump said , " Our president look , this country not Bernie  —    my people First Amendment   my people    we just ca n’t my people We can not let my people First Amendment rights my people taken away from us , folks . my people ca n’t let my people happen . We ca n’t let my people happen . We have a right my people speak . I it , we are    people my people We ’re people that my people very hard . We ’re people that my people built this country and made this country great , and we ’re all together my people and this country to get my people with everybody , but when they have organized ,    wise guys , we ’ve got to my people back . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 