A Monmouth University poll released Thursday has Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary , as the vote for the Super Tuesday state is just five days away . [ In the Monmouth University poll , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary has the support of 38 percent of likely voters . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary is trailed by Donald Trump and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) with 23 and 21 percent , respectively . They Donald Trump and Sen. Marco Rubio trailed by Dr. Ben Carson ( 6 % ) and Gov. John Kasich ( 5 % ) .   Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary dominates among " very conservative " voters , obtaining 54 % support from that group . " Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary looks to be    in Texas . The challenge for Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 15 points ahead of Donald Trump in the Texas Republican Presidential Primary is that a lot of other states are also on the slate for Super Tuesday , " said Patrick Murray , director of the independent Monmouth University Polling Institute , in a statement released with the poll . Additionally , almost half of respondents who said they voted early ( 44 % ) cast a ballot for Cruz . In a hypothetical    matchup against Trump and Rubio , Cruz Cruz them Trump and Rubio with 43 % of the vote . He is trailed by Rubio ( 26 % ) and Trump ( 23 % ) . In a     matchup against Trump Trump win Cruz % % according to the survey . When Republican voters were asked who they would definitely Republican voters support , Trump was the Trump favorite candidate , with 28 percent saying they would not Republican voters happy if Trump won the Trump . The Monmouth University polling institute also surveyed Democratic Primary voters , finding that Hillary Clinton holds a 34 point lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in Texas , winning over 64 % of likely voters to Sanders’ 30 % . " Texas was good Texas Hillary Clinton eight Hillary Clinton and she looks set to Hillary Clinton even better this time around , " commented Murray .   The poll was conducted between February   . 
 