New evidence is emerging that Hillary Clinton ’s campaign was , in fact , responsible for spreading the original Birther conspiracy theory in 2008 , which alleged that Barack Obama was born in Kenya and therefore potentially ineligible for the presidency . [ Though Hillary Clinton   —    and the media   —    furiously denied that charge after it was made by Republican nominee Donald Trump on Friday morning , editor James Asher remembered Clinton aide Sidney Blumenthal spreading the rumor . Asher , the former Washington , D. C. bureau chief for McClatchy , tweeted on Thursday evening in response to Clinton :   @HillaryClinton So why did your man # sidblumenthal spread the # obama birther rumor to editor James Asher in 2008 , asking us to investigate ? Remember ?   —    James Asher ( @jimasher ) September 16 , 2016 ,   He your man #sidblumenthal tweeted that Blumenthal had personally shopped the Birther story to him Blumenthal —    in person   —    in 2008 : # CNN says # Hillary team in 2008 never raised # birther issue . # SidBlumenthal ,    # HRC buddy , told me in person # Obama born in # kenya ,   —    James Asher ( @jimasher ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Blumenthal ’s tactics in the 2008 campaign , on this and other issues , were so toxic that the Obama Obama rejected any appointment for him Blumenthal Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . ( Nevertheless , she Blumenthal to retain Blumenthal Blumenthal an adviser , exchanging classified information and intelligence with him Blumenthal Libya , the terror attacks in Benghazi , and other topics . ) Some journalists continue to defend Clinton . Mark Murray , senior political editor for NBC News , said Friday that the fact that " someone "   —    i. e. Blumenthal   —    shopped the Birther story around was not , by itself "someone"  —   i. e. Blumenthal  —   shopped the Birther story around proof the Clinton Clinton " started " it "someone"  —   i. e. Blumenthal  —   shopped the Birther story around If someone shopped the story   —    and no media outlet ran with it the story   —    is that really " starting " it the story   Not how I see it the story   https :   .    —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Trump said Friday morning : Hillary Clinton her campaign Clinton 2008 started the Birther controversy . I finished it . the Birther controversy finished it . the Birther controversy know what I mean . President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period . Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . Thank you very much . CNN ’s Jake Tapper , who declared Trump ’s claim about Hillary Clinton false immediately after Trump ’s Trump’s said Friday afternoon that he was seeking Trump’s from Asher : former McClatchy DC bureau chief @jimasher tweeting that Sid Blumenthal pushed birther lie to him in 2008 former McClatchy DC bureau chief @jimasher Asking for comment ,   —    Jake Tapper ( @jaketapper ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Regnery @joelpollak . 
 