Oculus Rift creator and tech entrepreneur Palmer Luckey has been revealed to be funding the    Trump organization Nimble America , which is dedicated to spreading Trump ’s message on the internet through    Clinton memes and " shitposting . " [    Luckey is worth an estimated $ 700 million after   Luckey sold   Luckey company Oculus to Facebook in 2014 for $ 2 billion , and   Luckey identity as the vice president of Nimble America has only just been revealed after   Luckey used a pseudonym to promote the organization on Reddit .   " We believe that Nimble America has been lead by poor leaders who have abandoned American principles and sold out all Americans , " announced Nimble America in a post on Reddit last week . " With the right leadership America Nimble America reverse its Nimble America towards mediocrity and globalism , becoming great again . " " We ’ve proven that shitposting is powerful and meme magic is real , " they continued . " So many of you have asked us We how we We bring this to real life . We We to do it this a way that was transparent and had purpose . Not just sell    to sell them , but to sell       shitpost . " " It ’s something that no campaign is going to run , " said Luckey to the Daily Beast on the subject of billboards they no campaign planning . " I ’ve got plenty of money   …      Money is not my issue . I thought it sounded like a real jolly good time . " The organization has already spent nearly $ 10 , 000 on billboards ,   and " website ops , " and a billboard is already being planned outside the venue of the first presidential debate . Luckey Luckey the latest tech entrepreneur to come out in support of Donald Trump , after PayPal    Peter Thiel endorsed the Republican presidential candidate at the The organization national convention in July . Thiel was   Peter Thiel revealed to be funding Hulk Hogan ’s lawsuit against Gawker , which ended up leaving both the company and its founder Gawker Denton bankrupt in August . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Charlie Nash @MrNashington or like his page Charlie Nash Facebook . 
 