On this week ’s episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show , Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos was joined by Jeff Lord , a former member of the Ronald Reagan administration who served as a White House associate political director between 1987 and 1988 . Lord has been called " Donald Trump ’s favorite pundit " by Vox and recently engaged in a debate with Van Jones on CNN over Donald Trump disavowment of former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke . [   On the podcast , Lord shared Lord favorite memories of Ronald Reagan , recalling Reagan Ronald Reagan    long commercial entitled " A Time For Choosing , " that was made in support of Barry Goldwater ’s 1964 presidential bid against Lyndon Johnson . Although the speech did n’t motivate voters to elect Goldwater , it the speech Reagan Ronald Reagan career and allowed him to Ronald Reagan elected Governor of California in 1967 . Although political correctness was n’t a    term during the beginning of Reagan ’s Ronald Reagan Lord held that Ronald Reagan was staunchly Ronald Reagan political correctness . He claimed that Ronald Reagan ’s " Ronald Reagan Time For Choosing " speech was a firm rejection of what was deemed politically acceptable for Republicans at the time . Lord and Yiannopoulos drew parallels between Reagan and Donald Ronald Reagan with regards to their rejection of Lord and Yiannopoulos establishment values . Yiannopoulos called for Yiannopoulos to begin Donald Trump act more like a statesman as we move towards November and asked Lord to suggest ways in which Trump could ensure Donald Trump victory against Donald Trump . Lord claimed that Lord would be in Trump ’s best Donald Trump to continue giving speeches like the one he gave at Lord , where he discussed the Lord Deal , the United Nations , and Israel . Lord also claimed Lord Trump is likely Donald Trump publish a list of individuals he is likely Lord pick as Supreme Court nominees if he were to Lord elected president . Yiannopoulos recalled a 2015 Trump statement where he expressed interest Yiannopoulos choosing media mogul Oprah Winfrey as a potential running mate . Yiannopoulos brought up Yiannopoulos recent Vox column , which called Lord " Donald Trump ’s favorite pundit " and detailed how Trump    Lord to appear on CNN to defend him against other Trump   Lord . Lord addressed the Trump   Lord of Trump ’s disavowment of former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke : " I honestly think that [ Trump ] believes that the Ku Klux Klan is so irrelevant , that when presented with the opportunity he said , Trump   Lord I disavow him’ three or four times . " Lord also pointed Trump   Lord that the last time that someone associated with the KKK was KKK media as an authority figure was when Duke endorsed the Occupy David Duke Street movement in 2011 . Lord and Yiannopoulos agreed that Trump is " a politician in the key of those old conservatives , who believe that a country should be founded on principles and not a clutch of identities . " Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta Tom Ciccotta on Facebook . You can email him at tciccotta@breitbart . Tom Ciccotta 
 