Washington ( CNN ) Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence blasted Hillary Clinton Monday for Hillary Clinton comment referring to " half " of Donald Trump ’s supporters as belonging to a " basket of deplorables . "   But Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence declined to categorize Donald Trump’s backer     and white nationalist     David Duke as " deplorable . " " I ’m not in the    business , " Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , while at the same time repeating Donald Trump’s disavowal of Duke white nationalist    David Duke . " We do n’t want his support Duke’s support do n’t We the support of the people who think like him , white nationalist    David Duke he said white nationalist    David Duke Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence repeated his comments white nationalist    David Duke a Tuesday news conference on Capitol Hill . " I have no idea why this man white nationalist    David Duke up , " the Indiana governor white nationalist    David Duke Donald Trump and I have denounced David Duke repeatedly . We have said that we do We want his support We we do n’t David Duke the support We people who think like him . " Clinton jumped on David Duke ’s response , tweeting : " If you wo n’t say the KKK is deplorable , you have no business running the country . " Her running mate , Tim Kaine Clinton also hit Pence over the remark , telling Pence at a campaign event in Ann Arbor , Michigan , on Tuesday , " If you can not call out bigotry , if you can not call out racism , xenophobia , anti     if you ca n’t call it out and you stand back and you ’re silent about it , you ’re enabling it it grow , you ’re it it to become more powerful . it Clinton later said she regretted using the word " Clinton " to describe the percentage of Trump supporters she feels are racist , bigoted Clinton xenophobic , but said she did not regret calling out Clinton ’s more unseemly supporters . Trump Hillary Clinton did not apologize for Clinton of people , " Pence told Blitzer on " The Situation Room , " calling her speech at a fundraiser " intentional Clinton and " forthright . "   " Did she walk it back ? She said Clinton regretted her speech half . Clinton what Clinton it     40 % ? " Pence said . Health records , Pence Pence said that both Clinton and Pence should release detailed medical information on their physical health , arguing that the both Clinton and Trump are in the public interest . " People are vying for the highest office in the land , " the Indiana governor said . " People have a right to know . " Clinton is taking a day off the Clinton trail , staying at her home in Chappaqua after stumbling at Clinton    commemoration event on Sunday . Aides later said she was diagnosed Friday with pneumonia . Clinton is in Washington ahead of meetings Pence Capitol Hill Republicans on Tuesday . Asked if top Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani had gone too far in questioning Clinton ’s health prior to Sunday ’s incident , Pence demurred . Sunday wish Hillary Clinton well . We ’re praying for Clinton recovery . We We to see her back on the campaign We , " he Clinton . " We ’ll leave it top Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani that . " Tax We , Pence also defended his running mate ’s reluctance Pence release his tax returns , even though Pence himself just his reams of financial data Pence own income and tax rates . Trump has said his he will not share his until a " routine audit Trump is completed     Trump Pence said the Republican nominee has every intention of Pence so . Pressed as to why Trump would not release topline information about previous returns now Trump which would not interfere with the audit process     Pence said Trump would release his returns " in Pence " and Trump not parse Trump out piece by piece . "   Pence added that Trump was not violating any laws Pence withholding the data Trump though he acknowledged " there ’s a bit of a tradition Trump . " Trump Foundation , Pence also batted back increased scrutiny of Trump ’s Pence foundation , with reports emerging that Trump Trump almost exclusively directing other people ’s dollars     Trump his own     to charity work . " Anyone who Trump about Donald Trump his career knows that this is a man Trump given Trump tens of millions of dollars to charitable causes , " Pence said . " There ’s simply no question : You can talk to charities all across the country who have benefited by the generosity of the Trump family . And I am very , very proud of their charitable record . " Obama ’s birthplace , Pence reiterated charities all across the country who have benefited by the generosity of the Trump family he himself believes Obama was born in Hawaii Pence but said Obama campaign and Obama had moved well beyond the    controversy : " It ’s a    old issue . It ’s not what the American people are talking about . It Trump during the 2012 campaign was the leading skeptic of Obama ’s birthplace , insisting that his constitutional legitimacy as a Obama was in doubt . He has repeatedly declined during the 2016 campaign to either walk his or expand on the claims , arguing that it would draw media coverage and distract from what he considers the race ’s core issues . Praise for Putin his Trump and Pence have also caught fire for laudatory comments they ’ve made about Vladimir Putin , the Russian leader who Praise for Putin, Trump and Pence widely denounced by US politicians of both parties . Both members of the GOP ticket have said that Putin is a stronger leader than Obama , but Pence said Putin the ticket is not naive about his Russian Pence . " the GOP ticket and I know what Putin ’re dealing with , " Pence said , heralding the businessman ’s skills as a dealmaker Pence " But what you have in Donald Trump is someone who will take the world as it comes Donald Trump 
 