  ( CNN ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn is willing to testify before federal and congressional investigators in federal and congressional investigators ongoing probe into Russian meddling in the US elections , but only if Former national security adviser Michael Flynn is granted immunity . The possibility that Former national security adviser Michael Flynn formerly a key adviser to President Donald Trump during the campaign     could testify potentially represents a major development in the their ongoing probe into Russian meddling in the US elections alleged ties between the Trump campaign President Donald Trump Russia .   Questions have swirled about the nature of Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn Flynn    formerly a key adviser to President Donald Trump during the campaign     Russia and whether Russia Former national security adviser Michael Flynn any restrictions on contacts with foreign officials . He Former national security adviser Michael Flynn forced to resign after he Former national security adviser Michael Flynn Vice President Mike Pence about his Former national security adviser Michael Flynn with the Russian ambassador to the US . " Gen. Former national security adviser Michael Flynn has a story to tell , and he very Former national security adviser Michael Flynn wants to tell it , should the a story to tell permit . . .. No reasonable person , who has the benefit of advice from counsel , would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized ,    environment without assurances against unfair prosecution , " Robert Kelner , Flynn ’s Former national security adviser Michael Flynn , said in a statement late Thursday . The Wall Street Journal first reported Thursday that Flynn was late Thursday talks to try to get a promise of immunity , but that nobody had agreed to his terms Former national security adviser Michael Flynn . However , aides to the House intelligence committee said they have not received aides to the House intelligence committee requests from Flynn yet Former national security adviser Michael Flynn A spokesperson for the Senate intelligence committee the House intelligence committee . Friday morning , Trump urged Flynn to Former national security adviser Michael Flynn for immunity to protect himself from a " witch hunt . Trump " Mike Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) by media   Dems , of historic proportion ! " Trump tweeted . Asked about Flynn ’s offer Trump Peskov , a Kremlin spokesman , said Friday the Russian government has not given it " any Russia He pointed to Russian Former national security adviser Michael Flynn Russia Putin ’s comments on Thursday in which he Russia claims that Russia meddled in the US election as Russian President Vladimir Putin fictional , illusory , provocations and lies . " Three former Trump aides who are at the center of the federal investigation into Russia ’s interference in the US elections have already come forward Russia they would testify freely     without the promise of immunity . Former Three former Trump aides who are at the center of the federal investigation into Russia’s interference in the US elections chairman Paul Manafort , former adviser Roger Stone and former foreign policy adviser Carter Page all said , via their lawyers , last week that they were ready to come before Former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, former adviser Roger Stone and former foreign policy adviser Carter Page all and Senate investigators . House Former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, former adviser Roger Stone and former foreign policy adviser Carter Page all have been discussing bringing Flynn in for weeks now , House they have also expressed concerns that Flynn would plead the Fifth Amendment House investigators forced to testify . Democrats Flynn meanwhile , quickly shot around a comment Flynn made last year on MSNBC , that " when you are Flynn immunity , that means you probably committed a crime . " 
 