’   ’ ’    For at least the fifth time since winning the presidency ,    President Donald Trump again revived claims that widespread    voter fraud was rampant during the election President Donald Trump won . ’ ’ Friday that President Donald Trump insisted during a    meeting with senators that " thousands " of people voted illegally    in New Hampshire , declaring it the reason why former Sen. Kelly    Ayotte didn’’t win reelection in the state . Ayotte didn’’t was present in the    meeting to talk about Trump’ ’s Supreme Court nominee , Neil    Gorsuch , whose nomination effort Ayotte didn’’t is spearheading in Congress . ’ ’    During the   meeting , Trump also revived a moniker for Sen.    Elizabeth Warren that he " an insult aimed at a controversy involving her Elizabeth Warren heritage . ’ ’ ’    Deputy Secretary of State David M. Scanlan , head of the    Election Division ,   in November there was " no indication of    anything that widespread taking place in New Hampshire . " ’ ’    Experts and Republican lawmakers agree . Studies have found no    evidence of voter fraud , particularly at the scale Trump has    referenced . One   analyzed    1 billion ballots cast and found just 31 incidents of      voter fraud nationwide . ’ ’’ ’    After Trump claimed that Trump were " brought in on buses " to    " illegally " vote in New Hampshire , Politico reported , an awkward    silence followed . A bipartisan group of 10 senators attended the    meeting , which was billed by the White House as a " listening    session " on the Supreme Court . ’ ’    While Trump won the Trump College handily with 304 votes    to Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton’ ’s 227 , he trailed    Hillary Clinton’ the popular vote by nearly . It’ ’s this loss that Trump has been Trump publicly irked about , as he claimed in It’ that he " won It’    popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted    illegally . " ’ ’    Two weeks ago ,   that would    establish a commission to investigate voter fraud headed by    Vice President Mike Pence . No such order has been signed ,    but several Republican senators have already come out    against the    . ’ ’    Republican Senate Majority Leader   " totally irrelevant , "    saying it was " time to move on . " ’ ’    Spokespeople for Democratic senators present in the meeting did    not immediately    to requests for comment . ’ ’For at least the fifth time since winning the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 