Washington ( CNN ) The reality of climate change is an open question ,    Donald Trump said in an interview aired Sunday .   " Nobody really knows " if climate change is real ,   Donald Trump said in the " Fox News Sunday " interview , when host Chris Wallace asked the incoming President where the incoming President stands on the environment . " I ’m still   . Nobody really knows . Look , I ’m somebody that gets it , and nobody really knows . it ’s not something that ’s so hard and fast . "   Donald Trump told host Chris Wallace host Chris Wallace is studying whether the United States should withdraw from the United States commitment to limit environmental output made at the Paris summit last year .   " Now , Paris , I ’m studying . I do say this . I do n’t want that agreement to put us at a competitive disadvantage with other countries , "   Donald Trump said . " And as you know , there are different times and different time limits on that agreement . I do n’t want that to give China , or other countries signing agreements an advantage over us . " In point of fact , the vast majority of climate scientists say climate change is real and humans contribute to it . According to NASA , at least 97 percent of actively publishing climate scientists agree that "   trends over the past century are extremely likely due to human activities . " On the campaign trail , Trump called climate change a " hoax " that is being pushed by China , but in recent weeks has showed a growing interest in looking into issue . Trump daughter , Ivanka , has spoken publicly about taking on issue as one of her platforms and Trump has met with notable environmentalists , including former Vice President Al Gore and actor Leonardo DiCaprio . However , Trump named Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt as his choice for head of the Environmental Protection Agency , though Pruitt is a climate change doubter who is currently suing the the Environmental Protection Agency Trump defended Trump selection of Pruitt by Pruitt the current state of the EPA the Environmental Protection Agency businesses do n’t want invest in the United States because there are too many regulations , which Pruitt will help Pruitt . " If you look at what     I could name country after country . You look at what ’s happening in Mexico , where our people are just     plants are being built , and they do n’t our people 10 years to get an approval to build a plant , okay ? " he said . " They build it our people the following day or the following week . We ca n’t let all of these permits that take forever to get stop our jobs . We After noting that Trump has appointed many Cabinet positions and department heads with people who are opposed to what their respective agencies have been doing in recent years , Wallace asked Trump if he Trump " Wallace to take a wrecking ball to the Obama legacy . "   Trump responded by Trump , " No . No . No . I do n’t want to do that at all . I just want what ’s right . " 
 