Raleigh , North Carolina ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton on Wednesday fired back at Donald Trump ’s blistering speech from earlier in the day , calling Donald Trump’s a candidate of " reckless ideas " who is trying to distract the American public . " I guess Donald Trump’s blistering speech yesterday must have gotten under Donald Trump’s skin because right away Donald Trump’s lashed out on Twitter with outlandish lies and conspiracy theories and Donald Trump’s did the same in Donald Trump’s Donald Trump’s blistering speech , " Clinton said at a campaign rally here in Raleigh . " He ’s Clinton after me personally Clinton he has Clinton answers on the substance , " she added Clinton " In fact , he doubled Clinton on being the king of debt , so all he can Clinton is try to distract us . " Just hours before , Trump had unleashed a scorching tirade against Clinton , calling her a Trump   liar " as he took Trump former secretary of state apart on everything from foreign policy to her personality Trump Trump : Trump is Clinton ’   liar’ Clinton , Trump said Trump " may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States . " Trump also Trump Clinton for Clinton ties Trump the Clinton Foundation , a philanthropic organization founded by former President Bill Clinton after his presidency former President Bill Clinton Trump charged Trump Clinton used Clinton organization as a     scheme during her time Trump secretary of state . Clinton responded Clinton accusing Trump of Trump attacking a philanthropic foundation that saves and improves lives around the world . " " It ’s no surprise that he does Clinton understand these things . The Clinton foundation Clinton poor people around the world the world to    AIDS medicine , " Clinton added Clinton " Donald Trump uses poor people around the world to the world line of suits Donald Trump ties . " Clinton ’s Clinton Raleigh was initially billed as an economic policy address , but her campaign felt Clinton was necessary to refute Clinton’s speech in Raleigh of Trump ’s criticisms . Campaigning Donald Trump day before in Columbus , Ohio , Clinton had delivered Clinton dedicated to dismantling Trump ’s economic policies and Donald Trump as a danger to the Donald Trump S. economy . Why the Clinton Foundation is so controversial , Clinton spokesman Glen Clinton slammed Trump ’s speech as being filled Donald Trump hypocritical lies and nutty conspiracy theories . " " Donald Trump continues to prove that he Donald Trump and unfit to be president Donald Trump " Caplin said in a statement .   Clinton Clinton spokesman Glen Caplin the Clinton for government investment to create new jobs and argued for her plan to Clinton college debt free . She also pushed Clinton taxes on " the   " and pledged as president to push policies like affordable childcare and expanding Social Security . She laid out Clinton vision for Clinton economy : " We need to make sure our economy works for everybody , not just We the top , not just for the rich or the    not just for people living in some parts of the country or people from certain backgrounds and not other . I mean everyone . " This platform is intentionally similar to what Clinton ran on in her race during the Democratic primary against Bernie Sanders Clinton RELATED : Hillary Clinton ’s 5 ideas to fix the U. Clinton , Clinton ’s top aides hoped Wednesday ’s speech would signal Clinton intends to run on the same Democratic platform that she Clinton to win the nomination and does not need to Clinton towards the general election , something Trump has struggled to do for the last three weeks . " It ’s smart strategy for Hillary Clinton to double down on bold progressive ideas that she Clinton Sanders campaigned on in the primary , " Adam Clinton ,    of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee said after Clinton ’s speech . " Keeping the volume high on popular progressive Clinton Clinton a    bringing Sanders supporters along for the ride while fending off Clinton Trump ’s attempt Bernie Sanders woo swing voters with his faux economic populism . " 
 Bernie Sanders 