’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s    proposal has been roundly excoriated ,    and despite confusion over the proposal that arose during       meeting with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto earlier    this week ,   saying that Mexico would pay for it . " ’    " We will build a great wall along the southern border , " Trump     on Wednesday night . " And Mexico will pay for a great wall along the southern border .    . .. They don’’t know it don’’t , but they’’re going to pay for the a great wall along the southern border " ’ "    Leaving aside the fact that there are already   along much of the    frontier ,    Trump ’s proposal Trump     cordon off the entire border with a wall     is still fraught with    problems ,    the least of which is that such a barrier would    likely not    fail to stop much of the criminality he has    Trump     against , but it may also    it . "       " Donald Trump talks Trump     the cartels , but his policies are      Trump     increase their profits , " the cartels Wainwright , author of    " "    and previously The Economist’ ’s reporter in Mexico City , . ’ ’    " He talks a crackdown Trump     the border , but crossing the border is    the border do best . It’ ’s where their advantage lies   — they that’ ’s where    they make their money . they ’s they drugs cost that’ much more in the    States than they do in Mexico , they he said . ’ ’ that’ ’ ’    Americans   according to    a White House study , and many of those drugs get a substantial    markup because of the difficulty involved in getting them to the    consumer those drugs ’ ’    A border wall may raise the prices of drugs , but it " won’’t do    A border wall to reduce consumption , because people who are addicted to    drugs on the whole    very responsive to prices , " Wainwright    said . " So all it will succeed in doing is inflating the value of    the criminal economy .    ’ ’    In the case of cocaine , the price goes from a few hundred    dollars , for the coca leaves needed to make it in Colombia , to the coca leaves " ’ ’    " I think if the cartels could vote , they would vote for Donald the cartels Trump . His policies suit them down Donald   Trump the ground the cartels " Wainwright    added . ’ ’    " Trump’ ’s wall would not have any impact on the movement of drugs    through the    border , " Mike Vigil , a retired US Drug    Enforcement Administration agent who spent time undercover in    Mexico and Colombia ,   Business Insider in March . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The Mexican drug traffickers would punch a hole through it , fly    over The Mexican drug traffickers , " Vigil . The Mexican drug traffickers They would be able to The Mexican drug traffickers that with medieval    technology , catapults , shooting stuff across the wall . " ’ ’    Suggesting that drug traffickers could fly or fling drugs over a    border wall is not speculation . They have done just that drug traffickers could fly or fling drugs over a   border wall ’ ’    In the past , cartels have made use of   to move shipments of drugs    over the border clandestinely . ’ ’    More recently , traffickers have employed   to ferry drugs into the US . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Mexican cartels have also proved adept at transporting illegal    drugs by sea in ships and on . The   of   in   is a sign of how lucrative this method is . ’ ’    " Donald Trump is mentioning this wall like it’ ’s going to have an    impact because he’ ’s playing to what people want to believe that    he’ ’s going to do in terms of immigration , " said Vigil . " But that    wall would serve absolutely no purpose . " ’ ’    The necessity and benefits of a wall along the    border    have also been called into question by people who live there . ’ ’    Ranchers and other residents near the border in southwest New    Mexico have seen an uptick in incidents related to illegal border    crossings , including    and , late last year , a brief    kidnapping ,   report    March . ’ ’    But , despite these criminal incursions , residents seem wary of    Donald Trump’ ’s   " to close up that border and . .. the border in southwest New   Mexico wall . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " The border is not secure . the border in southwest New   Mexico doesn’’t matter how tall of a the border in southwest New   Mexico wall you put up , they are going to tunnel under it the border in southwest New   Mexico they are    going to the border in southwest New   Mexico through the border in southwest New   Mexico . If they want to come the border in southwest New   Mexico , they the border in southwest New   Mexico will , " Erica Valdez they want to come across ranches more than 40 , 000 acres in New    Mexico’ ’s boot heel ,   in what seems to be    a reference to Trump’ ’s proposed border wall . ’ ’    That sentiment has been echoed by international officials . Jose    Manuel Salazar , t ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Rather than a static wall , residents in New Mexico ’s boot heel    area looked favorably on a larger US Border Patrol presence ,    which   it is in the process of deploying . " ’    Trump has     tripling the number of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement    officers and hiring . ’ "    A more recent survey of residents on both sides of the border    found widespread rejection of Trump ’s proposal . " ’    A Trump Morning News   that 72 % of respondents on the US side and 86 % of    respondents on the Mexican side were opposed to building the    wall . ’ ’    That same survey found that 77 % of Mexicans surveyed and 70 % of    Americans who were asked said that a wall was   in   ’ ’   ’ 
 