President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday that calls on Scott Pruitt , the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , to take steps to dismantle the Clean Power Plan , a set of rules regulating energy plants powered by fossil fuels . The plan , which would have regulated carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil    electricity plants , has been tied up in courts for more than a year , after more two dozen states , industry representatives and others sued the E. P. A. industry representatives and others claimed that the Clean Power Plan was unconstitutional , and it the Clean Power Plan n’t yet taken effect because the Supreme Court had said the the Clean Power Plan not be carried out while it was the Clean Power Plan argued before a lower federal court . Mr. Trump criticized the Clean Power Plan during the campaign and promised to bring back coal mining jobs and create new jobs in the fossil fuel industry the rules would have made that more difficult . Mr. Pruitt , as Oklahoma ’s attorney general , sued the E. P. A. 14 times over environmental regulations , including the Clean the Clean Power Plan problem for Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt is that , Mr. Pruitt get rid of this plan Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt they are the Clean Power Plan to come up Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt another one . Plus , in order to repeal regulations , federal agencies have to follow the same    system ( requiring periods of public notice and comment ) used to create regulations , which can take about a year . Keep in mind that 18 state attorneys general and several environmental advocacy groups had previously moved to defend the rule , and they may challenge whatever alternative Mr. Pruitt 18 state attorneys general and several environmental advocacy groups devise . Some of the arguments against the Clean Power Plan have come from the fossil fuel industries   —    specifically the coal industry , since    power plants are the main target of the rules . They have argued that the plan is power plants punitive toward them the Clean Power Plan , the proliferation of cheap power plants gas and a rise in renewable energy sources have made coal less financially sustainable . Removing regulations on    power plants would n’t necessarily bring back a lot of coal jobs . Most coal mining , especially mountaintop removal mining , is done by machines , so it would be hard to bring back the thousands of jobs that have been lost as coal becomes less and less profitable . And opening up more federal lands and waters to fossil fuel extraction might lead to a glut of coal in the market , which could make it even less financially viable than it is now . The Obama administration used it creation of the Clean Power Plan to show other countries that the United States was serious about taking meaningful action on climate change during the Paris climate talks in late 2015 . The plan is the most significant part of the Clean Power Plan to cut emissions by the amount specified in the Paris agreement . Even with the Clean Power Plan Paris effect , it would the Clean Power Plan the United States to meet its the Clean Power Plan agreement targets . Without the the United States one at the Clean Power Plan as stringent Paris greenhouse gases , it will be nearly impossible , experts say . If the rule is completely abandoned and no comparable alternative is offered , it might signal to the rest of the world that the United States is the rule serious about its obligations under the Paris agreement ( the United States has also said he would " the United States , " though Paris is disagreement about that in his cabinet ) Mr. Trump That might make other countries feel less bound by the terms of Mr. Trump agreement , too . 
 