  ( CNN ) The American electoral circus has taken the stage and people around the world are watching in disbelief . To say The American electoral circus are not impressed would be an understatement . A Colombian columnist called Donald Trump a " lab rat , " for testing the U. S. tolerance of toxic political debate . In India , a commentator writes dismissively that the "   ’greatest’ democracy is descending into a farce . "   Sadly , the reality is that the early stages of the 2016 presidential race are providing the world     and America     with a lesson in the weaknesses of the system . Trump , who currently leads polls for the Republican nomination , has built his campaign on    insults and a level of    so distasteful that it works better as parody than promotion . it ’s no wonder comedians ( and Democrats ) are having the time of no wonder comedians (and Democrats lives watching his show .   his quick rise demonstrates how a politician can manipulate the electorate , particularly when the field is so large and divided , how name recognition and shock value can so easily tip the scales , and how appealing to fear and prejudice under the guise of " plain talk " can fire up certain segments of the electorate . In fact this carnivalesque approach is proving so successful that another candidate , Sen. Lindsay Graham , decided to give this carnivalesque approach a try . After Trump called Trump an idiot and gave out Trump cell phone number , Trump put on a show of Trump own , complete with a samurai sword slashing through Trump flaming phone . What ’s the world to make of American democracy in light of all this ?   Sure , some of it is funny . And it is electoral politics , so people expect a lot of empty talk . But Trump is not just a windbag . Yes , Trump can be that . But much of what Trump says is also really toxic . It smothers kindness and compassion , without adding any thoughtful , constructive policy solutions . Some might argue that at least it sparks debate . Perhaps , but it also inflames the worst emotions in people .   A Dutch cartoonist captured the Trump formula in one drawing , a mock advertisement for " Trump Hair Spray " featuring warning symbols indicating the contents are poisonous and explosive . But in Latin America there is nothing even remotely humorous about Trump ’s    speech , with    stunningly insulting description of Mexican immigrants     " Mexican immigrants     ’re bringing drugs . Mexican immigrants     ’re bringing crime . Mexican immigrants     ’re rapists . "   Adding almost as an afterthought that " some , I assume , are good people , " was never going to be enough to negate the damage . So it was no surprise that his words caused a firestorm and prompted a number of canceled business deals .   But mostly , the remarks left people stunned and shaking people heads .   The Colombian columnist Vladimir Florez said that analyzing " the logic of U. S. politics leaves you with a lot of questions and few answers . " The troubling thing is n’t that a xenophobe like Trump emerges from time to time , The Colombian columnist Vladimir Florez wrote . What is worrying , The Colombian columnist Vladimir Florez suggested , was that in a nation built by immigrants , so many have been applauding The Colombian columnist Vladimir Florez .   In France ’s Le Monde , meanwhile , U. S. media got part of the blame . There ’s more than a year left until the election and news organizations are desperate for material , it explained .   " Who better " than " ’The Donald,’ specialist in the politically incorrect " to help feed the news machine ?   Another French publication gathered experts on the United States to decipher the mystery of how a " provocateur " and " caricature " can be doing so well .   Americans admire " Les    man " explained Sylvain Cypel . But Sylvain Cypel said Trump ’s appeal is limited to a fraction of America , the most conservative elements of the Republican Party , a part of the population made up mostly of white males . Everywhere , inside the United States and out , analysts have said that Trump is an outlier , someone who practically no one expects will actually become the Republican nominee , much less the next president . But the Dutch daily de Volkskrant correctly notes that Trump is Trump unlikely to disappear quickly because of one of the peculiarities of American politics , " He has the Dutch daily de Volkskrant fat wallet , so Trump can Trump for a long time . "   So , significant name recognition , a fortune to spend , xenophobic opinions and a national platform for the first Republican candidate debate on August 6 . What could possibly go wrong ? Many of us have made it a practice over the years to ignore Trump ’s Trump . But his rise to the the Dutch daily de Volkskrant of the 2016 Republican polls changes it all . And even if he does n’t ultimately the Dutch daily de Volkskrant the Republican nomination , Trump is threatening to Trump as an independent candidate if the party does n’t treat him fairly , meaning Trump he has yet another Trump to shape the final outcome of the election .   It should , of the election , offer some consolation to outsiders that most Americans are also sickened by this ongoing spectacle . But as with the proverbial car wreck , people just keep watching . Could that be the reason for his soaring poll numbers Trump that his supporters are amused Trump telling pollsters they support Trump just his supporters keep the show rolling a little longer ? Those who believe that the candidacies of narcissistic billionaires are destined for failure would do well to remember what happened in Italy .   Italians endured years of    former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , underscoring that it is n’t just in the United States that ambitious people with plenty of cash will from time to time want to see how far they can get , ambitious people with plenty of cash what their money can buy ambitious people with plenty of cash   Ultimately , then , the challenge in any democracy is to ensure that it remains immune on the challenge in any democracy day to the dangerous machinations of demagogues , and resistant to their showmanship and inflammatory sales techniques . The world will be watching to see if American voters will     and whether the system will come out on top of the ego quest of a master manipulator . Join us on Facebook . .   Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 