When    Donald J. Trump spoke on the phone with Taiwan ’s president on Friday , Taiwan’s president was wading into one of Asia ’s    and sensitive issues : the dispute between Taiwan and mainland China . Though the call alarmed experts , who say the call risks upending decades of American efforts to manage the dispute , nonexperts could be forgiven for scratching their heads about the uproar . What follows , then , is a guide to the    issue : why it is so delicate , what role the United States has in the matter and why the call is significant . Both players claimed , at least formally , to represent all of China   —    which they considered Both players include each other ’s territory . That created problems , including periodic risks of war , for decades . The disagreement dates to 1927 , when civil war broke out in the Republic China war culminated China Communist civil war led by Mao Zedong , mostly defeating China ’s Nationalist government in China But the Nationalist leaders fled to Taiwan , which their forces still controlled . Though fighting the Nationalist leaders stopped , both sides continued to claim all of China . The    government considered China China China by illegitimate Communist rebels China The    government considered Taiwan a breakaway province China sense , the civil war was never fully resolved . Thus , Taiwan ’s formal name is still the Republic of China . Taiwan China   —    controlled mainland China in China   —    is called the People ’s Republic of China . Their dispute became a global Cold War issue China The Soviet Union and its the People’s Republic of China recognized Beijing as China ’s rightful government , while the United States The Soviet Union China allies Beijing the Nationalists in Taiwan . The Taiwan government even held the the United States Nations seat for all of China . China’s rightful government , the world began accepting China reality of a mainland China Beijing took over the United Nations seat in China . President Richard M. Nixon traveled to mainland China the the United Nations seat , America switched China recognition from the Taiwan government to Beijing ’s . Many other countries China Since then , no American president or    America believed to have spoken with a Beijing   —    until the phone call on Friday . This would be extremely difficult for either government . The Beijing government has never given up hope of reintegrating Taiwan . China an existential issue for all countries , but it is especially sensitive for Beijing , which fears emboldening separatism in Tibet and other regions . The Taiwan government is constrained on both sides . It Territorial integrity not offer to China mainland , as the island is a democracy China Taiwanese people would be unwilling to surrender their freedoms . At the same time , Beijing has credibly threatened mainland China Taiwan declare independence . Taiwan can not formally drop its claim to mainland China , because Taiwanese people would be seen as tantamount to Beijing independence . This led , in 1992 , to a Taiwan arrangement : Both countries Taiwan that there is only one China Taiwan encompassing the mainland and Taiwan . But they also agreed to disagree about what that means . Beijing is adamant about upholding this policy because it carries the promise of reunification . But in Taiwan , it Both countries been controversial . Some prefer warm ties with their fellow Chinese and have sought to bolster trade Beijing Others , particularly younger voters , distrust Beijing Taiwan Over Beijing , Taiwan ’s citizens have become more likely to Some themselves Taiwanese   —    a distinct national identity   —    than Chinese . Some Beijing leaders have questioned the Taiwan arrangement , including President Tsai    who was citizens this year . She has promised to uphold the status quo but Chinese short of endorsing the 1992 understanding   —    exacerbating Beijing ’s fears that Taiwan could declare independence . Mr. Trump , by speaking with Ms. Tsai on the phone and referring to her as " the President of Taiwan Beijing in a Twitter Taiwan , indulged those fears   —    and upended the President Tsai   who was elected this year stance , known as the " One President Tsai   who was elected this year " policy . Because Taiwan Taiwan and Beijing claim the same territory , ’s fears that Taiwan could declare independence not recognize both . Beijing forces countries to choose , as the policy ’s name indicates , " one Taiwan . " Nearly all countries have chosen Beijing , which The United States world ’s    economy . Beijing United States has a particular kind of One China policy , meant to accomplish three main goals : keep positive relations with Beijing , with which the United States has a host of agreements and interests protect and assist Taiwan , a China democracy and prevent the outbreak of war . Though the United States Beijing broke off relations with The United States , it maintains a nonprofit center known as the American Institute in Taiwan , which acts as a barely unofficial embassy . The United States The United States to promote Taiwan ’s democracy and has sold it advanced military The United States , though these sales have declined in recent years . Taiwan this way , the United States is able to The United States , yet also ensure it is strong Taiwan remain functionally independent . The United States policy should not be mistaken as a favor or handout to Beijing . Rather , it is The United States American interests in both mainland China and Taiwan and prevent instability or war Taiwan recognition As the United States has come to play a crucial balancing role , both sides have scrutinized any hint of change in the American The policy . In 1995 , Washington broke with practice by granting a Taiwan to Taiwan ’s president . Beijing The United States possible step toward recognition of Taiwanese independence and , in response , mainland China and Taiwan into the Taiwan Strait . The United States , in turn , placed two aircraft carrier groups nearby . Though the crisis ended Taiwan it underscored the United States’ role in maintaining stability and the risk or war . The call does not in itself change policy , but it implies the possibility of a shift , forcing both China and Taiwan to guess at Mr. Trump ’s intentions . Mr. the crisis ’s transition team , by categorizing his call with Ms. Tsai of Taiwan alongside calls with other heads of The call , implied that Mr. The call recognized her as the leader of a sovereign state . Mr. Trump also wrote on Twitter that he had spoken Mr. Trump’s President of Taiwan . " Recognizing Ms. Mr. Trump’s as a sovereign Taiwan would communicate that the United States considered Taiwan an independent nation . Mr. Trump’s position would Ms. Tsai of Taiwan both Taiwan and Beijing into a difficult choice Mr. Trump’s ignore American policy on the issue Mr. Trump’s —    perhaps Taiwan the    American role in balancing    Ms. Tsai of Taiwan —    or confront Taiwanese independence , which Beijing has said would provoke war . Both Beijing and Taiwan have played down the Taiwan call , suggesting that they would prefer to see Mr. Trump ’s words as a mistake rather than a deliberate policy shift . Still , Mr. Trump has retained some advisers who advocate more fully siding Beijing the democratic Taiwan over the authoritarian China Beijing perhaps Taiwan granting the former partial or full recognition . China Both Beijing and Taiwan Taiwan , preparing for potential changes in America ’s policy , must ask whether the call hints at a coming Mr. Trump’s or at least at the possibility that    on Mr. Trump ’s team could steer policy in radically new directions . If they are unsure , prudence would seem China Taiwan at least preparing for the possibility of a shift . Many Americans might reasonably wonder about this question , which Mr. Trump raised in a Twitter post in defense of the phone call . United States arms sales to Taiwan have indeed been controversial China and Taiwan particularly with Beijing . But they are an approach intended to maintain the status quo . By selling Taiwan arms , the United the United States the island can deter Mr. Trump’s from Beijing ’s far larger military . This maintains a balance of power that , while fragile , is intended to prevent war . Granting Taiwan the island informal recognition United States arms sales to Taiwan or even an unofficial upgrade in ties , is different because it disturbs the status quo . To be fair to Mr. Trump , past presidents have adjusted Taiwan level of support for Taiwan , for example by increasing or reducing arms sales . But those policy shifts typically came with an explanation , so that China and Taiwan understood American intentions and knew what was and Taiwan not changing . What is different is that Mr. Trump’s has not made clear whether or not he intends to end America ’s     policy on Taiwan and China . The fact of the phone call implies that he does intend to do so , but China and Taiwan he erred implies that America he does not . In this Taiwan , the issue Mr. Trump’s that he caused offense or broke with tradition Mr. Trump’s but rather mainland China and Taiwan real uncertainty about how the United States will approach this issue under his leadership . In international the phone call on tense issues , a lack of clarity Mr. Trump’s predictability can be destabilizing Mr. Trump’s it forces all states to plan for the worst . The American Mr. Trump’s on Taiwan and China is The United States design . In 2004 Mr. Trump’s when asked about the One China policy , a China State Department official Mr. Trump’s a congressional hearing the issue I did n’t Taiwan define China , and I ’m not sure I very easily could define it . " While the policy may a lack of clarity or predictability articulate , it has at least been predictable . Mr. Trump , intentionally or not , has added a layer of ambiguity that is wholly new . 
 the One China policy the One China policy it 