LIMA , Peru ( CNN ) President Barack Obama in his final press conference abroad advised the world to " take a wait and see approach " for what a Donald Trump presidency may mean in terms of policy , but added that Donald Trump would weigh in if the " ideals " of the country are called into question .   President Barack Obama in his final press conference abroad , while speaking in Lima , Peru on the final day of Donald Trump last trip abroad , spent the majority of his last trip abroad answering questions on what a Trump presidency will mean for international allies     including America ’s influence globally .   President Barack Obama in his final press conference abroad concluding the    Economic Cooperation summit in Lima Lima acknowledged that he would Obama    concluding the   Economic Cooperation summit in Lima     hesitate to play critic in a Trump presidency Trump " necessary . " " I want to be respectful of the office and give the    an opportunity to put forward his platform Obama    concluding the   Economic Cooperation summit in Lima     his arguments Obama    concluding the   Economic Cooperation summit in Lima     somebody popping off in every instance , " Obama said .   " If there ’s specifics that have less to do with some proposal or battle but goes to the core questions about our values and our ideals , and if I think that it ’s necessary or helpful for me to defend those ideal then I ’ll examine it when it comes it "   The President Obama that while he " ca Obama guarantee " that Trump wo n’t pursue some of the positions he ’s taken Obama the campaign trail , the President said Obama " force " Trump to " adjust " how he approaches those issues Obama office .   Obama also stressed the importance of the US influence in the world , saying that no other country is able to " fill the void . "   " We ’re not going no other country be able to solve every problem . .. but if we ’re not on the side of what ’s right , if we ’re not making we argument and fighting for it even if sometimes the argument ’re not able to deliver it 100 % everywhere the argument then it collapses , " the argument Obama told reporters . " There ’s nobody to fill the void . There really is n’t , " he said . Obama President Obama acknowledge that President Obama countries such as China are " very important , " but said they do not contribute other countries such as China the same scale . Pointing to the example of the Paris Climate Agreement saying , " China ’s not the China who was going around organizing 200 nations to sign on . "   Obama ’s advice to President Obama , While declining to directly respond to a question about how Trump should handle potential Trump of interest in the White House due to his business dealings , President Obama talked about what President Obama did upon being President Obama in 2008 . That included liquidating assets that might have raised questions about possibly influencing policy .   Obama also stressed following President Obama the letter and spirit of the law and repeated that he is " extremely President Obama " that his administration has n’t President Obama the kinds of scandals that have plagued other administrations .   Pull aside with Putin , President Obama said Sunday President Obama his brief chat with Russian President Obama Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru , that Russian influence on the election Russian not discussed because the campaign was over . " That ’s behind us , " Obama said .   Obama President Obama answering a question President Obama whether cyber influences on elections are the " new norms " said as long as there was a responsible press and an " engaged citizenry then various attempts to meddle in our elections wo n’t mean much . "   " If generally we ’ve got an election that is n’t focused on issues and are full of fake news and false information and distractions then the issue is not going to be what ’s happening from the inside , " he said . " The issue is what are the issue to ourselves from the inside . The we news the inside ’s something we have control over . " Obama we the    conversation with Putin " candid and courteous , " which included discussions on Syria and Ukraine in which the President said he conveyed that he Putin deeply concerned Putin the bloodshed Putin chaos that ’s being sewn by constant bombing attacks by Assad and the Russian military . "   Defense of the Democratic Party , President Obama in Lima took up a strong defense of the Democratic Party , saying that he was the Democratic Party about being the last Democratic President Obama in Lima . " Obama added he he was n’t saying that to be President Obama in Lima " President Obama in Lima President Obama in Lima point to the popular vote , which Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton won despite coming up short against Trump in the    Electoral College count .    Obama , however , conceded that following Clinton ’s surprising President Obama in Lima , Democrats " have to do Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton " about their message . But the President said he did n’t believe Democrats there has to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton complete overhaul Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton " Obama also defended the political skill of House Minority Leader President Obama in Lima , but did not weigh in on the challenge to her leadership position in Congress . The longtime California Democrat President Obama in Lima facing a leadership fight from Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio . Obama said that the current minority leader " combines strong President Obama in Lima values with just extraordinary political skill and she does stuff that ’s tough . Not just stuff President Obama in Lima ’s easy . " 
 