PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) told supporters at the Democratic National Convention on Monday night that supporters at the Democratic National Convention " political revolution " had succeeded in forcing the party to reject the    Partnership ( TPP ) a free trade deal that is opposed by organized labor ( and has also been criticized by Republican Donald Trump as unfair ) . [ The problem : Sanders    the Democratic Party ’s platform , which does not specifically oppose the TPP .   In Sanders address to the convention , and to the nation , Sanders claimed : " Among many other strong provisions , the Democratic Party now    …      calls for strong opposition to    free trade agreements like the    Partnership . " The crowd cheered . But here is what the 2016 Democratic Party platform actually says about the TPP . Note that it lays the 2016 Democratic Party platform a series of guidelines that it says the 2016 Democratic Party platform TPP the TPP , but does not conclude that the TPP actually the TPP , or that it must be opposed : While we believe that openness to the world economy is an important source of American leadership and dynamism , we will oppose trade agreements that do not support good American jobs , raise American , and improve our national security . We believe any new trade agreements must include strong and enforceable labor and environmental standards in their core text with labor and environmental and effective enforcement mechanisms . Trade agreements should crack down on the unfair and illegal subsidies other countries grant their businesses at the other countries of ours . It should promote innovation of and access to lifesaving medicines . And it should protect a It and open internet . We should never enter into a trade agreement that prevents our government , or other governments , from putting in place rules that protect the environment , food safety , or the health of American citizens or others around the world . These are the standards Democrats believe must be applied to all trade agreements , including the    Partnership ( TPP ) . Throughout the day on Monday , Sanders delegates protested against the TPP from the convention floor . They interrupted Rep. Elijah Sanders delegates ( ) for example , because he chaired the platform Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) committee and excluded opposition to TPP .   On the TPP evening , on the convention floor , the convention floor from the Illinois delegation complained that union leaders had sold out the    cause in the platform drafting process : " The people up there ? I know a few of them . And they voted ‘ The people up there [ on The people up there the The people up there ] . the TPP people , the leaders , the international presidents . And that ’s wrong . You know , they tell them : ‘ We ’re The union people, the leaders, the international presidents the The union people, the leaders, the international presidents But then The union people, the leaders, the international presidents —    but why   —    you ’re afraid to put it in the platform ? Why ? the TPP!’ ‘s wrong with them ? " " If they had The union people, the leaders, the international presidents balls at all , The union people, the leaders, the international presidents backbone , anything    …      but to say it , to protect your ass , they make it look like there ’s The union people, the leaders, the international presidents . it Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 