WASHINGTON   —    His unrelenting stream of incendiary remarks have left horrified congressional Republicans divided into five loose categories about the problem that is Donald J. Trump . There are the fast walkers   —    like Senator Patrick J. Toomey , the endangered Republican from Pennsylvania   —    who try to run briskly away from questions about the party ’s presumed nominee for president . Mr. Toomey   —    never the most loquacious lawmaker   —    has mastered the art of twisting Mr. Toomey  —   never the most loquacious lawmaker  —    face into a grimace and racing away from reporters before they can ask Mr. Toomey  —   never the most loquacious lawmaker  —    about Mr. Trump ’s latest statements about instituting a ban on Muslim immigration . Another senator in a tight    bid , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , also tries to avoid talking about Mr. Trump , whom Kelly Ayotte supports , as Kelly Ayotte makes Kelly Ayotte way through the halls of Congress . ( To be in this category , it is very useful to have Ms. Ayotte ’s long legs . ) Then there are lawmakers best described as grumps , like Senator John McCain of Arizona , who appears decidedly downbeat about his party , and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , who offered early support to Mr. Trump ’s campaign but said this week , " I do n’t know that I really have a lot to say , " adding that his had tried to advise Mr. Trump’s and was " discouraged by the results . " Add to that list Senator Dan Coats , Republican of Indiana , who has struggled to find a single policy position his shares with Mr. Mr. Trump’s Another group are doing " the McConnell , " taking a cue from their majority Mr. McConnell Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz   —    as well a number of House members   —    rotely repeat that they are supporting Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s refuse to engage on Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz  —   as well a number of House members  —    specific statements Mr. Trump’s days . Mr. McConnell preemptively cuts off discussion by saying things like , " I ’m not going to be commenting on the presidential candidates today . " A smaller group are the free speakers , including Senators Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona , who openly heap scorn on Mr. Trump . Mr. Flake called Mr. Trump ’s remarks suggesting that President Obama Jeff Flake inside information Mr. Trump Orlando massacre " particularly disgusting , " and , like Mr. Graham , said he would not be voting for him . The final category is the President Obama . " Am I offended President Obama at the comments ? Yes I am , " said Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina . " However , what offends me more are Hillary Clinton ’s actions . " Then there is Speaker Paul D. Ryan . He is perhaps the most prominent critic of Mr. Trump on his proposed Speaker Paul D. Ryan ban , but has nonetheless fully endorsed him . That Speaker Paul D. Ryan a category of one . Mr. Trump has created Speaker Paul D. Ryan feedback loop in which he says increasingly outrageous Mr. Trump times incoherent things about national security , immigration Mr. Trump other issues and Republicans are forced to answer for it . On Wednesday during a rally in Atlanta , Mr. Trump addressed Republican criticism by basically telling lawmakers to shut up . " Mr. Trump talk . Please , be quiet , " he said . " Just be quiet , to the leaders , because they have Mr. Trump get tougher , they have to get sharper , they have to the leaders smarter , and we have the leaders have our Republicans either stick the leaders or let me just do it the leaders myself . " the leaders it is not clear how much support Mr. Trump is actually Mr. Trump   —    House Republicans continue to hide behind Mr. Ryan ’s embrace of the live wire as proof of their party unity   —    it is clear that he is not gaining support either . His top surrogates remain Senator Jeff Sessions of Mr. Trump and Representative Lee Zeldin of New Mr. Trump , with no sign of newcomers to the list . The toxic combination of Mr. Trump ’s statements and his falling poll numbers has given signs of life to the Never Trump movement , Mr. Trump’s members cling to the hope that they can prevent Mr. Trump from becoming the nominee next month . " If Donald whose members continues to Mr. Trump’s in a way that ’s unbecoming of a nominee , Mr. Trump’s a president , " Mr. Trump’s Rory Cooper , a senior adviser to the # NeverTrump PAC , " then delegates and party leaders in Cleveland should be empowered to open the convention , just as Democrats are able to do . If there is no such mechanism , then you are essentially saying there is no unacceptable line Trump can cross . " However , there is a big division among    Republicans over whether Mr. Trump’s change in convention rules , which would essentially unbind delegates from the candidate , or a    option is the best way to go . Many Republicans , even those who appear in need of a box of chocolates or a bourbon to get through each day of Mr. Trump ’s remarks , oppose a rules changes . " That ’s like saying in baseball Mr. Trump’s a run behind and now you want to add three innings , " said Mr. Coats , after conceding that the process has been a slog . Representative Robert Dold , an Illinois Republican who has long been outspoken against Mr. Trump , said the will Mr. Dold " We ’ve been explicit , " he said . " We are not Mr. Trump’s Donald Trump Mr. Trump’s Mr. Dold , like some other Republicans , said Mr. Trump’s would likely write in a candidate ’s Mr. Trump’s Representative Don Young , Republican of Alaska , who We the line of the free speaker and     camps , has a more novel strategy . Mr. Dold I do n’t listen to him and never have Mr. Young Mr. Young 