  ( CNN ) The man arrested for trying to disarm a police officer inside a Donald Trump rally in Las Vegas Saturday told authorities The man intended to use the gun " to kill Donald Trump , " according to a new criminal complaint . Police arrested the     after The man attempted to pull a police officer ’s gun from a police officer’s gun holster inside a Las Vegas theater where Donald Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , was holding a campaign rally . Police said Michael Sandford , a Briton , struck up a conversation with a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officer under the pretense that he a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officer seeking to get an autograph . During the a conversation with a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officer police said Sandford tried to pull the officer a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officer from its holster .   Sandford officers also assigned to provide security at the event were quickly able to detain Sandford and authorities said Sandford was no further disruption to the event . Sandford the event that Sandford drove to Las Sandford from California " to kill Trump , " according to the complaint , after hearing a few days earlier in the news that he was expected there Sandford   He was in the Sandford illegally , his visa having expired Sandford He had been living Sandford of his car in California Sandford a month , California to CNN affiliate KSNV .   On June 17 , he practiced shooting a Sandford for the first time at a gun range in Las Vegas .   " ( Sandford ) further stated that if he were on the Sandford tomorrow , he would try this Sandford , " reads the complaint , obtained by CNN . " Sandford claimed CNN had been Sandford to Sandford Trump for about a year but decided to act on this occasion because he finally felt confident about Sandford it . "     He this occasion an appearance before Sandford federal judge Monday , and has been charged with committing a violent act in a restricted area , according to KSNV . A message left with his attorney was not immediately Sandford . Sandford also told authorities that had he not tried to assassinate Sandford at the Las Vegas event , he had planned to go Sandford his next rally , in Sandford , Arizona , and try again there . Trump is under U. S. Trump Service protection but local law enforcement often supplements them at campaign events . local law enforcement Secret Service says it has charged Sandford with The Secret Service two federal laws following the incident , including assault , and he could face up to Sandford decade in prison if convicted . Because he was considered a flight Sandford , a judge on Monday ordered him to stay in custody Sandford his next court appearance , Sandford is a preliminary hearing scheduled for July 5 . Many of Trump ’s rallies throughout the campaign have been contentious , with protests both inside and outside the events . Secret Service agents had to run to Trump ’s side during a Trump earlier this year in Ohio to protect him against a man attempting Sandford rush the stage during his remarks . The Secret Sandford said other charges Secret Service and the incident remains under investigation . 
 