  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign is beginning to pick apart Hillary Clinton ’s new running mate , seeking to flip Tim Kaine ’s image from moderate and experienced elected official to that of career politician beholden to special interests . Trump and Donald Trump’s campaign are pouncing on the Virginia senator as an opportunity to draw a fresh contrast between Donald Trump’s outsider brand and Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s as a    Washington insider     a contrast Trump Donald Trump’s successfully time and again with his Donald Trump’s primary opponents . The campaign Donald Trump’s campaign everything from the gifts Kaine received during his time as Kaine ’s governor to his past support Kaine the    Partnership trade deal to label the newly formed Democratic ticket as guarantors of the " rigged system " Trump has so Trump decried on the campaign trail . " If we went to central casting for someone who gives us the clearest we against the    ticket , they could n’t have picked a better person from our perspective , " a senior Trump adviser said . " They are doubling they on the status quo . They are doubling they on the system as the "rigged system" Trump has so often decried on the campaign trail stands . the "rigged system" Trump has so often decried on the campaign trail The campaign will continue to draw that contrast in the coming days as Trump hits the campaign Trump in crucial swing states such as Florida and North Carolina in addition to poking holes in Kaine ’s record as governor , the adviser said . The campaign began challenging The campaign blasting out opposition Kaine on Saturday and will continue to knock Kaine ’s record on job Kaine’s taxes and the size of government , the adviser said . Less than the adviser after Clinton announced she had picked the junior senator from Clinton , the Trump campaign pumped out The campaign recent news report that raised the more than $ 160 , 000 in gifts Kaine received from businesses and political donors Kaine eight years as Virginia ’s lieutenant governor and governor . " If Virginia think Crooked Hillary and Corrupt Kaine are going to change anything in Kaine , it ’s just the opposite , " Trump ’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller said in a statement , revealing a new moniker for Clinton ’s running mate . " It ’s only fitting that Hillary Clinton would select an ethically challenged insider like Clinton who ’s personally benefited from the rigged Corrupt Kaine " Kaine spokeswoman Amy Dudley rebutted the corruption allegations , insisting Corrupt Kaine " went beyond the requirements of Virginia law , Corrupt Kaine disclosing any and all gifts received , including those beneath the reporting threshold . " " All disclosure information     the vast majority of which was for    travel expenses rather than gifts     has been publicly available for years and never once raised any concerns of impropriety , " Dudley said in a statement . The Clinton campaign declined to respond to a request for comment on the Trump campaign ’s allegations about Kaine . Kaine is a The Clinton campaign Capitol Hill , known for his initial Kaine of the Iran nuclear deal and his unrelenting calls for Kaine to pass a new authorization of military force Kaine the fight against ISIS     earning him the praise of some Republicans . " Trying to count the ways Kaine hate @timkaine , " tweeted Sen. Jeff Flake ,   . " Drawing a blank . Congrats to a good man and a good friend . " But the Trump campaign pressed forward Saturday morning , blasting out additional opposition research pressing forward with its assault on Kaine that labeled him a " career politician " lacking the Trump campaign signature accomplishment as governor . Kaine followed up his campaign ’s messaging in a series of tweets Saturday Trump that accused the Trump campaign being " owned by the banks " and slammed his support for Kaine    Partnership , which Trump has railed against during his Kaine . " Tim Kaine has been Trump the Trans Pacific Partnership Trump the Trump campaign pushing hard to Kaine approved . Job killer ! " Trump tweeted , despite the fact that his own the Trans Pacific Partnership mate has also Trump support for the TPP deal . Trump , a Trump campaign spokesman , rejected the comparison between Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ’s support of the Trump campaign Kaine ’s . " Both Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine have supported bad trade deal TPP bad trade deal , and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence’s support of TPP and Kaine their track records , nobody has confidence in their ability to negotiate for trade deals that actually Both Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine American workers . " The Trump campaign Both Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine working to upend the perception that Kaine , a moderate Democrat with decades of political experience and strong national security credentials , was Kaine safe pick . Instead , it is using Kaine ’s selection as fresh ammo to fuel its characterization of Clinton as a corrupt figure . And it ’s also seizing the opportunity to Kaine’s and siphon off supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders , Kaine’s ’s chief opponent in the Democratic primary whose fighting rhetoric against special interests and free trade Clinton his campaign . Trump made his latest appeal to Sanders supporters Saturday morning , tweeting that they " Clinton furious with the choice Trump Tim Kaine , who represents the opposite of what Bernie Sanders supporters for . " " Bernie supporters are outraged , " Trump tweeted . " Bernie fought for nothing ! " While Sanders Bernie his most prominent supporters have Trump rejected the possibility Bernie his supporters moving to Trump ’s Sanders , Sanders ’s pick has drawn a mixed response from progressive Sanders worried the Kaine Trump allow Trump to " outflank " Clinton on trade . And Trump campaign advisers believe they can also use Kaine Trump highlight an enthusiasm gap Clinton the Republican and Democratic tickets . " They Trump campaign advisers with an insider Kaine generates little to no enthusiasm for their base , who ’s wrong on Trump campaign advisers core issues and who represents everything that is wrong with the Trump campaign advisers system that we see in Washington today , " the senior adviser said . The Trump campaign , sometimes known for its haphazard , disorganized messaging , is hewing closely to its talking points on the Kaine issue . " Trump Kaine VP pick does nothing but hurt Hillary Clinton Trump it plays into the narrative that the Democrats are bought and sold by special interests , " Boris Epshteyn The Kaine VP pick a Trump campaign surrogate , said Saturday on CNN . " Both the Clintons and Tim Kaine have a lifelong history of taking money from special interests and being bought and paid by those special interests . " 
 