During a     event in New Hampshire on Thursday night , Donald J. Trump made a passing remark about the first presidential debate last week and about the audio equipment that Donald J. Trump has blamed for Donald J. Trump     performance . " It was n’t that the mike did n’t work , " Donald J. Trump said , during comments about the difficulties he Donald J. Trump faced during the the first presidential debate last week The problem , he Donald J. Trump , was that the people operating the soundboard had been " oscillating " as he Donald J. Trump , changing the levels of his Donald J. Trump . In any other election , this would have been an anodyne comment . But it came after Mr. Donald J. Trump spent days insisting he had Donald J. Trump a " bum mike " and theorizing that there may have been foul play . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump comments may be obscured somewhat by the arrival of Hurricane Matthew . But , ahead of the crucial second debate with Hillary Clinton on Sunday , they represented an adjustment by Mr. Trump of Donald J. Trump been a rallying cry portraying him as a potential Donald J. Trump of sabotage . In an email Thursday evening , a Trump spokeswoman , Hope Ms. Hicks statement by the Commission on Presidential Debates last week saying that an audio issue had affected how Mr. Trump was heard Donald J. Trump hall . " We ’d like to reiterate , as the commission stated independently , that Mr. Trump experienced audio issues the Commission the debate , " Ms. Hicks said . " Regardless of the exact technical cause or effect , it was unfortunate . " The event on Thursday was intended to help Mr. Trump find a comfort zone Donald J. Trump Sunday debate , which shares the     format . But it was moderated by a friendly conservative radio host , questions were screened in The event on Thursday , and Mr. Trump spoke for only about 30 Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump , who faced some criticism for seeming ill prepared for the first debate , will spend time today and over the weekend preparing for the second . But the hurricane   —    potentially the worst to hit the United States in many years   —    threatens to drown out attention on the race , perhaps even on debate day . 
 