’   ’ "    In an essay for   Nobel Prize winning economist   nailed    why the ’Make America Great Again’ slogan resonated with so many    Donald Trump supporters . " ’    From   Donald Trump essay : ’ ’     ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    This is the part where it ’s really worth pointing out that not    so many   Donald Trump supporters are struggling economically . In fact , the    average income of a Trump supporter Trump " ’    But make no mistake , this kind of " no handouts " thinking appeals    to them too so many   Donald Trump supporters It means they don’’t so many   Donald Trump supporters to pay higher taxes to    subsidize    advancement of those left behind by globalization    and technological change . They don’’t have don’’t pay to teach coal    miners to do something else , or send their kids coal   miners community    colleges .   ’ ’    Why , they wonder coal   miners should some wealthier Americans have to care    for others less fortunate ? ’ "    That mindset even extends to the billionaire class   —    people you    would think would n’t even notice a few million sent to the    government in order to pave roads , build schools , and reeducate    workers . " ’    Take , for instance , comments made by billionaire investor Sam    Zell this spring in front of an   He was billionaire investor Sam   Zell with his fellow billionaire investor Sam   Zell billionaire , T. Boone Pickens , at the Skybridge Alternatives    conference in Las Vegas in May.   ’ ’   ’ "    Both Zell and Pickens lamented that there did n’t seem to be    enough opportunities for young people as there were in their day young people    Neither man could quite put their finger young people why . " "    Here ’s Zell [ Zell ours ] : " "    Sure Sam , these kids young people have as much opportunity because you    have to    some extra paperwork to buy another company . Sounds    likely .    ’    Analysts at Morgan Stanley come to another conclusion that sounds    shockingly familiar ( see above ) . In order to give people    opportunity you have to put money to work and invest in them . ’ people       " I think governments will need to improve access to education ,    enhance social mobility and improve financial stability , "    wrote Global    of Economics   in a recent note to clients . ’ "    What ’s more , Bartsch then went on to say the lack of this kind of    investment helped lead us to the financial crisis and then made    the aftermath    . " ’    " An    conclusion emerges from recent academic studies :    higher income    seems to have been conducive to    unsustainable consumer    in the    to the Global    Financial Crisis , " she wrote . ’ ’    " After disadvantaged households bumped up their consumption    disadvantaged households through borrowing , they found themselves disadvantaged households    disadvantaged households balance    , limited income prospects and heavy debt    loads in the aftermath of the crisis . Unsurprisingly , they    are disadvantaged households by their dim prospects disadvantaged households " ’ "    In that , the financial crisis the crisis somber reminder of the    danger and tragedy of callously leaving some in society behind   —      of believing we have no responsibility to society as a whole . The      camp may want to keep their money , but    The     camp ’re paying for the The     camp they want with instability and The     camp crisis . " ’    This election serves as a reminder of the same thing . ’ 
 