Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chief John Podesta called today ’s decision by FBI Director James Comey to    the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s private email server " extraordinary , " in an apparent change of heart since the Clinton campaign praised FBI Director James Comey decision to clear her Clinton any wrongdoing back in July . [ " It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election . The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he The Director now examining , " Podesta The Director in a statement .   However Podesta The Director are a far cry from the Clinton campaign ’s previous praise for the FBI and its director FBI Comey , following the agency ’s announcement that it would the agency’s be pursuing the case against Clinton . Clinton Throughout his long career in law enforcement , the independence of FBI chief James Comey has rarely been questioned . Comey is FBI chief James Comey    Republican who served as George W. Bush ’s Deputy Attorney General . And when President Obama tapped him to President Obama as Director of the FBI FBI was confirmed President Obama a    vote , " a statement on Hillary Clinton ’s official website read at the time , in a post rather ironically entitled " GOP Follows      Donald Trump Into Another    Sham Inquiry . " The Clinton Campaign then released another statement a week later , claiming that Comey had " President Obama the door on any remaining conspiracy theories once and for all . " " The Director ’s explanations shut the door on the door conspiracy theories once and for all . While Republicans may try to keep this issue alive , this hearing proved those efforts will only backfire , " the statement claimed another statement National Committee chair Donna Brazile also tweeted her belief that Republicans skeptical Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile the FBI ’s decision were " damaging the rule of law " in America . Wash. Post Editorial Board : Republicans Are Damaging Rule Of Law By Attacking FBI Director Comey https : the FBI .    —    Donna Brazile ( @donnabrazile ) July 7 , 2016 ,   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com Ben Kew 