GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz and talk radio and Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity engaged in a testy exchange over the delegate process on Sean Hannity radio show on Tuesday .   Hannity Sean Hannity the interview by asking , " I think the number one question on the minds of Republicans right now is what is going on with the delegates . For example , if you can explain to people that your campaign , that you have every right , within the rules , to talk to candidates , that are pledged on a first ballot , to candidate A or candidate C , you being candidate B. And that   —    tell us what that process is . " Cruz answered that is n’t what people are concerned about , and are instead concerned about policy issues and beating Democratic candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Cruz Cruz stated that " the media loves to obsess about process . This process , and this whining from the Trump campaign is all silly . It the Trump campaign very , very simple   —   . " Hannity then cut in to say , " I ’m on social media , with millions of people . I have 550 radio stations . And I have the    cable in my hour , all across the board . And I am telling you , that people are telling me , that they people this whole process confusing . " He further stated that this was n’t a " process question . It this an integrity of the election question . And everybody ’s asking me this the election question So , I want   —    I ’m giving you an opportunity to explain it . the election question Cruz responded , " Sean , the only people asking this question the election question the hardcore Donald Trump supporters . " Hannity again cut in to ask , " Senator , why do you this ? Every single time you   …     you ’ve got to stop . Every time I have you on the air , and I ask a legitimate question , you try to throw this in my face . I ’m getting sick of it . I this had you on more than any other candidate , on radio and TV . So , if I ask you , Senator , a legitimate question to explain to the audience , why do n’t you just answer it ? " Cruz then said , " Sean , can I answer your question without being interrupted ? " Cruz then talked Cruz the results in Utah , North Dakota , Wisconsin , Colorado , and Wyoming , all of which Cruz has won Cruz He added , Cruz Over 1 . 3 million people voted in those 5 states . We won all 5 . All of this noise and complaining and whining has come from the Trump campaign , because they do n’t All of this noise and complaining and whining the fact that they ’ve 5 All of this noise and complaining and whining in a row , that Republicans are uniting behind our campaign . the Trump campaign they ’re screaming All of this noise and complaining and whining on Drudge , and it ’s getting echoed Drudge this notion of voterless election . It is nonsense . They are making All of this noise and complaining and whining up . Over Drudge . 3 million people voted . We won landslides We all 5 . " Cruz continued , " Now , there is a second component , beyond the elections , which is the individual delegates are elected by the people . Donald Trump ’s campaign does not know how to organize on the grassroots . And so , when the delegates are elected the individual delegates activists , real conservative activists show up , and they elect delegates , and real conservative activists are winning those elections real conservative activists and over and over again . The Donald Trump campaign does ’s campaign doing . They do n’t show up ’s campaign In Colorado , ’s campaign Donald Trump team was handing out flyers asking ’s campaign for a slate of delegates , they included ’s campaign delegates on their slate . They just   — ’s campaign they did n’t even a slate of delegates type ’s campaign a piece of paper ’s campaign getting it wrong . In Washington state , when Washington state elected their delegates a piece of paper three days before the election , the Washington state campaign , in a panic , realized Washington state was getting ready to elect their delegates . They sent out Washington Washington state to their Washington supporters , but the Donald Trump campaign up , the Donald Trump campaign sent it to their Washington , the Donald Trump campaign supporters , instead of the Donald Trump campaign Washington state supporters . I an emergency email not the Donald Trump campaign that the Donald Trump campaign does not the Donald Trump campaign capable of running a lemonade stand . Elections are won by voters and grassroots activists showing up and voting for the candidate they support . " He further argued that " [ N]obody , as I travel the Elections , nobody is Donald Trump me this , other than the Trumpsters , and people repeating it . " Hannity again asked Cruz to " explain what happens in these moments " with delegates after their states vote . Hannity added to the end of the question , " It ’s Hannity simple question . Hannity ’s not a Trump question . It ’s a question about what ’s going to It . You ’re arguing , Kasich It arguing , that this is going to be settled at the convention . And I think people need to understand it . Because , you know , most people do n’t . " Cruz responded by this is going to be settled at the convention to his recent victories in Utah , North Dakota , Wisconsin , Colorado , and Wyoming . Cruz further stated that the Trump campaign was panicking because they were losing , and " Cruz time the people vote against them , they scream the Trump campaign election ’s been stolen . No , when people vote against the Trump campaign , the Trump campaign means you ’ve lost an election . " He then stated that delegates the Trump campaign elected the election the people , " and if you want Cruz elect delegates , your supporters come and vote . Every other presidential candidate knows that , and figured this out . And by the way , every presidential candidate has known how to figure this out in every prior cycle . " He then declared , " The Donald Trump this does n’t know what they ’re doing Cruz It ’s a Kim Kardashian reality show . And so , in The Donald Trump campaign , they elected The Donald Trump campaign delegates . And conservative grassroots activists showed up , and the conservative grassroots The Donald Trump campaign overwhelmingly The Donald Trump campaign us , so they elected Cruz delegates . That ’s the democratic process . " Hannity then asked , conservative grassroots activists What if the delegate selection does n’t represent the will of the people in that particular district or area ? " Cruz answered , " Sean , that ’s why there ’s an election . " Hannity Cruz cut in to say he was asking about the event of a conflict , Hannity " Senator , I do Hannity know why you ’re mad . There ’s no reason   —    I ’m asking . I ’m just trying to understand it . I ’m really having a hard time understanding why ’m ’re getting angry at this . " ’m said that he was n’t mad at all . He then accused Trump ’s campaign Cruz trying to Cruz from real issues , and told Cruz , " And so , when you ask only about the nonsense , how about we ask   —    you know what people ask me when I travel around ? How do we bring jobs back ? " Hannity cut in to say he ’s asked Cruz those we " more than anybody else Hannity " Cruz countered by Hannity that Trump Cruz refused to debate because he has no concrete proposals Cruz He further stated that Trump’s does n’t care about Trump Trump’s and does n’t want to Trump’s talk about the Trump’s that he wants to Trump’s us from . " Hannity again stated that he had talked more Trump’s substantive issues with Cruz more than anyone Hannity , and that Trump’s ’s merely trying to get Cruz to Cruz how the process him courting delegates in Trump’s that have already voted to Cruz for him on a second Trump’s , something Hannity said was within the rules , works so Trump’s audience can understand it . Cruz Hannity said , " Sean , it ’s not a question of within the rules Cruz not . It ’s winning elections it These delegates are elected by the the rules and when grassroots conservatives it out , we win .    …      And every time there ’s an election that the conservative grassroots grassroots conservatives , we win . " Cruz further predicted that this dynamic would play out in Cleveland , and the conservative grassroots he would Cruz the majority of delegates . Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 Cruz 