Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump outlined some very broad strokes of President Donald Trump budget proposal during remarks in Washington Monday .   Details will come later . But we do know after a quick briefing from Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney that most federal programs would be cut in President Donald Trump vision . Defense and law enforcement spending would rise . He also plans to dramatically increase infrastructure spending , although he He not offer a dollar figure to go along with that idea Monday and he He n’t say exactly how it would be paid for .   It it be noted that Trump President Donald Trump is like an opening bid and will go through a difficult budget process on Capitol Hill . But here ’s what we know so far . Trump ’s Trump’s proposal the money the federal government can decide where to spend , $ 603 billion would go to defense and $ 462 billion would go to    items . That ’s a simple swap     putting $ 54 billion    dollars into the defense pile . Raising defense spending by $ 54 billion is about a 10 % defense spending increase . That ’s a lot of money and it will take     cuts from That rest of the government in order to achieve the federal government of increase since that dollar amount is larger than the complete funding for most other federal agencies . The US is set to spend $ 36 billion total on foreign aid in 2017 . The entire budget requested by the State Department for 2017 was about $ 50 billion . That request will have to come down to meet Trump ’s goal . " The President said we ’re going to spend less money the State Department and spend more of it here . That ’s going to be reflected with the number we send to the State Department , the State Department Mulvaney told the State Department , the federal government spends more than half its discretionary spending on defense . Trump ’s 10 the federal government increase     if Congress agrees Trump it and passes it into law     would add Congress that ratio Congress Here ’s a breakdown using 2015 dollars , compiled by the nonpartisan Peter G. Peterson Foundation . It ’s important to remember that we ’re talking about defense and    discretionary spending . Most government money     69 %     is earmarked not for discretionary programs , but for mandatory spending on things like Social Security , Medicare and other health programs and government salaries . Here ’s what that breakdown looked like in 2017 . 
 