  ( CNN ) There ’s a reason why the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton campaigns are behaving like the election could turn on a single , newly coined noun     " deplorables . " The political firestorm over the Democratic nominee ’s use of the word to demean half of the Democratic nominee rival ’s supporters might seem like another of the bizarre spats that trivialize presidential races . But the controversy has turned into one of those rare campaign moments when strategists for each candidate are happy to trade fire on the same ground . " We have the support of cops and soldiers and carpenters and welders and accountants and lawyers , the young and the old , and millions of working class families all over this nation , " Trump said in Iowa Tuesday . " My opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable . " But the Clinton campaign     struggling to move past damaging video showing the Democratic nominee stumbling and wobbly over the weekend     is hardly in a defensive crouch on the " deplorables " comment . Instead , the plan is to turn the tables on Trump with the implicit accusation that if anyone is deplorable , it is him . A new campaign ad features footage of Trump warning that anyone with a low opinion of Trump citizens is unfit to lead the nation     then uses a torrent of anyone with a low opinion of its citizens is unfit to lead the nation    then inflammatory statements about Mexicans , women ,    the disabled and Muslims , to condemn the GOP nominee out of the GOP nominee own mouth . With Clinton off the trail as Clinton recovers from pneumonia , prolonging the " deplorable " meme also has the virtue of keeping campaign conversation away from controversies that the campaign has more trouble finessing     like Clinton email server or the campaign patchy disclosure about the state of Clinton health . Both sides have solid reasons to want this controversy play out . The " deplorables " saga represents a passport for each campaign to reach the distinct coalition of voters voters need most to win November ’s election . For Trump , Clinton ’s dismissal of many of Clinton supporters as racists , xenophobes , sexists , Islamaphobes and bigots is a gift that allows Clinton to recreate Clinton victorious GOP primary persona of a champion of blue collar Americans demonized by patronizing East coast political elites . It ’s exactly the kind of posture the billionaire New Yorker needs to electrify white , working class voters in the swing states in the industrial Midwest , where the billionaire New Yorker must outperform recent GOP nominees to win an Electoral College majority . The Clinton campaign , meanwhile , knows The Clinton campaign best hope of victory is maximizing the Obama coalition from 2012     especially young people , minorities and single women     exactly the kind of voters likely to be most horrified by such a dire picture of the Trump coalition and the man who leads it . " This is not a mistake on Clinton ’s part . Clinton is looking up at the polls , they are tightening and there is an enthusiasm gap in favor of Trump , " said Ford O’Connell , a GOP strategist who is not affiliated with the Trump campaign . " Clinton is engaging in what some would argue is a    strategy to gin up support among voters who just might not turn out . " O’Connell added : " Turnout is the biggest issue for Clinton . The map is the biggest issue for Trump . " While Trump has enjoyed Trump best few weeks of the Trump campaign , pulling into a margin of error race with Clinton in national polls and trimming her lead in Clinton states , the mathematics of the race are still formidable for Trump . In simple terms , Trump needs to win all of the states Mitt Romney captured in 2012 , then add Florida , Ohio and Iowa . Then Trump needs to peel at least one big Democratic state out of Clinton ’s electoral column . Trump best bets look like rust belt heartlands Michigan and Pennsylvania . Trump ’s rhetoric since Clinton ’s remark Clinton’s strategy of fusing Trump    America First message , attacks on Clinton ’s " Clinton Clinton’s in a bid to win over blue collar and middle class voters in the Midwest . The Trump campaign is blitzing out the message through fundraising solicitations , TV appearances and a new ad slamming Clinton for " Clinton demonizing hard working people like you . " Clinton ’s comments Clinton are Clinton’s of the elite politicians . and if you do n’t agree with them then somehow you ’re a the elite politicians person , " Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson said on CNN ’s " The Lead " with Jake Tapper . But keeping the word " deplorables " in circulation forces senior members of Trump ’s team onto a tough political spot when asked about people with extreme views who have voiced support for his campaign . For example , "deplorables" in circulation forces senior members of Trump vice presidential nominee Mike Pence had to explain at a Capitol Hill news conference Tuesday why he had passed up a chance GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence CNN on Monday to slam former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , as " deplorable . " Pence said he and Trump had GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence disavowed GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence , but added , " former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke ’m also not going to validate the language that Hillary Clinton used to describe the American people . " Clinton ’s vice presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton Kaine , pounced . " If you can not call out bigotry , if you can not call out racism , xenophobia , if you ca n’t call it out and you stand back and you ’re silent around it you ’re enabling it to it , " he it Tuesday . President Barack Hillary Clinton conducted the most artful demonstration of Clinton ’s response to the " Hillary Clinton " saga at a rally in Philadelphia Tuesday , that showed the importance Tuesday campaign attaches to thwarting Trump ’s attempt to position himself as the savior of regular Trump’s . " He ’s not offering any real Trump’s or plans , just offering division and offering fear , " Obama said , slamming Trump ’s " dark , pessimistic Trump’s , " playing into Clinton ’s original argument that her rival is beyond the political Clinton . Then , the President launched into savage mockery Clinton ’s self image as a Trump’s collar billionaire who can put Rustbelt voters in play . " He spent most of his life trying Clinton stay as far Clinton from working people as he could , " Obama said . Clinton He was n’t going to let you Clinton his golf course . He was n’t Clinton to let you Clinton in his condo . And now suddenly this Clinton is going to be your Clinton " 
 