  ( CNN ) The Justice Department on Friday signaled The Justice Department stopped fighting to overturn a national injunction blocking the federal government from giving guidance to schools and transgender students , another sign President Donald Trump ’s administration is taking a different approach than former President Barack Obama ’s .   A hearing was set for next Tuesday in the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in which the Justice Department was fighting Texas and 11 other states , which had filed a lawsuit to prevent the Education Department from being able to give that guidance to transgender students that transgender students are allowed to use restrooms that match transgender students gender identity . But on Friday night the Justice Department and the states filed a joint notice saying both sides moved to cancel the hearing . " The parties are currently considering how to best proceed in this appeal , " the motion said . The Obama The Obama Administration not allowing transgender students to use the bathroom they choose is a transgender students of a law barring sexual discrimination . The states the states a national injunction , which still stands , preventing that guidance from being disseminated . Currently the injunction preventing the guidance from being given is nationwide . The Obama Administration had been asking the court to limit the scope of the injunction to the 12 states which are parties to the lawsuit . Besides the bathroom access issue , the guidance also covered making sure transgender students’ privacy is protected . Activists of the LGBT community said the Justice Department move to cancel the hearing is not a good sign and believes it signals a shift in a good sign . " It is sending a signal a good sign do n’t intend to Activists of the LGBT community the guidance in any state , " Sarah Warbelow , legal director of the Human Rights Campaign , told CNN . " They are fine with their Activists of the LGBT community being tied . Activists of the LGBT community The Justice Department declined comment the Justice Department . The move on this issue came one day after Jeff Sessions was sworn in as attorney general . Warbelow said she was " extraordinarily disappointed . The Warbelow should be a champion for all students’ civil rights and by signaling a willingness to be bound by the injunction nationwide they ae certainly signaling they are n’t all students’ civil rights to pursue civil all students’ civil rights for transgender people . " Warbelow noted transgender students are not prohibited Warbelow filing a lawsuit if they experience discrimination . 
 transgender students 