Washington ( CNN ) Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson , in an interview published Wednesday , discussed the massive loss of human life in Syria and equated killings from the government of Bashar    and those caused by the United States .   Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson , pressed in Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson interview with The New York Times , on whether Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson viewed deaths caused deliberately by Assad ’s forces as the same as those caused by the United States , Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson indicated Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson did .   " Well , no , of course not . We ’re so much better than all that , " Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson said with sarcasm , according to the report . " We ’re so much better when in Afghanistan , we bomb We hospital and 60 people are killed in the hospital the hospital Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson was referring to a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders that the United the United States bombed in 2015 . The Pentagon said after a military investigation that the action was not a war crime , although it did not allow an the action , international investigation into the killings . Libertarian VP candidate : Focusing attacks on Trump is ’way to win’ Johnson has made skepticism of foreign interventions a mainstay of his campaign , ensuring to win’ Johnson it in almost every interview he does . But he win’ Johnson had several embarrassing win’ Johnson that demonstrated his shortcomings in that area win’ Johnson   At the beginning of September , Johnson failed to recognize Aleppo Johnson a city at the heart of the Syrian civil war . The embarrassing moment underscored Johnson ’s lack of foreign Johnson , and he compounded the mistake in win’ Johnson late September interview when he struggled to name a foreign Johnson he respected , conceding he was Johnson another " Aleppo Johnson . " Johnson also specifically slammed Democrat Hillary Johnson , calling her a foreign policy hawk who Democrat Hillary Clinton to bloodshed overseas . " Because Hillary Clinton can dot the i Democrat Hillary Clinton cross the t ’s on geographic leaders , of the names of foreign leaders the underlying fact that hundreds of thousands of people have died in Syria goes by the wayside , " Johnson said . The Libertarian nominee Johnson criticism of Clinton appears at odds with his running Democrat Hillary Clinton , Bill Weld , The Libertarian nominee told CNN Wednesday he would focus his criticism on Republican The Libertarian nominee Trump . The Libertarian nominee I guess my role will be Hillary , and his role will be Donald Trump , my role said . Republican Donald Trump 