Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump Jr. defended Donald Trump Jr. father ’s immigration position Tuesday ahead of the Republican presidential candidate ’s detailed policy speech this week , saying the real estate mogul " was n’t softening on anything . " The younger Trump hit back against accusations that The younger Trump father had    last week on the hardline immigration policy The younger Trump pushed during the primaries when The younger Trump appeared to poll an audience during a town hall with Fox News’ Sean Hannity . " The younger Trump was n’t softening on anything . The younger Trump did n’t change The younger Trump stance on anything , " Trump Jr. told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper . " What The younger Trump did was , and what The younger Trump ’s done all along is , The younger Trump ’s speaking with the people . The younger Trump ’s not lecturing the people like most of the politicians you see today . The younger Trump ’s actually having a conversation . " The younger Trump added : " The younger Trump basically surveyed the room and asked , ’Hey , what are your thoughts on this ? I want to take that because I want to take into account what the people say . ’ " RELATED : What is Donald Trump ’s immigration plan     and when will we see it Donald Trump’s immigration plan     The Republican presidential nominee was asked by Hannity whether there was any part of his The Republican presidential nominee immigration policy that could change to accommodate    undocumented immigrants . " I had a great meeting with great people , great Hispanic leaders , and there could certainly be a softening because we ’re not looking to hurt people , " Trump responded . " We want people     we We some great people in this country . We We some great , great people in this this country we We going to follow the laws of this country this country people do n’t realize     we We very , very strong laws . " Trump Jr. contrasted his father ’s Trump Jr. formulation method to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " Unlike our opponent , who basically will take into account only those who contribute millions and millions of dollars to her campaign , Trump Jr. ’s actually Trump Jr. a conversation with the people of this country , the hardworking men and women who made this country great this country Trump Jr said . " He ’s giving them Trump Jr voice . the hardworking men and women who made this country great asked an opinion Trump Jr he did n’t say Trump Jr , my policy ’s now changed . ’ " Trump Jr. confirmed that Trump Jr would still push Trump Jr deportation of undocumented immigrants if elected in November . " That ’s been the same , " he said . " Correct , Trump Jr again you have to start with baby steps . You have to let ( Immigration and Customs Enforcement ) do their job , you have to (Immigration and Customs Enforcement the sanctuary cities , you have to get rid of the criminals certainly first and foremost , you have to secure the border . These are common sense things , Anderson . " 
 