Irish golfer Rory McIlroy finds it is funny that the PGA removed the    Memorial Tournament from Donald Trump ’s Doral resort near Miami and moved Doral to Mexico City . [ After the PGA PGA that after 53 years it was dumping Trump Donald Trump Mexico City , McIlroy Mexico City the " wall " between Mexico and the U. S. that Trump has made a Donald Trump of his campaign for the Donald Trump nomination for president .   " It ’s quite ironic that we ’re going to Mexico after being at Doral Mexico " McIlroy said according to CBS McIlroy . " We just jump over the CBS Sports . " After the jibe , the golfer with 20 professional wins under his belt proved he had even more to his about how great the move to Mexico was . " We Mexico been going down to Mexico , whether it ’s Mexico a World Cup or a Champions Tour going down there , " McIlroy continued . " We have the PGA Tour We America . So I think it ’s a good move the PGA Tour Latino America I think it really is   — the PGA Tour Latino America to have a World Golf Championship outside of the States . " If the PGA Tour Latino America going to be on the PGA Tour Latino America same date , obviously , it ’s a little more inconvenient the PGA Tour Latino America me being in Palm Beach Gardens and having just to drive an hour down the road to Doral . But it ’s a World Golf Championship the PGA Tour Latino America it a World Golf Championship , the PGA Tour Latino America , a great prize fund . It ’s going to have all the PGA Tour Latino America best players in the world there . I ’m sure it ’s going to be a the PGA Tour Latino America golf course , " he concluded . As to Trump , he criticized that same date PGA ’s move as a matter that same date politics instead of sports and even warned of the violence infesting our southern neighbor . " I just heard that the PGA Tour is taking their tournament out of Miami and moving it to the PGA Tour , " Trump said on Fox the PGA Tour on Tuesday evening . Trump It ’s at Doral    …      they used Fox News of my places . They ’re Fox News their tournament it ’s the Cadillac Fox News Golf Championship Fox News Cadillac Fox News been a great sponsor , but they ’re moving it to Mexico . They ’re moving Fox News to Mexico Fox News , Mexico , Fox News the way Fox News I hope they have kidnapping insurance . " " But they ’re Fox News it to Mexico City . And I Fox News saying , Fox News know Mexico ’s going on here ? It is so sad when you look at what ’s going on with our country , " the real estate mogul said . McIlroy is one of the world ’s standout golfers having won the U. S. Open in 2011 , the Open Championship in 2014 , and the PGA Championship in both 2012 and 2014 . He placed 4th at the Masters in 2015 . In 2012 McIlroy the now     pro became the youngest player in PGA Tour history to reach the $ 10 million mark in earnings . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 