Washington ( CNN ) The political tumult that rocked the world in 2016 might be an appetizer for 2017 . Crucial elections loom this year in France and Germany , where the same    backlash that produced Donald Trump and Brexit could offer an opening to nationalist leaders who oppose Muslim immigration and further erode the European unity that has been a signature of the    War II era .   The Middle East is spiraling deeper into the mire of fraying borders and sectarian disorder while violence in places such Syria is unleashing a tide of desperate refugees that is destabilizing Europe . Meanwhile , rising powers such as China , Russia and Iran are closely watching the developments to determine whether the convulsions in the West give Russia and Iran an opening to advance Russia and Iran own interests . Of course , the 15 years since the September 11 attacks have been dominated by war , strife and economic disruption . But what makes 2017 so unique is that America     long a force for stability     is poised to inaugurate one of the most impulsive presidents ever to walk into the Oval Office .   Far from acting as a brake against turmoil sweeping the globe , America     could exacerbate it . America     Dungan , an Atlantic Council senior fellow , said uncertainty about the    could widen divides in the transatlantic alliance , the bedrock of 70 years of Western stability . " Donald Trump Trump many respects the    Obama , " said Dungan , who teaches at Sciences Po , an international research university in France . " With Obama , there Obama tremendous trust but very little performance . With Trump it looks Trump there will be a deficit of trust and a surfeit of action . "   World on edge , It ’s no wonder that Trump has the Trump on edge , despite arguments among supporters that the unpredictable statesmanship he has previewed in the presidential transition could strengthen the US position around the globe by keeping rivals off balance . He has questioned he alliances that kept the peace for decades in Europe and Asia and suggested he will " he " the US nuclear arsenal . He has spent he transition feuding he spy agencies that concluded Russia interfered in the election . And he signaled to he that the taboo topic of Taiwan is on the table , casting doubt on 40 years of diplomatic protocol . The Trump effect could be all the more pronounced because the political equilibrium of much of the world has been upset , straining institutions and assumptions in international relations that have endured for decades . To judge how much has changed , and why the prospects of 2017 look so uncertain , it ’s worth looking back a year . When 2016 dawned , Obama , fresh from an Iran nuclear deal and seeing Obamacare upheld by the Supreme Court had every reason to expect a Democratic successor would secure his legacy . a Democratic successor were confidently waiting for an establishment champion to emerge from their primary to Republicans Trump back to reality TV . In Britain , David Cameron was basking in a surprising parliamentary majority won in a 2015 election . Most     polls predicted the Remain camp would win a referendum on membership in the European Union . In Germany , Chancellor Angela Merkel , Time Magazine ’s reigning Person of the Year , was lauded for her moral example in embracing desperate refugees from the Middle East and was Europe ’s undisputed leader . And in Italy , Prime Minister Matteo Renzi was readying a trip to the US to receive Obama ’s blessing after harnessing hope and change as a successful political message of his own . Prime Minister Matteo Renzi happened again and again and again , But within months , the unthinkable happened     again , and again , and again . In a blink of an eye , Cameron was gone Prime Minister Matteo Renzi felled by a referendum in which voters who felt economically and culturally dispossessed opted to leave the EU . Trump won the US election after a vitriolic campaign that tore at social , cultural and political divides and left the rest of the world confused about American power and identity . Renzi is history , crushed    by his own referendum Renzi which dealt a second hammer blow to the EU . the EU , rocked by a    terror attack in Berlin , faces a fight for political survival in a fall election hinging on immigration politics and a right wing resurgence spurred by her open door refugee immigration politics . In France , where Islamic terrorism has become more frequent , President Francois Hollande acknowledged his dismal approval rating President Francois Hollande nixed a    bid . The best hedge against an earthquake election win in May by far right national front leader Marine Le Pen is France ’s    election France that could unite opposition against her . A March far right national front leader Marine Le Pen in the Netherlands promises a strong showing by far right leader Geert Wilders built on skepticism towards Brussels that is threatening the existence of the EU . Still if Merkel or an establishment rival prevails in Germany , and the hot favorite in the polls to win the French presidency , Francois Fillon , is also victorious , 2017 could be remembered as the year the populist revolt began to ebb . Adversaries mobilize , As the West reels , its adversaries are mobilizing the West reels Russian President Vladimir Putin defied Obama ’s predictions his venture in Syria Russian President Vladimir Putin end in a quagmire . Now , he seems on the Russian President Vladimir Putin to restoring the lost Russian influence that he Russian ebb in Russian President Vladimir Putin after the fall of the Soviet Union .   In Asia , Chinese President Xi Jinping is accelerating that country ’s accumulation of regional power and challenging US influence and allies in the South China Sea . A volatile President in the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , is trashing a prized US alliance . Trump ’s rejection of a vast    Partnership trade pact has already empowered China and undermined eight years of Obama ’s Asia pivot .   The instability and uncertainty makes the choices Trump makes once he Trump inaugurated in Trump especially crucial . Should the new administration follow through on the   ’s tough rhetoric on China and take protectionist China that could incite a trade war , tensions in Asia could spike considerably Asia If Trump walks out on Trump Iran nuclear deal or infringes the Paris climate pact , he could send transatlantic Trump into a spiral . Aligning the US closer to Moscow could also alarm European allies unless he makes a    Trump of NATO on his first trip to Trump continent . Asian allies Japan and South Korea are nervously trying to work out what Trump ’s campaign trail rhetoric means for crucial national security infrastructure in Asia . North Korea , meanwhile South Korea brewing what could be Trump ’s first big foreign Trump’s with its race for a functioning Trump’s arsenal .   In the Middle East , Trump ’s vow to move Trump’s US embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv could light a match to    antagonism and put US Arab allies in a tough spot . Could Trump ’s strategy work ? Trump’s , there ’s no certainty that Trump will plunge the world into Trump’s new spiral of instability . Major policy shifts can be disorienting , but they are n’t always negative . Major policy shifts President ’s foreign policy is in some ways a correction to that of his predecessor . So Trump ’s spontaneity could perhaps be Trump’s to Obama ’s caution , which some critics said frittered away US power . Questioning trade deals , alliances and conventions could actually end up strengthening the US at home and in the world , Trump supporters argue . And just because Trump’s One China policy has dictated relations between Washington and Beijing for decades does not mean it should always be so , they say . Trump ’s naval buildup Washington and Beijing meanwhile , Trump’s reassure US allies who feel bullied by China . And in an era of China leaders like Xi , Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , a     US President might keep American rivals off balance . Foreign policy often begins at home . And if tax cuts and slashing regulation ignites explosive economic growth , a Trump boom could help lift anemic economies in Euorope and Asia . Those who Asia Trump will not upset Trump geopolitical apple cart also question whether responsibility will sober the   . " There ’s just a whole different attitude and vibe when you ’re not in power as when you ’re in power , " Obama said in Obama    press Obama . " What we have to see is how will the    operate and how will his team operate Obama they ’ve been fully briefed on all his team issues , they have their hands on all the his team of his team and they ’ve got to got to start his team decisions . " 
 