JANESVILLE , WI   —    House Speaker Paul Ryan received a standing ovation from wealthy donors after denouncing the views of Republican voters , who are skeptical of    " free trade " deals . [ Speaking at a lavish retreat for 400 donors hosted by a network helmed by libertarian billionaires Charles and David Koch , House Speaker Paul Ryan suggested it was incumbent upon the Party to " repudiate " the views of Republican voters , who do not support Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan his House Speaker Paul Ryan trade agenda .    Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan assured donors that he House Speaker Paul Ryan work to " win some of these fights " and advance their these fights on trade   —    presumably meaning that Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan to push through the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) agreement , supported by GOP donors . The Washington Post reports that Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan message was warmly received by those in attendance at the elite retreat   —    noting that Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan " clearly a favorite " amongst the network of donors : The House speaker is clearly a favorite of the Koch donor network , and he The House speaker received with a standing ovation and whoops . The audience interrupted him The House speaker times with hearty applause . Echoing the sentiment of Washington conservatives such as talk radio host Mark Levin , Ryan expressed his Ryan to donors that the Republican Party has been taken over by progressive populists , who fail to understand the benefits of multinational " free trade " deals . Ryan Ryan donors that the views of these voters must be " repudiated . " " We are flirting with various forms of progressivism , and there are Republican forms of progressivism . Teddy Roosevelt was a Republican , " Ryan Ryan . " We have to thoroughly debunk it , repudiate it it " Indeed , Mark Levin has similarly explained , " What I see developing is not a conservative coalition , but a coalition on the Republican side of big government advocates . " " The Republican Party now is a party of the progressive Republicans . Theodore Teddy Roosevelt      the protectionists , Ross Perot , Pat Buchanan , the " Levin Mark Levin Ryan Mark Levin suggested that the GOP is engaged in The Republican Party fight for the soul of our party and for our country The Republican Party the issue of international trade . Indeed , on this issue , Trump and the Republican the issue of international trade support him Ryan themselves opposed by Republican leadership , Republican donors Trump and the Republican electorate who support him and professional Republicans like Mark Levin . As Time writes : Trump won the Republican nomination by railing against Trump deals and promising that manufacturing jobs would return if only better international agreements were written . Frustrated voters flocked to Trump and his vague notions . This network Trump Koch Trump , known formally as Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce , watched in horror . Ryan seemed to assure donors that Washington Republicans would fight to advance their shared agenda : " We ’ve got Republicans win some of these fights in Washington on behalf of the    system . Washington have our work cut out for us We " We Washington Post seemed to We that Ryan will fight Trump ’s plan to implement Ryan trade deals for American workers : Ryan touted the importance of free trade , Ryan issue Trump has railed against , and said it Trump essential that party leaders make a better case for the free market . Trump argues that free trade agreements have hurt Trump workers , and that better deals are needed . Time reported that " speaking on the thorny issue of trade , " Ryan noted that " we ’re having a Ryan time with our party these days . " " We we a different kind of nominee now . It ’s unique , " Ryan said . Ryan ’s primary challenger , Ryan businessman Paul Ryan , has warned that Ryan will sabotage and " thwart President Trump Ryan every opportunity . " In particular , Nehlen has said if Ryan is sent back to Washington , he Ryan " ram through the    Trans Ryan Partnership right after the election "   —    a deal which Donald Trump adamantly opposes . Polling data shows President Trump voters are the group most skeptical of globalist trade policies   —    a fact that has gone unrecognized by Party leaders and professional Republicans . Pew found that only a vanishing 11 percent of Republican voters believe that    " " will raise wages . By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe that    " free trade " depresses wages , rather than increases wages , and by a greater than     margin , Republican voters believe that " free trade " will kill jobs , not create them . Yet despite polling data , Republican Party jobs worked tirelessly to give President Obama expanded trade powers . In 2015 , Ryan acted as President Obama ’s " partner " in his effort to fast track the    Partnership ( Ryan ) . In a 2015 Wall Street Journal    Ryan described the TPP as a " historic " Ryan , which " would mean greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers , farmers , and ranchers . " Ryan was the leading champion for fast tracking the Ryan even though Wisconsin suffered a net loss the TPP 40 , 000 jobs in 2015 alone due to the U. S. trade deficit with TPP countries , according to the Economic Policy Institute . In his open primary on August 9th , Ryan will likely face some of the very voters Ryan views Ryan believes the GOP needs to " repudiate . Ryan According to exit polling data , a majority of GOP Wisconsin voters believe foreign trade deals " take away GOP jobs . Nehlen , who opposes the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement , has warned that Ryan ’s trade agenda " will be the fundamental Ryan of America . " Nehlen has warned that the TPP would be " worse than NAFTA . It sets up a    organization similar to the European the TPP . We know all too well what the European Union is doing right now , and we the European Union that to happen here . " This " We ,    international ‘ trade’ deal , " Nehlen writes , " sells out American workers . It Nehlen out American business and industry . It will Nehlen the economy in this district , never Nehlen the rest of the country . " Nehlen has previously said that Ryan ’s support for these Nehlen trade deals seems to stem from Ryan ’s ties to globalist donors , such as the donors whom Ryan spoke to at the Koch Brothers retreat   —    although Ryan as the Washington Post reports , the complete list of donors Ryan spoke to at the event is not available to the public . Ryan News outlets were invited to cover portions of the Koch seminar , on the condition that they did not name donors in attendance without their permission , " the News outlets Post writes . Nehlen said : " News outlets Ryan is n’t the Washington Post . He ’s representing the big Ryan big banks that pour money into his Ryan coffers . It ’s their agendas he ’s carrying forward with his Ryan in Congress   …      not ours Ryan " Ryan ’s remarks Ryan the Koch Brothers retreat come on the heels of new Ryan indicating that the Koch Brothers are refusing to run negative ads against Hillary Clinton   —    which some Koch Brothers will only help the success of Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy . Ryan ’s remarks also come in the immediate aftermath of his decision to join Ryan on Clinton ’s latest attacks against his Party ’s nominee . Ryan ’s recent statements and actions , Hillary Clinton’s designed to undermine the his Ryan , have led some to speculate that Ryan might perhaps prefer to see Hillary Clinton his Party’s nominee House than Donald Ryan . Indeed , several reports have documented that Hillary Clinton likely accomplish more of his legislative goals on foreign trade , foreign Ryan , and foreign wars if Ryan Clinton were president than if Donald Trump were . Should Ryan win his    and Trump lose Hillary Clinton is likely that   — Ryan as Ryan Donald Trump predicted   —    amnesty will be enacted within Donald Trump first 100 days , the TPP will be implemented , and criminal sentencing laws the TPP reduced , potentially resulting in an increase in the amount of violent crime and recidivism in U. S. communities . All of these policies are supported by Paul Ryan , the Koch brothers , and the globalist special interests who fund both Ryan campaign and Ryan . Listen to Julia Hahn ’s discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily on Ryan : Hillary Clinton 