The Daily Show tried to parody Donald Trump ’s rhetorical attacks with a new nickname , " Weak Donald . " How much sadder does Trevor Noah ’s run have to get before Comedy Central mercifully pulls the plug ? [ Why are you so afraid of releasing your tax returns , @realDonaldTrump ? Sad ! # weakdonald ,   —    The Daily Show ( @TheDailyShow ) May 13 , 2016 ,    Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , has employed a simple trick to define and diminish his opponents Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee His coining Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee embarrassing nicknames , like " Li’l Marco " or " Lyin’ Ted , " has already made liberal pundits worried about the general election . Any media outlet covering his    Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee will have to run sound bites where he calls Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Clinton " Crooked Hillary . " No matter how they try to spin , this technique will continually remind them of they her ethics Hillary . It will this technique their minds they the association of Clinton as " crook . " Already , both Hillary ’s Hillary and now the    writers for The Daily Show are trying to imitate this tactic . Trump has set the playing field , and the left is scrambling to get into a proper formation . " Dangerous Donald , " the Clinton moniker Clinton has already been lambasted by Gawker , Esquire , and many others . Trevor Noah ’s " Weak Donald " is a glancing shoulder tap , if anything . Watch the video for yourself : Donald Trump Trump shadier than Richard Nixon . # weakdonaldhttps :   .    —    Comedy Central ( @ComedyCentral ) May 13 , 2016 ,   " Right now , Donald Trump , Trump return is making you look weak , " Noah says in his Trevor Noah . " Trump you know it , everyone ’s going to start tweeting the hashtag # weakdonald . And I do n’t wanna see that . I do n’t wanna see people calling you weak or tweeting ‘ hashtag weakdonald trump @realdonaldtrump.’ I do n’t wanna see that . So come on , Donnie   —    pull it together ! " Trump ’s weak because Trump ’s not going Trump release his tax returns , Trump every voice in establishment media who ’s asking him to do it Trump And Noah , with his comparatively tiny audience Trump net worth , is strong enough to declare him weak ? You Trump see the linear thought process here : " Trump wants to be Trump as strong , so we ’ll call him   …      Trump ! " If Trump were this thick Trump he ’d have run Trump " Bad ( not good ) Hillary " or " Stupid ( not smart ) Ted . " A room of 17 writers failed to follow the Writing 101 maxim of " show , do n’t tell . " If they really wanted to hit him where it hurts , liberals would run with something like " Fat Donald . " A New York Times hit piece launched today shows that Trump is , even now , unapologetic about critiquing women who have gained weight . It ’s something he expects of other people and , as he ’s grown in he himself , makes him he to " he as I say , not as I do " charges . And many svelte TV hosts are actually in a position to hold that insult over his head ! And he fat " can also evoke economics   —    the mental image of fat cats . Disconnect Trump from the    voters he ’s courting . he people of his $ 1 million he start , utilizing bankruptcies to protect himself , his solid he bathroom he . Not to mention , it just rolls off the tongue . Try to isolate the transition of the " eek " in " weak " to the " daw " in Donald . Much more awkward than " at " to " daw . " But the left has taken this weapon off the table . Going after Trump this way , they would be " Trump shaming , " which is a cardinal sin on the pages of Huffington Post and BuzzFeed . So instead , liberals are stuck with these toothless , reactionary " me too " entries . Expect this new one to fizzle out in a few days , and then we ’ll see maybe a dozen more attempts heading to November . Meanwhile , " Crooked Hillary " will keep growing   —    a    trigger for the public to constantly recall a complex web of corruption , with memes upon memes linking the Democrats’    to all the baggage of Clinton Cash . 
 