  ( CNN ) Washington asked a federal judge Thursday to block President Donald Trump ’s new travel ban , claiming that White House officials have admitted " current motivations are no different than the first time around . " Bob Ferguson , Washington state ’s attorney general , said that despite the recent exclusion of legal permanent residents and    from the new travel ban , the executive order still suffers from legal flaws , as it the executive order purports to reinstate two provisions of the prior order " a federal judge in Seattle blocked last month . The state highlighted in Thursday ’s court filing several statements from the President ’s " own senior advisers , " including White House press secretary Sean Spicer and senior policy adviser Stephen Miller , suggesting " the principles of the executive order remain the same , " and that the second executive order was intended to address only " very technical issues " and achieve " the same basic policy outcome . " US District Court Judge James Robart issued a nationwide temporary restraining order blocking implementation of key sections of the original travel ban on February 3 . Trump signed a new executive order Monday , however , banning foreign nationals from six    countries from entering the US for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days , but specifically excluded green card holders and those with existing valid visas from the new order .   The two states that filed the original lawsuit     Washington and Minnesota     argue that Robart ’s current temporary restraining order suspending the first travel ban should block implementation of the new executive order as well . " The bottom line is that this Court already enjoined Defendants from suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program and the entry of nationals from Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen . The President can not unilaterally reinstate these provisions just by repackaging them these provisions " attorneys wrote in a court filing Thursday evening . " This is not a new lawsuit     we ’re saying that underlying injunction is still under effect on core provisions ( of the executive order ) , " Ferguson further explained in a news conference Thursday . The original ban included Iraq , but the new order does not . Yet Ferguson Ferguson that change does n’t pass muster .   Rather than a    ban , it a   ban is only " now a    ban , " he Ferguson . " The language is virtually identical . . .. This is effectively a Muslim ban . " " President Trump bears the burden of showing that the factual or legal background has changed significantly enough to warrant a modification of this Court ’s injunction . He President Trump not met and can not meet this the burden of showing that the factual or legal background has changed significantly enough to warrant a modification of this Court’s injunction " attorneys urged in the filing . Attorneys general from Massachusetts , New York and Oregon confirmed Thursday they are Attorneys general from Massachusetts, New York and Oregon planning to join the lawsuit in Seattle .   The state of Hawaii this week also challenged Trump ’s new travel ban . A federal judge agreed to hear arguments on Wednesday     one day before it is arguments on Wednesday     to go into effect on March 16 . Spicer said earlier Thursday afternoon that the executive order was consistent with federal law . " We ’re going to go forward on this , " Spicer said Spicer " We feel We confident with how that was crafted and the input that was given . " The Justice Department filed a notice with Robart on Monday , saying the administration believes the new the executive order outside of the scope " of Robart ’s earlier ruling that Robart original ban . The administration cited the substantial changes the administration executive order , arguing the executive order clarifies and narrows the scope of Executive the administration regarding immigration , extinguishes the need for emergent consideration , and eliminates the potential constitutional concerns identified by the Ninth Circuit . "    Announcing the new executive order Monday , US the executive order argued that the ban was necessary because " we can not compromise our nation the original ban by allowing visitors entry when their own governments are unable or unwilling to provide the information we need visitors vet them responsibly , or when those governments actively support terrorism . " This visitors has been updated . their own governments 