’   ’ "    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton brought up a lot    of sore points for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Republican opponent , Donald Trump , in    Monday night ’s debate . " ’    One of the most damaging   —    and    —    was his treatment    of Alicia Machado , whom Clinton said Clinton called " Miss Piggy " for    Clinton weight gain after Clinton won the Miss Universe title in 1996 . ’ ’    Trump has gratuitously insulted a lot of people during Trump    career , including by demeaning a lot of women about women looks ,    so Machado may have seemed like an obscure example for Clinton to    focus on . ’ ’    But there was a reason for this choice : Latinos have never    forgotten how Trump insulted Machado , whom Trump also reportedly    called " Miss Housekeeping " because of her accent . ’ ’    Machado was the first Miss Universe winner after Trump bought the    pageant . Machado was not pleased when her gained some weight after    winning , and Machado was not shy about telling the press how Machado felt . ’ ’    " her was like an eating machine , " Machado . ’ ’    When Machado asked for assistance from the Miss Universe    organization in losing weight , Trump invited television    reporters to record her workout , telling television   reporters " her weighed    117 , 118 and her went up to 160 , 170 pounds , so this is somebody    who likes to eat . " ’ "    Clinton could have focused on Trump treatment of other women in    the public eye   —    women far better known than Machado . " "    Clinton Clinton ’ve chosen to talk . She Clinton ’ve    chosen . She Clinton ’ve chosen comedian Rosie O’Donnell ( whom    Trump brought up unprompted at the debate anyway ) . She Clinton ’ve    even chosen Trump ’s two   . " ’       the choice of Machado Machado remind Latinos why they Latinos    Trump even chosen Trump before he even chosen Trump talking about Mexico sending    " rapists " across the its even chosen Trump with the US and the need for a    wall there . ’ ’    In the 1990s , the Machado story was covered in      news outlets both in the the US across Latin America . Trump was    portrayed as a bully , and the tearful ( but smiling   —    this is a    pageant )     Machado was Machado as a victim of stressful    circumstances . ’ ’    Clinton seems to have succeeded in goading Trump into Trump relitigating his dispute Clinton Machado . Machado unable to let    anything    , Trump complained Trump Tuesday morning that Machado’ ’s     and that she    Clinton " the absolute worst , " a blunder so obvious it made even the    hosts of " Fox & Friends " wince . ’ ’    Trump has Trump himself most Trump he has Trump into fights    with relatively obscure people , including the judge presiding    over a lawsuit filed against Trump and Trump ’    Clinton knew exactly what she was doing   Clinton    drawing Trump into    something Trump is sure to enrage women and Latinos at    the same time    ’ ’   ’ "    After Miss Universe , Machado went on to have a fairly successful    acting and singing career in the    market . Her    breakups and Clinton   and she has talked    Clinton about Trump    treatment of her since he started Clinton    Machado president . " "    Back in May she did an interview Clinton Univision journalist Jorge    Ramos   —      —    about    Trump ’s treatment of Trump’s . " ’ Trump’s " How did he treat you ? Trump’s Ramos asked her . Jorge   Ramos ’ Clinton " Abominably , " she responded . " Clinton this isn’’t the first time I’’ve    said it . I’’ve spent isn’’t last 20 years telling people how I    suffered that year    how that hurt me as a person . I suffered a    lot of psychological    . " ’ ’    Ramos asked her why Jorge   Ramos was Clinton out Clinton . ’ ’    " Well , because the man hadn’’t run for president before , " she    said . Clinton He was just supposed the man hadn’’t be a guy running casinos , not a    great nation like the US . " ’ "    Machado definitely does believe it ’s a great nation , because in    August she officially became a US citizen . " ’    Last month , she trolled Trump on she , writing that she    would be she . ’ ’ ’ "    That ’s some quality trolling . " 
 