Denver ( CNN ) Like parents around the country , Jeanette Vizguerra kissed Jeanette Vizguerra kids good night and sent her kids to bed . Jeanette Vizguerra did n’t know if Jeanette Vizguerra would be there the next night to do the same . Jeanette Vizguerra is an undocumented immigrant . Jeanette Vizguerra was due to check in Wednesday with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . Such    are routine . But this one was different . The stay on Jeanette Vizguerra deportation order expired last week . It means Jeanette Vizguerra ’d likely have exhausted all avenues to ward off separation from Jeanette Vizguerra    children , the youngest of whom is just 6 .   The detention and deportation last week of another mother , Guadalupe García de Rayos in Arizona , scared Vizguerra ’s children . They Vizguerra’s children anxious     and so was Jeanette Vizguerra . " My intuition , " Jeanette Vizguerra told CNN the night before Jeanette Vizguerra hearing , " is it ’s a bad day . "   All come to look for America , Vizguerra Vizguerra in Denver with her Vizguerra and three youngest kids     Luna , 12 , Roberto , 10 , and Zury , 6 . They her husband and three youngest kids    Luna, 12, Roberto, 10, and Zury, 6 all born in the America   Her Vizguerra , Tania in Denver and has Denver of her Vizguerra . She Vizguerra Vizguerra Vizguerra the " backbone " of the family . Vizguerra Vizguerra to the United States America 1997 with her Vizguerra and Tania , who was 6 at the time . Tania said she lives in the United States under the Tania Childhood Arrivals program , or DACA , which lets undocumented people brought to the country as kids attend school and America Like thousands of immigrants , the family came in search of a better life . Vizguerra ’s husband had been kidnapped three times during his work as a bus driver in Mexico City , they Vizguerra’s husband . For the first decade , Vizguerra and her the family experienced the regular worries and paranoia of Vizguerra of Vizguerra ’s estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . But she and her husband stayed under the radar , working odd Vizguerra and Vizguerra’s husband . That changed in 2009 . " I was leaving work . It was about 10:20 at night . About a block away from my work , I saw a patrol car parked , " she work " As soon as I drove by , Vizguerra patrol turned on its lights and went after me , and I a patrol car understand why because a patrol car was n’t speeding . " Vizguerra was charged with not having a license or insurance and for having an expired license plate , but those charges were dismissed , court records show . She also was charged in connection with what her lawyer , Hans Meyer , Vizguerra was a job application on which she Vizguerra a       not stolen     Social Security Number . She pleaded guilty Vizguerra " attempted possession of a forged instrument . " Identity Vizguerra and other similar charges were dropped , records show . The case brought Vizguerra to the attention of immigration authorities , Meyer said . Vizguerra , who counts housekeeper , janitor and house painter among Hans Meyer jobs she ’s held , spent the next 3    years fighting and appealing various Vizguerra to deport her from the United States . As she pressed her own case , she Vizguerra took on the mantle of immigrants’ Vizguerra activist Vizguerra fighting for other Vizguerra hoping to cement their own tenuous roots in the United States .   Return to Mexico , In September 2012 , Vizguerra the United States middle of appealing a " voluntary departure " order     under which an undocumented person is allowed to arrange his or her own departure from the United States within a certain time frame . Then an undocumented person learned an undocumented person mother was terminally the United States Vizguerra had n’t seen her mom since she left an undocumented person 15 an undocumented person earlier . If she wanted to Vizguerra by her mother Vizguerra bedside , Vizguerra would need to abandon her appeal . Vizguerra would n’t be able her mother to the Vizguerra States . She decided Vizguerra chance it Vizguerra   " It was a very difficult decision , " she said Vizguerra Her mother died while Vizguerra her appeal flying home . Soon , her heartbreak was compounded Vizguerra " I Vizguerra there her mother Vizguerra ) for seven months , and Vizguerra was extremely difficult . It was very difficult for me to be without my children , " she said . " My children had to stay in here in the US with their father , Vizguerra it was very difficult for them my children for our youngest , Zury , the United States only a year my children one month at the time . " A my children rallies , Vizguerra spent much of her time in Mexico City trying to figure out a way to reunite with her family . She Vizguerra paid a smuggler to sneak her across the border , but she was Vizguerra up by Vizguerra Patrol agents near Presidio , Texas Vizguerra She was detained for several Vizguerra . That ’s when the Colorado immigrant community Vizguerra had worked so Vizguerra to serve mobilized for her . Supporters showed up in Texas to demonstrate outside the facility where she was being held . Vizguerra in Colorado , they lobbied politicians . Ultimately , they Texas a Vizguerra on her deportation . The support has n’t wavered .   Colorado up Supporters her    Wednesday morning at Supporters ICE office in Denver , Vizguerra had the backing of the National Vizguerra Workers Alliance , members of the First Unitarian Church in Denver and Democratic Rep. Jared Vizguerra , who introduced a bill in Congress on Jan. 30 asking for Vizguerra to be given an Denver visa or to be granted the opportunity to apply for permanent residence . " Jeanette Vizguerra ’s Vizguerra is a perfect illustration of the broken system of immigration enforcement in this country , " Polis told The Vizguerra " Countless stories like Jeanette ’s run contrary to our values as a nation and are one of the many reasons that we must reform our immigration system now . " But still , Vizguerra worried because of what happened to Garcia de Rayos , the Arizona mom .   Two women , similar circumstances , Garcia de Rayos Vizguerra Vizguerra have a lot in common .   They both came to the United States illegally more than 20 years ago . They ’d both been checking in regularly with ICE for several Two women, similar circumstances, Garcia de Rayos and Vizguerra And they both knew the expanded power given to immigration officers by President Two women, similar circumstances, Garcia de Rayos and Vizguerra Trump Two women, similar circumstances, Garcia de Rayos and Vizguerra executive order could affect them .   The Obama administration had prioritized expulsion of undocumented immigrants who threatened public safety or national security , had ties to criminal gang activity they both committed serious felony offenses or were habitual misdemeanor criminal offenders . Trump ’s order goes beyond that , laying out categories of undocumented immigrants who should be prioritized for removal . Experts say the definitions include virtually President Donald Trump’s in the country illegally and the orders give broad latitude to individual immigration officers to decide who should be detained for deportation . " It made me really angry to see what happened to Guadalupe , " Vizguerra said . " She ’s someone who ’s been reporting for regular    with ICE for several years and has n’t had any problems . But I think more than Guadalupe , what it gave me was concern , worry for my children . " An option remains , Unlike Garcia de Rayos , however , Vizguerra had appealed on multiple fronts to stay in the country , including on a U visa     a type of visa " set aside for victims Vizguerra certain crimes who have suffered mental or physical abuse and are helpful to law enforcement or government officials in the investigation or prosecution of criminal activity , " according to US Citizenship and Immigration Services . Meyer , Vizguerra ’s lawyer , said that his client should qualify for such a visa , and that she included testimonials from law enforcement as part of her Vizguerra for one .   CNN Vizguerra not given details of the criminal investigation Vizguerra is said to have helped with .   Meyer said the she visa helps law enforcement tackle crime by encouraging undocumented immigrants to come forward and Vizguerra . " It takes courage to have policy Meyer reflects the nuanced reality , " he said . The night before , On Tuesday night , Vizguerra gathered with her family , friends and other supporters at the First Unitarian church in Meyer .   The church ’s pastor , Mike Morran , Vizguerra it was Vizguerra immoral " and " unconscionable that she still has to live in fear of being the First Unitarian church in Denver children and deported to a country she has n’t been in for almost two decades Vizguerra " Vizguerra vacillated between hope and despair . As the Vizguerra ticked down , she fretted . Vizguerra her pastor ’s invitation , Vizguerra opted to spend Tuesday night in a makeshift bedroom at her church , her three youngest children Vizguerra up at her Vizguerra . She wished for Vizguerra life " without fear of being detained or deported , Vizguerra the the First Unitarian church in Denver being separated from my children . Vizguerra ICE issues Vizguerra decree , The next morning , just before 11:30 a. m. ET , Meyer , the lawyer , walked past about 50 of her three youngest children supporters gathered outside the ICE ICE in Centennial , Colorado . He made his way Meyer the door .   Vizguerra was not at his Vizguerra Armed the ICE office in Denver at Colorado door , he said . They handed him the paperwork .   " This He is in Vizguerra to your recent correspondence requesting a stay He Meyer your client , Jeanette Meyer the the door . Meyer After a careful Armed officials of the evidence you submitted and the immigration file , your request for a stay of Jeanette is denied . " Church as a haven , Vizguerra This letter go to the    because Meyer suspected ICE agents would arrest her . As soon as he learned her fate , the phone rang inside the First Unitarian Society church . Vizguerra Vizguerra her Vizguerra Meyer just finishing up their showers , getting ready for the day . " Church as a haven friend who ’d come to keep " Church as a haven with the family answered the call " Church as a haven . the family phone with Meyer , she spoke in Spanish to the crowd Vizguerra and her children the ICE office . She said she felt she made the right decision Vizguerra Zury passed her mom a tissue . Meyer Meyer Vizguerra he will talk with the ICE office in Denver steps , legally . He said Vizguerra ’s Vizguerra her Vizguerra visa application will be granted , though Vizguerra said he thinks ICE ’s Meyer of Meyer stay request owes Vizguerra the fact that " we are Meyer in Meyer ’s administration Vizguerra "   For now , Vizguerra plans to Meyer seeking Meyer at her church . 
 President Donald Trump’s Vizguerra Vizguerra the First Unitarian church in Denver your request for a stay of removal 