’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s strongest moment suddenly turned into one of   Donald Trump    weakest .   " ’    Hillary Clinton was on the defensive . The candidates were talking    about immigration . One of   a    transcript of which was released as part of hacked Hillary Clinton    campaign emails from WikiLeaks , was under the spotlight . ’ ’    Then Hillary Clinton changed the subject . ’ ’    Hillary Clinton veered off the discussion of " open borders , " which Hillary Clinton had    praised in Hillary Clinton speech , and instead started talking about Russian    President Vladimir Putin . Hillary Clinton accused Russian   President Vladimir Putin and the Russian    government of meddling in the US election , and called on    Trump to disavow " Russian espionage against Americans . " ’ ’      Trump responded with a zinger , marveling at how Clinton had    shifted gears . And then , for some reason ,   Trump took the bait . ’ ’’ ’    " Now we can talk about Putin , " Putin started . ’ "    It was a seminal , if unheralded , moment as part of Clinton ’s    master class in debate sparring with an unworthy partner . In    romping through the nominees’ three debates ,   and opening up a more    and more sizable poll lead , Clinton was the class president vs. the    class clown , the    interviewee vs. the guy winging it    on the biggest stage of    life . " "    Clinton did what 16 Republican candidates could n’t in the GOP    primary : beat Trump at Trump own game . " ’    She trolled Trump .   ’ ’    On Wednesday , that came when She relentlessly needled Trump    over Trump meeting with the Mexican president , which led to a    dispute over whether Trump had actually .   ’ ’    " Trump choked and then got into a Twitter war , " She said . ’ ’    She mocked Trump . ’ ’    There was the exchange Wednesday during which She    grinned and interjected , as Trump was talking about sitting in an    apartment in Trump " very beautiful hotel " in Las Vegas .   ’ ’    " Made with Chinese steel , " She quipped . ’ ’    She outplayed and outprepared him . ’ "    In the first debate , it was invoking   with whom Trump engaged in a    feud . This    time , Trump was so obsessed with defending Trump against    allegations of sexual misconduct from several women that Trump    allowed    to completely avoid a question about former President    Bill Clinton ’s own surreptitious history . " ’    In slicing through Bill Clinton GOP primary opponents , one by one , Trump    often made other candidates the foil on the debate stage . Bill Clinton    most frequent target was Jeb Bush , whom Bill Clinton routinely made a    punchline . ’ ’    On Wednesday night , at the end of three    debates ,       was    own punchline . ’ ’    " Nobody has more respect for women than I do . Nobody , "       declared . ’ ’    And the audience laughed . ’ 
 