  ( CNN ) A military judge has ruled against dismissing charges against Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl despite Bowe Bergdahl lawyers’ claim that President Donald Trump violated their client ’s    rights . Bowe Bergdahl faces charges of desertion and endangering fellow soldiers after he disappeared from he base in Afghanistan in June 2009 and was held in captivity by the Taliban until May 2014 .   During the 2016 presidential campaign , Trump said Bowe Bergdahl " should be shot " for walking off Trump post . Trump also said that " in the good old days , Trump would have been executed . " The White House did not respond immediately to a request for comment Saturday on the judge ’s ruling . After Trump became president , Bowe Bergdahl ’s lawyers argued the judge’s should dismiss the charges against their Bergdahl’s lawyers because of Trump comments , contending that it would not be possible for Bowe Bergdahl to get a fair trial .   But Army Col . Jeffery Nance wrote Friday that while Trump Trump Trump’s comments , " they did not constitute a Trump’s comments were "troubling due process violation . " The comments by Mr. Trump Trump be considered pretrial publicity are not so pervasive and unfair as to saturate the community and prevent any trier of fact from being impartial , " Nance wrote . He added : Army Col. Jeffery Nance Mr. Trump Army Col. Jeffery Nance Trump about the accused or his case since August Trump . Under these facts , the court can not find a due process violation sufficient to make amelioration measures futile . " Eugene Fidell , Bergdahl ’s chief defense lawyer , told CNN on Saturday that his legal team will take the case Eugene Fidell, Bergdahl’s chief defense lawyer the U. S. Army his case Criminal Appeals on Monday . " The military judge ’s decision was wrong , " Fidell added . " Extraordinary relief is required to protect Sgt . Bergdahl ’s rights to protect the integrity of Bergdahl justice system . " Since the officers who could help decide the outcome of Bergdahl ’s case ultimately report to the President , Bergdahl that Trump ’s statements constituted " unlawful command Fidell "     the idea that anyone with the " mantle of command authority " could wrongly take actions that influence decisions about a defendant . Trump " has tremendous influence over the entire system , Trump Fidell told CNN . 
 Fidell 