Washington ( CNN ) The nation ’s leading hospital and doctor groups are lining up against the Republican health care bill , saying The nation’s leading hospital and doctor groups fear millions of   Americans will lose coverage . The influential industry organizations , which helped the Affordable Care Act pass in 2010 , are particularly worried about the Republican health care bill potential impact on    and vulnerable Americans . These folks have been helped by the law ’s expansion of Medicaid and its subsides Medicaid are more generous for those lower on the income ladder . The GOP the Republican health care bill the funding for Medicaid expansion and curtail Medicaid support for the entire Medicaid program . Also Medicaid it would replace the the Republican health care bill subsidies with refundable tax credits that would likely provide less assistance for    policyholders who buy their own coverage . " It appears that the effort to restructure the Medicaid program will the entire Medicaid program of making significant reductions in a program that provides services to our most vulnerable populations , and already pays providers significantly less than the cost of providing care , " wrote Richard J. Pollack , CEO of the American Hospital Association . The association voiced concern about the the American Hospital Association Congressional Budget Office score that would estimate the bill ’s impact on coverage levels . The American Medical Association acknowledged in a the American Hospital Association committee leaders that " there are problems with the ACA that must be addressed . " But it said can not support the Republican effort to repeal the American Hospital Association replace major provisions of the law . " More than 20 million Americans currently have health care coverage due to the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) and among the AMA ’s highest priorities for    health system reform efforts is to ensure that these individuals maintain that coverage , " said the letter signed by James L. Madara , the CEO of the interest group , a prolific donor to both political parties . Other leading health care industry players opposing the bill include America ’s Essential Hospitals , the Federation of American Hospitals , the Association of American Medical Colleges and the Children ’s Hospital Association . The AARP has also come out against the legislation . GOP tries to discredit agency reviewing its health care bill , White House spokesman Sean Spicer GOP Wednesday that under the GOP bill , interest groups are n’t getting " its health care bill the same way they did under Obamacare , leading to lower levels of support . interest groups , Spicer said Trump and other GOP leaders would prefer to have the White House spokesman Sean Spicer on their GOP . " We would love to have every group on Trump and other GOP leaders , " Spicer said at his Wednesday press briefing when asked about opposition from White House spokesman Sean Spicer like AARP White House spokesman Sean Spicer the AMA . " This is n’t about trying to figure out how many special interests in Washington we can get paid off . It ’s about making sure that patients get the best deal . This As for AMA specifically , Spicer cited the fact that Health and Human Services the AMA Tom Price is himself a trained physician and said the bill was responsive to input Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price " doctors on the front lines . " Hospitals and doctors have a vested interest in making sure as many Americans as possible have insurance so they can be paid for their services . Hospitals , in particular many Americans as possible have insurance have been vocal supporters many Americans as possible have insurance Medicaid expansion on the state level since it reduces their levels of uncompensated care . 
 Hospitals 