TEL AVIV   —    Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seemingly echoed some of the general sentiments of Donald Trump on Saturday , when the Israeli leader questioned the loyalty of segments of the    population . [ Amid an outcry from the Israeli leader opponents , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remarks during a Sunday cabinet meeting , saying Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was " not impressed by criticism in this regard . "   " This is true for all Israeli citizens   —    Jews and Arabs alike , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu call , repeated on Sunday , to ensure that " Israel is a state under unified law , " Speaking Saturday at the scene of a shooting attack in Tel Aviv one day before , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed to " dramatically increase " police presence in Arab towns , while calling for an end to    incitement in    mosques and for all    to remain loyal to the State of Israel . " We will dramatically increase law enforcement services in the Arab sector , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said of    neighborhoods . "   neighborhoods will open new police stations , recruit more police officers , go into all the towns and demand of everyone loyalty to the laws of the State of Israel . " After expressing satisfaction with some Arab leaders’ condemnations of the shooting , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu singled out the    population . " We all know there is wild incitement by radical Islam in the Arab sector , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . " Incitement in mosques , incitement in the education system , incitement in social media . " I will not accept two nations within Israel : a lawful nation for all its Israel and a ( second ) nation within a nation for some of its a nation , in pockets of lawlessness . " Those times are over , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu added . " Whoever wants to be Israeli must be fully Israeli   —    both in rights and in obligations . And the first and paramount obligation is to abide by the laws of the state . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called on Arab Knesset members , " all of them Arab Knesset members without exception , to condemn the murder clearly and unequivocally . Murder is murder , it the murder be condemned and acted against by all sides . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remarks were unsurprisingly criticized by Arab lawmakers and others in the political opposition . Knesset Member Aida    of the Joint List , a largely Arab coalition party , accused Netanyahu Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu racism , adding that the prime minister " aims to sway the conversation from the crimes of the occupation and hate crimes , and create a hostile and alienating environment towards an entire religious group .    claimed the Israeli government " has always tried to ignore Arab villages and towns and gives opportunities for crime , weapons , and poverty to spread in them it Arab villages and towns today that the fire does not know the difference between Jews and Arabs . " Law enforcements means treating us as citizens with equal rights and not like criminals and incite against us , " she stated Law enforcements " Netanyahu should start acting like a prime minister and not an oppressive military commander . " Knesset Member Essawi Frej of the    Meretz Party said    were united in their opposition the   Meretz Party the Tel Aviv attack . " We did n’t hear stuttering , certainly not justifications . We saw We entire society that was shocked . " " Today , we all have the responsibility to fight for our joint we all , to look for what unites us and we all those , Arab and Jewish , who ask to sow fear , violence , and hatred , " Frej added . Shelly Yacimovich of the Zionist Union party slammed Netanyahu ’s remarks on Twitter . She claimed Shelly Yacimovich of the Zionist Union party prime minister " rushed to a pointless    at the site of a painful , bleeding terrorist attack , set up a strange podium , and incited horribly against all    citizens .    …      I have a problem with orchestrated incitement on the blood [ of the victims of the attack ] to cover up failure . " Oren Hazan , a member of Netanyahu ’s Netanyahu Party , also appeared to criticize Netanyahu . Netanyahu tweeted Netanyahu " There is a thick and clear line separating the million and a half faithful    from the terrorist minority , against which we must act with no mercy . We must not turn over a million citizens into enemies . " While Netanyahu did Netanyahu go so far as to oppose Muslim immigration or call for a temporary travel ban , his sentiments Netanyahu to echo some of those expressed by Donald Trump in the days following last month ’s San Bernardino massacre . The attack San Bernardino massacre by two Muslims , one of whom , Tashfeen Malik , entered the country on a    fiancée visa . She became the wife of the second shooter , Syed Rizwan Farook , a U. S. citizen . Trump had Donald Trump for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " Netanyahu rejected Trump ’s Donald Trump Muslim immigration while recognizing that radical Islam is a threat to Muslims , Christians , and Jews worldwide . Netanyahu ’s office released Netanyahu to reporters affirming , " The prime minister rejects the Netanyahu Donald Trump regarding Muslims . " " Israel respects all religions and    …      preserves the rights of all its citizens , " the statement said Israel adding that " a statement same time , Israel is struggling against the radical Islamism that Israel Muslims , Christians , and Jews as one and poses a threat to the entire world . " Speaking on ABC ’s " Good Morning America " in the wake of his remarks , Trump clarified that under his Trump American Muslims can come and go Trump they please . Trump expressed his hopes that American Muslims shutdown " Trump go Trump , " as soon as " our leaders figure out what the hell is going on . " " If a person is a Muslim , goes overseas , and comes back , they can come back . They ’re a our leaders . That ’s different our leaders " Trump explained . " But we have to Trump things out . " Speaking on CNN last month , Trump further warned that the country risks more Trump attacks if his plan for a temporary ban on Muslim Trump is not implemented . " You ’re going to have many more World Trade Centers if you do n’t solve it   —    many , many more , and probably beyond the World Trade Center , " Trump told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo . Trump Trump that CNN are already terrorists inside Trump country . " They want our buildings to come down they there are already terrorists inside the country our cities to be crushed . there are already terrorists inside the country … our They are living within our country . And there are already terrorists inside the country of them want the country from outside our country there are already terrorists inside the country " In a statement released to the country Monday , Trump cited a poll from the Center for Trump Policy showing that segments of the Muslim population hold    views . According to Pew Research , among others , there is great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the Muslim population . The Center for Security Policy released data showing " 25 the Center for Security Policy that violence Security Policy here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad " and 51 % of those polled " agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah . " Trump urged the United States to better understand the ideology of radical Islam before allowing Muslims into the country . ​​ Without looking at the various polling data , it is obvious the United States the hatred is beyond comprehension . Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine . Until we are able the hatred and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses , our we can not be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in the United States and have no sense of reason or respect for human life . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Klein Investigative Radio . "   Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 