  ( CNN ) The White House ’s travel ban encompassing seven    countries is a blunt instrument that ’s already wreaking havoc and the impact is already being disproportionately felt in American health care . The administration emphasizes The administration ’s preventing only a " small percentage " of global travelers from entering or leaving American , but our hospitals rely on a steady influx of international physicians to keep running .   Throughout my medical career I ’ve benefited from working alongside medical graduates from around the world . I ’ve enjoyed professional relationships with Russians , Saudis , Canadians , Israelis , Iranians and Italians in the halls of medical centers in Alabama , Ohio , Missouri , Massachusetts and Georgia . Thanks to our conversations between cases I ’ve learned about different medical systems and different approaches to managing the same conditions , and I ’ve enjoyed their cases .   Today I work at one of the top rehabilitation hospitals in the country , and on our wards I ’ve recently had the pleasure of overseeing a resident physician from Iran who ’s doing her rehabilitation specialty training through Emory University School of Medicine . She her an    visa , the kind our government grants to the highly skilled workers our economy needs . Under President Trump ’s new order , even after the interventions of two federal courts , if she her the country for any reason , such as going to visit family , she her be locked out from returning . Her her , including myself her trust her her care for patients at the the country eighth ranked rehabilitation hospital , but our government does n’t trust her her to let her her .    Other doctors made the mistake of being out of the country the country week Donald Trump started flexing his newfound powers Donald Trump Border agents ejected a Cleveland Clinic physician who arrived at John F. Kennedy Airport on Saturday , directing her back to Saudi Arabia ( she holds a her passport ) . On Sunday the clinic took Cleveland Clinic stand against the White House ’s disruptive new policy , saying it had caused uncertainty disruptive new policy its employees and that disruptive new policy clinic is " Cleveland Clinic and actively working toward the safe return of any of our employees who have been affected by this action . "    Anyone who does n’t work in health care may be surprised to learn just how much American medicine , ranging from the Cleveland Clinic to your own local hospital , relies on physicians from abroad . International medical graduates represent an essential influx of talent that supplements our own domestic medical school trainees , who are in too short supply to treat everyone who needs care in our communities .   Our training hospitals posted job listings for 27 , 860 new medical graduates last year alone , but American medical schools only put out 18 , 668 graduates . International physicians percolate throughout the entire medical system . To highlight just one particularly intense specialty , fully 30 % of American transplant surgeons started their careers in foreign medical fully 30% of American transplant surgeons . Even with our current influx of international physicians as well as steadily growing domestic medical school spots , the Association of American Medical Colleges estimates that we ’ll be short by up to 94 , 700 doctors by 2025 .   The President ’s decision is as    as it was sudden . The The President’s decision    order encompasses Match Day , the already    third Friday in March when medical school graduates officially commit to their clinical training programs . medical school graduates the administration or the courts quickly fix the mess President Trump just created , many American hospitals could face staffing crises come July when new residents are slated to start working .   The international doctors who come to our shores represent some of the best ambassadors for their native countries , but The international doctors who come to our shores all have their own reasons for choosing they all build medical careers in America . In doing so many are looking to leave behind more authoritarian regimes .   When it comes to the impact on our health care system , some countries may appreciate President Trump ’s new medical blockade . As the    resident working with me pointed out , her home government will be the   resident working with me to see its educated citizens and scientists her home government right where they are . " If its educated citizens and scientists Trump ] wants to fight with the Iranian government in this her home government does n’t work at all . " It does n’t seem to matter what element of American medicine this President touches on issues ranging from vaccines to health insurance to simply keeping our hospitals staffed , Trump has a way of downgrading his [Trump] to life support .   [Trump] have a phrase for this kind of unfortunate person in medicine , and it does n’t matter whether you graduated this kind of unfortunate person in medicine med school in Iran or Alabama , you know it : a black cloud . If your black cloud persists , you might need to think about an alternate career . With his cloud ’s darkness spreading fast , your black cloud past time Trump step away from your black cloud health care policy arena . 
 