’’ ’Mitt Romney suggested on Monday that Manhattan billionaire Donald Trump would secure the GOP nomination if Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich stay in the race until the July convention.’ ’In a preview of Romney interview with David Gregory for Romney podcast , " The David Gregory Show , " Romney insisted that stopping Trump depends on whether Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich continue Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’"I think that Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich divide the vote , and that makes it easier for Mr. Trump Trump the     congressional districts and the     states and get the delegates he needs to Trump hit the 1 , 237 or get close enough to sway the uncommitted delegates on the first ballot , " said Romney , the 2012 GOP presidential nominee.’ " Romney added that if either drops out after Tuesday ’s   primary , then he thinks Trump Romney not hit the needed 1 , 237 delegates to win the nomination . Instead , Republicans would enter into a contested convention . " ’He did not suggest who , between Cruz and Kasich , he believed should ’He out of the race . Romney said last Romney that he was voting Romney Cruz in the Cruz caucuses , which Cruz ended up Cruz , but said his encouragement was Romney an endorsement.’ ’Romney made    for Kasich and campaigned for him ahead of Romney March 15 Ohio primary , which was the only contest Kasich won.’ ’Since early March , Romney has been Romney leading figure in the    movement , and the pair have engaged in a vicious back and forth that has cooled down only recently.’ ’The former Massachusetts governor also opined on the rules the Republican Party has for the    process   —    one that Trump has called " rigged " and " crooked "   —     across the country to spots that are committed to Trump on the Trump ballot.’ ’"Well , actually at this stage of course the rules are the rules the Republican Party has for the   process   , and the rules the Republican Party has for the   process   put them out the Republican Party over the rules the Republican Party has for the   process   year ago , " Romney said . " And they’’re very similar to the rules that existed at the time when I was running four years ago . " ’ ’"By the way , there’ ’s probably nothing wrong with making it difficult , " he continued . " After all there’ these rules are a lot the rules the Republican Party has for the   process   the rules of foreign affairs , for instance , or the rules of our economy . And if you want to be president , you’’re going to have to deal with rules far more complicated than Republican delegate rules . " ’ ’’ ’Mitt Romney suggested on Monday that Manhattan . .. ’ 
 