’   ’ ’    After President Barack Obama said in an interview with former    senior adviser David Axelrod that former   senior adviser David Axelrod thinks former   senior adviser David Axelrod would have won if    former   senior adviser David Axelrod had run this year ,    Donald Trump fired    back on Twitter with a clear conviction of former   senior adviser David Axelrod own . ’ ’    " NO WAY ! "   Donald Trump tweeted . ’ ’    In Obama’ ’s interview , which aired on CNN’ ’s " " podcast Monday ,   Donald Trump acknowledged he   Donald Trump       a bit like a " Monday morning quarterback , " analyzing the    election after it the   election out . But Obama said he Obama his Obama message of " hope and change " still resonates with voters   —    and       it could have propelled him Obama victory over Trump . ’ ’    " I am confident in this vision because I’’m confident that if I   —      if I had run again and articulated it , I think I could’’ve    mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it it "    . " I know that in conversations that I’’ve had with    people around the country , even some people who disagreed with       , they even some people who disagreed with   me say the vision , the direction that you point    toward is the right one . " ’ ’    Trump responded on Twitter later in the day , strongly disagreeing       the president’ ’s assessment and declaring the " world was       before I won   —    there was no hope . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tPresident Obama said that he Trump he Trump have won against me Trump He Trump say that but I say NO WAY !       leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tThe world was gloomy before I won    there was no no hope Now the market is up nearly 10 % and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars ! ’t’t’ "    After tanking upon Trump ’s unexpected victory , the    stock   since his election as the 45th president . " ’    Trump’ ’s reference to Christmas spending appears to come from    the   which predicted Holiday sales    to exceed $ 1 trillion this year , though the survey concluded that    " overall , gift spending intentions remain similar to 2015 . " ’ ’ Obama made it clear he wasn’’t Obama faulting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for    losing , saying he thought Obama there was a double standard with her " faulting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton that    press and the public had formed over her decades faulting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton the    spotlight . ’ "    Clinton spokesman   to Obama ’s claim , agreeing that the    president could have won . He added Clinton spokesman  to Obama she could Clinton , too , if    FBI Director James Comey had n’t reopened the investigation into    her private Clinton server days before the election , a move    that . " ’    " I agree Obama would have beaten Trump , " Fallon wrote . " I also    think    could have , but for Comey . FBI Director James Comey his win FBI Director James Comey Trump    Trump weak . " ’ ’    Though Trump secured a Trump win in the Electoral College ,     nationwide . ’ 
 