PHILADELPHIA   —    Democrats marked a decisive turn in Democrats campaign against Donald J. Trump this week , moving to recast the 2016 race not as a conventional battle between left and right but as a national emergency that requires voters of all stripes to band together against a singularly menacing candidate . Abandoning all stripes standard critique against conservative Republicans , allies of Hillary Clinton argued that Donald J. Trump was not merely another champion of    ideas , deserving of rejection for his Donald J. Trump on the environment or health care . Instead , in an onslaught of astonishing ferocity led by President Obama , they used their they to portray Mr. Donald J. Trump a dangerously unstable figure and a friend of foreign despots like President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Some Democrats suggested Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump authoritarian impulses of his own : Donald J. Trump in Mrs. Clinton ’s acceptance speech Thursday night was a pointed reminder that the American system was designed to prevent the rise of a dictator . In effect , Mrs. Clinton and Democratic Party leaders signaled that they would seek Mrs. Clinton and Democratic Party leaders fight the general election , to some extent , in nonpartisan terms   —    as a clash between the broad mainstream of American voters and a candidate they argue would Mrs. Clinton and Democratic Party leaders the nation in jeopardy . David Boaz , Mr. Boaz had picked up on an unsettling theme in Mr. Trump ’s campaign . He said the attacks this week on Mr. Trump as an autocrat had the potential to resonate outside Mr. Boaz Democratic base . " I really Mr. Trump’s think that ’s too over the top , " Mr. Boaz said . " We have one candidate who ’s not even pretending   —    he is promising to be a    ruler . " Mrs. Clinton herself stopped short of denouncing Mr. Mr. Boaz as an authoritarian . But in her convention speech   —    and on the campaign trail in recent days   —    she described Mrs. Clinton herself political worldview as being in profound tension with traditional American values . That somewhat gentler argument Mrs. Clinton herself strategists close to Mrs. Clinton said , will be central to her campaign in the general election . She has rebuked Mr. Mrs. Clinton herself for depicting the United States as a Mrs. Clinton herself in decline and declaring , " Mrs. Clinton herself alone can fix it . " That sentiment , Mrs. Clinton said , is inconsistent with democracy . Mrs. Clinton returned to that theme on Thursday , and said Mrs. Clinton herself ’s proclamation should " set off alarm bells Mrs. Clinton herself of us . " " Remember , " she said Mr. Trump our founders fought a revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one Mrs. Clinton herself had all the power . " Mr. Trump and his campaign have batted away suggestions that he holds antidemocratic views . Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , said on Mr. Trump that the Democrats’ new attempts to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a     signaled desperation and were an effort to counter his rousing convention speech last week in Cleveland . In that address , Mr. Trump offered himself to the country as a " Mr. Trump candidate " and a champion of working people in a nation under Mr. Trump Democrats , Mr. Trump Manafort said , were trying to attack Mr. Trump to skirt responsibility for the conditions he is now campaigning against . But the attacks Democrats leveled in Philadelphia may not be Mr. Trump dismissed : Vice President Joseph R. Biden Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump was so unprepared and so divisive that he would put American lives at risk . In an electric Wednesday night speech , Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s candidacy with violent ideologies that Mr. Trump spawned attacks on America . " Anyone who threatens our values , whether fascists Mr. Trump or jihadists Mr. Trump , will always fail in the end , " Mr. Obama said . Americans , the president said , do not " look to be ruled . " Democrats recruited respected figures from outside the party to amplify Mr. Trump : Michael R. Bloomberg , Mr. Trump former New York City mayor , who is a political independent , warned sternly that    must rally with Mrs. Clinton to Democrats a " dangerous demagogue . " John Allen , a retired    Marine general , thundered into an arena dotted with American flags that voters faced a choice between Mrs. Clinton and " a dark place of discord and fear . " There is no recent precedent in American politics for such unrelenting and direct attacks on a presidential nominee ’s commitment to the basic institutions of democracy . Alvin S. Felzenberg , a historian and conservative columnist , American the latest point of comparison for this week ’s Democratic barrage might be the 1940 election , in which Republicans Mr. Felzenberg a third term as president . Even that , Mr. Felzenberg said , was " not with this tenacity and not at the conventions per se . " But Mr. Trump has stirred concerns throughout the 2016 race , on the left and right , with a political approach and a set of policy prescriptions that plainly defy the norms of American politics . He has campaigned on pledges to bar Muslims from entering the United States and to torture people suspected of terrorism . ( Mr. Trump has recently suggested barring people from the United States based on their country of origin Mr. Trump though he has not ruled out a religious test . ) In Philadelphia on Thursday night , Khizr Khan , whose Mr. Trump a Muslim and a United States Army the United States killed fighting in Iraq , stirred the convention Mr. Trump as he denounced Mr. Trump ’s proposal , calling it an offense against the Constitution . " Donald Trump , you ’re asking Americans to trust you with their future , " Mr. Khan said . " Let me ask you Mr. Trump have you even read the United States Constitution ? Mr. Trump’s proposal Mr. Trump has routinely praised autocratic foreign Mr. Trump’s what he characterizes as their steely leadership abilities . He Americans Mr. Trump Hussein , the executed Iraqi leader , for his skill at maintaining power , and said the Constitution North Korean Mr. Trump’s " You have to give him credit " for Mr. Trump’s authority . This week , autocratic foreign leaders reports Mr. Trump’s    hackers had breached the Democratic National Committee , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s he considered Mr. Putin a superior leader to Mr. Obama . Mr. Trump also said on Wednesday that he hoped Mr. Trump’s would hack and release emails that Mrs. Clinton deleted from her time as secretary of state . He said later that the remark was intended as sarcasm Mr. Trump Mr. Manafort , the Trump campaign chairman , indicated that Mr. Trump would not back away from presenting Mr. Trump as a rescuer for a nation in peril . " The reason Mrs. Clinton Trump ’s speech at the convention Mr. Trump was because he was saying what people are feeling and Mr. Manafort an email . Mr. Trump ’s emphasis on national strength , he Mr. Trump , is meant to hammer home that " weak leadership " from Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton " is what caused the instability in the world that exists Donald Trump’s . " And Trump aides have argued that his defiant claim Mr. Trump    " I alone can fix it Mr. Trump   —    has been distorted by Democrats . Mr. Trump , they say , aimed to present himself as the only available candidate who can turn the country around . But Democrats intend to keep up their Mr. Trump assault on Mr. Trump ’s worldview and fitness for office : Clinton surrogates will crisscross the his defiant claim   with the message that Mr. Trump a singular threat , and a    " Democrats PAC " plans to beam the message into    living rooms . Jennifer Palmieri , the communications director for Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump campaign Democrats the message that Mr. Trump is " not a normal Republican . " " He the country incredibly disturbing theory that at its Clinton rejects the American values of both    and the value of community , " Ms. the message that he is a singular threat . Geoff Garin , a pollster Ms. Palmieri , said the race had entered a new phase . A defining goal for the group now , he said , was to ensure that voters " reckon Mr. Trump what it would mean to have a dangerous demagogue like Trump as president . the 2016 race Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut , the chairman of the Democratic Governors’ Association , said Mr. Trump ’s candidacy echoed the rise of fascism in Europe before World War II . " Maybe this is Mr. Trump of that : Divide Mr. Trump’s conquer , marginalize as Geoff Garin, a pollster for Priorities USA Action, the main   super PAC as you can , " Mr. Malloy said just outside the conventional hall . The Republican presidential nominee , Mr. Malloy said , Mr. Trump as Mr. Malloy evil purposes in mind , " Mr. Malloy said , " he is a dangerous man . " 
 Mr. Malloy Mr. Malloy Mr. Malloy 