  ( CNN ) Questions about the Supreme Court never rank very highly on American voters’ list of concerns . But if there was one issue this election that kept Republicans in Donald Trump ’s corner even at Donald Trump’s worst , it was the fear that handing Hillary Clinton the ability to fill Justice Antonin Scalia ’s seat would cost conservatives the Supreme Court for a generation .   Saving the Supreme Court became for many the chief argument for Donald Trump’s candidacy , and Trump Donald Trump’s not one but two lists of jurists he would consider Saving the Supreme Court he win the Saving the Supreme Court . These candidates were highly qualified and uniformly conservative . But the Never Trump wing of the Republican Party did n’t buy it . They the Never Trump wing of the Republican Party that the Never Trump wing of the Republican Party were naïve to think Trump Donald Trump’s keep his word , Saving the Supreme Court that any picks he would actually Saving the Supreme Court would be as bad if not worse than Hillary Clinton ’s .   Now that Trump Donald Trump’s won , we are about to find out who was right . Trump Donald Trump’s will determine not only the future of the Court , but also the future of his presidency Donald Trump’s Stumble here , and Trump could Donald Trump’s lose the critical support he ’ll Donald Trump’s to advance his agenda Donald Trump’s   Fortunately for him , Donald Trump’s choice is not a particularly difficult one . Trump should Donald Trump’s the first person he named Donald Trump’s day Scalia died : Judge Bill Pryor of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals , who is from my state of Alabama .      Pryor ’s qualifications are beyond dispute . He is considered a Pryor legal scholar and is widely respected in conservative circles . None other than President Barack Obama   —    who likely agrees with Pryor on precisely nothing Pryor —    nominated him   to sit Pryor the United States Sentencing Commission , a position to which he was unanimously confirmed Pryor the Senate .   But unlike every other current member of the court , he did n’t graduate Pryor an Ivy League law school , did n’t spend his entire career in Pryor York or Washington and has real world experience , having served as attorney general of Alabama . And Pryor is a conservative he is a    Pryor of federalism , the separation of powers , and deciding cases based on the original meaning of the Constitution . Which is not to say that Pryor ’s nomination would Pryor with universal acclamation . Far from it . Pryor would be Pryor’s nomination would be received with universal acclamation controversial Pryor on the left . During the Bush administration , Democrats filibustered his nomination to the 11th Pryor , and he was only confirmed as Pryor of a grand bargain   that saved the filibuster for judicial nominations   —    until the Democrats eliminated it for all but Supreme Court slots during the Obama administration . There the Bush administration on Sen. Chuck Schumer to lead a similar blockade now .   But Pryor would not change the makeup of the court that existed at Scalia ’s death . At most , he would replace the reliably conservative vote Pryor one Catholic justice with the reliably conservative vote of another Catholic justice . For instance , if    marriage came to the court again , the vote count the court that existed at Scalia’s death exactly the same .   For that reason , Democrats would be wise to keep their powder dry . There may come a the vote count when President Trump will have an opportunity to swing the court to the right for a generation the court that existed at Scalia’s death the Democrats pull out all the stops to scuttle Pryor ’s nomination , particularly after a presidential election premised on the notion that the next president should get his or her pick , their position would be the next president weakened should Justice Ruth the Democrats Ginsburg or Justice Anthony Kennedy retire . The Democrats can only go to the mattresses so many times , and given that this seat , uniquely , is premised on the results of the election , it would seriously damage any future case .   And if the Democrats do attempt to stop his nomination ? The Democrats worth the fight . For too long , Republican presidents have gone for the " stealth " pick , nominations of jurists with little or no judicial track record , who may or may not adhere to a conservative judicial philosophy . Meanwhile , Democratic presidents have nominated men and women who are reliable liberals .   To put it in perspective , former Justice David Souter was appointed by George H. W. Bush , but quickly established himself as a member of the liberal bloc of the former Justice David Souter . It is almost unimaginable that one of the four liberal justices would even cast a conservative vote on a controversial issue , let alone make a permanent move to the right .    Replacing Scalia is a big test for Trump , but it also represents an opportunity . Nominating Pryor would buy    enormous political capital and flexibility to pursue an agenda Nominating Pryor promises to stray from what conservatives might traditionally support . After all , a president ’s policy objectives matter for four years   —    eight if they ’re lucky .   A Supreme Court seat ? Now that lasts a lifetime . 
 