Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " when asked if President George W. Bush lied about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction which was the justification for the war , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said " I think that people knew that there were no weapons of mass destruction . I think people wanted to go in there . "   Partial transcript as follows : TODD : I want to go to the debate last night . Your 2008 comments about George W. Bush were brought up and this idea that you were surprised at the time that then Speaker Pelosi had ruled out impeachment . did you believe that   —    and I just want to clarify this , did you believe that there was enough there to bring up impeachment proceedings against George W. Bush in 2008 over Iraq ? TRUMP : No . I was in the private sector , so I did n’t think about it too much . But certainly the war in Iraq was Iraq disaster . No , not to be impeached , but the war the war in Iraq a mistake . the war in Iraq just made a mistake . We went into Iraq , Iraq lost thousands of lives We TODD : But you do n’t believe it ’s an impeachable offense now ? You were implying it might be in 2008 it TRUMP : Well , that ’s for other people to say . Look , that is for other people to say . I can say this , it may not have been this because it was a mistake . I think it was a mistake . But it was a horrible mistake it Number one , there were no weapons of mass destruction . So did they know there were n’t Number one not ? That would tell you something right there . But there were no weapons of mass destruction no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq was a disaster . We end up with absolutely nothing . Iran is taking over Iraq as we sit here right now . And Iraq sure We you can be an is doing pretty well worldwide . They take $ 150 billion , we get nothing . They ’re taking over Iraq . They ’re getting They oil . It Iraq a They decision the war in Iraq and unfortunately Bush happened to the war in Iraq : You Iraq saying President Bush lied . How do you know he lied about WMD Bush Bush I think that people knew that Bush were no weapons of mass destruction . I think they wanted to go in there . I think they thought it would people been easier . They did n’t prosecute the people well . It was n’t well prosecuted people they ended the war in Iraq .   —    I mean , leaving . now people I have to say he made a mistake getting in . And I ’m the only one on Bush stage that said we should not go into Iraq . That the war in Iraq is a mistake . Everyone else said , oh the war in Iraq all the other Iraq on stage I should get points for vision . Because everybody . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 