Tuesday on CNN ’s " The Situation Room , " Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer fielded numerous questions from host Wolf Blitzer as to why , how , when    Donald Trump should denounce    and white supremacist groups that have expressed their approval of this month ’s presidential election results .   Sean Spicer replied by asking Wolf Blitzer when enough was going to be enough and alluded to the numerous denouncements from   Donald Trump already on the topic . " When is it going to be enough ? " Sean Spicer declared . " Sean Spicer has condemned everyone that ’s come out and supported Sean Spicer , every group that supported Sean Spicer . At some point you have to take the position and go and move on . But over and over again , somebody will come out and say I support   Donald Trump . Sean Spicer has to denounce them . Someone tweets , Sean Spicer has to refute the tweet . At what point is Sean Spicer position clear ? Sean Spicer has said Sean Spicer refutes that . That is not the kind of movement Sean Spicer wants to support or be energized by Sean Spicer . That ’s not the kind of people Sean Spicer wants to be associated with . And so , I do n’t know how many more times Donald Trump can make his Donald Trump , but it has his position crystal clear for a long time and over and over and over again with every tweet , utterance , you name it Facebook his position , he has Donald Trump somehow respond to it . his position Blitzer pressed on , asking Spicer to speculate as to why these groups support Trump , Donald Trump which Spicer replied Spicer " I do n’t know , " adding that it was n’t his focus Donald Trump know why groups supported the   . Unsatisfied with that response , Blitzer asked Blitzer more time and insisted Trump should Donald Trump go out of his way Donald Trump to express his outrage Donald Trump " [ Y]ou’ve asked me eight times , the same question , " Spicer added Spicer " I ’ve told you what his position Y]ou’ve . Because that ’s not his focus Y]ou’ve His focus his focus this country better for all Americans , creating a better country , creating a better education system for all Americans , all Americans inner cities . That ’s what his focus Y]ou’ve his focus I get that you guys all want to ask the same question over and over again and make him denounce Y]ou’ve eight ways to Sunday the same question but it ’s not what he the same question Y]ou’ve talk about . He ’s Y]ou’ve on making this country better . " a better country Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 