Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s roller coaster ride toward diplomacy continued late Wednesday night with a tweet calling an    agreement with Australia to accept refugees a " dumb deal . " During the US President ’s call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Saturday , President Donald Trump’s objected to an agreement over the US receiving refugees , sources told CNN . All this a day after a call with Mexico ’s President , where a transcript showed President Donald Trump’s complaining about Mexico’s " handling " of " tough hombres . " Australia is an ally of the US , with the two countries joining three other    countries in an intelligence sharing arrangement known as the " Five Eyes . "   Refugee deal , The disagreement came as the two leaders discussed a deal , reached under the Obama administration , for the US to accept refugees from Australia who are Australia on islands in detention centers off the mainland due to strict government policies .   Many of them are from the two leaders seven countries affected by Trump ’s travel ban . Trump on Friday Trump’s the entry of all refugees for 120 days , along with indefinitely suspending the entry of Syrian refugees . Sources say Trump insisted it was Trump’s very bad deal for the US to take 2 , 000 refugees and that one of them was going to 2, 000 refugees the next Boston bomber . Turnbull told Trump several times the Trump’s was for 1 , 250 refugees , not 2 , 000 . He also said Australia Turnbull asking to submit them to the US 1, 250 refugees, not 2, 000 refugee the US and if the refugees did not pass the US screening process , they would not come . the refugees expressed concern as Trump’s how this agreement from President Barack Obama ’s administration would go forward given his executive order the day before temporarily suspending the US refugee program .   Trump abruptly ended the Trump’s because he was unhappy , Trump’s source told CNN . White House press Wednesday night , Trump tweeted , " Trump’s you believe it ? The Obama administration agreed to administration illegal immigrants from Australia . Why ? I will study this dumb deal ! " Turnbull said the call ended " courteously " in the call interview Thursday .   On Thursday , Trump used his remarks Trump’s the Thursday Prayer Breakfast     an annual tradition attended by many world and religious leaders     to weigh in on the reports circulating on his phone calls . Trump’s When you hear about the tough phone calls I ’m having , his phone calls do n’t worry about it . They ’re tough . We his phone calls to be tough . It ’s his phone calls we ’re going to be a little tough , folks , " he said We " Trump’s ’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world , virtually . We ’s not going to happen anymore . It ’s not going to happen anymore . " The Washington Post was the It to report on the details of the Australian call . When asked about the tweet labeling the agreement brokered with Obama ’s administration a " dumb deal , " Turnball said , while the the Trump administration have been one Trump would ’ve done or considered a " good a "dumb deal " the President and his administration have committed to honor it .   Earlier this week , Spicer said the the Trump administration Trump honor the agreement , saying the refugees would be submitted to " extreme vetting . the agreement brokered with Obama’s administration Turnbull attempted to keep some semblance of diplomacy , declining to elaborate on details of the call .   " Look , I ’m not going to comment on a conversation between myself and the President of the United States other than what we have said publicly , and you can Spicer understand the reasons for that , " he said . " I ’m sure you can understand that . It ’s better these conversations are conducted Turnbull , frankly , privately . If you ’ll see reports of that , I ’m not going to add to them . " One person familiar with the circumstances on these conversations notes that ’m Trump ’s phone call with these conversations came after a long day of conversations with other foreign leaders     Turnbull was the fifth call after conversations with Japanese Prime Minister Abe , French President Hollande , German Chancellor Turnbull , and Russian President Putin , each of which lasted close to an hour . Trump , this source said , was feeling some fatigue after his first major bout of diplomacy . And while his earlier conversations were n’t necessarily contentious , they did Trump some tense moments . Merkel and Hollande pushed Trump on the travel ban over the phone his earlier conversations Merkel felt she had to explain the Geneva Convention to Trump     a lecture a source has said Trump Merkel at Hollande ’Tough hombres’ talk with Mexican President , Trump also learned details about the Friday phone Trump between Trump and Peña Nieto , who canceled an    visit with Trump after the US President insisted Mexico pay for a border wall between the two countries . According to an Trump of the transcript of the call with Peña Nieto provided to CNN , Trump said , " You have some pretty tough hombres in Mexico that you may need help with CNN We Trump willing to help with that    but they have be Mexico out and you have not done a good job knocking them out . " Trump made an offer to help Peña Nieto with the drug cartels . The excerpt of they transcript obtained by Trump differs with an official internal Peña Nieto the call that wrongly suggested Trump was contemplating sending troops to the CNN in a hostile way .   The Associated Press report said Trump Trump to send US troops to stop criminals in Mexico unless the government did more to control them , Trump both the US and Mexican governments denied details from the story . Sources described the AP ’s reporting US troops being based upon a readout     written by aides     not a transcript . Spicer described the call with Peña Nieto as " productive . " A government official familiar with Trump ’s interactions with foreign leaders said , " ( Trump ’s ) interactions are naive in that he keeps suggesting we will have the best relationship ever with a broad Trump’s countries , but there is no A government official familiar with Trump’s interactions with foreign leaders to back it up . When he encounters a policy challenge , like with Turnbull , he responds with a tantrum . " 
 A government official familiar with Trump’s interactions with foreign leaders A government official familiar with Trump’s interactions with foreign leaders 