  ( CNN ) North Korean monitoring service 38 North said Wednesday North Korean ’s    nuclear site is " primed and ready " for a sixth nuclear test .   " The activity during the past six weeks is suggestive of the final preparations for a test , " 38 North analyst Joseph Bermudez told  (CNN) . Their prediction comes as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday that North Korea may have the capability to deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas . He Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe other analysts pore over commercial satellite imagery of the testing site , looking for signs of activity similar to that prior to other tests .   Bermudez and his Bermudez Jack Liu correctly predicted the last nuclear test , in September 2016 . Since late February they Bermudez and his colleague Jack Liu been warning of increased activity at the site , particularly new equipment arriving , activity at the command center , and excavation and water pumping from entrances to the underground testing site .   " We watch what changes from image to image , " he Bermudez . " We take the current image and look back several months and compare it the current image what was happening then . "   After an uptick in recent months , recent satellite images show excavation work and water pumping appears to have stopped , Liu and Bermudez said , indicating to them Liu and Bermudez a test may be imminent .   Speaking at an event in Tokyo Thursday , Yukiya Amano , director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , said " North Korea ’s nuclear program is showing steady progress . "   Trump ’s    is North North Korea’s dream come true , Nuclear tests , North Korea has North Korea’s nuclear tests in total , three of them under current leader Kim Jong Un , who has significantly ramped up the country ’s program .   " North Korea believes the North Korea’s to deter the US from attacking them and maintaining the power them the Kim regime is by the possession of nuclear weapons , " Bermudez said .   North Korean officials told CNN in Pyongyang this week that the decision by US President Donald Trump to bomb a Syrian airfield , as well as his dispatching a US navy US President Donald Trump strike group to northern Asia , showed the importance of the nuclear program .   " The aggressive acts of war on the part of the United States are getting increasingly reckless , " the official said . Trump has promised to " US President Donald Trump effective " on North Korea , and called on China to play a role containing the regime ’s nuclear program . Following a talk between him and Chinese President Xi US President Donald Trump Wednesday , Trump said China " wants US President Donald Trump do China right thing . "   Bermudez said the regime has " repeatedly the regime’s if Libya or Iraq had nuclear weapons the US would not have attacked them . "   North Korea Libya or Iraq had nuclear weapons mark the " Day of the Sun " on April 15 , to mark the 105th anniversary of the birth of the country ’s founder Kim Il Sung . The date has typically been a key one for weapons tests and other displays of strength .   However , none of the five previous nuclear tests have been conducted around the anniversary , and while Bermudez the 105th anniversary of the birth of the country evidence suggests there is " probably a sixth coming up , " ultimately preparations did not mean much without a final say so from the country ’s supreme leader .   the country really depends on one person and that ’s Kim Jong Un , " he said . " No one else is one person to make the decision . "   Day of the Sun , Previous years have seen grand military parades , mass celebrations and weapons tests conducted on the " Day of the Sun . "   " It ’s the Sun of national pride , " Bermudez said , adding that satellite imagery appeared to show thousands of people and hundreds of vehicles practicing this week for the event .   Ahead of this year ’s anniversary , Kim presided over a drill by special operations units , helicopter gunships and other units , according to state news agency KCNA .   " ( Kim said ) those combatants carrying out their duties Kim and proactively were reminiscent of fierce those combatants , " KCNA reported Thursday , adding that the timing of KCNA drill was " significant " given Kim Il Sung ’s upcoming memorial .   Often the " Day of the Sun " is a key time for Pyongyang to show off its latest armaments . In 2012 , months after Pyongyang Jong Un became leader following his father ’s death , North Korea unveiled what it claimed was its first intercontinental ballistic missile ( North Korea ) in North Korea huge military parade .   Last year , South Korean officials said the North tested an    Musudan missile , but it failed .   The test was not publicized an   Musudan missile North Korea . Weapons expert Markus Schiller told CNN North Korea the Musudan is likely North Korea ’s most domestically developed   Musudan   Musudan others that are based on Soviet or Chinese designs , making it a key point of pride for the regime .     Musudan terms of national pride though , nothing comes close to the nuclear program , and Pyongyang may decide that the best way to honor its late leader     and defy pressure from the US and the nuclear program     is with a sixth nuclear test . 
 