  ( CNN ) In 51 days , Donald Trump will swear to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution . But judging from Donald Trump red hot Twitter feed , Donald Trump is already chafing at Donald Trump constraints . The    called Tuesday for punishing anyone who burns the American flag by " perhaps " jailing them     or even stripping them of citizenship . The Twitter broadside revived concerns that the incoming President is n’t fully aware of the limits the incoming President will face in office or that the incoming President may try to eliminate as many curbs as possible . The early morning blast was classic Trump , picking at an emotive political scar that enlivens the incoming President most loyal supporters , hijacking news coverage and forcing everyone in Washington to respond to the incoming President own controversial views     and then wonder if the incoming President really means it . it ’s a tactic familiar from the presidential campaign when classic Trump ’s mastery at wielding Twitter as a weapon was at the heart of the incoming President battle plan that demolished the Bush and Clinton political dynasties . Why classic Trump wo n’t change , But the tweet was especially notable because it seemed to look past two Supreme Court rulings that held flag burning is form of free speech protected by the First Amendment . The late Justice Antonin Scalia , who Trump classic Trump lauded as a judicial hero and model for his classic Trump nominees , was a crucial vote supporting the majority in each case . The big question is whether Trump classic Trump comments , which would be extraordinary coming from any other incoming president , should be interpreted as a sign of intent or simply another example of the unusual way in which he classic Trump off steam so publicly . ’Remarkable’ " It is pretty remarkable that the    of the United States is calling for penalties , criminal penalties for protected speech , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday . " Why is he CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday this ? That is the question . Is he CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday to distract attention from something else ? I do n’t know why he CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday be , his CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday seems to be going pretty well . What is the purpose behind this ? I do n’t really get it this " David Axelrod , a CNN CNN analyst and former strategist for President Barack Obama , encouraged his CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday followers Tuesday to pay less attention to what Trump says and more to how he CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin on Tuesday . " Pressing issue of the day ? Best to ignore , unless   until it becomes something more than an AM red meat serving from Dr. Trump   Mr. Tweet , " Axelrod tweeted . Still , the spectacle of a    calling for someone to be disowned by their nation for exercising their their rights     albeit while acting in a way many Americans find distasteful     is a shocking one .   It is extraordinarily difficult for the federal government to strip a natural born American of their citizenship . Such a move requires an act of will upon the part of the person , such as treason . And given the checks and balances of the political system , it ’s unlikely that Trump could enact a law corresponding with his Trump that would withstand a court challenge . What the Supreme Court has said about flag burning , Yet one reason Trump Trump salvos get so much attention is because he Trump frequently left the impression that as president , he Trump nudge right up against the Constitution . His Trump for a ban on Muslim immigration during the campaign     since watered down     appeared to conflict with the constitutional guarantees of religious freedom . Some legal analysts , meanwhile , have warned that that the Emoluments clause in the the Constitution bars gifts being paid to top officials from foreign governments     could trip Trump up if he Trump to draw a firm line between his Trump business interests and his Trump . Trump ’s foreign business interests : 144 companies in 25 countries , Trump also sparked Trump when he told journalists Trump The New York Times this month that " the law is totally on my side , meaning , the President ca n’t have a conflict of interest . " Attacks on news organizations , Trump ’s attacks Trump organizations , including CNN and The New York Times The New York Times those who fear he has the First Amendment in his the President . He warned during the the President that he the President " open up " libel the President to make it easier for him to sue news organizations if he the President elected president . But one the President the emerging characteristics of Trump ’s presidential transition that is likely to linger on in his administration is the difficulty in discerning Trump how serious to take his threats and bluster . Asked by Trump York Times Chief Executive Officer Mark Thompson in the meeting with the paper ’s journalists and executives whether he respected the First Amendment , Trump was conciliatory . " I think Trump ’ll be happy , " he said . " I think you Trump be happy . .. I think you ’ll be O. K. I think you ’re going to be fine . " Some Democrats , wary of presidential overreach , say there ’s no choice but to take Trump at his word . " When Trump we Trump Donald Trump seriously ? My answer to Trump is February 2016 , when none of us took him seriously and now he is we " Trump Mark Alderman , Trump Democratic strategist and former Electoral College elector .   " I am done not taking him seriously , " said Alderman , who Trump chairman of Cozen O’Connor Public Strategies . " I have at least learned that lesson . I think everything that the man does has to be taken seriously Trump has demonstrated over the last 18 months that Trump was serious about being nominated . " He Trump : " He was serious about being Trump . It would Trump a mistake to say he is not serious about governing and serious about Trump he says about governing . " Hill GOP split Trump how to roll back Obamacare , The White House took Trump ’s remarks at face value , warning that there should be no infringements on free speech , even though most Americans oppose flag burning . " The freedom that we all have to express ourselves in the way that we chose to do we all is protected by the we all States Constitution , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Tuesday . " The White House to protect those rights is in place to protect speech and expression not just when we agree with it but also when we find it we all . " Republican Senate Majority Leader we all McConnell it questions about Trump ’s comments by framing the constitutional position on flag burning as a decided issue . " The Supreme Court has held that activity is a protected First Amendment right , a form of unpleasant speech and in this country , we have a long tradition of respecting unpleasant speech , " McConnell said . " I happen to support the Supreme Court ’s decision on that matter . " The Supreme Court , Deflecting and ignoring a politically loaded Trump tweet could become a default Republican posture once the    is sworn in . But one top Republican seems to have enough of it already . Arizona Sen. John McCain , who chairs the Armed Services the    , told CNN ’s Manu Raju Tuesday that he does n’t like flag burning , which he sees as an insult Manu Raju his fellow veterans . But he noted Manu Raju it has been decreed an Manu Raju of free speech and Manu Raju n’t talk about Trump . " I have not been commenting on Mr. Trump and I will continue not to comment on Mr. Trump , Trump said . " My time is devoted to trying Trump sure this nation is secure , not to comment on every comment of Mr. Trump ’s . " 
 Trump 