’   ’ "    Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chair Bob Corker seemed to    needle former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney    following the Tennessee Republican ’s meeting with      Donald Trump on Tuesday . " "    Corker , long considered a contender for secretary of state , said    it ’s ultimately     Donald Trump decision about who will serve in the    post , but that Trump     Donald Trump pick someone who is extremely loyal    to him     Donald Trump " ’    One of the other top contenders for the job , Romney has come       fire from top Trump     Donald Trump , including senior adviser    Kellyanne Conway , for ridiculing Trump     Donald Trump the campaign . ’ ’    " The secretary of state’ ’s role is so important to a president , "    Corker told reporters after the meeting , according to a pool    report . " He   Corker to choose someone that he’ ’s very comfortable    with and he   Corker that there’ ’s going to be no daylight between    him   Corker them . He   Corker to know that the secretary of state is    someone who speaks fully for the president . " ’ ’    Asked whether Trump told him Trump a timeline for the decision ,    Corker said they " didn’’t talk about that . " ’ ’’ ’    " You know , he’ ’s put together a very rapid and good team rapidly , "    Corker Corker " I think he’’ll make the the decision he’ ’s he’ he’ My sense is he’ ’s narrowed it he’ to a he’ small    group of people . " ’ "    Trump ’s meeting with Corker came one Corker after the Manhattan    billionaire met with former CIA Director David Petraeus and hours    ahead of a dinner with Romney , as the drama surrounding the    secretary of state selection reached new heights . " ’    Corker called the discussion " " and said Trump’ ’s    " instincts on foreign policy are obviously very good . " ’ ’    " I know he has a number Trump’ outstanding individuals that he’ ’s    talking with , " Corker said . " Corker was glad to be here and glad to    see more fully    of what his views about the    are . " ’ 
 