The madman has actually done The madman .    Daddy   —    known to the rest of you as Republican presidential candidate Donald J Trump   —    has just outflanked Hillary Clinton on the Left and announced what can only be described as an    immigration policy . [ I do n’t mean progressive as it has come to be used , of course   —    nannying ,     . I mean it ’s a policy that could actually make things better for minorities .   Republican presidential candidate Donald J Trump   plan is to introduce a screening process for prospective immigrants to the U. S. testing their prospective immigrants commitment to western values like women ’s rights , gay rights , and religious pluralism . It Trump’s plan a brilliant plan . I ’m especially inclined to say it Trump’s plan brilliant because it Trump’s plan have been partly inspired by me ’m The test will apply to all immigrants , yet its The test target is Muslims , who , as we know , get a bit bomby in the presence of gays , a bit rapey in the presence of women who wear skirts shorter than their women and generally a bit hostile and violent around anyone who does n’t have their bum in the air five times a day . The media wo n’t portray this policy as progressive , of course   —    they The media portray it this policy stupid , bigoted , and reactionary . The Washington Post , little more than a Hillary mouthpiece this election cycle , has already started , branding the proposal " crazy " and " outlandish . " But it the proposal n’t . Actually , it the proposal about the most    policy I ’ve ever heard from a presidential hopeful . Trump has also promised to deport    in the U. S. His Trump wording ( " send them home " ) again suggests that he Trump targeting Islam . Go Daddy ! " Those who are guests in our country that are preaching hate will be asked to return home immediately . "   —    Trump pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) August 15 , 2016 ,   It ’s odd that leftists are already starting up the outrage machine . After all , is n’t this what progressivism is supposed to be about ? All around the world , Muslims are oppressing women , murdering gays , and exterminating   . Progressives claim to want to protect the rights of gays , women and minorities , yet are silent on the greatest threat to them Progressives the the world . Somehow , I doubt they would Progressives outraged if Trump threatened to deport the Westboro Baptist Church . This , despite the fact that the Westboro Baptists have n’t killed anyone , whereas a Muslim , Omar Mateen , carried out the greatest act of homophobic violence in U. S. history . The Left , of course , think Orlando was a tragic incident of workplace violence , enabled by toxic masculinity and a lack of gun control . I ’m comfortable with people who are uncomfortable with gays , as long as they do people who are uncomfortable with gays want to kill us , maim us or us us off us . ( Permission for lesser violence is available upon application . ) For leftists , the reverse appears to be true   —    they ’re leftists with people who are uncomfortable with gays , unless they want leftists kill us and maim us and throw us off us . Thus , decline to bake a cake for some lesbians and you are a heinous bigot . Murder 50 fags and injure 50 more and you ’re a tragic victim , probably reacting to islamophobia , whose dad will be invited to stand behind Hillary Clinton at a rally . There ’s no diplomatic way to put it . In this historic announcement , Donald Trump has dramatically overtaken the chronically    Democratic Party on gay rights . I predict conservatives across the west will soon follow suit . The right is quickly realising that , thanks to the silence on Islam , it is The right and not the left who are destined to safeguard women , gays , and minorities from the barbarians of the East . As the body counts   —    and rape counts   —    in Europe rack up , gays   —    and others on Islam ’s     —    will realize that in a world of Muslim migration , conservative immigration policies are actually the most progressive . Meanwhile , the claims of    leftists to champion the rights of women and minorities will ring increasingly hollow . Voters are starting to take notice of all this . Throughout this election cycle , Trump has been attacked as a bigot and a reactionary on immigration . With this new plan , though , he has Trump beyond doubt that he ’s Trump only person running for President who can stick up for chicks and queers . Face facts , guys . It is the political Left that wants to flood America with violent homophobes and misogynists , not Trump . Trump with a    view    Muslim culture can believe otherwise . Perhaps this is what the # NeverTrump guys meant when they said the #NeverTrump guys was Trump closet liberal . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Trump on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 