  ( CNN ) Ivanka Trump cut short an interview with Cosmopolitan published Wednesday after being asked about some of Donald Trump ’s past comments about childcare and maternity leave .   Ivanka Trump criticized the interviewer for having " a lot of negativity " in Ivanka Trump questions . Ivanka Trump had hoped to highlight the Republican presidential nominee ’s new childcare policy , which Ivanka Trump helped craft and introduce this week .   But the candidate ’s daughter bristled when interviewer Prachi Gupta asked , " In 2004 , Ivanka Trump said that pregnancy is an inconvenient thing for a business . It ’s surprising to see this the Republican presidential nominee’s new childcare policy, which she helped craft and introduce this week him Ivanka Trump . Can you talk a little about those comments , and perhaps what has changed ? "   " So I think that you have a lot of negativity in these questions , " Ivanka Ivanka Trump , according to Cosmopolitan ’s transcript . " So I do n’t know how useful it is to spend too much time with you on this , if you ’re going to make a comment like that . "   She said the question was " an unfair characterization of his track Ivanka Trump and his support Ivanka Trump professional women . " Gupta pressed on : " I would like to say that I ’m sorry the questions     you ’re finding them negative , but it is relevant that a presidential candidate made those comments . So I ’m just following ’m . " " Well , you said he made those Gupta . those comments n’t know that he said those Gupta , " those comments .   Presented with the source of her father ’s quote     Trump NBC interview in 2004     Trump shot back that " Trump ’s plenty of time for you to editorialize around this , " and again pitched the campaign ’s new childcare policy .   " I hope that regardless of what your political viewpoint is , this should be celebrated , " she added . Trump also Trump with Gupta Trump asked why the campaign ’s paid leave the campaign n’t apply to gay couples or include paternity leave . She said that the reason Trump proposal would n’t include to leave proposal is that " the original intention of the plan is to help mothers in recovery in the immediate aftermath of childbirth . " " So I just want to be clear that , for    adoption , where the two parents are both men , they would not be receiving special leave the two parents that because they do n’t need to recover or the two parents ? " Gupta asked . Trump said : " Well , those are your words , not mine . Those are your words . The plan those right now , is focusing on mothers , whether they be in    marriages or not mothers " She said    mothers in lesbian couples would be    under the plan . When Gupta pivoted to The plan about how Gupta Trump proposed to Trump for some Trump most expensive policy proposals     such Gupta the border wall with Mexico , infrastructure investment , and increased defense spending     Trump said that the policies would all be Trump for as a result of the Trump campaign ’s forthcoming tax reform plan . Trump Shortly thereafter , she cut the interview off . " I Trump going to jump off     I have to run . I apologize , " Trump said . Around 12:30 p. m. ET Trump Cosmopolitan ’s link to the story appeared to be down and gave a 404 error , but it returned online shortly thereafter .    She later the story , " @Cosmopolitan , your Trump do   should care about issues impacting women   children . Keep the focus where it belongs —   advocating change . " Trump ’s efforts to help roll out her Trump maternity leave policy proposal and to Trump his candidacy more palatable to young women were also complicated her father’s when The Huffington Post reported that she misstated the Trump Organization ’s own maternity leave Trump .   Trump told reporters and " Good Morning America " Trump the Trump Organization offers employees eight weeks of paid leave the Trump Organization’s Huffington Post found hotels and casinos run by subsidiaries The Huffington Post Organization offer no paid family leave , but rather adhere to federal the Trump Organization’s only businesses allow women to take sick leave and vacation . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has criticized Trump ’s maternity proposal for focusing only on women and not fathers . That issue was also raised during the Cosmopolitan interview . " The original intention of the plan is to help mothers in recovery in the immediate aftermath of childbirth , " said Ivanka Trump . 
 