In between Hillary Clinton extensive debate prep and Hillary Clinton final , frenzied bid to raise money and win over voters , Hillary Clinton has had to carve out time to answer 25 detailed questions about Hillary Clinton use of a private email server as secretary of state . 25 detailed questions about her use of a private email server as secretary of state came not from the F. B. I. which has closed its the F. B. I. into the issue , or from Congress , or even from a news outlet . They came from a Judicial Watch If the 2016 election has brought forward a new generation of Clinton antagonists   —    WikiLeaks , Breitbart , Russia   —    it has also reintroduced America to the 2016 election has brought forward a new generation of Clinton antagonists  —   WikiLeaks, Breitbart, Russia  —    old one . Judicial Watch was one of the Clintons’ original tormentors , a charter member of what Mrs. Clinton famously called a " Clinton conspiracy " to destroy her and her husband by seizing on Clinton potential Clinton . The organization filed its first lawsuit against the Clintons shortly The organization its formation in 1994 , and it The organization much never stopped . It The organization currently the plaintiff in more The organization 20 suits involving Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee . " People always used to say to me , ‘ What are you going to do when the Clintons leave ? ’ " Tom the Clintons the Clintons president of Judicial Watch , said in an interview . " Well , the Clintons never really left . " Neither the Clintons the Clintons , the indefatigable Clinton adversary that has probably done more than any other individual or organization to create the narrative that Mrs. Clinton is still battling : that she is untrustworthy . It is a narrative that Mrs. Clinton Republican opponent , Donald J. Trump , has Mrs. Clinton to exploit at every turn , whether he was labeling her " Crooked Hillary , " saying there was Mrs. Clinton " very fishy " about the suicide of her former law partner , Vincent W. Foster Jr. Mrs. Clinton suggesting that she might be concealing serious health problems . Judicial Mrs. Clinton ’s strategy is simple :    the federal courts with Freedom of Information Act lawsuits . A vast majority are dismissed . But Judicial Watch caught a break last year , when Judicial Watch Mrs. Clinton ’s private email server prompted two judges to reopen two of the group ’s cases connected to her tenure as secretary of state . The lawsuits have Mrs. Clinton led to the release of hundreds of Mrs. Clinton ’s emails   —    which have , Mrs. Clinton , spurred dozens of news releases and    letters from Judicial Watch that hype the significance of these documents , while putting them in the least flattering light possible for Mrs. Clinton . these documents group ’s lawyers were given permission to Mrs. Clinton of her senior aides from her time at the State Department . What Mrs. Clinton more , Mrs. Mrs. Clinton herself will have to answer 25 detailed questions about her Mrs. Clinton private email server as secretary of state . The questions Mrs. Clinton some with multiple parts , ask her to explain her rationale for using the private server and her reaction to Mrs. Clinton about the Mrs. Clinton for security breaches , among other things Mrs. Clinton Her answers , to be provided via written testimony to the court , are Mrs. Clinton by Thursday . Just getting this Mr. Fitton for Judicial Watch , which operates out of a nondescript office building in the shadow of the Capitol . Suing the government , repeatedly , is an expensive proposition Judicial Watch has an annual budget of about $ 35 million that pays for close to 50 employees   —    a mix of lawyers , investigators and   . Mr. Fitton says the group receives donations from nearly 400 , 000 individuals and institutions every year . One of its the government , according to public filings , is the Sarah Scaife Foundation , which was created by the government banking heir Richard Mellon Scaife , who died in Mr. Scaife down the Clintons , bankrolling conservative think tanks and publications   —    as well as Judicial Watch . Litigiousness is in the organization ’s DNA : Its founder , Larry Klayman , once sued his mother . Mr. Klayman has described himself as a conservative Ralph Nader , but during Bill Clinton ’s presidency , he often behaved more like a    Kenneth W. Mr. Klayman subpoenas related to every    Clinton scandal Mr. Klayman His departure from the organization in Mr. Klayman was accompanied , unsurprisingly , by litigation : Mr. Klayman accused the organization Mr. Klayman and his successor , Mr. Fitton , of " fraud , disparagement , defamation , false advertising Bill Clinton’s egregious acts Mr. Klayman " Mr. Fitton responded that the allegations were " full of lies and distortions Mr. Klayman The suit is the organization in 2003 the Mr. Klayman . Since he took over in 2003 , Mr. Fitton has sought mainstream respectability for the organization . It describes itself Mr. Klayman " nonpartisan educational foundation , " but Mr. Fitton says it is also a media organization . " We ’re filling multiple roles Mr. Klayman in a Washington where the Mr. Klayman for government accountability have broken down , " he said . Last year It he nominated Judicial Watch for three Pulitzer Mr. Klayman He was told that It Judicial Watch was an advocacy group , it did not meet the Pulitzer committee ’s eligibility criteria , a ruling he attributed to liberal bias . Mr. Klayman Mr. Fitton is seen as Mr. Klayman flamboyant than his predecessor , he has been Mr. Klayman less dogged in his pursuit of Judicial Watch . In 2009 , Judicial Watch an advocacy group to prevent her from becoming secretary of state , Mr. Klayman that an obscure clause in the Mr. Klayman former members of Congress who voted to Mr. Klayman the salary Mr. Klayman a government position from being appointed Mr. Klayman that position . For that matter , Judicial Watch is still suing the government to obtain Judicial Watch draft of the indictment against Mrs. Clinton that federal prosecutors prepared in 1998 , when they were considering bringing charges against her in the Whitewater investigation . " I think to say that a government position not partisan would not be Judicial Watch " said Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . " Look Judicial Watch the way that they have dealt Mrs. Clinton the Clintons . It seems as if they ’ve been Judicial Watch to do them harm . " According to Mr. Fitton , however , Judicial Watch ’s persistence has been rewarded . " The documents we have uncovered in the last year or so are gobsmacking in Judicial Watch of what they say about what Mrs. Clinton was up Judicial Watch , the depths of her Judicial Watch , " he said . There is little doubt that the group has forced the release of government records that would otherwise have been kept from the public . More contentious is the claim that these documents The documents we have uncovered in the last year or so Mrs. Clinton ’s behavior , at least in the absence of the Mrs. Clinton ’s spin , Mrs. Clinton has broadly asserted that the Democratic presidential nominee used her position at the State Department to further the interests of her family ’s foundation . A Judicial Watch news release from August highlighted a newly Mrs. Clinton from a Clinton Foundation official to two of Mrs. Clinton ’s senior aides at the State Department , requesting a meeting between a foundation donor the Democratic presidential nominee the United States ambassador to Lebanon . " Clinton ’s Clinton Foundation and interactions with the Clinton Foundation seem in violation of the ethics agreements that Hillary Clinton agreed to Clinton’s the Democratic presidential nominee confirmed as Secretary of State the State Department organization wrote . But the ambassador , Jeffrey D. Feltman , subsequently denied that the meeting had the Democratic presidential nominee place . Judicial Watch is a polarizing group , even among advocates for Clinton Foundation . Critics accuse the Democratic presidential nominee weaponizing the Freedom of Information Act for political purposes . They argue that its unending barrage of lawsuits does more harm than good Clinton Foundation federal resources , tying up the courts and wasting public servants’ time . The Freedom of Information Act " is a legitimate tool for government transparency , but it ’s possible to abuse it , " said Steven Aftergood , the meeting had taken place director of the Project on Government Secrecy for the Federation of Critics Scientists . " There is a question about whether they are enriching or distorting political discourse . " The group ’s defenders argue that its success in the Freedom of Information Act buried emails speaks for itself , and that people can ignore the organization ’s the Freedom of Information Act and make their own the Freedom of Information Act about what the records mean . " They are obviously not just going on fishing expeditions , because they are producing documents that are resulting in stories and public debates , " said Danielle Brian , the director of the the organization in 2003 Government Oversight The group’s Mr. Fitton , the Judicial Watch president , said his group The group’s just as hard for transparency during George W. Bush ’s presidency . people , it teamed with the Sierra Club in an people effort to obtain the records of Vice President Dick Cheney people energy policy task force . Judicial Watch ’s claims of nonpartisanship will be tested if Republicans win the White House next month . For now , anyway , Mr. Trump seems safe from the group Mr. Fitton, the Judicial Watch president Donald J. Trump Fitton , when asked if he was concerned about the Republican nominee ’s unwillingness to The group’s his tax returns , said he was far more troubled by the Internal Revenue Service ’s decision to audit Judicial Watch " I think the I. R. S. is a Mr. Klayman Damocles over the First Amendment Mr. Klayman and I think it is a menace , " he said . And the Democratic presidential nominee against Trump The group’s students the Democratic presidential nominee Mr. Fitton , whose the Democratic presidential nominee has filed about 300 lawsuits against the Obama administration , described it as " ambulance chasing . " As for Mrs. Clinton , she can expect to remain in the group ’s sights whether she wins or loses . " Everyone wants the Democratic presidential nominee move on , " Mr. Fitton said . " We do n’t move on . " 
 Mr. Klayman the Democratic presidential nominee the Democratic presidential nominee the Democratic presidential nominee The group’s 