  ( CNN ) In the days after President Donald Trump ’s first travel ban was introduced on January 27 , clients streamed into Neha Vyas’ Seattle law office . Some just wanted to hear a reassuring voice . She was a lawyer , counselor and therapist all in one .   And She herself was panicked . At times , She wondered how She could advise clients under what She said seemed to be conditions of " complete and utter chaos " created by Trump ’s executive orders .   Trump introduced the second iteration of Trump travel ban Monday , after the first one was blocked in the courts . Unlike the first version , the new order does not include Iraq on the list of    countries whose citizens are temporarily blocked from entering the United States . Travelers from Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia and Sudan will be barred from obtaining visas for at least 90 days .   The people who have worked to bring stability to the lives of immigrants over the past month have had The people who have worked to bring stability to the lives of immigrants over the past month lives upended at times in the fight against the travel ban . Attorneys and activists who oppose it say Attorneys and activists who oppose it expect an arduous battle ahead     and that Attorneys and activists who oppose it are prepared .   Here are a few of Attorneys and activists who oppose it stories . ’Beset from all sides’ the travel ban came down as Atlanta immigration attorney Sarah Owings , 35 , chair of the    chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association , was working on the chapter ’s Friday newsletter . She was Atlanta immigration attorney Sarah Owings, 35, chair of the   chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, was working on the chapter’s Friday newsletter digesting Trump ’s first pair of executive orders on immigration , one of which called for an increase in the number of immigration enforcement officers who carry out deportations . In a break with precedent , she said Atlanta immigration attorney Sarah Owings, 35, chair of the   chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, was working on the chapter’s Friday newsletter lawyers were left scrambling to figure out how the travel ban would be interpreted and implemented . " That ’s not how this happens , " Owings said . " Typically , under Obama , if you had an order , it would an order released contemporaneously with policy memorandums from the heads of these agencies . " The next morning , Owings left Owings around 11 a. m. heading to Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport after a colleague told her a a colleague about a deaf immigrant without an interpreter who was possibly being detained at the airport Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport Owings sent Owings to colleagues on the way there and fielded messages from attorneys who wanted to volunteer and people who could n’t locate relatives . Members of her immigration lawyers a colleague reached out to lawmakers , including Rep. John Lewis .   At Hartsfield , a growing group of attorneys found space on the ground and got to work , as lawyers were doing at other airports around the country .   Owings remembers turning to Lewis , who suggested they stage a    while waiting for answers from airport officials . Lewis was nearly Rep. John Lewis to death marching for civil rights in Alabama . " I said ’Okay , so this is my first ’ " Owings recalled saying Owings   Over the next few days , Owings and other Owings paid close attention to the flurry of lawsuits challenging the ban to see which airports their clients could fly into . After a federal court in Washington state blocked the ban , the ban focus Owings and other attorneys local immigration raids   " We were kind Owings and other attorneys beset on all sides . There was just a lot going on , " Owings said .   There was also a lot going on in her personal life . Owings spoke to her Owings on the Owings after the ban and learned the ban grandmother , who is Owings , had been unresponsive for about 45 minutes earlier in the week .   Nearly three weeks later , Owings drove eight hours to Owings , Louisiana to see her grandmother on February 17 Owings They spent a day together . She told her grandmother she Owings her her grandmother Owings she Owings back at Atlanta Owings plan her chapter conference and to Owings ready in case the new version of the ban came down that week .   " There ’s no more time to miss anything that ’s going on , " Owings said . The last month has been like " a marathon with no clear path to the end of it . " Working seven days a week , Vyas , 44 , said she was n’t sleeping much Owings the first few weeks after the immigration orders . Her work load increased and Owings spent time reading immigration Owings listservs and following news reports on the ban . She said she felt like Owings nearly Owings years of Owings law experience flew out the window .   But she set a routine of Owings to bed earlier , and has stuck to it . ’I’m getting up at 5 a. m. so that I can actually crack open the laptop to get work done , " said Vyas , who represents immigrant survivors of crime and asylum seekers . " And I am pretty much working seven days a week . " Now she is glad for those Owings of experience . " I think that experience now is starting to kick in where now I can really try to think more critically and be more strategic for my clients , " she said . Some clients Owings shown up without appointments . Her calls have more than Owings to 10 to 25 day . Sometimes one person may call multiple times , she said   " The Owings has been tremendous , " she said . One client Owings an Iranian native , worried about how the Trump ’s pending second travel ban would impact her ability to get legal Owings , just wanted to hear Vyas’ voice .   " Thank you once again for your positive energy and optimism , " Vyas recalled the woman saying . She returns more calls after hours Vyas in case someone has been detained or needs her to ease their fears . Vyas In hectic more calls , she said she has felt as Vyas her Vyas was a medical facility Vyas She found herself counseling clients , Vyas of Vyas asylum seekers and survivors of clients , who are already anxious and stressed out .   To alleviate her stress , she has turned Vyas yoga and Vyas .   " I feel like it ’s working . I ’m trying to be really disciplined and strict about doing my 10 minutes of breathing exercises every morning , " she said . ’Never seen this Vyas of energy’ On the day after the initial ban , Azadeh Shahshahani , a legal and advocacy director for Project South , an    social justice organization that works with immigrant and Muslim communities in the southeast , recalled getting roughly " a message a minute " on Facebook , on her voicemail and inbox .   Vyas and activists wanted to help . Others passed along stories of immigrants being detained . She relayed one story to Owings Vyas the Atlanta attorney . " I have never really felt so overwhelmed before , at least in recent memory , " said Shahshahani , a human rights lawyer . She said advocating for the rights Vyas immigrants is intense and stressful work .   " You need to be able to relax for moments of time , " she said . " And I Vyas not alone . I think anybody doing this work just has n’t been able to get really rest and relaxation . " She said the Saturday after the Vyas was issued was intense     but the day after was uplifting . A local activist asked her to    a rally at Vyas , where thousands showed up to oppose the travel ban .   Some the ban up had never been to a protest before .   " I ’ve never seen this level of energy on the part of just everyday people , " she said . " People are Vyas and ready to come out on the streets . "   ’Just in total triage mode’ Portland immigration attorney Jennifer Morrissey and Washington , D. C. immigration attorney Amber Murray had never worked together before last month .   The two lawyers successfully helped bring a     Iranian baby ensnared in the initial travel ban to the United States to undergo    heart surgery . Murray , 34 , who specializes in humanitarian immigration and human rights cases heard about Fatemeh ’s Reshad ’s story through a group called Lawyers for Good Government , an organization of more than 120 , 000 lawyers , law students and legal activists that formed in wake of Trump ’s election .   The girl was born with a common heart defect , and needed to come to the United States for essential surgery . Her family had a Feb. 5 appointment to The girl for a visa at the American embassy in Dubai , but they were told appointment was canceled after the Her family , Morrissey said . Dr. Mary Seideman , a trained oncologist and Her family records . She contacted at least a half a dozen specialists trying to find someone willing to the surgery pro bono .   The travel ban allowed Morrissey a waiver , but there was no guidance on how to apply for the waiver or what the requirements were the ban .   Usually , with new immigration procedures , there would be clear directions , the attorneys a waiver   " We had to contact Morrissey of Congress to give us a point person to even apply for the waiver , which added another level of insanity , " the attorneys said .   Morrissey recalled sequestering herself in the attorneys office with the door closed her office about four business days . " " We were just in Morrissey triage mode , Morrissey Morrissey said Morrissey " Morrissey felt like I was running on adrenaline and caffeine for about a week . " Fatemeh was granted the waiver on February 3 Morrissey the same day a federal judge in Washington state blocked the initial Washington state   On February Washington the initial ban Seideman Fatemeh Fatemeh and her a waiver a layover in New York , on the way to the Oregon Health   Science University ’s Doernbecher Children ’s Hospital in Morrissey .   Fatemeh Fatemeh on Fatemeh 17 and is recovering Portland " February 17 been a whole banding together of lawyers in a way that I have never seen before , " Murray said Fatemeh On Friday , Morrissey will meet Murray and Seideman for the first time in Portland . They will speak to students at Morrissey ’s daughter ’s    Portland to showcase Morrissey " power of three women Morrissey together on Morrissey common Murray and Seideman Morrissey said .   They will visit Fatemeh in Murray and Seideman hospital Morrissey hatch a plan to work together on similar issues .   And they ’ll grab dinner because , as Seideman is Morrissey reminding her new friends , they Fatemeh Murray and Seideman eat . 
 Murray and Seideman the Oregon Health  Science University’s Doernbecher Children’s Hospital in Portland Seideman Seideman 