’   ’ "    The chair of the Republican National Committee on Friday issued    an extraordinary rebuke of    party ’s presidential nominee 31    days before the election , after a   of Donald Trump making vulgar comments    about women . " ’    " No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about    in this manner . Ever , " RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a    statement . ’ ’    In the video ,   on Friday , Donald Trump discussed    trying to "    " a married woman and wanting to kiss   Donald Trump was about to appear with on " Days of Our    Lives . " ’ ’    " And when you’’re a star they let you do it , " Donald Trump continued .    " You can do anything . . .. Grab they by the     . You can do    anything . " ’ ’       had married    third wife , Melania , months before the    incident . ’ ’    A   also denounced Donald Trump for the video . ’ ’    " Hitting on married women ? Condoning assault ? " tweeted Mitt    Romney , the GOP’ ’s previous presidential nominee and former    governor of Massachussetts . " Such vile degradations demean our    wives and daughters and corrupt America’ ’s face to the world . " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tHitting on married women ? Condoning assault ? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America ’s face face to the world ’t’t the world    Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who ran against Trump in the GOP primary ,    said the video was " indefensible . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tMake no mistake the comments were wrong and offensive . They are indefensible . ’t’t’ ’t’t" ’   Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who ran against Trump in the GOP primary,       " America deserves far better than@realDonaldTrump America " Sen. Jeff    Flake of Arizona . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tAmerica deserves far better than   ’ ’    And Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Ayotte totally inappropriate and offensive . " ’ ’    Earlier in the week , Ayotte said she would call Trump a " role    model " during a debate , Ayotte then later said she " misspoke . "    Priebus defended Trump at the time , . Ayotte ’    Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush Trump who also faced Trump in the GOP    primary , called his comments " reprehensible . " Trump ’ ’ " ’t’t’tAs the grandfather of Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who also faced Trump in the GOP   primary precious girls , I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump ’s reprehensible comments degrading women . ’t’t " ’    Bush’ ’s cousin ,   with Trump , and also made    inappropriate comments . He apologized for his behavior Donald Trump he    was " younger , less mature Donald Trump and acted Donald Trump in playing along Donald Trump " ’ ’    Trump   as well , calling the    conversation " locker room banter " that " took place many years    ago . " ’ 
 