Artist Brian Andrew Whiteley ’s " Trump Tomstone , " a fake tombstone belonging to the Republican presidential candidate which caused a media frenzy when it appeared in Central Park in March , will go on display Friday at the Christopher Stout Gallery in Bushwick . [ The mock tombstone   —    which features the name " Donald J. Trump " alongside the date " 1946   —    " and the epitaph " Made America Hate Again "   —    will be on display at the Christopher Stout Gallery the Christopher Stout Gallery in Bushwick and running through Sunday , October 9 , according to the gallery ’s website .   The the Christopher Stout Gallery in Bushwick in the middle of the night one night in March , just after more than a thousand activists and supporters of Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign had participated in a demonstration in Central Park , as Breitbart ’s Lee Stranahan reported . In a brief interview with the New York Daily News this week , the     Whiteley said the tombstone   —    which was seized and later released by the New York Police Department and led the Secret Service to visit the artist   —    was intended to make a " pointed statement " about the " hateful " nature of Trump ’s campaign . " I was surprised at how few artists were speaking out about Trump , " Whiteley told the Daily News . Trump’s I never the    Whiteley in the New York Daily News before . People ask me , ‘ How could you do this   —    you have kids?’ I tell them , ‘ I did this because I have kids . People " The tombstone will reportedly be displayed on a raised platform along with a photo from Central Park and a gravestone rubbing . " The exhibit feels like an opportunity for    people to come and cause trouble , so we ’ll have security , " Whiteley told the paper . The Christopher Stout Gallery is opening its second year of programming with the Trump tombstone exhibit . The Christopher Stout Gallery gallery describes itself as a " contemporary art gallery showing The Christopher Stout Gallery difficult work The Christopher Stout Gallery New York City artists . " " We delight in serving as a platform for discourse on work that The Christopher Stout Gallery challenging to authority paradigms , feminist , queer ,      mystic ,    joyously sexual , " the gallery wrote on its website .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on The Christopher Stout Gallery @dznussbaum 
 The Christopher Stout Gallery 