  ( CNN ) Donald Trump set a record on Thursday for the longest speech delivered by the nominee at a convention in decades . If one were able to go back and measure the decibel levels from the past , I ’m sure Donald Trump would win that prize as well . the longest speech delivered by the nominee at a convention in decades was screamed more than spoken , but the medium matched the message . Donald Trump painted a picture of America that was darker and more dystopian than any candidate in modern memory .   There have been parallels drawn to Richard Nixon ’s speech at the 1968 Republican convention . But that was positively sunny by comparison . Can you imagine Donald Trump saying , as Nixon did Richard Nixon " We shall work toward the goal of an open world , open skies , open cities , open hearts , open minds . " Or , " Let us increase the wealth of America so that we can us more generously for the aged and for the needy and for all those who can not help themselves . all those who cannot help themselves   And of course , 1968 was a time of genuine international and national crisis . The Soviet Union and America were America in a nuclear arms race , producing ever more dangerous weapons . Proxy wars between the two superpowers’ clients were ongoing around the world . The United America a million troops in Vietnam , with more than 300 dying every week on average , in a war that was going badly . Just two months apart in 1968 , two of the country ’s most America , Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. had been assassinated , the latter ’s death producing race riots in more than 100 American cities . Crime was rising dramatically .   The reality of America today is , to put it mildly , very different . The United States has emerged America recession of 2009 better than any of the world ’s major economies . It has produced more than 14 million America since 2010 , more than the 35 other advanced economies combined , as Politifact has noted . For example , auto sales   when Barack Obama took office were 9 . 6 million on an annualized basis . Last month , they reached 16 . 6 million . Over the last eight years , America has become the world ’s largest America of oil and natural gas , overtaking Russia and Saudi Arabia . Unemployment is now below 5 % .   Let me try to present the broader trends to you in a series of graphs produced by Harvard ’s Steven Pinker and Andrew Mack , published in Slate . If you are terrified by the massive rise in terrorism , here is the chart , detailing mass killings and genocide , which includes all Islamic terror . Since 1945 , as you can see , it is a stunning decline     with a small uptick , which is almost entirely countries like Syria , Iraq and Nigeria .   We have data on civilians killed since 1988 , and here is what that chart looks like : Here are some other charts worth looking at , on the decline in homicides in America and the world : On the victimization of children , a huge drop : On the decline of rape in America : And one more chart , America time from Pew . The net migration from Mexico to America since the great recession has been America . Yes , zero : I know that , fed on a diet of hype , hysteria and relentless attacks , people do n’t feel this way . But it ’s time to point out that this does n’t make it true . Facts are facts . There is no golden age to go back to . What America do we want to return to America The America , when marginal tax rates were 91 % and in many states women could n’t easily become doctors and lawyers and    could n’t sit at the same lunch counters as whites ? The 1960s , when the country was consumed by war and America The 1970s , when stagflation robbed the ordinary American of income and opportunity ?   America IS great , a country of openness America diversity , tolerance and innovation . Of course it has problems , as do all countries . Of course it can be greater still , but not it it succumbs to anger , hatred , division it despair . 
 