’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s daughter Ivanka will become an official    government employee , the White House announced Wednesday . " ’    The move ,   came    after an uproar over her getting a West Wing office without an    official government position . her position will be one of an    unpaid adviser . ’ ’    " We are pleased that Ivanka Trump has chosen to take this step in    her unprecedented role as First Daughter and in support of the    President , " the White House said in a statement . ’ ’    a statement added : " Ivanka’ ’s service as an unpaid employee    furthers our commitment to ethics , transparency , and compliance    and affords her    opportunities to lead initiatives    driving real policy benefits for the American public that would    not have been available to her    . " ’ ’    Ivanka said in a statement that she Ivanka " heard the concerns "    ethics experts had about her Ivanka her Ivanka and vowed to    comply " with all ethics rules and I will instead serve as an    unpaid employee in the White House Office , subject to all of the    same rules as other federal employees . " ’ ’’ ’    " Throughout this process I have been working closely and in good    faith with the White House Counsel and my personal counsel to    address the unprecedented nature of my role , " she    . ’ ’    Ethics experts had previously said that her    a West Wing    office and getting a security clearance without an official    position . ’ ’    " There’ ’s quite a bit of evidence about tribalism in this    administration , where there’ There’ a very tight inner circle of family    loyalists   —    like Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner   —    who don’’t have    the type of experiences " typical of presidential advisers , said    Jon D. Michaels , a legal expert at the UCLA School of Law ,    earlier this month . ’ "    Kushner , Ivanka ’s husband , is a senior adviser to Trump . " "    Ivanka Ivanka lawyer , Jamie S. Gorelick ,   that Ivanka Ivanka status as a federal employee    would require her Ivanka’s lawyer, Jamie S. Gorelick,  that Ivanka’s status as a federal employee    comply with ethics standards . " ’    " She Ivanka’s lawyer, Jamie S. Gorelick,  that Ivanka’s status as a federal employee    file the financial disclosure forms required of federal    employees and be bound by the same ethics rules that she Ivanka’s lawyer, Jamie S. Gorelick,  that Ivanka’s status as a federal employee       planned to comply with voluntarily , " she Ivanka’s lawyer, Jamie S. Gorelick,  that Ivanka’s status as a federal employee    . ’ " President Trump daughter Ivanka Ivanka . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 