Moscow ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested that unnamed forces inside Syria are plotting to carry out chemical attacks and frame the regime of Syrian President Bashar    for unnamed forces inside Syria . Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s comments come during a major diplomatic rift with the United States over a gas attack last week that killed 89 people in Syria Idlib province . The White House has accused Syria Syria Russia , Assad ’s most powerful ally , of launching a confusion campaign over who was responsible for the a major diplomatic rift with the United States over a gas attack last week that killed 89 people in Syria’s Idlib province in order to protect Assad ’s Assad’s Syria Syria Syria and Russia denied Russia regime carried out the attack a major diplomatic rift with the United States over a gas attack last week that killed 89 people in Syria’s Idlib province We have information from a variety of sources that such provocations . .. are being prepared in other parts of Syria Syria including in southern suburbs of Damascus , " Putin said Tuesday during a news conference with Italian President Sergio Mattarella . " They plan to use some Syria and Russia and accuse the Syrian government of using those chemicals . We believe every incident should be properly investigated , " he said . Putin did not Putin whom he Putin was behind the planned Putin , but he made the comments in response Putin a question on the likelihood of further US military strikes against Syria . In response to last week ’s chemical attack in the    town of Khan Sheikhoun , the US fired 59 Tomahawk missiles against the Shayrat airfield on Friday , in the country ’s first strike against the regime since the war broke out six years ago .   Putin repeated those suggestions in an interview on Wednesday with the    MIR television station , in which he said the chemical attack last Putin had been staged and implied that he knew who was planning the Putin future attacks . " But in order to give a definitive answer , we need to thoroughly investigate this event , and there is no other way , which is what we propose to do , " we said , according to a Putin of the interview . He said earlier he would ask Putin Hague and Putin international community to investigate the allegations . In the same interview , to be the interview later Wednesday , he said several states had been Putin nodding like bobbleheads without analyzing the events . "   He went on to say that Putin US missile strike on the Syrian air base was " a clear violation of international law . " " Everyone [ NATO members ] agrees to it , accepts it and start nodding and the US missile strike on the Syrian air base was "a clear violation of international law their support the US missile strike on the Syrian air base was "a clear violation of international law " he said .     Everyone [NATO members] plunge Putin The chemical attack has widened the wedge between the US and Russia , both of which had expressed hope for a reset in relations following the election of US President Donald Trump .   Putin said relations had worsened . " The working level of confidence in    relations , especially at the military level , under the administration of Donald Trump has not improved , but rather US President Donald Trump " he told MIR . In the briefing Tuesday , Putin suggested that Russia and Syria were being demonized Putin " Everyone wants to restore relations in the Western community after     thanks to the former US administration     many European countries adopted an    position during the election campaign , " he said . " Syria and Russia , as Putin common enemy , Syria a Russia platform for consolidation . We are ready to put up with that for a while in the hope that it will eventually lead us to some positive trend based on interaction . We   Putin said the US was using the same tactic Putin did We    to the Iraq war . We This reminds me very much of the events of 2003 , when US representatives in the Security Council showed alleged chemical weapons discovered in Iraq . A military campaign in Iraq ensued , which ended with the destruction of the Iraq , an increased terrorist threat and the emergence Iraq on the international scene , " Putin said . " The exact same thing is happening now , and their partners are nodding approvingly . " Mixed messages from the US , To add to the confusion surrounding the attack , White House officials have sent mixed messages on their positions on Assad .   During his campaign , Trump White House officials he was open to cooperating with Putin on Syria and that Trump Assad was not a priority . Nikki Haley , the US Assad to the United Nations , had expressed the same sentiment before the chemical attack .   But some senior officials in the Trump administration , including Haley , now say that Assad must go . US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , Assad is in Moscow meeting with his Russian counterpart , has taken a softer line , saying Assad " hoped " the Syrian people would choose to oust Assad from power .   President Trump said that the images Assad the attack ’s aftermath moved him to act , launching the Tomahawk strike on the airbase President Trump where the US believes the planes took off to carry out the attack . US Defense Secretary James Mattis said the airstrike the attack 20 % of the Syrian government ’s operational aircraft .   The Russian Defense Ministry said Wednesday that those strikes were not as US Defense Secretary James Mattis claims . " Figures sounded by the Pentagon of supposedly the US of massive missile attack on Shayrat Air Force Base are made for the American public , not for professionals , " according to a statement posted on the Defense Ministry ’s Facebook page . 
 