PALM BEACH , FLORIDA —    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) will get along well if Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump becomes president . [ Speaking from the white and gold ballroom at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump     resort , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that there will be consequences for Rep. Paul Ryan if the Speaker chooses not to get along with Rep. Paul Ryan if he becomes president .   " I ’m going to get along great with Congress , Okay ? Rep. Paul Ryan , I do n’t know him Rep. Paul Ryan , but I ’m sure I ’m going to ’m along great with him Rep. Paul Ryan and if I do n’t —    he Rep. Paul Ryan gon na have to pay a big price . " Ryan Rep. Paul Ryan after Trump this week and challenged Trump to reject Trump like the Ku Klux Klan , who have expressed support for his Rep. Paul Ryan candidacy . " When I see something that runs counter to who we are as a party and as a country , I will speak up , so today I want to be very clear about something , " Ryan Rep. Paul Ryan .   " If a person wants to be the nominee of the Republican Party , there can be no evasion and no games   …     they must reject a person wants to be the nominee of the Republican Party group or cause that is built on bigotry . This party does the Republican Party on people ’s prejudices . We appeal to their highest ideals   the Republican Party     . This is fundamental . And if someone wants to be our nominee , they must understand this someone wants to be our nominee " Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also blasted Trump this week . " There has been a lot of talk in the last 24 hours about one of our presidential candidates and his seeming ambivalence about Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Duke and the KKK , so let me make it perfectly clear , " McConnell said . " Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is not the view of Republicans who have been elected to the United States Senate , and I condemn his views in the Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell forceful way . " 
 