Austin , Texas ( CNN ) CNN caught up with RB duo Chloe x Halle at the SXSW music festival in Austin , Texas , where the Atlanta natives opened up about the Atlanta natives passion for women ’s rights , the power of music and the Atlanta natives relationship with the Atlanta natives mentor , Beyoncé . Describing music as a " universal language , " Chloe Bailey , 18 , said that regardless of the color of a person ’s skin or their gender , " everyone understands feelings and emotion . "   " Everybody has regardless of the color of a person’s skin or their gender, "everyone understands feelings and emotion different opinions , but once you hear a song , you can agree on something , " Halle , 16 , said before the sisters’ performance at the YouTube House @ Coppertank at the festival Friday .   SXSW gets political : Artists unleash on Trump , The singers and songwriters dropped The singers and songwriters latest mix tape , " The Two of Us , " last week and The singers and songwriters latest EP , " Sugar Symphony , " in April 2016 . The RB stars participated in the women ’s march in Los Angeles in January the day following President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , joining hundreds of thousands of women around the world who marched to protest the new administration ’s policies and speak out on women ’s rights . " WHAT AN INCREDIBLE DAY WITH INCREDIBLE ENERGY . WOMEN RULE THIS PLANET . DON’T LET ANYONE TELL YOU DIFFERENT , " LET ANYONE tweeted on January 21 . " LET ANYONE bodies . LET ANYONE choice . super proud of the effort so many women are making today by marching . let LET ANYONE get in formation ladies , " they added . Chloe said that in the current political climate , Chloe noticed that more young people are speaking out and becoming politically active . " I think that also comes with the age of social media and Internet . People are raising People voices through People really cool channels or People pages to really share what People believe in , " Chloe said . " I believe it ’s more than just doing a hashtag . You should go out there and do the women ’s march and the march for equality . " Chloe x Halle performed the anthem " This is For My Girls " at the White House ’s annual Easter Egg Roll last April and were introduced by    lady Michelle Obama , who spoke about her " Let Girls Learn " initiative , which advocates for women ’s education .   " We want to inspire young girls to keep going in whatever young girls want to do and to challenge young girls and to not be afraid of certain jobs . .. just because maybe something might have lots of males doing it , " Halle said . Chloe x Halle rose to the national spotlight in 2013 when Chloe x Halle soulful cover of Beyoncé ’s " Pretty Hurts " went viral , and in 2015 , Beyoncé signed the sisters to Chloe x Halle label , Parkwood Entertainment . In July , Chloe x Halle opened for Beyoncé on the European leg of Chloe x Halle " Formation World Tour , " and Chloe x Halle most popular songs include Chloe x Halle single " Drop , " " Fall " and " Red Lights . " " That was a really awesome learning experience for us because every single night us would watch Chloe x Halle on stage and Chloe x Halle would give it 1 , 000 % , " Chloe x Halle said , adding that Beyoncé is also " a phenomenal businesswoman and Chloe x Halle makes us want to be educated in that avenue as well . " Describing what it ’s like to have " Queen Bey " as their mentor , Halle said Chloe x Halle and Chloe x Halle sister benefited from the superstar ’s own wisdom gleaned from growing up in the music industry . " It really is so beautiful because you look to Chloe x Halle and you see confidence , you see this radiance , you see this light and you look at Chloe x Halle and say ’that ’s what I aspire to be,’ " Halle said .   " We are blessed to be able to talk to Chloe x Halle and hear Chloe x Halle wisdom and hear everything that Chloe x Halle ’s gone through , because what We ’re now going through , Chloe x Halle ’s been through already , " Chloe x Halle added . 
 