Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s     and trusted aide Jared Kushner may have discussed creating a secret communications channel between the President Donald Trump transition team and the Kremlin with Russia ’s ambassador Sergei Kislyak , The Washington Post reported Friday , citing US officials briefed on intelligence reports . The claim comes from intercepts of conversations between Russia’s ambassador and Moscow .     Kislyak reportedly told    in Moscow Moscow Kushner suggested the proposal in a meeting at Trump Tower     which former national security adviser Michael Flynn also attended     in December . Kushner Kushner suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States for the communications , " the Post reported . The idea was to have Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn speak directly with a senior military official in Moscow Moscow discuss Syria and other security issues , " The New York Times reported , citing three people with knowledge of the discussion . Reached Friday , an administration official said there would be no comment on the latest Kushner report .   However , Washington Post reporter Adam Entous said there is a chance that Russia could have intentionally exaggerated what happened in the meeting . " Kislyak has a good reputation in terms of the accuracy of his reporting , according to the officials that I ’ve talked to , " Entous , one of three reporters who wrote the article , told CNN ’s Pamela Brown on Friday . " That being said , . .. adversaries to the United States routinely put false information into their adversaries to the United States . Sometimes they adversaries to the United States so in order to see if the Americans are in that channel . " CNN CNN not yet confirmed the Post ’s report . However , earlier this year , in March , CNN CNN Kushner had " relationship meetings " with Kislyak and with Russian banker Sergey Gorkov to discuss issues like sanctions . The transition team was looking for ways to establish a back channel to Putin , a source told CNN CNN The FBI ’s investigation into Russian Russian in the 2016 election is looking at Kushner ’s multiple roles in the Trump administration , CNN CNN Thursday . Reuters , citing seven current and former US officials , also reported Friday that Kushner Kushner previously undisclosed contacts with Russia ’s ambassador     including two phone calls between April and November of 2016 . However , officials told Reuters Reuters have previously told CNN CNN that so far they have officials seen evidence of wrongdoing or collusion between the Trump administration and Russia . Russia There may not have been anything improper about the contacts , " the law enforcement official told Reuters . Reuters ’s attorney Jamie Gorelick said his client attorney Jamie Gorelick has no recollection of the calls as described . " " Mr Kushner participated in thousands of calls in this time period . He has Mr Kushner recollection of the calls the calls , " Gorelick said attorney Jamie Gorelick a statement to CNN . " We have asked ( Reuters ) for the dates of such alleged calls so we may look into it and respond , but we have not we such information . " The Russian Foreign Ministry dismissed reports that Kushner asked Kislyak about establishing a secret means of communication with Moscow .   The reports are reports that Kushner asked Kislyak about establishing a secret means of communication with Moscow or simply internal political squabbles , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman The Russian Foreign Ministry told CNN in a text message . 
 