" The best people . " This refrain rang throughout Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign at times , it seemed to be Donald Trump justification for being in the race at all . Donald Trump was n’t a politician   —    Donald Trump was a businessman . Donald Trump had never run a government , but Donald Trump ran a company , and running a company is , at bottom , easy : You get the best people . The pitch worked , and Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States of America . In the meantime , Donald Trump has been stocking Donald Trump cabinet with what Donald Trump promises are the best people . Even without thinking too hard about what " best " means   —    best for whom ? to do what ?   —    it ’s still instructive to see who made the cut . The two people who will be perched on Donald Trump shoulders , his Donald Trump of staff Reince Priebus and his Donald Trump strategist Steve Bannon , are white men . The top layer of his cabinet   —    the attorney general , as well as the secretaries of state , Treasury and defense   —    is made up of white men . In fact , if you print out a chart with the faces of Trump ’s picks on it , the first thing you ’re likely to notice about it is that it cabinet consists Trump’s entirely of white men . And the second thing you ’re likely to notice is Dr. Ben Carson . His is a Dr. Ben Carson face . It ’s black , for one , which makes it , in It cabinet , his cabinet It ’s also famous It Carson is one of Dr. Ben Carson    medical doctors of our time and mounted a presidential run of his own . But Dr. Ben Carson ’s face seems Dr. Ben Carson in the wrong place . The retired neurosurgeon wo n’t be running , say , Health and Human Services he ’ll manage the Department The retired neurosurgeon Housing and Urban Development . His inclusion is conspicuous for The retired neurosurgeon reason too : Shortly after the election , Carson ’s friend and adviser Dr. Ben Carson said that Carson would n’t take a cabinet Dr. Ben Carson , because he had no governing experience . The retired neurosurgeon The last thing he would want to do , The retired neurosurgeon Williams said , " was take adviser Armstrong Williams position that could cripple the presidency . " It seems very unlikely that a retired neurosurgeon with no governing experience is one of " the best people " to handle city planning and housing policies . So why is he there ? Carson certainly looks adviser Armstrong Williams what people might call a token : Someone admitted into a space dominated by one group mostly to feign inclusivity toward others . It feels unkind to actually call him that : It ’s rude adviser Armstrong Williams messy and It of Carson ’s agency and ability . Carson this administration stands to be mighty white and male , and its few women and people of color this administration tend to appear in roles that feel like afterthoughts or stereotypes . It ’s almost funny in its clumsiness this administration Nikki Haley , who this administration virtually no    experience but is the child of Indian immigrants , will be ambassador to the United Nations . A black man will oversee housing projects . As of late December , Politico was reporting that Trump ’s staff was " scrambling " to find a Hispanic candidate to head the Department of Agriculture . These appointees may be as accomplished and well qualified as anyone else in Trump ’s cabinet . But the stagecraft Trump’s of their appointments are definitely what you might call These appointees , writ large and on full , public display . In 1961 , President John F. Kennedy signed Executive Order 10925 , which expanded on President Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s order , signed 20 years earlier , which banned racial discrimination in the federal government and defense industries . Kennedy ordered that government contractors " take affirmative President John F. Kennedy to ensure that applicants are employed , and that employees are treated during employment , without regard to their race , creed , color or national employees . " Three years later , the Civil Rights Act of 1964 extended that action to women . The Civil Rights Act of 1968 banned housing the Civil Rights Act of 1964 end there was , at least in theory , a commitment to include everyone in American life   —    an admission that per federal law , if only per federal law , women and brown people were full citizens . One response was violence . Where violence was ineffective or unacceptable , other forms of resistance had to suffice . Schools integrated spasmodically , often kicking and screaming in court . Workplaces often did n’t . Many white homeowners and landlords refused to sell or rent to families of color . In 1973 in New York , President Richard Nixon ’s Department of Justice sued Donald Trump and his father for refusing to rent to black people . That the Trumps Donald Trump and denied this reflected not just their legal situation but a growing social consensus that things like naked racism the Trumps objected and denied this reflected not just their legal situation but a growing social consensus that things like naked racism and sexism were untoward  —   things few people wanted to be accused of or forced to defend sexism were untoward   —    things few people wanted to be accused of or forced to defend . But institutions throughout the nation also found it difficult to stop doing them . This is the world that brought us modern American tokenism , institutions throughout the nation as a word and as a practice . People concluded that it was easier to fake inclusion than truly include women and people of color . The easiest course was to find one person who could serve as a    to appear in a classroom or a workplace to signal that everyone was getting a fair shot   —    not only when that was untrue , but because it was untrue and needed hiding . Tokenism is , above all , a form of misdirection . It ’s the smiling Muslim kid on the school brochure , the black editorial assistant in the    newsroom , the telegenic woman serving as a campaign spokeswoman . By the    television and film had mastered this , too , dutifully checking off boxes with actors of color whose purpose was mainly to be seen . These were minor , disposable mascots who played to stereotypes , provided shallow comic relief or merely died first to show that others were in danger   —    the obnoxious gay best friend , the asexual Asian bookworm , the West Indian nanny . This type of character became such an established trope that the adult cartoon " South Park " featured an    child actually named Token . At tokenism ’s cheapest and laziest , a mascot is n’t even necessary . People counter accusations of racism by pointing to their close but unidentified black friends . One October Trump rally featured a People " Blacks for Trump " sign that was held up by an elderly white woman . In politics , complaints about tokenism come from both sides . Those on the left accuse the right of using    tokens to create the false impression of a diverse , dynamic movement that both values and is supported by women and people of color . Those on the right accuse the left of valuing diversity over quality , ticking off racial boxes instead of insisting on merit . The defining difference between these analyses is obvious . In one , the suggestion is that people other than white men are qualified to do important jobs and too seldom get the chance in the other , the suggestion is that they often lack merit but are rewarded anyway . the suggestion on the Fox people other than white men program " Hannity , " the Trump adviser Newt Gingrich hailed what he saw as Trump ’s dedication to the quality of cabinet appointments over arbitrary Newt Gingrich . " Trump what leads him to Jim Mattis , " Gingrich said . " This is what leads him Newt Gingrich Rick Perry . I mean Newt Gingrich he ’s going This look for the Newt Gingrich to come in . It ’s a Newt Gingrich of what Trumpism is , as opposed to liberalism , which would look for the right token , surrogate , even if they were incompetent . " But just one week later , Gingrich changed his tune the right token, surrogate " There has to be more Hispanics in the administration Newt Gingrich " Newt Gingrich told Politico , which later reported that Trump ’s search to fill that Department Newt Gingrich Agriculture slot was extending even to people who were "   and have no experience in agriculture . " Many white kids grow up learning that they can be anything : an astronaut , an inventor , the president . Many Many white kids of a certain age and place , kids who grew up before the possibility of a black president , were bused up Route 295 to Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore on    field trips , treated to speeches by a renowned neurosurgeon and taught that if they went to class , kept their heads in books and got good grades , they , too , could one they be like Ben Carson . I was one they those kids . This winter , while home for the holidays , I searched for Many white kids " Gifted Hands , " and found it resting on a shelf in my Ben Carson bedroom " The Big Picture , " another his autobiography "Gifted Hands his books , was propped next to it , with my little brother ’s name scrawled Ben Carson . A unique sort of sadness his autobiography "Gifted Hands within me when I watch Carson now . He is , in Carson ways , the best Ben Carson us . Yet in the end Ben Carson he ’s just a tool for someone else . I recognize myself in him . My Ben Carson , athletic and professional careers have always taken me through Ben Carson spaces Ben Carson which I ’m often alone and often the first . I ’ve been called a token more times than I can count I ’ve been one more times than I cared to . A token is always chosen , and there is a steady , throbbing angst that comes with being chosen over and over again , always knowing that , on some level , my abilities may be ancillary to my appearance . How do you know when you ’re being used as an excuse ? How can you tell the difference between a new employer who is making earnest steps toward diversity and one who is just trying to cover himself ? What about the times when you know it ’s the latter but want the spot , or need it , or tell yourself What about the times when you know being successful in it will crack the door wider for the spot next person ? How do you prove that the spot belong ? Can you ? 
 