Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump accused the " Hamilton " cast Saturday of harassing Vice    Mike Pence at a performance Friday evening after the actors called on Pence to " uphold our American values . " " our wonderful future V. P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at The Theater by the cast of Hamilton , cameras blazing . This should not happen ! " Trump tweeted Saturday morning . He Trump up : " The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! " Cast member Brandon Dixon , who portrays Aaron Burr in the Broadway show and delivered the statement to Pence during the curtain call , soon replied on Twitter , " @realDonaldTrump conversation is not harassment sir . And I appreciate @mike_pence for stopping to listen . " Trump fired back Saturday evening , reiterating his feelings Trump the statement the statement a jab at Dixon for reading it from a the statement card . In a tweet that was later deleted , Trump wrote , Trump Very rude and insulting of Hamilton cast member to treat our great future V. P. Mike Pence to a theater lecture . Could n’t even memorize lines ! "   Word spread on social media Friday night that Pence was in our great future V. P. Mike Pence house for the hit show , and during the curtain call , Dixon urged Pence to " our great future V. P. Mike Pence on behalf of all of us . " " Vice    Pence , we welcome you us we truly thank us for joining us here at us : An American Musical.’ We really do us " Dixon said . Dixon We , sir us we are the us America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us , our us , us children , us parents or us us and uphold us inalienable rights , sir . But sir truly hope us show has inspired you to uphold our American values us work on behalf of all of us . All us us . " us , who urged the audience not to boo Pence , said the show was this show " a diverse group of men and women of different colors , creeds and orientations . " The crowd loudly cheered and applauded Dixon ’s remarks . Sam Rudy , a Rudy the theater at the time and stopped to listen to Dixon . Rudy described Dixon ’s remarks as Dixon’s polite request " and said he can " see no way whatsoever how the cast of ’Hamilton’ can be Rudy as being rude . " " I do n’t know what ( Trump ) qualifies as harassment , " Rudy added . Messages left with Trump’s not returned . Pence , Rudy has been in New York Pence assist with Trump ’s transition , was greeted inside the theater earlier in the night by a chorus of boos and some applause . Stevie Van Zandt , a guitarist who is a member of Bruce Springsteen ’s E Street Band , blasted Dixon ’s actions as a form of " bullying " and called on Dixon to apologize to Pence . " When artists perform the venue becomes your home , Dixon Van Zandt tweeted . " The audience are your guests . It is nothing short of the same bullying tactic we rightly have criticized Trump for in the past . It ’s taking unfair advantage of someone who thought they were a protected guest in your home . " Despite Trump ’s harsh rebuke of the confrontation , Dixon ’s rhetoric was not dissimilar to remarks Trump himself has made in the past about uniting the country . " I ’m asking Trump join me in dreaming big and bold , America for wonderful things in our future . Let ’s close the history books on the failures in Washington and let ’s open America new chapter of America and prosperity for all of our people . We have a America nation , a seriously divided nation . All of our people     that is how we will truly make American great again , " Trump said in We last month . " Hamilton We creator    Miranda is no stranger to politics , having backed Washington Clinton during this year ’s election cycle . In addition to endorsing Clinton , Miranda held a benefit showing of the musical in July , where admission to the show supported the Miranda campaign     some tickets reportedly went for as much as $ 10 , 000 . 
 Hillary Clinton 