  ( CNN )   Donald Trump told Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte that Donald Trump is going about Donald Trump controversial fight against drugs " the right way , " Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said .   Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte says Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte was greatly pleased with the " rapport " Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte had with the newly elected U. S. president .. Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte made the comments to reporters in Davao City on Saturday after a brief phone call last night with    Donald Trump . Government officials earlier passed along snippets of Government officials conversation . " Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte was quite sensitive to our war on drugs and Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte wishes me well in my campaign and said that our are doing , as Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte so put it , ’the right way,’ " the President said .   Washington has been critical of the Philippines handling of drug dealers , including extrajudical killings     government executions without the benefit of judicial proceedings . That has sparked Duterte ’s resentment . Duterte’s verbal tirades and tilt away from Washington have raised many eyebrows since he Duterte’s office in May.    While on a trip to China in October , Duterte said that " America has lost , " and that Duterte has realigned Duterte with China China ideological flow . " Duterte later clarified Duterte comments about relations with the United States saying Duterte was rather pursuing a " separation of foreign policy " from the US .   But Duterte was pleased over the exchange with Trump . Duterte described Trump as Trump animated " and said they talked the exchange with Trump " a lot of things . " Duterte said Duterte told Trump Filipinos " are tight with America " the United States wished Trump success .   " Duterte was wishing me success in my campaign against the drug problem . Duterte understood the way we are handling it and Duterte said there is nothing wrong with protecting your country . It was very encouraging in the sense that I suppose that what Duterte wanted to say was that Duterte would be the last to interfere in the affairs of our own country . " Both men extended travel invitations to the other . " Duterte has invited me to visit New York and Washington DC . Duterte said if I am around Duterte wants to be notified of my presence . And I mentioned to Duterte about the ASEAN Summit next year and Duterte said Duterte would try Duterte best to be here . Duterte wants to attend the summit the ASEAN Summit would be great for our country . I could sense a good rapport . " Trump ’s transition team passed along a comment about the call but did n’t mention Duterte ’s war on drugs . " Duterte " offered Duterte’s congratulatory wishes Duterte’s    Trump . In their conversation , they noted the their history of friendship and cooperation between the two nations , and agreed that the two governments would continue to work together closely on matters of shared interest and concern . "  
 