Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration , in an attempt to remake the size and scope of the federal government , will inform federal agencies Wednesday that President Donald Trump ’s federal ban on hiring is over . But the Office of Management and Budget expects agencies to begin implementing more " targeted " and " surgical " cuts to agency staffing . Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said Tuesday the guidance , which will go out to agencies Wednesday morning , is an attempt by the Trump administration to make good on the President ’s promise to " drain the swamp , " a slogan that animated the President’s 2016 campaign . " This is really important to the President’s , " Mulvaney said when asked why the Trump administration will be able to do what past presidents have failed to accomplish . " I can tell you that this is a big part of draining the the swamp . .. Really , what you are talking about doing is restructuring Washington , DC , and that is how you drain the swamp the swamp Mulvaney called this Mulvaney a " centerpiece of his campaign . Mulvaney the Trump administration , just days after he became President Mulvaney signed a presidential memorandum imposing a hiring freeze on the federal government . Mulvaney said Tuesday Mulvaney agencies will be asked to develop a plan to minimize employment by June 2017 , which will be finalized by September 2017 . " What we are doing tomorrow is replacing the     hiring freeze that we put into we on day one in office and replacing it with a smarter plan , a more strategic plan , a more surgical plan , " Mulvaney said . Mulvaney said he Mulvaney not Mulvaney detailed figures on job cuts , but added that it " probably goes without saying ( that ) we think we can run we government more efficiently than the previous administration can . " That means cuts .   The budget director , and former conservative member of Congress , said the reductions will reflect Trump ’s proposed budget , which saw dramatic proposed cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency , State Department and other    agencies . Likewise , Mulvaney said the Defense Department State Department agencies should expect job increases . " The executive branch of government has never been rebuilt . It has grown organically " The executive branch of government decades , Mulvaney said . " The Mulvaney of the United States has asked all of us in the executive branch the United States start The executive branch of government " The subtext in this order is clear : Trump wants the government to run more like a government . And that was outlined by Mulvaney on Tuesday , who Mulvaney that he spoke with top CEOs to hone ideas on how to make cuts . Getting government growth under control has been the goal of many past presidents , though few have actually accomplished that objective . A 1982 Government Accountability Office report on hiring freezes found , though , that those implemented by Presidents Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter " had little effect on federal employment levels . " Total executive branch federal government employment     not including uniformed military personnel and legislative and judicial branch personnel     has dropped dramatically since the high point in the late 1980s and early 1990s when it averaged about 3 million employees . In recent years ( such as   ) it has continued to decrease , at a it rate , from 2 . 77 million in 2009 to 2 . 66 million in 2014 . Additionally , there are concerns that hiring freezes and job cuts will adversely impact veterans , many of whom leave their service and hope to land federal government concerns that hiring freezes and job cuts . A 2015 report by the Office of Personnel Management , found that veterans made up 44 % of all    hires in the federal government . In the counties around Washington     some of the richest in the country     there are also concerns at how sweeping federal government cuts will impact the local economy . Mulvaney said federal employees should n’t be depressed , but noted that some people " need to recognize that there are bigger issues at play . " " We are trying to figure out a way to make the government more responsive , more accountable , the federal government said . " And that means taking care Mulvaney the people who are doing a good job . " 
 