Donald Trump blasted Donald Trump rival Hillary Clinton during a campaign rally in Wilmington , North Carolina with more than 5 , 000 supporters inside the event and reportedly thousands still outside who could n’t fit . [ Arena at    seats 5 , 200 plus maybe 2 , 000 on the floor . There are reportedly 5 , 000 waiting outside who ca n’t get in ,   —    David Martosko ( @dmartosko ) August 9 , 2016 ,    The packed house awaiting @realDonaldTrump in Wilmington , NC pic . twitter .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) August 9 , 2016 ,   " She ’s so guilty , " Trump said of Clinton , referencing She 33 , 000 missing emails related to She scandal where She used a personal email server during She time as secretary of state . Wilmington crowd again tries to get " lock She up " chant going , after Trump says " She ’s so guilty . "   —    Evan McMurry ( @evanmcmurry ) August 9 , 2016 ,   This Trump crowd in Wilmington , NC has the feel of a    house . Enthusiastic , loud , yuuge , etc ,   —    David Martosko ( @dmartosko ) August 9 , 2016 ,   Trump is holding two campaign rallies in North Carolina on Tuesday   —    the same day a new poll found David Martosko (@dmartosko) August 9, 2016,   ’s two points behind Clinton in North Carolina , within the 3 . 4 percent margin of error . The New Yorker mocked Clinton Clinton saying she Clinton during a recent press conference when discussing the FBI investigation into her Clinton . " Could you imagine if I said that I   ? They would be calling for my execution , " Trump said . " It would be a whole different ballgame if I said it It believe me . " The Republican nominee also criticized a recent federal appeals court ruling that struck down North Carolina ’s voter ID law , holding that the North Carolina’s voter ID law " passed with racially discriminatory intent . " " Voter ID , what ’s with that ? " Trump Trump . " Why are n’t we having voter ID ? In other words , I want to vote , here ’s my identification   …     as opposed to somebody coming up and voting 15 times for Hillary . " The crowd booed in response . " I will not tell you to vote 15 times , " Trump Trump , saying voter ID voter ID " very important thing . " In addition to Tuesday ’s afternoon rally in Wilmington , Trump Trump also holding an evening campaign rally in Fayetteville , North Carolina . 
 