Washington ( CNN ) The House Democrats’ campaign arm is taking direct aim at Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan , working to link Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan to GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump ahead of the speaker ’s    town hall with CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Tuesday . Watch CNN town hall with Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan Tuesday Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan p. m. Tuesday , How to watch CNN ’s town hall with CNN , The Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan Campaign Committee is earmarking $ 16 , 000 of its $ 1    national cable ad The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee to run a    television spot on CNN right before Ryan appears .    CNN Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan commercial features a series of actors who say they are Republicans , and express concerns The campaign commercial Trump ’s rhetoric about women , Hispanics , Muslims , with one woman saying to the camera : " How can Republican Members of Congress support that ? " The ad is part of a DCCC media buy announced last week that is sponsoring commercials that began airing on Monday on CNN and MSNBC .   The DCCC will rotate spots over the DCCC DCCC until the beginning of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next week , according to a senior Democratic leadership source .   At the end of the spot targeting Ryan , one individual , portraying a GOP voter , says to the camera about Trump : " If he ’s our standard bearer , what the heck happened to our standards ? " Republicans brushed off the our .   " Democrats are so desperate to deflect attention from their toxic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s lies and Democrats that they are willing to waste a million dollars Democrats cable ads that do n’t pass the smell test , " Katie Martin , communications director for the National Republican Campaign Committee , told CNN . Ryan , who as part of his leadership role will chair the GOP convention , remained neutral in the primary process .   He eventually backed Trump at the beginning of his after it became clear he racked up the necessary delegates to clinch his Republican nomination . But Ryan took some time making his endorsement , raising some reservations about some Ryan the businessman ’s controversial comments .    Last week , the speaker praised Trump after he traveled to Ryan to meet with more Ryan 200 House Republicans , saying he though Trump " did a great job engaging Ryan our Trump and I think our members appreciated it . " The Democratic source our members while the individuals in the ads are actors , the script reflects quotes from Republicans that the DCCC has collected through their research in recent months .   The $ 1 the DCCC campaign also covers some targeted ads in 10 competitive House districts , with a specific focus on female voters . 
 