’   ’ ’    I   that Republicans forced Republicans into a    corner with seven years of lying and overpromising about    healthcare . The fact that nothing Republicans do now will live up to the    promises Republicans made before is a big political problem . ’ "    That ’s on the whole party . " ’    But the specific failure to pass the American Health    Care Act   —    the option Republican leaders had decided was the      way to deal with the option Republican leaders healthcare predicament   —    is on    President Donald Trump . ’ "    Specifically , the specific failure to pass the American Health   Care Act  —   the option Republican leaders had decided ca n’t pass because Trump   President Donald Trump a bad    dealmaker . We have a president who can not close . Sad ! " ’    I realize Trump and his a president who cannot close would object to this    characterization . How could I malign the dealmaking skill of the    author of " The Art of the Deal " ? ’ ’    Let us count the ways that Trump’ ’s dealmaking deficits have    derailed the bill he said was " terrific . " ’ "    Trump ’s public comments about the the bill he said was "terrific individual    Republicans in Congress two pieces of information that reduced    their incentive to individual   Republicans with him about the Trump ’s contents : " "    You do n’t walk into a negotiation and tell your counterparty that    you ’re    to make a deal fast and on any terms . But Trump    did just that , which is why Freedom Caucus members knew the White    House was bluffing when it claimed the the White   House was the bill’s    would n’t be amended further . " ’    Trump invited the Freedom Trump    to Freedom Caucus . Weak Trump    Bad ! ’ "    Trump eventually seemed to Trump    this error , claiming if no    bill passed by Friday , he would n’t participate Trump    future efforts    to repeal Obamacare . " ’    But that threat was implausible because of his prior admissions . Trump    He should have read Trump    own book : Trump    ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . "   —    his own book: ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal Art of The Deal . ’t’t’ "    Usually , a legislative negotiation is n’t just about what ’s in a    bill . " "    Often , a member of Congress agrees to vote for the president ’s    pet piece of legislation , and the president promises to advance    the president ’s favorite regulatory initiative a member of Congress advocate    another piece of legislation later , or to campaign for that    member ’s reelection . " "    Trump might be making such promises . But because he has a      reputation for reneging on his Trump to    counterparties , members are unlikely Trump trust Trump when he does    so . This limits Trump negotiating Trump ;    Trump ca n’t be Trump trusted , his promises Trump to be made    in the his promises    itself . " "    Trump ’s assurance that the bill ’s limitations   Trump    for example , its    limited impact on insurance regulations under Obamacare Trump —    will be    addressed through executive action and future legislation do not    seem to be convincing enough of his party ’s own representatives    to get this bill    . " ’    In a way , this is similar to the way Trump alienated mainstream    banks with his reputation for not repaying debts , forcing him to Trump seek increasingly creative means of financing his Trump .    Screwing your partner in one deal Trump it harder    get the next    deal done . ’ "    There one deal proves the rule that side deals do n’t    work for Trump . " ’    One of the " no " votes who did flip to " yes " on the AHCA is Rep.    Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania . Barletta’ ’s signature issue is    illegal immigration ( he’ ’s opposed ) and he said he couldn’’t vote    for the AHCA because he didn’’t have sufficient assurance he    unauthorized immigrants wouldn’’t the AHCA tax credits he    Barletta changed his position once he was promised Trump would    support his legislation to address the issue . his ’    Trump can credibly promise his take punitive action    toward unauthorized immigrants , because Trump is a passion of his .    Beyond that , his lack of credibility is undermining his    Trump position . ’ ’    Trump Nobody knew healthcare could be Trump complicated , " Trump ’ ’    February . ’ ’    Actually , a lot of Trump did know that , but Trump seems to have    been personally unprepared for the interconnected nature of    Trump policy . Moving the wrong piece can cause the    healthcare market to crash    like a Jenga tower , and Trump has    no idea how to determine which blocks are loose . ’ Trump    This is    the White House apparently ended up offering Freedom    Caucus ’ ’    of    essential health benefits    from Obamacare as part of a    effort to win their votes . ’ ’    This policy change   —    which would allow insurers to sell health    plans that don’’t cover pregnancy , or even plans that don’’t cover    doctor’ ’s visits at all   —    moves the bill to the " right don’’t and looks    at first glance like something that should help conservative    members of the House Republican conference get on board . ’ ’    But   repealing the EHB rules while    leaving other Obamacare rules in place would create a huge mess    in    markets that doesn’’t appeal to anyone . Rep.    Justin Amash , one of the sharpest critics    Obamacare’ ’s    healthcare regulations in the House ,   by itself " makes the    bill worse , not better . " ’ "    By making the Rep.   Justin Amash, one of the sharpest critics of Obamacare’ offer , Trump scared away moderates like Reps .    Charlie Dent and Rodney Frelinghuysen , but he did not pick up the    votes of many Freedom Caucus members who pointed out ( not Trump unreasonably ) that if you ’re going to repeal EHB , you also need    to repeal Obamacare ’s rule that requires insurers to cover    preexisting conditions , as otherwise insurance markets could    collapse . " "    If Trump understood    policy ( or asked someone who    did    he would have known that EHB rules and      rules go together like peas and carrots ,    Trump he should n’t offer to repeal one if he ’s dead set on keeping    the other . Trump "    But he did n’t , Trump he offered something that made the deal all    that much harder to Trump . " ’    Trump is a highly successful businessman . But he is not , as he    claims , a highly successful dealmaker . ’ ’    Trump Trump an incredibly talented , Trump marketer . He was very    good at convincing people they Trump want to buy Trump    apartments , reasonably Trump at convincing    they should want       golf at Trump golf Trump and for a time quite successful at       people to want to watch Trump Trump people on television . ’ ’    Trump innately understands    kinds of consumers , and he Trump understood things about the electorate that none of Trump opponents    in the 2016 election did . Trump are reasons he won an election    that nobody Trump he could . ’ "    He was n’t very good Trump convincing people they should want to buy Trump Trump Steaks , but then Trump nobody bats a thousand . " "    We know from what we ’ve seen of Trump ’s tax returns that he lost    a great deal of money in the We and that he was making a great    Trump’s of money by the   . Not coincidentally , over this    Trump’s Trump shifted the Trump of his professional endeavors Trump    from businesses that were heavy on dealmaking and toward    businesses that were heavy on marketing , particularly    arrangements in which he would rent Trump name to    else who    was actually in the business    developing real estate . " ’    Unfortunately , unlike the general endeavor of being a " famous ,    rich business guy , " there is no way to adjust the presidency , so    it’ ’s heavier on the marketing aspects and lighter on the    dealmaking aspects . ’ "       ’s a president ’s job to make deals . And Trump ’s lack of Trump       for dealmaking is going to be a major liability for him in    office Trump    " ’I wrote on Wednesday that Republicans forced . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
    