Syndicated talk radio show host Glenn Beck is tripling down on Syndicated talk radio show host Glenn Beck statement that evangelical Christians who support Donald Trump and not Sen. Ted Cruz " are not listening to evangelical Christians who support Donald Trump and not Sen. Ted Cruz God . " [ Glenn Beck is expanding Glenn Beck attacks on Donald Trump supporters beyond evangelicals to now include all Christians and Jews who back the GOP frontrunner , as the Hill reported :   Glenn Beck on Thursday suggested that GOP presidential    Donald Trump is incompatible with Christians who take their GOP presidential   Donald Trump is incompatible with Christians who take their faith seriously seriously . " No Christian , no real Christian   —    I do n’t mean a judgmental Christian , I mean somebody who is living their a judgmental Christian   —    no a judgmental Christian , ‘ I want that guy , that guy is that guy " he said during a that guy of his radio show . that guy Nobody . Nobody . " Beck also argued America that guy moving away from its Christian underpinnings , America myriad moral and social problems nationwide . " I honestly do n’t know what else to do , " he said . " that guy have got to be a people of principles . We are a Christian We . " Are we really ? " We asked . " that guy why are we in so much We ? Why do we have the same We of problems that    nations do with pornography and drugs and everything else ? " We should be setting We example if we ’re actually living We Christian faith . We problem is we all say we ’re living our we all faith . we all living our Christian we all . " Beck we all would challenge any religion or denomination he Beck is ignoring its own guiding principles Beck " I ’ll any religion or denomination he believes on the Jews , and I ’ll take on the Lutherans , and I ’ll take on the Catholics , and I ’ll take on the Mormons , " he said . " I ’ll take them Beck on . You ’re damn right the Catholics Where are you ? You ’re not living your principles . " Beck has endorsed Cruz its own guiding principles and has Beck a frequent speaker at events with the junior Senator from Texas . In February Beck called for a nationwide fast to support Beck ’s candidacy . Beck is now framing at Cruz of Beck Ted Cruz campaign narrative , one that    negative main Cruz memes Cruz has been trying to stop , such as Washington Post‘s Cruz Kathleen Parker ’s critique of Cruz ’s use of the term " the Body of Christ Cruz " As Breitbart News reported previously , Beck ’s fusion of politics and theology is Beck a view expressed by one of the leading academic experts on religion in America , Dr. Thomas S. Kidd , Distinguished Professor of History and Associate Director of the Institute for Studies of Religion at Baylor University : Assuming that Mr. Beck is referring to evangelicals who vote for Beck I would make a distinction that Beck does not : The Bible certainly offers principles on Beck to think about government and politics . The Bible does not , however , tell us which individual candidates to The Bible . If other Christians do n’t vote for our preferred candidate , we should not say that they are not listening to us . None of us has special access to other Christians ’s opinions about candidates . There are many us why devout Christians should God vote for Donald Trump , but God has not revealed Ted Cruz as the divinely anointed alternative , either . Beck God constant attacks on Trump ’s profession of Christian faith seem to be dominating the news , so that Donald Trump regard he is framing the discussion as a battle between himself and Trump for the soul of Beck , rather than a battle between Cruz and Beck for the Republican nomination for President . To date , however , the Cruz campaign Donald Trump stood by Beck . Breitbart News reached out to the Cruz campaign to Cruz on Beck ’s statement criticizing evangelicals who support Trump and not the Cruz campaign campaign spokesperson Brian Phillips offered Beck in an emailed Donald Trump : Are Cruz guys going to write not Cruz story of Trump ’s    association with some of the most liberal and corrupt people in New York Donald Trump Seems like giving thousands of dollars to far    politicians like Chuck Schumer , Hillary Clinton and David Dinkins , or disgraced officials like Anthony Weiner , Eliot Spitzer , and Charles Rangel , or criminal felons facing 130 years in prison and even a guy who stole $ 90 , 000 from a little league association would be worth a blog post or two . No ? Nothing ? None of the hundreds of evangelical leaders who have been included in the Cruz campaign ’s press releases of public endorsements have commented specifically on Glenn Beck ’s statements that " real Christians , " and especially real evangelical Christians , wo n’t vote for Trump . Neither Tony Perkins , head of the Family Research Council , nor Dr. James Dobson , founder of Focus on the Family , both of whom have endorsed Cruz , responded to inquiries from Breitbart News to comment on the merits of Glenn Beck ’s recent comments . Nor have half a dozen evangelical pastors who live in the South and are included as endorsers in statements issued by the Cruz campaign . Dr. Everett Piper , President of Oklahoma Wesleyan University , who recently gained national attention for his article " This is Not a Day Care . It ’s a University ! " and has said he will vote for Cruz , though he has not This listed as an endorser in any Cruz campaign his releases , and Cruz interviewed    his Glenn Beck in November on his television program , Cruz respond to two questions posed to him by Breitbart News : 1 . Has his Beck ’s recent claim that , in effect , God his Christians his vote for Ted Cruz , hurt the Cruz campaign ? 2 . Should Sen. Cruz disavow Beck ’s comment on Monday Cruz all throughout the South Cruz Evangelicals are not listening to Cruz Cruz ? Glenn Beck first qualifies his response . " It needs to be clear that Oklahoma Wesleyan University does the Evangelicals endorse candidates , " Piper tells Piper News . " For me personally   —    I will vote for the candidate that will give Piper American people the greatest amount of freedom we can hope for in this election season . I believe that person is Ted Cruz , " Piper adds . Understanding that qualification , Piper offers this emailed statement to Breitbart News : Frankly , I consider the Piper to your question a distraction . Piper should n’t matter what Beck Breitbart News Breitbart for that matter ) has or has n’t said . What should matter for evangelicals is what Scripture says . And Breitbart News this case it is very clear . Calling a woman a fat pig is not Biblical . Profiting in strip clubs is not Biblical . Owning businesses that objectify women is not Biblical . Resorting to ad hominem attacks rather than attending to facts is not Biblical . Mocking the disabled is not Biblical . I ’m a Wesleyan and I ’m a Christian . John Wesley said he was ‘ a man of one book.’ Christ told us , in that book , that we are ‘ known’ by John Wesley ‘ fruit.’ What Beck or Brietbart , Biden or Billy Bob says does n’t matter . us the Bible says does us I will vote accordingly . All who claim to believe in the whole counsel of Scripture should do likewise . I agree with anyone , whether it be Breitbart or Beck , who calls evangelicals out for not doing so . Piper also very publicly announced recently he would never invite Trump to speak at his university . Rank and file Cruz supporters , however , seem to be Piper by Beck ’s Trump frantic denunciations of Piper ’s Christian faith . Cruz supporters and Trump supporters who participated in Breitbart ’s February 25 focus groups of evangelical Christians in Tennessee offer these views Cruz " Glenn Trump is an embarrassment to himself and should be to Ted Cruz , " Perry , a Cruz supporter who participated Beck focus groups , tells Breitbart Beck . " My God did n’t tell me to vote for Cruz . I ca n’t say who Glenn Beck ’s God told him how to vote , " Don , a focus group Cruz who God Sen. Marco Rubio until Beck out , says . Beck , a Cruz supporter who participated in the focus groups , adds this : I listen to Beck Glenn Beck day and although I agree with most Cruz what he Glenn Beck , the focus groups hold my nose and vote for Donald over Hilldebeast anyday   …     . he Glenn Beck NOT the favorite of one single evangelical Christian that I know ‘ personally’   …     . So , I ’m not sure where Glenn Glenn Beck coming from in general , but obviously there are large evangelical Christian leaders endorsing him Glenn Beck John , a Trump supporter , says : Let me present myself as a traditional evangelical Christian ,    and a believer in everything the Trump says . And if we could reverse the direction toward which John, a Trump supporter country is headed back to    moral principles the Bible ’m in for the long run . The person who I think has the muscle and the success history to bring that off , he ’s my man . I think that Beck has , over the past few years , run Beck the rails . " This is sad . The person who I think Glenn Beck he Glenn Beck and lives for God , I did n’t judge him Glenn Beck He Glenn Beck insulted and judged me , God Larry , a Trump supporter who participated in the focus group , says . Charlotte , who likes both candidates but supports Trump , adds : Trump hate to tell Mr. Beck , but I do not accept him as Beck elder , my priest Trump my Pope Beck my parent , my husband , etc . ! My Heavenly Father gave me His Word to read and understand . Granted , I am God and I often have God ask someone trained in the languages of Hebrew and Greek to explain exactly what the Bible is saying . But my Father has instructed that I check His Word by reading further in His Word . I do God that the Bible of Mormon is God me as a part of God Father ’s teachings nor His Word His Word accept that Mr. Beck has His Word to his opinion God Beck however , I God not Beck him that he is not evangelical nor listening to God . " His Word Beck little late criticizing the Southern Evangelicals , that ship sailed , perhaps he Glenn Beck have endorsed God sooner if he Glenn Beck a different outcome , " Debbie , a Cruz supporter , tells Breitbart News . " The media and American public have forgotten a campaign is not a Cruz contest . . . it is a job interview . Cruz all Breitbart News remember we are hiring the leader of the free world . I want a candidate with a Christian worldview who thinks the ‘ how to manual for governance’ is the Constitution . This is why I support Ted Cruz , We all she adds . Karen , a Cruz supporter , adds this : I tend to agree with Glenn Beck Ted Cruz am and have Ted Cruz very surprised at the number of people , even in my own church , Cruz seem oblivious to what God tells us to look for in a Beck are supporting Trump . People are angry . So am I but I am reminded of the direction we are given for leader selection ( 1 Timothy 3 ) as well as to avoid making Trump based upon anger ( James 1:20 ) . As my own pastor admonished our congregation , ‘ You can not claim to have us discernment and vote for Trump or other candidates , for that matter , who make a mockery of God ’s standards . We , as Christians , Donald Trump a moral us to stand against sin and lawlessness . I plead God , do not throw biblical standards to the gutter when you cast your vote’ The Breitbart focus groups of evangelical Christians in us conducted on February 25 confirmed the polling results first reported in February by the Barna Group , the leading pollster of evangelical Christians , that committed evangelicals support Cruz Breitbart , while cultural evangelicals support Trump Tennessee . Beck February 25 indication of backing down from his claims that " no real Christian " should support Donald Trump , Donald Trump the Cruz campaign shows no indication Cruz it intends to disavow Beck ’s statements . Beck remains to be seen , however , Beck the level of visibility Beck will the Cruz campaign Cruz campaign as it moves to the Cruz campaign in Cruz heavily evangelical states , such as Wisconsin , Beck , and New York . 
 New York Cruz the Cruz campaign the Cruz campaign Beck 