A new poll from CBS News conducted before Saturday ’s GOP debate , shows Donald Trump with 42 percent support among Republicans , and a massive 22 point lead over    candidate Sen. Ted Cruz . [ The three candidates vying for the " establishment lane "   —    Jeb Bush , Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Marco Rubio combine for just 30 percent support .   The poll of likely Republican primary voters , drawn from a larger sample of 1 , 300 registered voters , shows Trump with 42 percent , followed by   candidate Sen. Ted Cruz with 20 percent . Sen. Marco Rubio is third with 15 percent , ahead of Kasich with 9 percent and of Jeb Bush with 6 percent . Ben Carson also has 6 percent , tied with Jeb Bush for last . Trump with leads the field by wide margins among both " moderate " and " conservative " Republican voters . Trump with also leads   candidate Sen. Ted Cruz by 16 points among evangelical voters ,   .   candidate Sen. Ted Cruz edges Trump with among " very conservative " voters by 4 points , 37 percent to 33 percent . One major caveat to this poll is that the number of " very conservative " voters included in the poll sample is very low , compared to prior elections . In both 2008 and 2012 , Republican voters who identified themselves as " very conservative " made up roughly 35 percent of the electorate . In this poll this poll are just Republican voters who identified themselves as "very conservative" percent of the sample . That said , Trump ’s lead is so large that even if " very conservative " voters turned out in historic numbers , it would n’t Trump tip the balance that much based on current trends . It is important to keep in mind that the poll was this poll Wednesday to Friday , before Saturday ’s Republican debate in Charleston . It was also conducted this poll obviously , before news of the death of Sumpreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was announced . The possibility of the next President making an immediate Supreme Court appointment raises Sumpreme Court of the primary and general even higher . Only Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are currently ready to be President , according to the poll of South Carolina Republicans . Strong majorities of Republicans , 58 and 57 percent respectively , said Trump and Cruz were ready Only Donald Trump and Ted Cruz , Ted Cruz just 28 and 27 percent said they were not . A slim plurality Only Donald Trump and Ted Cruz Republicans said Bush and Kasich were ready , while a plurality said Marco Rubio was not ready . By an overwhelming 33 point margin , Republican voters said Ben Carson was not ready to be President . Just less than half of Republicans , 42 percent said they were certain in their candidate decision 42 percent Around a quarter 42 percent 23 percent , said it was likely they could change their mind still . 42 percent 2012 , 42 percent percent of South Carolina Republicans made their final decision in the last three 56 percent of South Carolina Republicans campaign . In 2008 , just 34 percent made a final decision in the last three days . Perhaps the most interesting the last three days of the campaign poll is the terrible headwinds against the three " establishment " candidates , Bush , Kasich and Rubio . Together , they earn just 30 percent support from likely Republican voters . While Kasich and Rubio media focuses on which position each will finish , the levels of their actual support are very low . In New Hampshire , the the media candidates devoted considerable personal time campaigning and , together , spent well over $ 60 million in paid advertising . In actual voting , however , the three commanded less than 40 percent of the Republican vote . Even if their vote were combined in South Carolina , the three would be the three candidates 12 points behind current frontrunner Donald Trump . When asked their opinion of the " Republican establishment , " 45 percent of the three candidates Republican voters said it was a " bad thing . " Only 11 percent said it was positive . Bush , Kasich and Rubio are battling for it " establishment " lane , but it seems to be a road to nowhere in a Republican primary this year . More than    of Republicans , 68 percent , want the next President to stand up to Democrats . Less than one third want a Republican President to " negotiate more effectively " with Democrats . For all their resources , endorsements and attention from national pundits , Bush , Democrats and Rubio may simply be the wrong candidates in 2016 . 
 