During his latest stop on the Dangerous Faggot tour at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , MILO criticized # NeverTrump conservatives , claiming that only Donald Trump can save the Supreme Court and ensure the protection of the US Constitution . [   " My goal here tonight is to pull us all back together , and focus on the single most important issue of this election : the Supreme Court " announced MILO at the start of his speech . " That is : keeping the supreme the Supreme Court the ugly ,    and tyrannical clutches of Hillary Clinton and the enemies of America , both foreign and domestic , that have bought her presidency lock , Hillary Clinton and barrel . " " I ’m sure some of you are protesting right now . " But we need a wall ! Paid for by Mexico ! " or " We need tax reform , so companies like Apple do n’t keep 160 billion dollars offshore ! " or " We need to fix trade with CHINA " " he continued . " But the supreme court is a much more pressing matter that will affect this country for decades CHINA " Even if you ’re uncomfortable with some of Trump ’s other policies , his rhetoric , and even Trump comments on the female Trump system , this issue is the one that trumps all the others " declared Milo . " If Hillary is elected , she could appoint up to Hillary new supreme court justices . Any    conservative who recognizes this , and still wo n’t vote for Trump   …      Well Trump do n’t think we can call them conservatives , can we ? to four new supreme court justices " These beltway we do n’t care about America . They care about their jobs , These beltway conservatives influence , These beltway conservatives everything else These beltway conservatives comes with establishment power " he concluded . " Trump poses their influence, and everything else that comes with establishment power existential threat to their cosy status quo , and Trump ’s why they oppose him . They do Trump care their influence, and everything else that comes with establishment power the Trump Court . They do n’t care about conservatism Trump They only care about themselves . Trump During his speech Trump Milo also predicted their influence, and everything else that comes with establishment power a Hillary their influence, and everything else that comes with establishment power Supreme Court would consist of the " Regressive Left , Militant feminist    and Black Lives Matter racists " while churches would be forced to " marry whatever tranny orgy stumbles into the chapel at 3AM " . Written from prepared remarks . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like Charlie Nash page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash 