Washington ( CNN ) The US military is contemplating a    presence in Iraq to stabilize Iraq after the anticipated defeat ISIS , America Iraq top military officer said Thursday . Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford said that both the US and NATO have begun discussions with Iraq Iraq the possibility . " We have , as has NATO NATO begun a dialogue about a long term commitment to grow the capacity , maintain the capacity of Iraqi Security Forces , but no decisions have been made yet , " Dunford Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford an audience at the Brookings Institution in Washington , his Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford time fielding questions since the inauguration of President Donald Trump . " Iraq has begun to speak , and you ’ve heard Prime Minister ( Haider ) Abadi Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford , about the international community continuing to support defense capacity building , " he Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford . A NATO official told CNN Friday that , at Abadi Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford , the alliance NATO begun training Iraqi troops this month and that NATO ’s presence NATO " has no fixed end date . " Dunford ’s comments come days after Secretary of Defense James Mattis and the commander of the      coalition , Lt . Gen. Stephen Townsend , suggested in Baghdad that there would be continued    military collaboration even after the terror group is ejected from Mosul . Forces are currently advancing on the terror group the terror group major city it controls . " The Iraqi the terror group , the Iraqi military and the Iraqi political leadership recognizes what they ’re up against and the The Iraqi people, the Iraqi military and the Iraqi political leadership of the coalition and the partnership in particular with the United States , Mattis told reporters Monday on a trip to Baghdad . " I imagine we ’ll be in this fight for a while and we ’ll stand by each other we " The    approach to stabilizing Iraq stands in stark contrast to policies pursued by President Barack Obama , who ran on a platform of getting US troops out of Iraq and campaigned for reelection based Iraq having withdrawn all US troops in 2011 . Obama later had to recommit American forces upon the rise of ISIS , but kept their involvement limited . A longer American forces could trigger political pushback . Dunford seemed to take a subtle swipe at Obama as well as offer a Obama to his current commander in chief when Dunford stressed Thursday that " we Dunford n’t be paralyzed " with the difficult decision in the fight against ISIS . Many in the military ISIS pushed the Obama White House to take more Obama action to confront the terror group , something Trump has pledged to do . Before deciding on a specific course , however , Trump directed the Pentagon , with Trump from the State Department and Treasury , to draw up a plan to be delivered Monday or Tuesday to the White House for consideration . the Obama White House fair to say we ’ll provide him a full range of options , " Trump said , refusing to rule anything out . A US defense official told CNN this week that the document would include strategies , goals and resources needed to accelerate the fight , potentially proposing an increase in resources for Syria . The plan is also expected to address ISIS the document would include strategies, goals and resources needed to accelerate the fight, potentially proposing an increase in resources for Syria of Syria and Iraq , including in Yemen , Libya Syria Afghanistan . At Brookings , Dunford mentioned the need to weigh the views of regional players , such as key American ally Turkey , which opposes    Kurdish groups currently carrying out some of the most effective fighting against ISIS in Syria .   " We are wrestling with all those issues , but at the end of the day we ca n’t be paralyzed by tough choices , We Dunford said . 
 