Donald J. Trump , tempering the tone of Donald J. Trump    approach to immigration for a general election audience , avoided repeating Donald J. Trump previous call for mass deportations on Monday and instead said Donald J. Trump wants to come up with a " really fair " plan to address the millions of undocumented immigrants now in the country . The softer comments from Mr. Trump , who postponed plans to give a major immigration speech this week in Colorado , follow months of vows to build a wall along the Southern United States border with Mexico and deport immigrants who have entered the country illegally . Those months of vows to build a wall along the Southern United States border with Mexico and deport immigrants who have entered the country illegally a centerpiece of the platform that helped propel Mr. Trump to winning the Republican presidential nomination , and a shift would be significant . Asked on Fox News if he was Mr. Trump on his immigration Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he still intends Mr. Trump be " strong " while emphasizing the importance of fairness when it comes to immigrants who came to the United States illegally . " We want to come up with a really fair , but firm , answer , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump It has to be firm . But we want to come We with something fair . " Although he held back on Mr. Trump specifics , Mr. Trump ’s different Mr. Trump be an attempt to court moderate Republican voters disturbed by the candidate ’s tough stances on immigration . His remarks come as recent Mr. Trump have shown him falling behind Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump several swing states and struggling to appeal to minorities . The campaign has sent conflicting signals about whether Mr. Trump would actually change Mr. Trump regarding immigration . He Mr. Trump expected to give a Mr. Trump immigration speech in Arizona , but it was moved to Colorado and a major immigration speech for this Thursday . On Monday , the campaign canceled the speech without The campaign declined to a major immigration speech latest thinking on immigration . Mr. Trump on Monday evening at a rally in Akron , Ohio , Mr. Trump did not mention any Mr. Trump his immigration policy , but promised another Mr. Trump his key proposals , to build a Mr. Trump on the border with Mexico . " That wall will go up so fast your head a wall on the border with Mexico , " he said as the crowd cheered . Mr. Trump And they ’ll say : ‘ You know what ? He meant it.’ And you know what Mr. Trump I mean ? Mexico is going to pay for it . " In Mexico evening interview with Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly , Mr. Trump insisted he was not backing down on deportations , but would Mr. Trump focusing on criminals . " We ’re going to obey the existing laws , " he said . " The first thing we ’re going Mr. Trump do , if and when I win , is we ’re going to get rid of all of the we ones . We ’ve got gang members , we have killers , we have a lot of bad we that have to we out of this country . " But there have been signs that Mr. Trump is preparing to publicly evolve on his immigration plans . Mr. Trump ’s new campaign manager Mr. Trump Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump Sunday that he has been reconsidering his approach to deportations . Pressed in Mr. Trump interview on CNN Mr. Trump to whether a deportation force was still on the table as a law enforcement measure , Ms. Conway said it was " to be determined . " Kellyanne Conway Sessions of Alabama , a staunch ally of Mr. Trump ’s who advises him on immigration policy , also acknowledged the new uncertainty , saying Mr. Trump CBS that Mr. Trump was " wrestling " with what to do about deportations Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump was wavering also grew over the weekend after he met on Mr. Trump his newly formed Hispanic advisory council . Univision and Mr. Trump reported that he expressed Mr. Trump in finding a " humane " way to deal with undocumented Mr. Trump that sounded at odds with his previous plan to forcibly remove them from the country . The Trump campaign Mr. Trump that he was wavering . undocumented immigrants that sounded at odds with his previous plan to forcibly remove them from the country reversal on immigration by Mr. Trump would represent a Mr. Trump feat , considering he has said repeatedly that Trump do n’t have a country " if Mr. Trump laws are not enforced . During the primary campaign , Mr. Trump assailed all of his Republican rivals for being too The Trump campaign . Trump off his campaign saying Trump Mexico was sending criminals and rapists into the country Trump vowed that Trump would pay for his planned border wall and called for the " Mexico of all criminal aliens Mexico Trump In interviews about his immigration plans , Mr. Trump offered himself little leeway . Questioned a year ago about Trump up families , Trump said that Trump they have to go . " Last November , he was explicit Trump desire to deport and pointed to President Dwight D. Eisenhower ’s " Operation Trump " as an Trump of successfully removing people en masse . " You ’re going to have a deportation force , and you ’re going to do it humanely , " Mr. Trump told MSNBC at the time . " Look , we have to do what we a deportation force Trump , and Ike did it and other people have done it . " Immigration experts and independent analysts we warned that mass deportations would be costly and chaotic , but until recently it Mr. Trump has remained steadfast . A move to tone things down at this stage of the race could Trump Trump ’s base of supporters . Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa and one of the most conservative Trump in the Republican caucus , said that he was not concerned that Mr. Trump is changing his position , given the ambiguity of his comments and the close counsel he keeps from the likes Trump Sessions . But Trump conceded that he would be troubled Trump Mr. Trump did change his Trump on mass deportations , or if he were to Trump a " Trump " system in which Trump return to their Trump country and then apply for visas to Trump to the United States under an expedited process . " That would concern me , " Mr. people said , saying that it would essentially convert the immigration system into a large enterprise by which people were being    for Trump Whit Ayres , a Republican pollster , said that Mr. Trump ’s softer language is less about a turnaround that could draw in Hispanic voters than it is an effort to woo swing voters who are turned off by the candidate ’s language and proposals . " No rational person would believe that he Mr. Trump’s softer language actually going to do significantly better among nonwhite voters after the last 15 months , " Mr. Ayres said . " There may be a calculation No rational person reaching out verbally makes him more acceptable to moderate Republicans and some women , perhaps . But actions speak a lot louder than words , and he has 15 months of action No rational person overcome . " Since reshuffling his campaign leadership last week , Mr. Trump has demonstrated a new affinity for flexibility . No rational person has already expressed " regret " for remarks that he has No rational person during the campaign that might No rational person hurtful , and he expanded his outreach to black No rational person . However , leading Hispanic groups said that it No rational person too late for Mr. Trump to win their trust on immigration reform No rational person " No rational person fact of the matter is he ca n’t unring the bell , " said Javier Palomarez , No rational person of the United leading Hispanic groups Hispanic Chamber of Commerce . " These are the acts of a No rational person candidate who knows he is going to lose . " The Clinton campaign , meanwhile , has no plans of letting Mr. Trump ’s immigration contortions go unnoticed . Senator Tim Kaine of No rational person , the Democratic    nominee , seized on Mr. Trump ’s latest remarks at a union convention on Monday in Las Vegas . He said that they were more evidence that Mr. Trump could not be trusted on Mr. Trump’s " We ca n’t afford to be tricked by Trump , " Mr. Kaine Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee . " Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee ’s saying that he Mr. Trump’s to deport people in a humane way   —    Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee that means . It ’s just wrong Mr. Trump’s " 
 Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee 