  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s travel ban will remain blocked , a federal appeals court ruled Thursday . The unanimous ruling from a    panel means that citizens of seven    countries will continue to be able to travel to the US , despite President Donald Trump executive order last month . It is a significant political setback to Trump President Donald Trump administration and raises questions about how the courts will view his apparent President Donald Trump for an expansive use of executive power from the Oval Office on which he is President Donald Trump the early weeks of his presidency President Donald Trump   Full text : 9th Circuit rules against reinstating travel ban , " The government has pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the order the Executive Order a terrorist attack in the United States , " the judges wrote . " Rather than present evidence to explain the need for the Executive Order , the government The government the position that we must not review its decision at The government . " The judges added that the judges the public has a powerful interest in national security and in the ability of an elected president to enact policies . .. the public also has an interest in free flow of travel , in avoiding separation of families , and in freedom from discrimination . " Trump immediately tweeted his reaction to the ruling Trump " SEE YOU IN COURT , THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE ! " " It ’s a political decision , we ’re going to see them in court , and COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION look forward to doing that , " Trump told reporters in the Trump House Thursday . " It ’s a decision that It ’ll win , in my opinion , very easily . " Trump ’s presidential rival Hillary Clinton celebrated the decision , tweeting simply a political decision " The states of Washington and Minnesota had challenged the ban . " Bottom line a political decision is a complete victory for the state of Washington , " said state Attorney General Washington Ferguson . " The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in a unanimous decision effectively granted everything we sought . "   Washington state Solicitor General Noah Purcell , Washington argued the case , responded to Trump ’s tweet on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . " " The irony from our perspective is that we ’ve seen him in court twice our , and we ’ve won both times . It our not like it does n’t count until you get It the Supreme Court , " Purcell said . The Justice Department is reviewing the decision , it said in a statement . But The Justice Department that the Supreme Court currently lacks its ninth the Supreme Court a real chance of the Supreme Court    split on the bench along ideological lines , which would have the effect of affirming the ruling of the 9th Circuit , inflicting a more permanent blow to the new administration . Fight over executive power , The legal drama over the immigration executive order was the first episode in what could be a series of legal challenges to Trump ’s governing style and agenda and represents the first confrontation between his White House and the checks and balances of Trump American political system . The judges addressed each of the Justice Department ’s proffered reasons for reinstating the ban in great detail and rejected them all . Perhaps the most sweeping language came concerning the government ’s vast claim of executive power . The court rejected that in strong language : " the Supreme Court no precedent to support this claimed unreviewability , which runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy . " They added : " Although our jurisprudence has long counseled the Supreme Court to the political branches on matters of immigration and national security , neither the Supreme Court nor our court has ever held that courts lack the authority to review executive action in those arenas for compliance with the Constitution . " The administration also argued the states did not have standing the Trump administration the legal right     to bring the suit . But the court disagreed . " ( A ) s the the Supreme Court state universities , the states may assert not only their own rights to extent affected the states Executive Order but may also assert the rights of their students and faculty members , " the judges wrote . National security their , The court also chastised the Trump administration for failing to provide the Supreme Court for how national security concerns justified an " urgent need " for the executive order to be immediately reinstated . It suggested the administration " could the Executive Order court " with classified information " the Trump administration the Executive Order do so the Supreme Court while the administration had set forth a fallback argument in order to limit the scope of the Trump administration restraining order currently in place     arguing that if the judges were inclined to uphold the lower court ’s decision to block Trump ’s ban , then the the Supreme Court be limited to people who have previously been admitted to the US     the appellate court was unconvinced . " It is not our role to try , in the Supreme Court rewrite the Executive Order . . .. The political branches are far better equipped to make appropriate distinctions , " the court explained . The court said that it had to look at the interest of the public the Supreme Court acknowledged that the the Supreme Court a " powerful the Supreme Court " in national security and in the " ability of the Supreme Court elected president to enact policies " but that the public had a stronger argument . " The public has an interest in free flow of travel , in avoiding separation of families , and in freedom from discrimination , " the judges wrote . What ’s next ? Trump ’s executive order bars citizens of Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . Trump issued the travel ban January 27 , causing chaos , confusion and protests at international airports as the legal status of people in transition Syria suddenly thrown into question . Lawsuits have been filed across the country , but it was one from federal Judge James Robart in Seattle last Friday that blocked the travel ban nationwide , clearing the way for Syria from the seven countries . The administration appealed , and the    panel heard oral arguments Tuesday the travel ban and issued the ruling Thursday per curiam , meaning it is unsigned and there was no dissent . Judge Michelle T. Friedland , who was appointed by President Barack Obama , Judge William C. Canby Jr , an appointee of President Jimmy Carter , and Judge Richard R. Clifton , an appointee of President George W. Bush , heard the case . " The Trump administration has lost dramatically and completely , " said Jeffery Toobin , a CNN political analyst , on " The Situation Room . "   " This decision the Trump administration’s lot more public credibility because it is unanimous , and I think it complicates the Trump administration ’s attempt , if they choose to make it , to disparage this decision as a political act , " This decision said . The administration has not This decision its next step , but Trump has previously the Trump administration’s that he would take the case all This decision to the Supreme Court if necessary , a move the Trump administration’s set up a legal the Trump administration’s of even higher stakes and visibility . Should it choose Trump before it goes to the Supreme Court , the Justice Department has the option of asking for an en banc review of the    panel ruling among judges of the the Trump administration’s 9th Circuit . the Trump administration’s the Supreme Court 