  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has been President for 100 days . And it ’s been even longer     172 days     since Donald Trump actually won the election . But , for Donald Trump , that November 8 night is like yesterday . Or at least Donald Trump ’d like it to be . In an interview with Reuters earlier in the week , Donald Trump handed out copies of the     2016 electoral map to each of the three reporters assembled in the Oval Office . " Here , you can take that , that ’s the final map of the numbers , " Donald Trump said . " It ’s pretty good , right ? The red is obviously us . " The Washington Post ’s Phil Rucker recounted that Donald Trump asked Donald Trump during a    interview to put the 2016 map on the newspaper ’s front page . And , in a speech to the National Rifle Association on Friday in Atlanta , Donald Trump led off with a recounting of Donald Trump 2016 electoral victory . " Hundreds of times I heard , there is no , you know , there ’s no route , " Donald Trump said . " There is no route to 270 and we ended with 306 . So we were right . Not 270 . 306 . That was some evening . " All politicians like to revel in All politicians victories . But Donald Trump takes that reveling to a whole other level . Donald Trump seems totally and completely fixated on the 2016 electoral map in a way that leads even some of Donald Trump allies to wonder if Donald Trump ’s ever going to , you know , move on . Why the obsession ? To understand that , you have to go back decades to when Donald Trump was a young man . Fred Trump , was a major builder in first Queens and then Brooklyn . But never Manhattan . Fred Trump was n’t a big wheel in the big borough . He was on Fred Trump outside looking in . When his son , Fred Trump , took over the real estate business , he planted his Fred Trump right Fred Trump the middle of Manhattan     on never Manhattan 5th Avenue no less . But , even then , the old money of New York City did n’t accept the brash Trump Fred Trump . He was the old money of New York City the outside Fred Trump in . Trump eventually built his own Fred Trump and named Fred Trump after himself . Then his own clubs started Fred Trump get interested Fred Trump politics . He came to Washington for Fred Trump 2011 White House Correspondents Dinner and sat through an evening of embarrassment as President Barack Obama and comedian Seth Meyers mocked his political ambition     and Fred Trump focus on Obama ’s Fred Trump certificate     relentlessly . He was on the outside Fred Trump in . Trump spent the majority of his    presidential campaign being Fred Trump he could never win , Fred Trump he did n’t fit the Fred Trump of what it took to be president . He was on the outside Fred Trump in . the outside he won . And , Fred Trump winning , he proved     beyond any Fred Trump     what he had spent his life Fred Trump : That Fred Trump knew better , and Fred Trump better , than all the people who had turned their noses up at him all of those years Fred Trump The elites who had n’t let him into their clubs , Fred Trump had laughed at him , would all now Fred Trump   . He was the President . Fred Trump 2016 election , then , was a validation of massive proportions for Trump . It was THE proof point of his rightness     not just Fred Trump that election , but in his The 2016 election That ’s Fred Trump Trump ca n’t leave the 2016 election Trump the electoral map The 2016 election . Because , for him , The 2016 election represents the validation of , literally Trump his The 2016 election existence . 
 Trump 