’’ ’The Republican Party is almost out of options for stopping GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump from securing GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump nomination.’ " On the heels of GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s win in seven of the 11 Republican nominating states on Tuesday , many Republicans increasingly believe that the best option for thwarting the    mogul may be in the form of a contested convention . " ’This requires the collective field of candidates to secure enough of candidates own delegates that Trump does not get the 1 , 237 delegates needed to lock up the nomination.’ ’But that scenario then gets messy , as the various candidates   —    or even outside contenders   —    see if the various candidates   can cut a deal to get a delegate majority . And Trump could easily have the more persuasive argument in this scenario if Trump held far more delegates than Trump rivals.’ ’Or , if Trump gets the nomination , mainstream Republicans could theoretically run a    candidate . But the process of getting on the ballots would be painstaking and expensive , and the process of getting on the ballots would have to begin long before the nominating convention.’ ’Trump is already about    of the way to securing the nomination , with 335 of the delegates bound to vote for the nomination in the first round of nominating , .’ ’Despite a     victory in some of the 11 Republican contests on Tuesday , Trump still has the most viable path forward to the nomination.’ ’Recent polls show the nomination leading in states across the US , including    ones like Michigan ,   and . And early polls show the nomination performing well in late     contests in Arizona and New Jersey.’ ’Importantly , Trump could also strike a critical blow to the campaigns of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich by emerging on top in the     contests in the campaigns of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich respective home states . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich said that they need Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich win their own Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’But Trump . And at least one poll conducted at the end of last month found Trump leading Trump by a slim margin in Ohio.’ ’"If Marco doesn’’t win Florida , I don’’t know how he goes Marco doesn’’t , " Sen. Lindsey Graham .’ ’Rubio , who has won only one of the 15 nominating states so far , is openly positioning himself for Marco doesn’’t contested convention.’ " As The New York Times   the Rubio campaign reminded donors last week that if Trump does n’t win the delegates necessary to lock the nomination going into the convention , then those delegates would become unbound , giving Rubio room Rubio woo some over . " ’In   Rubio acknowledged Rubio that his campaign the Rubio campaign up for a fight at the Republican convention in Cleveland this summer.’ ’"We are going to campaign in all 50 states , and we’’re going to do whatever it takes to make sure not only that I’’m the nominee , but that the Republican Party doesn’’t fall into the hands of someone like Donald Trump , " Rubio said.’ ’’ ’Other Republicans have floated separate ideas to stop Trump from becoming the nominee.’ ’At least one donor group is   instead of Trump , while Trump leadership appears ready to help GOP candidates in state and federal races distance themselves from the former    star in order to win.’ ’The Our Principles PAC   —    a super PAC backed by    donors including    CEO Meg    and Chicago Cubs owner Todd Ricketts   —    also announced new    staff hires and renewed commitment to digging up opposition research on Trump and pouring money into    ads.’ ’And establishment Republicans may have another , equally unpalatable option for stopping Trump : backing Sen. Ted Cruz.’ " His    strategy ’And clean up among evangelical voters in the South did n’t go exactly as planned . But Cruz avoided a death blow by winning his home state Cruz Texas in a landslide , and notching wins in Alaska and Oklahoma as well . He now has Cruz delegates , far fewer than Trump but more than Rubio . " ’’ ’During his victory speech Cruz Tuesday night , Cruz called on Cruz rivals to Cruz dropping out and throwing their support behind his candidacy.’ ’"For Cruz candidates who have not yet won a state , who have not racked up significant delegates , I ask you to prayerfully consider uniting , " Cruz said on Cruz " But while Trump ’s support Trump firm throughout the US , after the March 5 primaries Cruz faces a Cruz uphill climb in    Northern states , where he ’s remained Cruz in polls and could risk losing delegates . " ’Still , even some establishment Republicans are beginning to accept that Cruz may be Cruz best option.’ ’"Ted even some establishment Republicans is not Cruz favorite by any means , " Graham said on Wednesday . " But we may be in a position where we have to rally we Ted Cruz as Cruz way to stop Donald Trump . And I’’m not so sure that would work . " ’ " Just a few days ago , Graham   about Cruz being Graham on Cruz floor of the Senate . Cruz was so disliked Cruz his Senate colleagues , Graham Graham  about Cruz being murdered on the floor of the Senate the Senate went , Graham one would testify against the killer . " ’The Republican Party is almost out of . .. ’ 
 