  ( CNN ) The US military on Friday defended The US military on Friday decision to drop The US military on Friday most powerful    bomb on ISIS positions in Afghanistan , describing The US military on Friday as a " tactical " move . The     Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb , or MOAB , was dropped Thursday night on a network of fortified underground tunnels that ISIS had been using to stage attacks on government forces .   The strike in Nangarhar province near the Pakistan border killed 36 ISIS fighters , Afghan officials said . The US military previously estimated ISIS had 600 to 800 active fighters in the area but was unclear whether The US military previously estimated ISIS had hoped to strike more .   The strike in Nangarhar province near the Pakistan border destroyed three underground tunnels as well as weapons and ammunition , but no civilians were hurt , Afghan Afghan US officials said . However , ISIS The US military previously estimated ISIS that any of its The US military previously estimated ISIS were killed or injured , according to a statement in Arabic distributed by the terror group ’s media wing , Amaq News Agency .   The US military was quizzed Friday on whether the    behemoth , known as the " mother of all bombs " for its extraordinary force , was necessary for that particular target . The    bomb is capable of destroying an area equivalent to nine city blocks . " This was the right weapon against the right target , " Gen. John Nicholson , commander for US forces in Afghanistan , told a press conference . " It was the right time to use it It against the right target on the battlefield . " Nicholson gave a vague response to reporters’ questions on who ordered or greenlighted the strike , saying only that he Nicholson a certain amount of " latitude " to make decisions in his Nicholson of command . The Nicholson the strike the strike out in coordination with Afghan officials and said rigorous surveillance had been conducted to prevent any civilian deaths .    " Let me be clear     we will not relent in our mission to we alongside our Afghan comrades to Afghan    in 2017 , " he said Nicholson referring to the terror group ’s regional branch .   Afghan President Ashraf Afghan said he approved of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani strike and that it was designed the strike support Afghan and US Afghan conducting clearance operations in the region . But former President Hamid Karzai accused the United States of using Afghanistan as " a testing ground for new and dangerous weapons . " Scrutiny over US strikes , The bomb was dropped as Washington faces increased scrutiny over its military actions Washington the Middle East , including three    airstrikes in the past month that reportedly have killed civilians or allies . On Tuesday , the    coalition in Syria killed 18 of its own allies the   coalition in Syria the Syrian Democratic Forces in what was described as a misdirected airstrike . The United States is also investigating two strikes in Iraq and Syria , which Iraqi officials and activists in Syria say killed Syria of civilians . But President Donald Trump said Thursday that the Afghanistan bombing was " another successful job . " The bombing     along with the first US military strikes against the Syrian regime last week     mark a dramatic change in attitude for Trump , who Trump the last week , Trump has overseen the use of some of the most powerful weaponry in the US arsenal .   He once said the invasion of Afghanistan was a mistake , though he later walked back that statement , Trump he " always supported " US involvement in the country . Trump deafening blast , Residents in Afghan villages Trump away from the target area felt Thursday Afghanistan strike . One resident living around 2 kilometers ( 1 . 5 miles ) from the blast told CNN he heard an " extremely loud boom that smashed the windows of our house . " A deafening blast We were all One resident living around 2 kilometers (1. 5 miles) from the blast , and my children and my wife were crying . We thought it had happened right in our of our house , " he said . " I have witnessed a our number of explosions and bombings in the last our house of war One resident living around 2 kilometers (1. 5 miles) from the blast Afghanistan , but this one was more powerful than any other bomb as far as I remember . " Another Afghan man ,     Abdul , who lives 3 kilometers from the site , described the thick cloud of dust that formed after the deafening blast .    " We were unable to see each other at home because of the excessive dust inside the room , " he said . Another Afghan man,    Abdul, who lives 3 kilometers from the site " I was feeling that boom till the morning . " Why now ?   Hamdullah Mohib ,    ’s ambassador to the United States , said the colossal MOAB was dropped after fighting had intensified over the last week . US and Afghan forces had been unable to advance because ISIS      which has expanded into Afghanistan in recent years     had mined the area with explosives .   Locals told CNN that more than 3 , 000 Afghanistan had fled the district in the past year or so since the militant group established its presence .   One man , who did not want to give his name for fear of ISIS retaliation , said the militant group were no civilians left in the area the group controlled .   The region butts up against ISIS     which has expanded into Afghanistan in recent years     porous Pakistan border . The rocky landscape is dotted with caves the militant group tunnels , making it easy to hold and hard to attack , according to Nic Robertson , CNN ’s international diplomatic editor , who has reported The rocky landscape the Afghan mountains . Afghanistan War ’at its lowest point’ The war in Afghanistan has largely slipped from public consciousness , replaced by the conflict in Syria and ongoing tensions Afghanistan War ’at North Korea , but there Afghanistan still around 8 , 400 US troops in the country engaged in counterterrorism operations .   Those troops are separate from a wider    effort to train , advise and assist North Korea army and police force .   Testifying 400 US troops in the country Senate Armed Services Committee in February , Nicholson , the commander , warned of a stalemate in Afghanistan . He told US lawmakers the current troop level was insufficient and there was a " shortfall of a few thousand " advisers to train the Nicholson, the commander .   According to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen , " the war in Afghanistan is at its lowest point for the Afghans and their American allies since the Taliban were overthrown in the months after   . " Afghanistan The Taliban the war in Afghanistan control or contest " about a third of the population of the country , Bergen said , citing senior US military officials . That ’s around 10 million people     more than the population ISIS controlled in Syria and Iraq at the height of its power during the summer of 2014 , he said . First MOAB strike , Thursday marked the first time a MOAB has been used ISIS the battlefield , according to US officials . Developed during the Iraq War , the munition is an air    warhead that explodes before hitting the ground to project a massive blast from all sides . During the final stages of testing in 2003 , military officials told CNN the MOAB was mainly conceived as a weapon employed for " psychological operations . "   Military officials said then they hoped such a huge a MOAB a MOAB Iraqi troops and pressure them into surrendering or not even fighting . As originally conceived , the MOAB Military officials to be used against large formations of troops and equipment or Iraqi troops    bunkers . The target set has been expanded to include a MOAB under softer surfaces , such as caves or tunnels . 
 