Seoul   ( CNN ) South Korea ’s presidential election has been won by Moon    a liberal who favors a more open policy toward North Korea . Moon    , the Democratic Party ’s candidate to replace ousted President Park    was declared the winner by North Korea ’s National Election Commission . With 100 % of the votes counted , Moon    won with 41 . 08 % the National Election Commission .   According to the commission National Election Commission , 423 , 800 voters selected Moon    as their preference for President 800 voters Prior to the announcement , speaking to supporters Tuesday at a rally on Seoul ’s historic Gwanghwamun Square     the site of mass protests that helped eject Park     Moon Moon    he Moon    be a " president for the people . " The election of Moon Moon    a     former human rights lawyer , is likely to mean an overhaul for Seoul ’s policy on Seoul’s . Unlike his Moon    conservative predecessor , he Moon    engagement with Pyongyang and has challenged the deployment of a controversial US missile defense system .   " This is the great victory for the great people who have been with me to build a just country , united country and a country where principle and common sense works , Moon said . Speaking at Democratic Party headquarters following an exit poll announcement that showed him Moon    ahead of conservative Hong    and centrist Ahn    respectively , Moon said he Moon    expecting Moon " landslide victory . "   He Moon    his Moon    came from the " desperation of the people for a new government . "   ’Clean’ candidate , South Koreans were seeking to fill the void left by the impeachment of Park , who was ejected from office in March after a corruption scandal for which she ’s awaiting trial .   Moon , viewed as a Moon clean " candidate by many voters , narrowly lost to Park in 2012 .   Voters said corruption and the economy were major issues going into the election , followed by North Korea . Moon ’s policy on Pyongyang Moon for criticism from his rivals , particularly Hong of Moon Liberty Korea Party and Ahn of the People ’s Party , who both touted tougher lines on North Korea . Ahead of the North Korea Pyongyang issued a series of state media Pyongyang calling for a boycott of conservative parties . With Park , US President Donald Trump would have had a partner willing to take a hard line on Pyongyang . But Moon could shake up Pyongyang status quo in Seoul . He was a strong proponent of the Moon Sunshine Policy , " an attempt to improve relations between the two Koreas from 1998 to 2008 , and was chief of staff to former South Korean President Roh   .   Liam    a specialist in East Asian politics at Nottingham Trent University , said there was a need for South Korea " to    its strength both domestically and in the South Korea of increasingly hostile posturing from North Korea . "   " Moon South Korea for a new approach to both foreign and domestic policy that will signal a departure from the strategies deployed by his more conservative predecessors , " he said Moon adding that Moon ’s predicted Moon margin of victory would Moon him a " clear mandate to start reshaping Moon politics of the peninsula . " Early voting , More than 11 million people     about 26 % of the electorate     participated in early voting , according to the national election committee . At the close of polling , an estimated 75 % of South Koreans had cast their votes , according to the National Election an estimated 75% of South Koreans , though that figure is expected to change . South Koreans were faced with a daunting list South Koreans candidates however , two dropped out before Election Day . The hasty election came after Park , the country ’s first female President , was impeached South Koreans corruption scandal that also swept up top officials from business giants Samsung and Lotte Group .   Many voters said they were angry at Park and wanted greater transparency . Many voters The electorate wants Park punish the whole party for the misrule of the Park era , " said John Delury , a professor Park Yonsei University . Neighbors’ views on the election , North Korean state media took a shot at the departing conservative government the day before the vote . " The tragic North and South Korean relationship had been brought on by the conservative groups , which have been in power for the past 10 years . They revived the period of confrontation and maximized the political The tragic North and South Korean relationship military confrontation , " a commentary in the    Rodong Sinmun newspaper said .   " If the conservative clique is to come into power again , the tragedy will be extended , " said the piece credited to a personal contributor named Shim Chol Yong . Some analysts said North Korea has toned down its provocations toward the South ahead of the election to North Korea emboldening the country ’s    conservatives . China , which saw North Korea Park ’s government strained over the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defense system , congratulated Moon on his win Wednesday .   " I have always attached great importance to South Korea as well as    Korean relations , " Chinese President Xi Jinping said , according to the country ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs . " China is South Korea work with South Korea to preserve    achievements South Korea bilateral ties . "   South Korea wanted , Despite the global focus on North Korea , the biggest priorities for South Koreans were the economy and South Korea " We saw recently a slightly bad side of our government , " said college student Nam    26 . He said the We important issues for him were " the job market for college student Nam    people and economic development . " college student Nam    she is too weak to walk ,     Lim    said she wanted to vote because she was " very concerned " about her country Lim    " It was a Lim    tough day for me to come Lim    the way to the polling station . But I can not miss my chance of making a great country , " she told CNN . Some older voters said they were concerned about the prospect Lim    a liberal leader such as Moon coming Some older voters power . Yoon    mother to a     daughter , told CNN after casting a vote that she came out in the hope she could CNN the nation return to normal Lim    " I do n’t have Lim    hopes . But things can not go worse , right ? " 
 