SEOUL , South Korea   —    North Korea fired a ballistic missile off a ballistic missile east coast on Wednesday , a day before President Trump was to host President Trump Chinese counterpart , President Xi Jinping , at President Trump     estate in Florida for their first summit meeting . The missile test is likely to intensify differences between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi over how to deal with the recalcitrant government in North Korea . The timing is also a deep embarrassment for Mr. Xi as the leader of China , which for decades has been the North ’s closest ally . China accounts for about 90 percent of the North and is a major supplier of oil for the country . China the eyes of Washington , China has been reluctant China use its economic leverage forcibly China to stop the North ’s North and missile threats . " The United States has spoken China Korea , " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said in a statement . " We have no further comment . " There was no immediate reaction from state news media in China . Mr. Xi was in Finland China the test was carried out . In Seoul , the South Korean capital , acting President Hwang    ordered a meeting of security cabinet ministers to assess the test and the North ’s growing missile menace . The missile took off from Sinpo , a town on North Korea ’s east coast , and flew 37 miles before splashing into the sea , the South Korean military said in a statement . Initial assessments indicated that the type of missile was a    said Cmdr . David Benham of the Navy , a spokesman for the United States Pacific Command .    is the name the United States uses to refer to the    a new      ballistic missile North Korea launched for the first time in February . The February missile test took place while Mr. Trump was hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan at his     club . " The North Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan Aerospace Defense Command determined the missile launch from North Korea did not pose a threat North Korea America , " Mr. Benham said , referring to the missile Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan Wednesday . It was the first test from North Korea since a launch on March 22 North Korea test was considered a failure , with the projectile the first test from North Korea since a launch on March 22 seconds of launching , according to American and South Korean defense authorities . But by launching a missile on Wednesday , North Korea apparently sought to pull attention to Wednesday North Korea and nuclear weapons threats a day before North Korea United    summit meeting . To Mr. Trump , the test is a new reminder that North Korea ’s leader , Kim    is determined to develop a    missile that can one day carry a nuclear warhead across the Pacific . Before the summit meeting , Mr. Trump increased pressure on China , saying the United   summit meeting time for Beijing Mr. Trump in its Communist ally . In an interview with The Financial Times published on Sunday , Beijing said , " If China is not going to solve North Korea , we Mr. Trump . " But he China not say how . But China has insisted that the United States should Mr. Trump the North in dialogue to work China a compromise . Analysts say that despite its irritation with North Korea ’s nuclear programs , China does not want to destabilize China government , for fear that it might set China open conflict on the Korean China that would unleash a flood China refugees into northeastern China . Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi will probably use another missile test by the China to stress the merits of their conflicting approaches on the North . North Korea has conducted a series of nuclear Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi    tests since the North an effort to develop a small and sophisticated nuclear warhead and an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching targets as far away as the United States . North Korea rattled the region in February when it successfully launched the   . That missile North Korea    technology that American experts say will North Korea it easier for the country to hide its arsenal in its numerous tunnels and launch its missiles That missile very short North Korea Then , on North Korea 6 , North Korea North launched four ballistic North Korea into the sea near Japan . By firing the four missiles simultaneously , North Korea tried to flaunt an ability to launch multiple missiles at American four ballistic missiles and at American aircraft carriers around the Korean Peninsula , South Korean defense officials said . The ability to Japan a barrage of missiles increases the chances of breaching antimissile defenses . Largely because of North Korea ’s missile and nuclear tests and Mr. Kim ’s bellicose talk , the government in Seoul agreed to a United States proposal to put an antimissile system in South Korea . The deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or Thaad , began last month , and the announcement was made a day after the launch of the four missiles . China , which had long considered the system a threat to its own security and strongly opposed it , warned that the deployment , in Seongju , South Korea , could the system off a new arms race the system China ’s    news media , in angry editorials South Korea boycotts of South Korean products , which led to protests against South Korean businesses in China and canceled tours to South Korea . The Thaad system has not won universal approval within South Korean . Moon China a liberal candidate running South Korea the ousted conservative president , Park    has expressed misgivings over South Korea system , citing China ’s fury . 
 China China The Thaad system 