  ( CNN ) While leaders in Cuba make preparations for Fidel Castro ’s funeral , one top official in Miami says one top official in Miami ’s preparing for another possibility : increased immigration .    County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto M. Carvalho said the district is getting ready for a " potential influx of child and adult learners " after Fidel Castro’s ’s death . " the district are ready to work with state and federal entities to secure the appropriate and necessary support to deliver educational services to all who , in light of today ’s development , may arrive in our community , " County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto M. Carvalho said in a statement Saturday .   " Just as our did during the 1980 Mariel Boatlift and the 1994 Cuban rafter exodus , this school district will continue this school district    history of opening our arms to welcome , embrace , and educate all students . " It ’s unclear how Castro ’s death will impact emigration from the island . But a surge of immigrants from Cuba have already been making a surge of immigrants from Cuba way to the United States .   Experts say several factors are fueling a spike in the number of Cubans who brave dangerous journeys by land and by sea . Chief among the number of Cubans who brave dangerous journeys by land and by sea : fear that US policies that put Cubans on a fast track to legal residency could be repealed as relations between the two countries improve . Could that happen ? It ’s possible , but the reason might have more to do with who ’s in the White House then who ’s at the helm in Cuba .    Donald Trump has threatened to undo efforts by President Barack Obama to bring the US and Cuba closer together , although Donald Trump said some sort of a deal is " fine . " Donald Trump ’s also slammed the Cuban Adjustment Act , which makes Cuban immigrants eligible to apply for a green card after a year and a day in Cuba . Miami has been the epicenter of the Cuban exile community for decades . More than 260 , 000 Cubans left in a    airlift between 1965 and 1973 . In 1980 , Castro let another 125 , 000 leave in the chaotic Mariel boatlift . At other times , desperate Cubans have fled the island nation in makeshift boats across the treacherous Straits of Florida . Thousands died from drowning or exposure to the brutal Caribbean sun . The trek remains dangerous , according to the US Coast Guard , and so far this year , thousands of people have made it The trek " While there are not currently any indications of a mass migration , we are actively monitoring the situation and we we plans in place should we we to respond to one , " US Coast Guard Lt . Cmdr . Ryan Kelley said Monday . 
 