  ( CNN ) As Donald Trump tries to shift the presidential campaign narrative away from accusations of sexual assault and Donald Trump boasts about groping women , Donald Trump ’s reviving themes , and a style , America has not heard so clearly since the Nixon years . Indeed , with a candidate tutored by one of Nixon ’s dirty tricksters facing an opponent who worked for the Congressional committee that investigated Watergate , we may be witnessing the last skirmish in the only political war that ever brought down an American president . Trump ’s current emphasis , offered at recent rallies , has been on what Trump’s terms the corruption of the " establishment " that supposedly controls America in collaboration with " media corporations " who recognize in Trump’s an " existential threat . " Leaving out only the Illuminati , Trump’s argument is a fever dream of conspiracy theories that evokes Nixon at Nixon paranoid worst . The main difference is that , unlike Nixon , Trump constructed Nixon     brand , and Nixon presidential bid , with the ample assistance of the media Nixon now scapegoats . How strange it must be for a man who has received free publicity worth billions of dollars to find himself feeling victimized by the press .   For Nixon , journalists became a sworn enemy in 1962 when Nixon was defeated in the race for governor of California and declared , " You wo n’t have Nixon to kick around anymore , because , gentlemen , this is my last press conference . " In fact it was n’t Nixon last press conference because , like Trump , he Trump n’t resist the lure of attention and power . He Trump back to run for president in 1968 , getting advice from a young Roger Ailes ( now the disgraced founder of Fox News and a Trump Trump ) who helped him Trump to the medium of television .    Once Nixon was in office , Vice President Spiro Agnew served as his Vice President Spiro Agnew attack dog . But instead of crude ,    rants     Trump Trump reporters are " scum " and " slime " and " disgusting "     Agnew Vice President Spiro Agnew the elegant " nattering nabobs of negativity . " When Agnew Vice President Spiro Agnew driven out of office in a bribery scandal in 1973 , Nixon added the press to his Vice President Spiro Agnew of complaint , which included grievances against many groups of people he Vice President Spiro Agnew elites .    Nixon Nixon to his Nixon in a natural way . Born into a poor family , he Nixon nursed grudges against people he Nixon as haughty ,    snobs . He Nixon this      attitude into politics where , in his Nixon 1950 Senate campaign , he Nixon his Nixon as a secret communist . ( His Nixon also placed phone calls in which she was described as a " movie Jew . ") Nixon believed , in the words of Roger Stone , " You had to galvanize those who shared your values , resentments , and anger to reach a governing majority by winning an election . "    A young Stone served Nixon Nixon planting false stories about his A young Stone during the 1972 campaign .   After his A young Stone was driven from office by the Watergate scandal , Stone A young Stone one of the Nixon alumni who would convert the trauma of disgrace into decades of seeking to settle scores . Like Nixon Nixon first campaign manager , who said " the purpose of an election is not to defeat an opponent , but to destroy him Nixon " Stone A young Stone a    approach that includes promoting conspiracy theories , such as the notion that Lyndon Johnson was behind John F. Kennedy ’s assassination .    In the current campaign , he Lyndon Johnson best known for developing outrageous theories about both Clintons , including much of the material Trump now uses , without proof , to argue that Bill committed many sexual assaults , and somehow it is Mrs. Clinton who should be scorned for enabling him Lyndon Johnson   Trump Trump n’t born poor . In fact his Trump was one of the richest men in America . However , he Trump an outer borough kind of fellow who found himself Trump by Manhattan society , and this rejection hurt . In the early 1970s , ironically enough , the Nixon administration charged his Nixon firm with discrimination against black applicants for apartments . Trump responded with pugnacious aggression , claiming " reverse discrimination " in a lawsuit that was soon dismissed .     Later came reports of his Trump view of Jews and    and a stream of his Trump racially insensitive remarks . Having received an admiring letter from the    himself      " whenever you decide to run for office you ’ll be a winner ! "     Trump Trump to express himself Trump a       tough guy as he Trump newspaper ads to advocate for the death penalty . He Trump resentment over affirmative action and opposed marriage equality for gays and lesbians . During the current presidential race , Trump Trump borrowed one of Nixon ’s catch phrases , calling his Trump the " silent majority . " Like Nixon Nixon who said he Trump a secret plan to end the Vietnam war , Trump Trump he Trump a secret plan to defeat ISIS . His Trump campaign theme of " Make America Great Again " evokes nostalgia for the 1950s , when the United States dominated world affairs and heterosexual white males enjoyed unchallenged primacy . In Trump Trump view , as in Nixon ’s , rivals are enemies who lurk everywhere and form wicked conspiracies .       In a recent campaign speech , Trump Trump all of his Trump together and described them all of his enemies participants in a vast conspiracy intended not only to defeat him Trump but to destroy the country . Clinton resides at the heart of the conspiracy because , he Clinton , she Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers , her Clinton interest friends , and her Clinton . " Historically , the term " international banks " has been modified with the word " Jewish " by those who seek to exploit    for political purposes . Today , just as overt racism is socially unacceptable ,    views about international finance are beyond the pale . But there ’s no mistaking the dog whistle signal Trump offered as he Trump of a " small handful of global special interests rigging the system . " At the Florida rally where Trump Trump these accusations , he Trump interrupted several times by cries of " Lock her Trump ! Lock her Trump ! " The chant echoed Trump Trump that , if elected , he will Trump his opponent Trump prosecution and imprisonment . Trump ’s Trump which defies our democratic traditions , went beyond anything Nixon ever said , even though he did seek Nixon use the government to punish his enemies . Nixon , who seems willing to take Nixonism to its logical end Nixonism might consider how it worked out Nixonism the man who created the art form . 
 