  ( CNN ) Walk through campus at East Carolina University in Greenville , North Carolina , and ask students whom they plan to vote for , and Hillary Clinton ’s struggle to win millennial voters is immediately clear . Take three students who were standing together outside a student center . None was a Republican . None likes Donald Trump . But only one said Donald Trump would vote for Hillary Clinton . Courting young voters is a central part of the Hillary Clinton campaign ’s grassroots efforts in the final weeks before Election Day , and for good reason . Young voters fueled President Barack Obama ’s victories . Donald Trump got 60 % of      in 2012 , a demographic that was nearly 20 % of the vote . This week Hillary Clinton predicted This week could grow to 25 % this year . To lure them to Hillary Clinton campaign , Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ramped up efforts to engage millennials     especially Bernie Sanders supporters     by bringing on several of the Vermont senator ’s former campaign aides to mobilize voters under age 35 . The her campaign also hired youth directors in swing states across the country to lead the charge registering and courting voters on more than 280 college campuses . Lillie Catlin , Clinton campaign ’s North Carolina Youth Director , told us that     not surprisingly     a big part of their efforts Lillie Catlin, Clinton campaign on social media : Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , Snapchat     any and all tools millennials use to communicate with one another , the campaign uses too . " We have a really exciting digital program and a lot of it ’s the campaign run by our campus We themselves , " Catlin said . " We ca n’t , you know , knock on every dorm and students move every year and so it ’s , you know having those kinds of conversations but through our text lists and on Twitter , " she added Clinton Still , polls show Clinton is under performing with millennials , so the campaign is deploying    surrogates . Sanders is lobbying his army Sanders young supporters , campaigning along side Clinton Clinton Clinton Michelle Obama too is targeting millennials , and her husband is Michelle Obama to help Clinton by going Clinton after this critical part of his winning coalition Clinton Chelsea Clinton also Clinton to college towns . We caught up with her during a visit Clinton North Carolina this week and asked this week mother is having Clinton a challenge exciting millennials . She conceded , " Clinton need to be doing a better job of collectively making the case at what ’s at stake in this election , " noting that only about 55 % of      were even registered to vote at the beginning of 2016 . Chelsea Clinton headlined a forum for students at East Carolina University , talking mostly about the college affordability plan her mother worked on Clinton Sanders after he dropped out of the Sanders race . During     with students , Erick Jenkins told her that he is Clinton Sanders delegate Sanders is now Sanders Secretary Clinton , largely because Chelsea Clinton college plan . Clinton another Sanders delegate , Zackary Pate , Sanders what " moral ground " Hillary Clinton has to stand on Chelsea Clinton as the Democratic nominee . Chelsea Clinton responded by politely thanking him Chelsea Clinton a delegate , and urging Chelsea Clinton to listen to Sanders , who is Chelsea Clinton making the case for Hillary Clinton . During another back and forth Chelsea Clinton , who really came to protest , walked out as Chelsea Clinton was speaking , carrying a sign for Chelsea Clinton candidate Jill Stein . Afterward Pate told us he believes the Democratic primary was rigged for Clinton and Afterward Pate he ’s going to write in Stein Chelsea Clinton name on Afterward Pate ballot     not because he Green Party candidate Jill Stein she can win     but as a way Afterward Pate empower Chelsea Clinton third party . " This is to make a statement that says that every political party and every voice in this country should be heard , and have fair access to people , to media , to debates , to ballot access , to everything that matters and makes us a democratic nation , " he said . Losing millennials to    candidates is a Afterward Pate concern for Clinton . A Quinnipiac University national poll this month found   that 44 % of voters    said they would vote for Stein or Libertarian Gary Johnson , voters    only 31 % said they would back Clinton . Stumping for Clinton this week only 31% Michelle Obama Clinton a vote for Clinton third party is really a vote for Donald Trump . " If you vote for someone other than Hillary , or if you do n’t vote at all , then you are helping to elect Hillary ’s opponent , " said the first lady . At the end of the day Michelle Obama aides say they think the best people to Clinton this case to millennials are Clinton campaign aides peers . Anniken Williams , the Vice President of North Carolina Clinton campaign aides Democrats who sat on stage with Chelsea Clinton this week , admitted afterward that her experience getting friends on the Clinton train has been " pretty Chelsea Clinton . " She Clinton a lot of people she knows have told her they Chelsea Clinton vote for a    candidate Chelsea Clinton " To me Chelsea Clinton a lot of people she knows vote for a third party     I ’ve studied this , I ’m a political science major     when you vote third party you ’re throwing your vote away , " Williams said . She told us that she has successfully changed a few minds making Chelsea Clinton case around campus Chelsea Clinton Back at Clinton campaign headquarters in New York , they collect all kinds of data from their vast grassroots efforts to try to figure out if their efforts they lure millennials is working . But there is an they barometer beyond the fancy metrics that top advisers say is most telling : tracking online sales of Hillary Clinton campaign merchandise . The cooler she is to young people Clinton more they tend to buy her Clinton hats and   . 
 Clinton young people 