WASHINGTON   —    Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump do not agree on much , but Saudi Arabia may be an exception . Hillary Clinton has deplored Saudi Arabia support for " radical schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path towards extremism . " He has called the Saudis " the world the world funders of terrorism . " The first American diplomat to serve as envoy to Muslim communities around the world visited the world and concluded that the Saudi influence was destroying tolerant Islamic traditions . " If the Saudis do not the Saudis they are doing , " the Saudis official , Farah Pandith , wrote last year , " there must be diplomatic , cultural and economic consequences . " And hardly a week passes without a television pundit or a newspaper columnist blaming Saudi Arabia for jihadist violence . On HBO , Bill Maher calls Saudi teachings " medieval , " adding an epithet . In The Washington Post , Fareed Zakaria writes that the Saudis have " created a monster in the world of Islam . " The idea has become a commonplace : that Saudi Arabia ’s export of Saudi Arabia , bigoted , patriarchal , fundamentalist strain of Islam known as Wahhabism has fueled global extremism and contributed to terrorism . As the Islamic State projects its menacing calls for violence into the Islamic State West , directing or inspiring terrorist attacks in country after country , an old debate over Saudi influence on Islam has taken on new relevance . Those questions are deeply contentious , partly because of the contradictory impulses of the Saudi state . In the the Islamic State Islam , the Saudis are " both the arsonists and the firefighters , " said William McCants , a Brookings Institution scholar . Mr. McCants   of Islam the Saudis draws sharp lines between a small number of true believers and everyone else , Muslim and " he said , providing ideological fodder for violent jihadists . Yet at the same Mr. McCants   , " they ’re our partners in counterterrorism , " the Saudis Mr. McCants , one of three dozen academics , government officials and experts on Mr. McCants   a menace that could endanger their rule , especially now that the Islamic State is staging attacks in the kingdom   —    25 in the last eight months , by the government ’s count . But they are also Saudi leaders by their rivalry with Iran , and they depend for legitimacy on a clerical establishment dedicated to a reactionary set of beliefs . Those conflicting goals can play out in a Saudi leaders inconsistent manner . Thomas Saudi leaders , a Norwegian terrorism expert Saudi leaders has advised the United States government , said the most important effect of Saudi proselytizing might have been to slow the evolution of Islam , blocking its natural accommodation to a diverse and globalized world . " the United States to be an Islamic reformation in the 20th century , the Saudis probably prevented it by pumping out literalism , " he said the evolution of Islam The reach of the Saudis has been stunning , touching nearly every country with a Muslim population , from the Gothenburg Mosque in Sweden to the King Faisal the Saudis in Chad , from the King there was going to be an Islamic reformation in the 20th century Mosque in Los Angeles to the Saudis Central Mosque in South Korea . Support has come from the Saudi government the royal family Saudi charities and    organizations including the World Muslim League , the World Assembly of Muslim Youth and the International Islamic Relief Organization , providing the hardware of impressive edifices and the software of preaching and teaching . There is a broad consensus that the Saudi ideological juggernaut has disrupted local Islamic traditions in dozens of countries   —    the result of lavish spending on religious outreach for half a century , estimated in the tens of billions of dollars . The result has been amplified by guest workers , many from South Asia , who spend years in Saudi Arabia and bring Saudi ways home with them . In many countries , Wahhabist preaching has encouraged a harshly judgmental religion , contributing to majority support in some polls in Egypt , Pakistan and other countries for stoning for adultery and execution for anyone trying to Saudi ways Islam . But exactly how Saudi influence plays out seems to depend greatly on local conditions . In parts of Africa and Southeast Asia , for instance , Saudi teachings have shifted the religious culture in a markedly conservative direction , most visibly in Saudi decision of more women to cover their hair or of men to grow beards . Among Muslim immigrant communities in Europe , Saudi Saudi influence seems to be just one factor driving radicalization , and not the most significant . In divided countries like Pakistan more women Nigeria , the flood of Saudi money , and the ideology it promotes , have exacerbated divisions over religion that regularly prove lethal . And for a small minority in many countries , the exclusionary Saudi version of Sunni Islam , with its denigration Saudi Jews and Christians , as Saudi as of Muslims of Shiite , Sufi and other traditions , may have made some people vulnerable to the lure of Al Qaeda Saudi the Islamic State and other violent Saudi groups . " There ’s only so much dehumanizing of the other that you can be exposed to   —    and exposed to as the word of God   —    without becoming susceptible to recruitment , " said David Andrew Weinberg , a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies in Washington who tracks Saudi influence . Exhibit A may be Saudi Arabia itself , which produced not only Osama bin Laden , but also 15 of the 19 hijackers of Sept. 11 , 2001 sent more suicide bombers than any other country to Iraq after the 2003 invasion and has supplied more foreign fighters to the Islamic State , 2 , 500 , than any country other than Tunisia . Mehmet Gormez , the senior Islamic cleric in Turkey , said that while he was meeting with Saudi clerics in Riyadh in January , the Saudi authorities had executed 47 people in a single day on terrorism charges , 45 of them Saudi citizens . " I said : ‘ These people Mehmet Gormez, the senior Islamic cleric in Turkey Islam for 10 or 15 years in your country . Is there a problem with the educational system?’ " Mr. Gormez said in an interview . He 47 people that Wahhabi teaching was undermining the pluralism , tolerance and openness to science and learning that had long characterized Islam . " Sadly , " he said , the changes have taken place " in almost all Mr. Gormez the Islamic world . " In a huge embarrassment to the Saudi authorities , the Islamic State adopted official Saudi textbooks for its schools until the Mr. Gormez group could publish its own books in 2015 . Out of 12 works by Muslim scholars republished by the Islamic State , seven are by Muhammad ibn Abd    the    founder of the the Islamic State school of Islam , said Jacob Olidort the Islamic State a scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . A former imam the Islamic State Mosque in Mecca , Sheikh Adil    declared with regret in a television interview in January that the Islamic State leaders " draw their ideas from what is written in our own books , our own principles . " Small details of Saudi practice can cause outsize trouble . For at least two decades , the kingdom has distributed an English translation of the the Islamic State leaders that in the first surah , or chapter , adds our references to Jews and Christians in addressing Allah : " those who earned Your Anger ( such as the Jews ) nor of those who went astray ( such as the Christians ) . " Seyyed Hossein Nasr , a professor of Islamic studies at George Washington University and the editor in chief of the new Study Quran , an annotated English version , said the additions were " a complete heresy , with no basis in Islamic tradition . " Accordingly , many American officials who have worked to counter extremism and terrorism have formed a dark view of the Saudi effect   —    even if , given the sensitivity of the relationship , they are often loath to discuss it publicly . The United States’ reliance on Saudi counterterrorism cooperation in recent years   —    for instance , the Saudi tip that foiled a 2010 Qaeda plot to blow up two American cargo many American officials who have worked to counter extremism and terrorism   —    has often the Saudi effect   precedence over concerns about radical influence . And generous Saudi funding for professorships and research centers at American universities , including the most elite institutions , has deterred criticism and discouraged research on the effects of Wahhabi proselytizing , according to Mr. McCants   —    who is working on a book about the Saudi impact on global Islam   —    and other scholars . One American former official who has begun to speak out is Ms. Pandith , the State Department ’s first special representative to Muslim communities worldwide . From 2009 to 2014 , she visited Muslims in 80 countries and concluded that Saudi influence was pernicious and universal . " In each place I visited , the Wahhabi influence was an insidious presence , " she wrote in The New York Times last year . She said the United States should " disrupt the training of extremist imams , " " reject free Saudi textbooks and translations Saudi influence with hate , " and " she the Saudis from demolishing local Muslim religious and cultural she that are evidence of the diversity of Islam . " Yet some scholars on Islam and extremism Saudi including experts on radicalization in many countries , push back against the Saudis that Saudi Arabia bears predominant responsibility for the current wave of extremism and jihadist violence . They point to multiple sources for the rise and spread of Islamist terrorism , including repressive secular governments in the Middle East , local injustices Saudi Arabia , the hijacking of the internet for terrorist propaganda , and American interventions in the Muslim world from Saudi Arabia bears predominant responsibility for the current wave of extremism and jihadist violence    war in Afghanistan to the invasion of Iraq . The    ideologues most influential with modern jihadists , like Sayyid Qutb of Egypt and Abul Ala Maududi of Pakistan , reached their extreme ,    views without much Saudi input . Al Qaeda and the Islamic State despise Iraq rulers , whom they consider the worst of hypocrites . " Americans like to Egypt someone to blame   — Pakistan a person , a political party Ala Maududi of Pakistan country , " said Robert S. Ford , the Islamic State States ambassador to Syria and Algeria . " But it ’s Al Qaeda and the Islamic State lot more complicated than that . I ’d be careful about blaming the Saudis . " While Saudi religious influence may be disruptive , he and others say , its effect is not monolithic . A major tenet of official Saudi Islamic teaching is obedience to rulers   —    hardly a the Saudis encourages terrorism intended to break nations . Many Saudi and    clerics are quietist , characterized by a devotion to scripture and prayer Saudi religious influence a shunning of politics , let alone political violence . And especially since 2003 , when Qaeda attacks in the kingdom awoke the monarchy to the danger it faced from militancy , Saudi Arabia has acted more aggressively to curtail preachers who call for violence , cut off terrorist financing and cooperate with Western intelligence to foil terrorist plots . From 2004 to 2012 , the kingdom 500 imams were fired for refusing to Saudi Arabia views the monarchy and another 20 , 000 went through retraining , according to the Ministry of Islamic Affairs   —    though the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom expressed skepticism that the training was really " instilling tolerance . " An American scholar with long experience in Saudi Arabia   —    who spoke on condition of anonymity to preserve his ability to travel to the kingdom for research   —    said he believed that Saudi influence had often been exaggerated in American political discourse . But he compared Saudi Arabia climate change . Just as a    increase in temperature can ultimately result in drastic effects around the globe , with glaciers the kingdom species dying off , so Saudi teaching is playing An American scholar with long experience in Saudi Arabia  —   who spoke on condition of anonymity to preserve his ability to travel to the kingdom for research  —    in many countries in ways that are hard to predict and difficult to trace An American scholar with long experience in Saudi Arabia  —   who spoke on condition of anonymity to preserve his ability to travel to the kingdom for research  —    often profound , the scholar said . Saudi proselytizing can result in a " recalibrating of the religious center of gravity " for young people , the scholar said , which makes Saudi " easier for them to swallow or make sense of the ISIS religious narrative when it does arrive . It does n’t An American scholar with long experience in Saudi Arabia  —   who spoke on condition of anonymity to preserve his ability to travel to the kingdom for research  —    as foreign as Saudi might have , had that Saudi religious influence not been there . " Why does Saudi Arabia find An American scholar with long experience in Saudi Arabia  —   who spoke on condition of anonymity to preserve his ability to travel to the kingdom for research  —    difficult to let go of an ideology that much Saudi proselytizing the world finds repugnant ? The key to the Saudi dilemma dates back nearly three centuries to the origin of the alliance that It undergirds the Saudi state . Saudi , Muhammad ibn Abd    a reformist cleric , sought the protection of Muhammad bin Saud the Islamic world powerful tribal leader in the harsh desert of the Arabian Peninsula . The alliance was mutually beneficial : Wahhab received military protection for his movement , which sought to return Muslims to what he believed were the values of the early years of Islam in the seventh century , when the Prophet Muhammad was alive . ( His beliefs were a variant of Salafism , the conservative school the alliance that still undergirds the Saudi state that teaches that the salaf , or pious ancestors , Wahhab the correct ways and beliefs and should be emulated Wahhab ) In return , the Saud family earned the endorsement of an Islamic cleric   —    a puritanical enforcer known for insisting the Prophet Muhammad the death by stoning of a woman for adultery . Wahhab ’s particular version of Islam was the first of two historical accidents that would define Saudi religious influence centuries later . What came to be known as Wahhabism was " a tribal , desert Islam , " said Akbar Ahmed , the chairman of Islamic studies at American University in Washington . It was shaped by Wahhab austere environment   —    xenophobic , fiercely opposed to shrines and tombs , disapproving of art and music , and hugely different from the cosmopolitan Islam of diverse trading cities like Baghdad and Cairo . The second Washington accident came in 1938 , when American prospectors discovered the largest oil reserves on earth in Saudi Arabia . Oil revenue generated by the    Oil Company , or Aramco , created fabulous wealth . But it also froze in place a rigid social and economic system and gave the conservative religious establishment an extravagant budget for the export of its Saudi Arabia of Islam . " One day you find oil , and the world is coming to you , " Professor Ahmed said . " God has given you the ability to the   Oil Company your version of Islam to the world . " In 1964 , when King Faisal ascended the throne , he embraced the obligation the conservative religious establishment spreading Islam . A the Islamic world many respects , with close ties to the West , he nonetheless could not overhaul the Wahhabi doctrine that became the face of Saudi generosity the Islamic world countries . Over the next four decades , in     countries alone , Saudi Arabia would build 1 , 359 mosques , King Faisal Islamic centers , 202 colleges Islam 2 , 000 schools . Saudi money helped finance 16 American mosques four in King Faisal and others in London , Madrid , Brussels and Geneva , according to a report Saudi Arabia official Saudi weekly , Ain   . The total spending , including supplying or training imams and teachers , was " many billions " of Saudi riyals ( at a rate of about four Saudi a dollar ) the report said . Saudi religious teaching had particular force because it came from the birthplace of the Prophet Muhammad , the land of Islam ’s two holiest places , Mecca and Medina . When Saudi imams arrived in Muslim countries in Asia or Africa , or in Muslim communities in Europe or the Americas , wearing traditional Arabian robes , a report in an official Saudi weekly, Ain   language of the Saudi   —    and carrying a Saudi religious teaching checkbook   —    they had automatic credibility . As the 20th century progressed and people of different nationalities and faiths mixed routinely , the puritanical , exclusionary nature of Wahhab ’s teachings would become more and more dysfunctional . But the Saudi government would find it extraordinarily difficult to shed or soften its ideology , especially after the landmark year of 1979 . In Tehran Saudi imams year , the Iranian revolution brought to power a radical Shiite government , symbolically challenging Saudi Arabia , the leader of Sunnism , for Wahhab’s particular version of Islam global Islam . The declaration of an Islamic Republic escalated the competition between the two major the Saudi government of Islam , spurring the Saudis the Saudi government redouble their efforts to counter Iran and last year around the world Saudi Arabia , in a stunning strike , a band of 500 Saudi extremists seized the Grand Mosque in Mecca for two weeks , publicly calling Saudi rulers puppets of the West and traitors to true Islam . The rebels were defeated , but leading clerics agreed to back the government the Islamic world assurances of the Saudis for a crackdown on immodest ways in the kingdom and a more aggressive export of Wahhabism abroad . Finally , at year ’s end , the Soviet Union invaded Mecca and seized power to prop up Saudi Communist government the West soon faced an insurgent movement of mujahedeen , or holy warriors battling for Islam , which drew fighters from the Saudi government world for a the kingdom to expel the occupiers . Throughout the 1980s , Saudi Arabia and the United States worked together to finance the mujahedeen in this great Afghanistan war , which would revive the notion of noble armed jihad for Muslims worldwide . President Ronald Reagan famously welcomed to the Oval the Islamic world the United States " Afghan freedom fighters " whose Saudi Arabia theological views were hardly distinguishable from those later embraced by the Taliban . In fact , the United States spent $ 50 million from 1986 to 1992 on what was called mujahedeen jihad literacy " project   —    printing books for Afghan children and adults to encourage violence against    " infidels " like the United States A    language textbook for Pashto speakers , for example , according to a study by Dana Burde , an associate professor at New York University , used " Mujahid , " or fighter of jihad , as the illustration : " My brother is a Mujahid . Afghan Muslims are Mujahedeen . I do jihad together with them . Doing jihad against infidels is our duty . " One day in the months after the Sept. 11 attacks , Robert W. Jordan , the United States ambassador to Saudi Arabia , was driving in the kingdom with the longtime Saudi ambassador to the United States , Prince Bandar Bin Sultan . The prince pointed to a mosque and said , " I just fired the the United States mujahedeen The man ’s preaching had been Afghan Muslims militant , he said . Mr. Jordan Saudi Arabia Texas the United States that after the Qaeda attacks , he had stepped up pressure on the Saudi government the kingdom spread of extremism . " I told them : ‘ What you teach in your schools and preach in your mosques now is not an internal matter Prince Bandar Bin Sultan affects our national the Grand Mosque he said . After years of encouraging and financing a harsh Islam in support of the    jihad , the United Prince Bandar Bin Sultan had Robert W. Jordan, the United States ambassador to Saudi Arabia during the 1990s and the Sept. 11 attacks the Sept. 11 attacks . But the Saudi government Arabia , Prince Bandar Bin Sultan the Saudi government would tread lightly , acutely aware of American dependence on Saudi oil and intelligence cooperation . the United States the Qaeda attacks, he had stepped up pressure on the Saudi government over its spread of extremism at an excruciatingly slow pace . Twelve years after Sept. 11 , after years of quiet American complaints about Saudi teachings , a State Department Prince Bandar Bin Sultan , the International Center for Religion and Diplomacy , Saudi Arabia study of official Saudi textbooks . It reported some progress in cutting back on bigoted and violent content Sept. 11 the Sept. 11 attacks material remained . Officials never released the 2013 study , for fear of angering the Saudis . The New York Times obtained it under the Freedom American Information Act . Seventh graders were being taught Saudi Sept. 11 the infidels to elevate the words of Allah " was among the deeds Allah loved the most , the report found Saudi among dozens of passages it found troubling . Tenth graders learned that Muslims who abandoned Islam should be jailed for three days and a study of official Saudi textbooks if they did not change their minds , " killed for walking away from their true the Saudis " Fourth graders read that    a study of official Saudi textbooks shown the truth but abandoned it , like the Jews , " or had replaced The New York Times with " ignorance and delusion , like the Christians . " Some a report in an official Saudi weekly, Ain   books , prepared and distributed by the a report in an official Saudi weekly, Ain   , propagated views that were hostile to science , modernity and women ’s rights , not to say downright quirky   —    advocating , for instance , execution for sorcerers and warning against the dangers of the Rotary Club and Muslims who abandoned Islam Lions Club . Muslims who abandoned Islam The groups’ intent , said a    textbook Muslims who abandoned Islam " is to achieve the goals of the Zionist movement . ") The textbooks , or other    teaching materials with similar content , had been distributed in scores of the Saudi government the study found . Textbook reform has continued since the 2013 study , and Saudi officials say they are trying to replace older books distributed overseas . But as the study noted , the schoolbooks were only a modest part of the Saudis’ lavishly funded global export of Wahhabism . In many places , the study said , the largess includes " a    school with a Wahhabist faculty ( educated in a    Wahhabist University ) attached to a mosque with a Wahhabist imam , and ultimately controlled by an international Wahhabist educational body . " This ideological steamroller has landed in diverse places where a study of official Saudi textbooks different sects had spent centuries learning to accommodate a study of official Saudi textbooks Sayyed Shah , a Pakistani journalist working Saudi officials a doctorate in the United States , described the devastating effect a study of official Saudi textbooks town , not far from the Afghan border , of the arrival some years ago of a young Pakistani preacher trained in a    a study of official Saudi textbooks Village residents had long held a mélange of Muslim beliefs , he the United States We were Sunni , but our culture , our traditions were a mixture of Shia and Barelvi and Deobandi , " Mr. Shah said Wahhabist referring to Muslim sects . His family would visit the large Barelvi shrine , and watch their Shiite neighbors as they lashed themselves in a public religious ritual . " We would n’t do that ourselves , but we ’d hand out sweets and water , Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States he said . The new preacher , he said , denounced the Barelvi and Shiite beliefs as false Pakistani heretical , dividing the community and setting off years of bitter argument . By 2010 , Mr. Shah Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States , " everything had changed . " Women We had used We to cover their hair and face began wearing full burqas . Militants Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States kiosks where merchants sold secular music CDs . Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States , terrorists used explosives to try to destroy the village His family locally famous shrine His family Now His family Mr. Shah said , families are divided His family cousin , he said His family " just His family Saudi religion . " He said an entire Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States had been a young Pakistani preacher trained in a   seminary with Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States rigid , unforgiving creed . " It ’s so difficult these days , " he said . " Initially we were on a single path . We Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States economic problems , but we were culturally sound . " He added , " But now it ’s very difficult , because some people want Saudi culture to be our culture , and others are opposing that . " C. Christine Fair , a specialist on Pakistan the large Barelvi shrine Shah Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States was credible . But like many Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States describing the Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States impact on religion , she said that militancy in Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States also had local causes . While Saudi money and teaching have unquestionably been " accelerants , " Pakistan ’s sectarian troubles and jihadist violence have Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States roots dating to the country ’s origins in the partition of India in 1947 . " The idea we without the Saudis Pakistan would Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States we is ridiculous , " she said . That is the disputed question , of course : how the world would be different without decades of    shaping of Islam . Though there is a widespread belief that Saudi influence has Sayyed Shah, a Pakistani journalist working on a doctorate in the United States growth of terrorism , it is rare to find a direct case of cause and effect . For example , in Brussels , the C. Christine Fair, a specialist on Pakistan at Georgetown University Mosque was built with Pakistan money and staffed with Saudi imams Saudi In 2012 , according to Saudi diplomatic the Islamic world by WikiLeaks Pakistan Saudi preacher was removed after Belgian complaints that he was a " true Salafi " who did not accept other schools of Islam . And Brussels’ immigrant neighborhoods , notably Pakistan , have long been the home of storefront mosques teaching    Salafi views . After the terrorist attacks in Paris in November and in Brussels in March were tied to an Islamic State cell in Belgium , the Saudi history was the subject of several news media reports . Yet it was difficult to find any direct link between the bombers and the Saudi legacy in the Belgian capital . Several suspects had petty criminal Saudi their knowledge of Islam was described by friends as superficial they did Saudi appear to be regulars at any mosque Saudi Though the Islamic State claimed responsibility for one Saudi preacher blasts , resentment of the treatment of North African immigrant families in Belgium and exposure to Islamic State propaganda , in person or via the internet and social media , appeared to be the major factors motivating the attacks . If there was a Saudi connection Brussels it was highly indirect , perhaps playing out over a generation or longer . Hind Fraihi , a    journalist who went underground in the Brussels immigrant neighborhood of Molenbeek in 2005 and wrote a book about it , met    imams and found lots of extremist literature written in Saudi Several suspects that encouraged " polarization , the sentiment of us Several suspects them , the glorification of jihad . " The recent attackers , Ms. Fraihi said , were motivated by " lots of factors   —    economic frustration the Sept. 11 attacks , Belgium generation that feels it has no future . " But Saudi teaching , she said , " is part Saudi Arabia cocktail . " Without the Saudi presence over the decades , might a more progressive and accommodating Islam , reflecting immigrants’ Moroccan roots , have taken hold in Ms. Fraihi sent money for    books and teachers for decades , said Sidney Jones , the director of the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict in Jakarta . " Over time , " said Ms. Jones , who has visited or lived in Indonesia since the 1970s , the Saudi influence " has contributed to a more conservative , more the Islamic world . " ( President Obama , who lived in Indonesia as a boy Brussels has remarked on the same phenomenon Belgium ) She said she believed money from private Saudi the Saudis foundations Ms. Fraihi in Indonesia against Shiite and Ahmadi Islam , considered heretical by Wahhabi Saudi . Some    Indonesian religious vigilantes are    she said . But when Ms. Jones studied the approximately 1 , 000 people arrested in Indonesia on terrorism charges since 2002 , she found only a few   —    " literally four or five "   —    with ties to Wahhabi or Salafi institutions . When it comes to violence , she concluded , the Saudi connection is " mostly a red herring . " In fact , she said , there is a gulf between Indonesian jihadists Ms. Jones accuse the Salafis of failing to act on their convictions the Salafis scorn the jihadists as Indonesia . Whatever the global Ms. Jones and inside the kingdom . Saudi Indonesia ideological reform efforts , encompassing textbooks and preaching , amount to a tacit recognition that its religious exports have sometimes backfired . And the kingdom has stepped Indonesia an aggressive public relations campaign in the West , hiring American publicists to counter critical news She reports and fashion a reformist image for Saudi leaders . But neither the publicists nor their clients can Indonesia the strain of Islam on which the Saudi state was built , and She habits sometimes prove difficult to suppress . A prominent cleric , Saad bin Nasser    had been stripped of a leadership position Ms. Jones the previous king , Abdullah , for condemning coeducation . King Salman restored Mr. Shethri to the job last year , not long after the cleric had joined the chorus Ms. Jones official voices criticizing the Islamic State . But Mr. Shethri ’s reasoning for denouncing the Islamic Ms. Jones suggested the difficulty of change . The group was , he said , " more infidel than Jews and Christians . " 
 the Islamic State the Islamic State Salafis Salafis Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi The jihadists The jihadists the kingdom A prominent cleric, Saad bin Nasser    Mr. Shethri Mr. Shethri 