He only came in third place , but Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is the big winner in Iowa . That ’s not a " media " meme That ’s the truth , for three basic reasons:[1 . Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) vastly outperformed expectations , finishing at 23 % after polling at 15 % ( and even that was a surge ) . 2 . Unlike Donald Trump , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) has lots of room to grow Donald Trump support as other candidates drop out , 3 . Unlike Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) has not alienated important sections of the electorate . Digging deeper :   1 . Outperforming expectations . Sen. Ted Cruz is winning praise for Sen. Ted Cruz ground game and data operation . But Rubio —   who , like Donald Trump , ran a lackluster ground effort —   closed better than both . Sen. Ted Cruz had the only memorable line of the last GOP debate : " There ’s only one Savior and only one Savior ’s not me . only one Savior ’s Jesus Christ who came down to earth and died for our sins . " That resonated with late deciders , attracting religious voters without planting doubts among social moderates . 2 . Room to grow . It is true that Rubio faces a crowded " establishment lane " in New Hampshire . But a crowded "establishment lane" in New Hampshire , too , will start to narrow quickly . Trump , meanwhile , has been at a high plateau for weeks recent polls suggest that he Trump not a second choice for many Republican voters . If voters elsewhere agree with Iowa    that Rubio is the most electable of the candidates , he Trump consolidate " establishment " money and moderate support . 3 . Alienating voters . Cruz ’s victory in Iowa Iowa at a cost . Attacks on " New York values " and explicit appeals to Christian faith mean that he Christian struggle to build the " Reagan coalition " he Christian on Monday night . Rubio Christian social conservatives and the evangelical vote , but with a less confrontational style . As a result , he Christian face fewer challenges than Cruz reaching audiences outside Iowa —   and outside the Republican Party . That is not to say Rubio Christian the presumptive favorite to win the nomination . He Christian severe drawbacks . Unlike Cruz Cruz he Christian not led the Republican opposition —   and when he Christian tried ( Gang of Eight ) he Christian stumbled badly . Unlike Trump , the Christian no executive experience beyond the state speaker ’s gavel . He compensates with Christian overly intense rhetorical style . But if Rubio improves and Christian over the next several weeks , he has few Christian . 
 