WASHINGTON   —    Senate Democrats on Monday secured the votes necessary to filibuster the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , presaging a bitter confrontation this week that threatens to further unravel a chamber where bipartisanship and decorum have eroded for years . The show of solidarity from the minority came as Republicans advanced Judge Neil M. Gorsuch nomination in the Judiciary Committee , clearing the way for his consideration Judge Neil M. Gorsuch the Senate floor . Republicans vowed Monday to confirm him by Judge Neil M. Gorsuch end of the week . The implication was not subtle : If they must Republicans longstanding rules to bypass the filibuster , elevating President Trump ’s selection on a simple majority vote , they will Republicans hesitate . " We have Republicans alternative , " Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah , the    Republican in the Senate , said alongside his Judiciary Committee colleagues after a    vote , 11 to 9 . It was the beginning of what both parties consider a seminal week on Capitol Hill , likely to fundamentally reshape the way the Senate the Senate the Senate . the Senate lawmakers have long deployed the filibuster   —    a procedural device that allows for continued debate to block or delay a vote   —    to suit their circumstances , lawmakers Court confirmations have been viewed as another matter , insulated at least somewhat from the body ’s most partisan passions . Under current rules , Republicans can not break the filibuster if the filibuster   60 senators vote to move the nomination to an     Senate vote . That would require eight Democrats to join the    Republican majority . As of Monday evening , only four Democrats had announced support for an     vote . Judge Gorsuch ’s fate will depend on whether Republicans follow through on plans for the    nuclear option , as Mr. Trump has urged , to circumvent the filibuster for a Supreme Court pick . " The Republicans are free actors , " Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , said Monday , urging a withdrawal of the nomination if Judge Gorsuch can not earn 60 votes . " They can choose to The Republicans nuclear or they can sit down The Republicans Democrats and find a way forward that preserves the grand traditions of this body . " Such was the theme of Monday ’s proceedings : Monday of meditations on grand traditions , a resignation to their imminent demise and an grand traditions that the other side was to blame . During the committee vote , senators took turns lamenting the state of the institution they serve , although none senators to buck their own party on either senators Democratic filibuster or the Republican push for a rule change . What comes next , it appears , is a    dismantling of senatorial standards and practice , scheduled for demolition over several days . " This is a new low , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Mr. McConnell filibuster , " but not entirely surprising . " Of course , Democrats identify Mr. McConnell as the chief purveyor of new lows . From the beginning , the Gorsuch nomination has been shadowed , in large measure , by Judge Merrick B. Garland , whom President Barack Obama nominated in March 2016 after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia the month before . Mr. McConnell led Republicans in refusing to even consider the nomination during a presidential election Mr. McConnell But Democrats insist that their opposition to Judge Gorsuch is not about payback . They have cited his record on Democrats rights and his degree of independence from Mr. Trump Democrats conservative groups Judge Gorsuch the Federalist Society , among Judge Gorsuch concerns . Perhaps no member sounded as pained on Monday as Senator Patrick J. Leahy , Democrat of Vermont and the Senate ’s    member . He first argued that the treatment of Judge Garland had convinced Judge Gorsuch that " this no member is nothing more than a partisan rubber stamp , " allowing the nominee to evade straightforward questions during his hearings . Mr. Leahy suggested that Mr. McConnell had no qualms about " forever damaging no member United States no member " And he no member how the Capitol had become so unrecognizable to him , after 42 years . " no member can not vote solely to protect an institution when the no member of    Americans are at risk , " Mr. Leahy said . " Because I fear that the Senate I would be defending no longer exists no member Republicans have in turn faulted Democrats for what they call two escalations of hostilities : a series of filibusters against judicial nominees under President George W. Bush Republicans a vote in 2013 , when Democrats controlled the Senate , to bar filibusters for the president ’s appeals court and executive branch nominees . That shift Senate filibuster for Supreme Court nominations untouched . Supporters of Judge Gorsuch have appeared incredulous that the Senate   —    whose members approved Justice Scalia unanimously and did not use a filibuster for even some fiercely contested nominees like Justice Clarence Thomas   —    could come undone over a judge they view as plainly qualified and uncontroversial . " It ’s pathetic , " Mr. Hatch said , " that the Senate  —   whose members approved Justice Scalia unanimously and did not use a filibuster for even some fiercely contested nominees like Justice Clarence Thomas  —    ’re so stupid that they picked somebody of his quality and ability " to oppose . Senator Charles E. the Senate  —   whose members approved Justice Scalia unanimously and did not use a filibuster for even some fiercely contested nominees like Justice Clarence Thomas  —    , Republican of Iowa the Senate  —   whose members approved Justice Scalia unanimously and did not use a filibuster for even some fiercely contested nominees like Justice Clarence Thomas  —    the committee ’s Mr. Hatch , accused Democrats of searching in vain for credible reasons to vote against " a judge ’s judge . " Senator Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas , pressed the case that Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination carried a " superlegitimacy " because voters last year knew that the next president would get to fill the seat . ( Before the election , he had suggested trying to leave the seat open indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won . ) Yet even some Republicans the next president planned to support a rule the seat necessary said they worried about what would come of it . Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , predicted that a even some Republicans who planned to support a rule change if necessary threshold for Supreme Court confirmations would lead to the elevation of future judges who are " more ideological , not less . " Every Senate race , he added , would effectively become a referendum on the Supreme Court . " This is going to haunt the Senate Senate it ’s going to change the judiciary , Supreme Court so unnecessary , " Mr. Graham said after the Senate Though some This have expressed concerns , in public and private the judiciary about pushing ahead with a filibuster , they are also aware of their political hand : The party ’s progressive base has called on lawmakers to oppose Mr. Trump at every some Democrats have expressed concerns, in public and private, about pushing ahead with a filibuster , reminding them of some Democrats have expressed concerns, in public and private, about pushing ahead with a filibuster extraordinary dynamics at play . Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , linked his vote opposing Judge Gorsuch , at lawmakers in part , to the current investigations into connections between Mr. Trump ’s orbit and Russia . " It is about the constitutional crisis that may well be looming , " he said , Mr. Trump Gorsuch had not demonstrated sufficient independence from Mr. Trump . Mr. Blumenthal added that the prospect of the Supreme Court his to enforce a subpoena Judge Gorsuch president was " far from idle Mr. Trump " Even his on Monday could not coax consensus from committee members . At one point , Mr. Grassley asked the senators how they would like to manage their lunch schedule : a    break for everyone or an uninterrupted hearing with senators peeling off his one to eat . The room the senators split . " Could the senators majority cater this lunch ? " asked Senator Al Franken , Democrat of Minnesota . A few Republicans raised their hands to convey a desire to keep going . Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the committee ’s top Democrat , smiled slightly , her hands clasped . The A few Republicans , she said quietly , could not even agree on lunch . 
 Senator Dianne Feinstein of California Senator Dianne Feinstein of California the committee 