  ( CNN ) Republican Kelly Ayotte has conceded the race for Republican Kelly Ayotte US Senate seat in New Hampshire to Democratic challenger Maggie Hassan , according to a statement from Republican Kelly Ayotte ’s campaign , giving Democrats Democrats second    in the chamber this election cycle . " I just spoke with Governor Hassan to congratulate Governor Hassan on Governor Hassan election to serve in the U. S. Senate , " Republican Kelly Ayotte said in a statement from Ayotte’s campaign . " I wish Governor Hassan , Republican Kelly Ayotte husband Tom , and their children Ben and Meg the very best . " Hassan Governor Hassan makes the count for senators that caucus with Democrats 48 seats , short of the majority they were aiming for before Election Day . Tammy Duckworth of Illinois was the only other Democratic    of the night , which saw Republicans retain their control Republicans their conference Republicans Donald Trump win his bid Donald Trump the presidency .   Democrats also won a competitive race in Nevada , where Catherine Cortez Masto held off Republican Rep. Joe Heck to retain the seat being vacated by retiring Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid .   Those were Democrats’ only three victories in a night that saw Republicans win nearly every close race , retaining their House Republicans Senate majorities and guaranteeing the party has full control of Congress when    Donald Trump is sworn in on January 20 , 2017 .   Ayotte ’s loss comes with Hillary Clinton maintaining a narrow lead of less than 1 , 500 votes over Trump in   Donald Trump tightly contested battleground state . Hassan ’s lead was even smaller than that .   The loss Ayotte’s loss Republicans who attempted to run away from Trump largely   Donald Trump to convince voters to split their tickets . voters Kirk in Illinois said he wrote down Kirk in Illinois Petraeus for president , but he was easily Kirk in Illinois . Heck had ducked Kirk in Illinois about Trump .   Donald Trump Ayotte had said he is no Ayotte model and withdrawn her support for Ayotte GOP nominee after the 2005 " Access Hollywood " tape became public . Clinton , like the Democratic Senate contenders , won all three states . Other Republicans who ran closer to Trump       Donald Trump Sen. Ron Johnson , North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr and Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt     each won , aided by Trump ’s victories   Donald Trump states . 
 