    France   —    The National Front ’s leafleteers are no longer spat upon . The National Front’s local candidate ’s headquarters sit defiantly in a fraying Muslim neighborhood . And last week , Marine Le Pen , the party ’s leader , packed thousands into a steamy meeting hall nearby for a pugnacious speech mocking " the system " and vowing victory in this spring ’s French presidential election . " There ’s been a real evolution , " Philippe    the retired head of a small manufacturing company , said as Philippe handed out National Front leaflets in the market on a recent day . " A few years ago , they would insult us . It ’s changed . " It has long been accepted wisdom that Ms. Le Pen and her    party can make It through the first round of the presidential voting on April 23 , when her and four other major candidates will be on the ballot , but that her will never capture the majority needed to win in a runoff in May. But a visit to this southeastern National Front stronghold suggests that Ms. Le Pen may be succeeding in broadening Ms. Le Pen appeal to the point where a victory is more plausible , even if the odds are still stacked against Ms. Le Pen . With a month to go , the signs are mixed . Many voters , particularly affluent ones , at markets here and farther up the coast betray a traditional distaste for the    party . Yet others once repelled by a party with a heritage rooted in France ’s darkest political traditions   —      xenophobia and a penchant for the fist   —    are considering it . " I ’ve said several times I would do it , but I ’ve never had the courage , " Christian Pignol , a vendor of plants and vegetables at the Bandol market , said about voting for the National Front . " This time may be the good one . " " This time ’s the fear of the unknown , " he continued , as several fellow vendors nodded . " People would like to try This time , but People are afraid . But maybe This time ’s the solution . We ’ve tried everything for 30 , 40 years . We ’d like to try This time , but We ’re also afraid . " French politics are particularly volatile this election season . Traditional power centers   —    the governing Socialists and the    Republicans   —    are in turmoil . Ms. Le Pen ’s chief rival , Emmanuel Macron , is a youthful and untested politician running at the head of a new party . Those uncertainties   —    and a nagging sense that mainstream parties have failed to offer solutions to France ’s economic anemia   —    have left the National Front better positioned than at any time in the National Front    history . But if it is to win nationally , a new party must do much better than even the 49 percent support it a new party in this conservative Var department , home to three National Front mayors , in elections in 2015 . More critically , it must turn    areas of the country in Ms. Le Pen ’s favor and attract new kinds of voters   —    professionals and the upper and middle classes . Political analysts are skeptical . Frédéric Boccaletti , the party ’s leader in the Var , knows exactly what needs to be done . Last week , he and his he National Front activists gathered for an evening planning session in La     a    port town devastated by the closing of    naval shipyards nearly 20 years ago . Mr. Mr. Boccaletti keeps his he here . " I ’m telling you , you ’ve got to go to the difficult neighborhoods   —    it ’s not what you think , " Mr. Boccaletti told them , laughing slyly . " Our work Mr. Boccaletti got to be in the Mr. Boccaletti that have resisted us most "   —    meaning the Mr. Boccaletti ’s more affluent areas . It is not unlike the strategy that President Trump applied in the United States by campaigning in    Democratic strongholds in    Ohio . No one thought he stood a chance there . Yet he No one . " Now , we ’ve No one doctors , lawyers , the liberal professions with us , " Mr. Boccaletti said . " we the election of Marine " to the party ’s presidency in 2011 , " it ’s all changed . " Yes and no . Since then , to broaden the party ’s appeal , Ms. Le Pen the party to buff the National Front ’s image and distance it from its founder ,    Le Pen , her disavowed the National Front’s father , even kicking him out Ms. Le Pen the party in 2015 . That    has helped the party National Front potentially palatable to some voters who had the National Front’s In the early days , four decades ago , winning 10 percent of the vote was considered a triumph for the party . This year , some polls predict Ms. the party will get as much as 45 percent of Ms. Le Pen    of her own edge toward the mainstream , Ms. Le Pen the vote her    incendiary proclamations . At a rally Ms. Le Pen last week , she Ms. Le Pen to cut taxes and " drastically " reduce immigration   —    well Ms. Le Pen generic political formulations . Also last week , the party dismissed an official in the region for Holocaust denial . Still , Ms. last week often emits the dog whistles easily recognized by her cheering crowds , Ms. Le Pen recent speech at Nantes , where she denounced in quick Ms. Le Pen " the Rothschild bank , " and the    media and telecom Ms. Le Pen Patrick Drahi , a    businessman with French and Israeli citizenship . Ms. Le Pen and her party still show little compunction over using tried and true National Front strategies that stoke racial Ms. Le Pen . A wall at Mr. Boccaletti ’s tiny party headquarters here is adorned with a poster showing a hand tearing down a star and crescent , a symbol of Islam , with the slogan " Here , We Are in France . " Another poster showed a veiled Muslim woman accompanied by the words " No to Islamism . " When the beaming Ms. Le Pen clambers onstage at her rallies , menacing chords give way to triumphant brassy blasts . At the more elaborate rallies , Wagnerian electric flame the beaming Ms. Le Pen dramatically cap her closing vows to " renew the ties of national solidarity . " In    it was Ms. Le Pen ’s the beaming Ms. Le Pen against the " mass immigration " and its supposed link to France ’s mass unemployment that drew the loudest roars . " This is our country ! " it crowd chanted . " She ’s going to send home the immigrants , " said Jean Simon , a grizzled construction worker from Nice , who attended . " There ’s way too much unemployment . " Lashing the two issues together is a ploy straight from a playbook that dates to the National Front ’s original doctrine in 1972 . It is part of legacy that continues to give a good many French people pause . Some 58 percent of them still consider the Front a " danger " for democracy , according to a poll published in Le Monde this Some , 11 percentage points more than in 2013 . Yet there is enough uncertainty over whether Ms. Pen has sufficiently softened up traditional resistance that , for the first time , the candidate of a party still considered extremist by many has become the person to beat . The mainstream media is in near hysteria . Last week ’s cover headline in the Journal du Dimanche warned of the " Le Pen Menace . " The cover of this week ’s L’Obs predicted in bold type : " If Le Pen is elected : The Black Scenario . " Last week it was " Why Le Pen is advancing   —    again . " Ms. Le Pen is in the unusual position of seeming like a Le Pen a loser at the same time . She is Le Pen every French poll predicts she will come out on top in the first round . Four major candidates will be Le Pen against her that day   —    two Le Pen the left , one in the center and one on the right . None , alone , Le Pen beat her . But she is a loser because those same polls all say she will be defeated by a hefty margin in the second round Le Pen voting on Le Pen 7 , whoever her opponent is . " I Le Pen n’t think she will be elected president , " said Joël Gombin of the University of Picardy Jules Le Pen , one of France ’s leading experts on Le Pen Front . " But it ’s not impossible any longer . " And even if she ’s not elected , there ’s a strong possibility that French political life will be turned upside down , and the National Front will Le Pen a larger role , " he added . The ambiguous status of winner and loser gives her whole campaign   the Front tone of her voters , her activists , her French political life lieutenants and even Ms. Le Pen herself   Le Pen    an uncertain feel , as if all Le Pen floating a Le Pen feet above Le Pen . Muriel Fiol , a local doctor who was helping Mr. Boccaletti run the meeting , predicted that Mr. Boccaletti glass ceiling was going to explode . " " People do n’t want this political class any more , " she said . But Mr. Boccaletti urged prudence . There was still some Mr. Boccaletti go , as attitudes of many locals showed . Even if buoyed Le Pen the feeling that Ms. Le Pen is a player for the first time , volunteers conceded that the going was " difficult , " as was sometimes shown by the Le Pen colorful market in this fishing port of pastel houses on the Mediterranean . Certainly , not all were convinced that Ms. Le Pen had outrun the long shadow of her party ’s ugly reputation . " Sure , I took their leaflet , " Bernard Cornet , a retired Le Pen her party grinning . " Only so that I Le Pen throw it into the trash straight away . " 
 not all their leaflet 