’   ’ "    FBI Director James Comey   on Sunday that the agency had completed the agency    review of emails found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner ’s laptop    that may have been relevant to the bureau ’s investigation into    Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . " ’    emails found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner’s laptop    were uncovered after investigators seized devices    they suspected emails found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner’s laptop    , former Rep. Anthony Weiner’s estranged husband of top Clinton aide    Huma Abedin , used to exchange sexually explicit messages with    underage girls . ’ ’    The   were reviewed over eight days and    yielded    new evidence that compelled the FBI to change its    the FBI    made in July not to recommend charges against    Clinton . ’ "    Many of the emails examined were apparently duplicates of those    FBI agents reviewed when they investigated the emails examined private server    between August 2015 and July 2016 , since the emails were either    sent or received with Clinton ’s   Clinton address . " ’    Comey wrote on Sunday that he and his Comey had Comey " working    around the clock " to process the newly discovered emails , and    that they " reviewed he and his team communications that were to or from    Hillary Clinton while she served as Hillary Clinton of state . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Still , Republican nominee Donald Trump and his supporters were Donald Trump quick to raise questions about how the FBI could have examined so    many emails    what seemed like so little time . ’ ’    " IMPOSSIBLE : There R 691 , 200 seconds in 8 days , " one of Trump’ ’s    advisers , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , tweeted on Sunday    afternoon . " DIR Comey has thoroughly reviewed 650 , 000 emails in 8    days ? An email    second ? IMPOSSIBLE . " ’ "    Trump echoed Flynn ’s comments during a rally in Michigan . " ’    " You can’’t review 650 , 000 new emails in eight days ! " Trump said .   Trump ’   ’ ’    Cybersecurity experts , however , disagree . ’ ’    ’ ’    no problem with the FBI completing a search of this size    in a week , " John Michener , chief scientist at the cybersecurity    firm Casaba Security , told Business Insider on Monday . ’ ’    He added : " The ’ ’    majority of the emails are likely to be    duplicates of emails that the FBI has already seen and evaluated .    Those can be trivially eliminated . After that I would expect a    keyword search to loop for things of interest . " ’ ’    On Twitter , former National Security Agency       Edward Snowden   could be achieved by " old laptops " in hours or    even minutes . ’ ’    " Drop    To : : : hash both sets , then subtract    those that match , " Snowden said , responding to      Edward Snowden   by Jeff Jarvis , a professor at the City    University of New York Journalism School , about how long it would    take the NSA " to dedupe 650k emails . " ’ ’    A former FBI agent corroborated those assessments in an   saying " you can triage a dataset like    this in a much shorter amount of time . " ’ ’    " We’’d routinely collect terabytes of data in a search , "    said the unnamed agent . " A former FBI agent was important before I    left the guy’ ’s house . " ’ "    The FBI has not revealed the process by which it sifted through    all of the The FBI emails , but most experts agree that the    agents probably did n’t even need the full eight days to do so . " ’    " Given those emails , and a list of the relevant emails accounts from    Hillary and associates , and a list of other search terms , it    would take me only a few hours to reduce the workload from    650 , 000 emails to only a    hundred , which a single person    can read in less than a day , " cybersecurity consultant Rob Graham    wrote in a   on Sunday . ’ ’    Michener largely agreed . ’ ’    " This is a    ’ ’    the FBI and the legal    industry in general , " Michener told Business Insider . " It’ ’s not a Michener complicated or improvised process . I’’m sure the FBI already had    all of its search terms set up in a database , so the FBI they had to    do was run them against the the FBI data set    This is just the FBI minor    delta , and totally reasonable for them to complete it in that    span of time the FBI " ’ 
 