Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Friday President Donald Trump will allow President Donald Trump Defense Secretary James Mattis to " override " his Defense Secretary James Mattis on torture , an issue on which the two men disagree . " I do n’t necessarily agree , but I would tell you that his Defense Secretary James Mattis would override because I am giving his Defense Secretary James Mattis that power , " President Donald Trump said Friday during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May. " I am going to rely on his Defense Secretary James Mattis . " President Donald Trump has in the past suggested that his Defense Secretary James Mattis would defer to Mattis , who is firmly opposed to reinstating torture , on the issue , but his Defense Secretary James Mattis appeared to go further Friday in closing the door on the issue . Experts have repeatedly concluded that torture is not an effective means of gaining accurate information and that standard interrogation techniques that involve    are more effective . Military leaders have also long expressed concerns that the use of torture could endanger US troops captured in foreign conflicts around the world by making enemies more likely to engage in torture practices . Trump said in an interview with Fox News that aired Thursday night " Mattis said that he Mattis n’t intend to use it . I ’m with him Mattis the way . " Still , in a significant moment , Trump Trump during the news conference that he Trump torture " does work . " Both the United States and the United Kingdom have been signatories of the Geneva Conventions banning torture for more than a   . " I happen to feel that it does work , I ’ve been open about that for a long period of time , but I am going with our leaders and we our going to win with or without , " Trump Trump . Still , he Trump for emphasis , " But I do disagree . " Mattis , though , would not have oversight over the Central Intelligence Agency , the top US spy agency that in the wake of    used waterboarding , a method of torture , in interrogating terror suspects . Mattis Mattis said that beer and cigarettes work better than torture for getting information during interrogations .   Trump during his campaign for president called for reinstating waterboarding and " a hell of a lot worse " forms of torture . Republican Sens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham , both members of the Armed Services Committee and staunch critics of Trump ’s views on torture , welcomed the President ’s comments Friday , noting that Mattis has said he Mattis abiding by the Army Field Manual , which does not allow torture . " We John McCain and Lindsey Graham, both members of the Armed Services Committee and staunch critics of Trump this is now a settled issue , " the John McCain and Lindsey Graham, both members of the Armed Services Committee and staunch critics of Trump in a joint statement . 
 