BILOXI , MS   —    On a chilly January evening , Republican presidential    Donald Trump addressed an overflowing crowd at the Mississippi Coast Coliseum   —    at a rally billed as the largest presidential campaign event in Mississippi history .   Republican presidential   Donald Trump    speech touched on topics from " Trojan horse " Syrian refugees and trade deals to Common Core , the Iran nuclear deal , illegal immigration and ISIS . He speech touched on topics from "Trojan horse" Syrian refugees and trade deals to Common Core, the Iran nuclear deal, illegal immigration and ISIS the audience that although he speech touched on topics from "Trojan horse" Syrian refugees and trade deals to Common Core, the Iran nuclear deal, illegal immigration and ISIS not spent the most money of the GOP candidates he speech touched on topics from "Trojan horse" Syrian refugees and trade deals to Common Core, the Iran nuclear deal, illegal immigration and ISIS begin to spend more in order to avoid taking " any chances . " Trump , however , argued his Trump should be a model for the government to function . " Now , I ’m going to start spending quite a bit of money , " he Trump . " I just want to be sure . I do n’t want to take any chances . I do n’t want to do cheap . But until now I ’ve loved it because I ’ve spent the least amount of money of anybody else and have had the best results . That ’s what should happen with our country . " Detractors have suggested the real estate billionaire would fare poorly in a       with Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton , but Trump insisted her Trump does n’t want that   .    " Just in case you have any question , the last person Hillary Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton to run against is me , " he said the last person Hillary Clinton Trump also Trump he would Trump able to take on Democrats in states where they have Democrats structural advantages " over Republican competitors . " They do Democrats want to run against me , the last person Hillary Clinton he added Trump " Do n’t forget   —    Democrats have certain structural advantages in terms of getting elected . You know , you look at the different states and there are certain advantages that they have the different states You have to pick the right guy . I ’m going to win states that they never even thought about winning . " But , Trump managed to really fire up the crowd when he took Trump the media . He aimed Trump fire at a CNN cameraman . " These cameras back here right now   —    they will never show this crowd the crowd he said Trump cheers , going on to spend about four minutes urging the cameraman to a CNN cameraman camera and show the crowd . the crowd did not acquiesce a CNN cameraman also Trump the media for its the media suggesting it was Trump reflective of his success Trump the polls . " If I would read my press , I would say maybe I should be at nothing , " he said Trump " I should be like Bush and some of these guys . I should be at nothing . " Trump further Trump the system , pointing to the dealings of Bill and Hillary Clinton . " Folks , that ’s our system and I was part of the system until six months ago   the system I should n’t say this , but part of the establishment , " Trump said Trump " Nobody knows the system better than I did . It the system good . " Also making an the system during Trump ’s Trump the " Stump for Trump " Internet Trump Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson , also known as Diamond and Silk and Trump ’s son Trump Trump .   The GOP    warned the election may require some     tactics because of the current threats facing the nations , which require competence . " I tell you what , this is not going to be an election based on niceness , " he added . " This is going to be an The GOP    based on competence this " Trump added a Trump element to the stump speech that he had n’t Trump previous trips to the region , which was to urge his supporters to Trump out and participate in the vote . " I want you to remember this night   —    you got to get out and vote , " Trump said . Trump We ca n’t take the chance . " Watch video of the event here . Caroline May contributed to this report . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 