  ( CNN ) If there ’s one thing we ’ve learned about Donald Trump , it is that Donald Trump has no qualms about contradicting Donald Trump to get what Donald Trump wants . In Saudi Arabia , Donald Trump wanted a $ 110 billion arms deal     not to promote peace and tolerance , as Donald Trump later proclaimed in Donald Trump Sunday speech .   Thus , his Sunday speech will not " be remembered as the beginning of peace in the Middle East , " as Donald Trump loftily put it , but rather a boost to the war that is ravaging it . Nor will Trump ’s speech put an end to the Islamophobia and bigotry that he Trump’s spent the past two years inciting . After all , he Trump’s scapegoats to blame when the terrorism in the the Middle East reaches the United States . Given Trump ’s opportunistic Trump’s style     what he calls " Trump’s realism "    we can expect more contradictions between his rhetoric and Trump’s actions . Trump’s specific contradictions warrant exploring to predict what is in store for American foreign policy in the Middle East the Middle East as for the treatment of Muslims in the United States . First the United States peace and prosperity Trump’s his speech , but then Trump’s weapons to the Saudis , which will inevitably fuel war . Trump treats terrorism in the Trump’s East as a the Middle East create jobs at home and enrich defense industry tycoons .    While addressing the world ’s    dictators about terrorism , Trump failed to mention    state violence Trump’s repression feeds ISIS and al Qaeda ’s propaganda campaigns . Instead , he proclaims the Arab leaders to be Trump’s of the people ’s freedom . As he advised his allies to allow " Trump’s Muslim Trump’s and girls ( to ) be able to grow up free from fear , safe from violence and innocent of hatred , " he disingenuously pretended that the Arab Spring Trump’s occurred . The people revolted against their authoritarian governments seeking just those things , but The people themselves abandoned by the United States and violently repressed The people Arab regimes     which he is once again arming . Thus Trump’s we should not expect any meaningful attempts by the Trump administration to decrease terrorism in the region . Rather , the focus of US counterterrorism strategy will be to geographically contain the violence within the Middle East and prevent it from crossing the Atlantic . This brings us the violence within the Middle East the second of Trump ’s contradictions     deliberately disconnecting Islam from terrorism in his speech to his Saudi arms purchasers while bolstering Islam in the Islam States . Over the past two years , Trump has repeatedly stated that " Islam hates us Trump and Islam is a " hateful foreign ideology , " a kind of rhetoric that has emboldened his white nationalist supporters to discriminate against and attack Islam . The growing    bigotry could give his administration free rein to disproportionately target Muslims in Islam investigations , surveillance and prosecutions . Third , there is little evidence Trump is willing to participate in the global effort Trump " counter extremist ideology , " a new term he strategically coined instead of " radical Islamic terrorism Trump that he ’s been peddling to his    base . Trump Trump announced a " Trump new center ( that Trump represent ( ed ) a clear declaration that    countries must take the lead in combatting radicalization , " he took no responsibility for his own divisive rhetoric Trump radicalizes the political right Trump the United States . Indeed , over the past five years , extremist ideology from the right has risen at troubling levels .    Accordingly , we should expect the continued use of " radical Islamic terrorism " in his speeches to American audiences and willful blindness to the rise in violence of the      militia groups , and the Ku Klux Klan .   Finally , Trump stated that in " the scenes of destruction , in the wake of terror , we see no signs that those murdered were Jewish or Christian , Shia or Sunni . " Here he intimates sympathy for Muslims , even as his Trump policies single out and discriminate against Muslims Trump His first executive order barred millions of people from Trump countries from lawfully entering the United States . The refugee clause in the order applied only to Muslim Syrian refugees while His first executive order Syrian refugees     as if the lives of the hundreds of thousands of Muslim Syrians killed were of no value . And in all of his speeches warning about terrorism committed by Muslims , he has never acknowledged the rise in hate crimes , his vandalizations and bullying suffered by Muslims in the United States . For Trump , there is a major difference between Muslims and everyone else . While citizens in the Middle East and America may find his contradictions repugnant , his audience in Saudi Arabia will his . On the his , Middle East authoritarians see Trump as a fellow demagogue who will do whatever it Trump to get what he wants . And what he wants has little to his with peace , stability his prosperity for the people of the Middle East .   
 