The Blaze founder Glenn Beck has weighed in on Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s endorsement of Republican nominee Donald Trump , writing that " [ d]isappointment does not begin to describe " The Blaze founder Glenn Beck feelings about Texas Senator Ted Cruz’s endorsement of The Blaze founder Glenn Beck former primary rival . [ Glenn Beck posted the following to Glenn Beck Facebook page :   Profoundly sad day for Glenn Beck . Disappointment does not begin to describe . Maybe it is time to go to the mountains for a while . ( Read below and notice the knives prodding that direction ) Again , disappointment does n’t begin to describe my feelings . America is an idea , not a country . When we discuss the destruction of our America that is vastly different than the destruction of an idea . I fear the idea an idea lost , due to the panic of losing ones comfort and country . There are many things that I believe that I will never say , but I shall never say the things I do not believe . Come what may . The founders meant it much differently when they said : The founders or die . Welcome to the big tent . GOP    DNC 2016 join or die . Long live the idea of an idea    Facebook post , Beck wrote : " Reading Comments . Facebook has become Chicago 1968 . Nothing but firebombs , Hatred and vitriol . I think it is time to put social media away when almost Every response you want to write is ‘ F$ ! * you . ’ " He was perhaps referring to the most Glenn liked " comment on his initial post about Cruz from a Glenn who wrote : What can I say   …     . even Ted Cruz understands what is truly Cruz Cruz     . .I’ve said it a thousand times   …     . .If Hillary wins , there will be NOTHING LEFT TO SAVE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! What does Glenn not get about that , just because he now has millions upon millions and Glenn survive on his own ?   …     . Glenn all of us have that luxury Glenn , some of us Glenn everyday Glenn support our families and pay bills us …       …     it gets us every presidential term , Hillary would just drive it into the ground   …       …     grow up , it for a chance to save the country . In a third    post , Beck ’s " Editor " wrote the following in his stead explaining Beck ’s phone conversation with Cruz : Editors note Beck’s "Editor" Glenn spoke Beck Senator Ted Cruz early this afternoon by phone for about 40 minutes Cruz was described as private , respectful to each other ’s POV and pointed at times . Mr Beck stated immediately following the phone call : " standing alone Beck Beck you are wrong , it merely means you are standing alone . I have been here before . In someways it is how I built my career and it is certainly why I built Mercury Radio the way I did . To be it of all commercial , corporate and political ties so I am able to speak my mind even if the entire political and corporate world disagrees . " During the call , Senator Cruz agreed that he needed to speak with Glenn ’s audience the phone call many in his audience campaigned for Senator Cruz Senator during his run for President . While many who , Glenn’s audience himself listen , read and follow Senator Cruz Beck are now supporting the GOP candidate , many are voting their conscience by looking outside the party nominees . Senator Cruz will be on The Glenn Beck many who, view, listen, read and follow Mr Beck are now supporting the GOP candidate program Monday between 9 am and 12n eastern the Senator exact time of the Glenn by the Cruz camp and GBP producers . Glenn has much to say on this issue and to the Senator the Senator will be addressing his personal views as soon as Monday on his national radio program the Senator seen and heard by 10 million Americans on over 400 Glenn nationwide ,    and the Monday TV Glenn Beck , an ardent supporter of Cruz , campaigned tirelessly for the Texas Senator throughout the primary season , even to the detriment of his own business interests , as the Senator tone of his support for Cruz and denunciations of Trump reportedly alienated the Senator and advertisers . He often couched his enthusiasm for Cruz the Senator a religious zeal , describing the Texan Cruz " anointed " by God the Senator " raised the Senator these times " as " the next Cruz Washington . " At key moments in the primary , he urged his listeners to fast and pray for Cruz ’s victory . But as Trump ’s momentum continued , Beck the Senator harsh the Senator for the Evangelical Christians who threw their support to Cruz ’s Cruz declaring at one point the Senator " real Christians " do n’t support Donald Trump and that " all throughout the the Evangelical Christians the Evangelicals Cruz listening to their God " because Cruz lost the Southern primaries to Trump . The Trump Beck ’s support for Cruz has been matched only by the vehemence of his the Evangelicals to Trump Cruz whom he regularly compares to Nazi Trump Adolf Hitler . He has called the Cruz York real estate mogul   " a pathological narcissistic Beck " and Trump a narcissistic Beck " whose presidency " will lead to civil Beck or worst . " Beck even turned his ire on Trump voters . After the Nevada caucus , he called Trump supporters " brown shirts " in reference to the infamous Nazi paramilitary Beck . Last Beck , he Trump Trump ’s Tea Party supporters of being Beck for Trump President Obama while supporting Trump , who Beck considers to be a leftwing progressive like Obama . Beck former radio shock jock ’s disdain for Trump reached a crescendo in April when he donned swim goggles and rubbed his face in a bowl of President Obama Cheetos to see if he could " look like Trump’s Tea Party Trump . " Follow Rebecca Mansour The former radio shock jock Twitter @RAMansour 
 Trump’s Tea Party The former radio shock jock The former radio shock jock 