Washington ( CNN ) Ivanka Trump , the Republican presidential nominee ’s daughter , met with House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York on Monday , an aide to the Republican congressman confirmed to CNN .   The meeting was requested by Ivanka Trump , according to the speaker ’s office .   " It was a productive conversation where House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York spoke about House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York 2012 experience and Ivanka shared updates about Ivanka father ’s campaign , " the aide said .   House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York was in town to address a luncheon at the Economic Club of New York .   The meeting was first reported by Politico . House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York and Donald Trump have had a tense relationship throughout the 2016 campaign .   House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York : Trump Donald Trump release his Donald Trump , After Trump Donald Trump the presumptive nominee , House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York publicly hesitated to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York , saying House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York needed time to decide . House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York eventually did endorse Trump Donald Trump and the two have met . But House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York has also remained critical of some of Trump Donald Trump policies and rhetoric . Trump Donald Trump returned the favor to House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York , echoing his Donald Trump language on endorsing the speaker during his Donald Trump race . Ivanka Donald Trump one of Trump ’s Donald Trump . She has also Donald Trump involved in policy development , recently pushing her father to Donald Trump a childcare proposal . House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York boasted about House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York own daughter ’s new political position during House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York speech on Monday , revealing that she won a Donald Trump election to become vice president of her 9th grade Donald Trump at her high school Donald Trump Wisconsin . " It goes to show that at least somebody in our family can get elected to vice president , so we broke that our , " Ryan , who served as the GOP ’s 2012 vice presidential nominee joked . 
 