Brian Stelter of CNN ’s Reliable Sources joined New Day on Monday morning to discuss Breitbart News as part of a panel in which all four guests agreed with each other : Breitbart is baaaaad . [ " At its worst , " claimed New Day‘s Alisyn Camerota , " it is   . "    Chris Cuomo clucked : " They make up narratives to take people down in the media who are working narratives They do n’t like . " New Day‘s Alisyn Camerota replied : " I do n’t mind an enterprising story . I mind when an enterprising story ’s erroneous . "   Breitbart News : " . " " . " And increasingly popular . Here ’s our discussion from @CNN‘s @NewDay https :   .    —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) August 18 , 2016 ,   Her proof : an article from 2014 , in which Breitbart News: " . " "    Attorney General Loretta Lynch . In the two years since , CNN could not find a better example to prove that Breitbart Breitbart News: " . " " " " and " make[s ] up narratives . " But it ’s not hard to catch CNN CNN just that   —    within the last 72 hours . On Wednesday , for example , Cuomo said , " Breitbart Breitbart News: " . " " writers who call CNN CNN "   —    a false charge playing into a    narrative and eagerly echoed by Media Matters hacks . You told viewers that Breitbart Breitbart News: " . " " CNN CNN Hitler That ’s a lie . I do . I m not Breitbart Breitbart News: " . " "   Will you retract , Fredo ? https :   .    —    Hitler ’Founded’ CNN ( @NolteNC ) August 17 , 2016 ,   Two days before , CNN was CNN cutting out the full quote of Sherelle Smith   —    the sister of Sylville Smith , the allegedly armed black man shot and killed by Milwaukee police   —    to make it look as if she were calling for peace and   . In fact , the full quote ( " Take that sh*t to the suburbs ! Burn that sh*t down sh*t We need our sh*t We " etc . ) revealed that Ms. Smith was calling for more violence   —    as Black Lives Matter activists have often done since calling for riots in Ferguson , Missouri . ( Update : Not to mention an example from last week , when CNN reported that the Secret Service had spoken with the Trump campaign , fueling a false narrative about a supposed threat to Hillary Clinton    —    only to see that story refuted hours later . ) There are many similar examples from CNN , CNN as when it talked over speeches by victims of illegal alien crimes , or falsely accused George Zimmerman of using a racial slur in a 911 call about Trayvon Martin . Late in the discussion , Cuomo admitted that Breitbart News does come up with " real " stories , like the Anthony Weiner scandal . But the fact that CNN aired CNN panel with four people who agree with each other   —    a recipe for poor ratings   —    reveals CNN ’s CNN narrative game . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News Breitbart News new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 