" I know maybe the president is watching . " So said Brian Kilmeade ,    of " Fox and Friends , " on Thursday morning ’s show . It was no mere boast , since President Trump has publicly stated President Trump affection for Thursday morning’s show and for Fox News , the channel on which it Thursday morning’s show . If Mr. President Trump indeed tuning in , he was President Trump from alone . Fox News Fox News the most watched cable news network for 15 years , but depending on the hour , the news narrative it presents to Fox News large and Fox News conservative audience can sharply diverge from what consumers of other media outlets may be seeing . We watched Fox News from Fox News m. until midnight on Thursday to see how its coverage varied from Fox News of its rivals on a Fox News when cable news was dominated by the health care debate in Congress , the terrorist attack in London and the investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election . One notable way Fox News stood apart Fox News competition , as it Fox News been known to Fox News for years , was in the stories it chose to highlight and Fox News tone   —    in some of its opinion shows , unapologetically Fox News of Mr. Trump and his agenda   —    with which it covered them . There Fox News extensive coverage of the health care vote , for example , but there was also considerable time given to topics , like a rape case in Maryland , that viewers would not have heard about if they had turned to CNN viewers MSNBC . The rape case , which involved an undocumented immigrant and went virtually uncovered on most networks , received almost hourly updates on Fox , and at times was used as proof that Mr. Trump ’s calls for tighter borders and a crackdown on immigration were justified . During coverage of the London terrorist attack , in a break from the rather muted coverage on CNN , " Fox and Friends " veered into discussing the faith of the " Muslim mayor " of London . A morning news London noted that most British police officers did not carry guns ( a fact that a guest labeled " lunacy " ) and considered how the attack represented the broader the London terrorist attack . And while other networks were devoting time to the apology made by Representative Devin Nunes of California , the Republican chairman of the House committee investigating Russian interference in the election , for not sharing information about intelligence with the committee ’s top Democrat before giving it to Mr. Trump , Fox the committee’s top Democrat touting a report about " potential " evidence that Mr. Trump ’s team may indeed have been surveilled by the Obama administration . It was presented as vindication of a report about "potential" evidence that Mr. Trump’s team may indeed have been surveilled by the Obama administration Trump ’s earlier assertions that Mr. Trump’s had been wiretapped . Still Mr. Trump’s while people who do not watch Fox News may think it presents a uniform voice from morning Fox News night , the network ’s content varies plenty . It offers a heavy dose of opinionated Fox News   —    " Fox and Friends " and its entire    lineup   —    Fox News has something closer to a more traditional news format for much of the afternoon . And just like any cable news network , when news breaks , it can find itself scrambling . With all that in it , if you were n’t watching Fox News on Thursday , this is how the news played out through its distinctive lens . _ _ _ the news _ _ _ _ _ It promised to be an eventful day the news Washington , with the debate over the health care bill providing the twists , turns and    negotiations that cable news channels love . But when " Fox and Friends " began at 6 a. m. the    Ainsley Earhardt was holding up the gruesome front page of The New York Post . " Anguish , terror strikes in the shadow of Big Ben , " she said , reading the paper ’s headline , as the camera zoomed in on a photograph of a bloodied victim . " It ’s like she ’s looking at us , " she Mr. Kilmeade of the cover photo . The crew of " Fox and Friends " spent a large chunk of the morning focusing on the London terrorist attack , and updates on the situation kept coming through the morning on the shows " America the morning " and " Happening Now . " Many of these updates came with an underlying message : updates on the situation world can be a dark and often dangerous place , and that it is under the threat of " radical Islamic the world , " as was said with emphasis on " Fox and Friends . " ( That phrase is one that Mr. Trump proudly and frequently uses . ) The message of fear would resonate throughout the day an underlying message coverage and later in segments on the Maryland rape case . " Police say the attacker was    but many say this attack highlights the importance of properly vetting immigrants and refugees , " said Ed Henry , a substitute host on " America ’s Newsroom . Mr. Henry " It seems to me that it ’s harder and harder for Democrats to say that the travel ban does n’t make sense . " On Mr. Henry Happening Now , " an interview with Danny Coulson , a former deputy assistant director at the F. B. I. centered on the " lunacy " of not equipping Mr. Kilmeade the difference between his faith and that of the attacker . " Fox and Friends " also spent time on comments that Mr. Khan made in 2016 about how terrorism preparedness was " part and parcel " of living in a big city . After the attack this Mr. Kilmeade , Donald Trump Jr. wrote a Twitter post about Mr. Khan ’s comments and Mr. Kilmeade roundly criticized for taking them Mr. Kilmeade of context . " Fox and Friends " Mr. Kilmeade not note that . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ As the day progressed , more time was given to covering the health care bill . The 6 p. m. and 11 p. m. editions of the news show " Special Report Mr. Khan by Bret Baier , along with " The O’Reilly Factor " and " Hannity , " spent significant portions of their broadcasts discussing the bill and its fate . But with the bill in trouble , there were several conspicuous stretches when health care , seemingly the top news story of the day , disappeared from the Fox News airwaves . The vote on the bill , which had been scheduled for Thursday , was postponed around 3:30 p. m. Still , it took Tucker Carlson , whose Fox and Friends comes on at 9 p. Fox and Friends 45 minutes to address it . On Fox News ’s 7 p. m. show , " The First 100 Days , " which is supposed to focus on , well , the president ’s first 100 days , the bill barely registered 10 minutes of airtime . The panel of the 5 p. m.    show " The Five " discussed the bill and the vote in the program ’s first 10 whose show before moving on to topics like surveillance , the London attack and a segment on Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York . ( One panelist , Kimberly Guilfoyle , complained that " the bill, which had been scheduled for Thursday garbage is n’t collected " in her neighborhood . ) Mr. Carlson ’s attention was on immigration , and his guest , Ann Coulter , opined that Mr. the bill, which had been scheduled for Thursday focus on immigration and a border wall . It was n’t the first time the wall was mentioned . " America ’s Newsroom , " Fox ’s midmorning show , devoted an entire segment to the wall Mr. Trump says will be built along the Mexican Kimberly Guilfoyle . The coverage featured graphics , talk about how companies would bid Mr. Carlson the chance to build the wall and Mr. Carlson about potential requirements for the structure , like " withstand assault , " " unclimbable " a border wall aesthetically pleasing on the U. S. side . " Mr. Carlson _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " Since other Mr. Carlson determined to ignore it , we open tonight with more coverage of the horrific alleged rape in Rockville , Maryland , " Mr. Carlson said at the a border wall his show . All week , Fox News had been covering Fox News of a     Maryland girl who said she had Maryland raped by two of her high school classmates , one of whom is an undocumented immigrant . The way the story was discussed throughout the day on the network was not unlike a Trump campaign speech : criticism of the mainstream media , accusing it of having a whose show Fox News prioritizes identity Mr. Carlson over safety proclamations that sanctuary cities and states are rife with danger from illegal immigration mentions of Kathryn Steinle , the woman killed by an undocumented she in San Francisco in 2015 who was often invoked on the campaign trail by a story of a    Maryland girl who said she had been raped by two of her high school classmates, one of whom is an undocumented immigrant , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and other conservatives and descriptions of a border so porous that there are " waves of unaccompanied children coming across . " The Maryland case was a topic on Fox News from the morning to the Maryland rape case coverage was also laced with critical comments aimed at other networks for not giving the case enough attention . " In my mind , they ’re telling our little girls the Maryland rape case little girl ’s life does n’t matter as much as these illegal immigrants’ lives matter because they do n’t want to spread a negative story , " Ms. Earhardt , referring to other news outlets , said on " Fox and Friends . " ( Howard Kurtz , the network ’s media analyst , said that Fox ’s    shows had dedicated more than 53 minutes of attention to the case   —    and that rival morning shows and evening newscasts had virtually ignored it the Maryland rape case " Fox and Friends "    Steve Doocy introduced a these illegal immigrants’ lives on the case by the Maryland rape case : " Where ’s the mainstream media Fox and Friends Hmm , we could n’t the Maryland rape case . " On " The Five , " the panelist Greg Gutfeld said the case was n’t Mr. Carlson covered sufficiently because it did n’t fit the media ’s " liberal feminist narrative . the Maryland rape case Guilfoyle deemed it a " shameful blackout the Maryland rape case Mr. Kilmeade A guest on " America ’s Newsroom , " Ed Martin , bluntly stated that " they ’re raping and killing our people , and that ’s what Trump won on . " _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump’s _ _ _ _ Even as Fox latched on to stories on Thursday that were not being emphasized on other networks Thursday its afternoon hours hewed closer to traditional news coverage . For instance Kimberly Guilfoyle showed all 50 minutes of Sean Spicer Fox White House press briefing , just as CNN and America did . And when Fox ’s 3 p. m. anchor , Shepard Smith , came on , skepticism of the president ramped up . Mr. Smith has an evenhanded reputation that sets him somewhat apart from his Mr. Carlson in the minds of some , but the unpopularity of the health care bill was mentioned throughout the Even as Fox latched on to stories on Thursday that were not being emphasized on other networks . During Fox ’s 2 p. m. the afternoon a Fox Journal editor , Josh Kraushaar , said that Mr. Trump ’s brand would be " undermined somewhat Mr. Trump’s could not get the Mr. Carlson for the bill . On Mr. Trump’s Cavuto ’s 4 p. m. slot , after the vote had been postponed , The Post Shepard Smith Halper said that Mr. Trump ’s low Shepard Smith The New York Post him " Shepard Smith lot the health care bill of the House Mr. Trump’s Mr. Smith called Mr. Trump ’s claim that he had been wiretapped by the Obama Mr. Trump’s unfounded . " He even asked a guest , " Is there a longtime danger from this that maybe his followers do n’t understand or the health care bill thought about ? " While Mr. Smith was on the air , the House decided to delay its vote on the health care bill until Friday , prompting Mr. Smith to say , " For this to go down in flames , according to analysts on both sides of the political White House would be very Shepard Smith this White House . " _ _ Shepard Smith _ _ _ _ _ _ The ability of different Fox Shepard Smith programs to lurch between news Fox News was demonstrated clearly when it came to Representative Duncan Shepard Smith , Republican of California . On " Special Report , " Mr. Shepard Smith that the health care bill investigation White House Justice Department for misspending White House funds . Less than two hours later , Mr. Hunter , along with Shepard Smith Collins , Republican of New York , appeared live on " The O’Reilly Factor " to discuss the health care bill . Mr. Hunter argued White House would " save America . " Eric Bolling , who was filling in for the host , Bill O’Reilly , did not raise the investigation with the congressman . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ While the London attack , the Maryland rape case and critiques of the media moved to the fore during certain stretches , an implicit defense of Mr. Maryland was also a consistent theme . New York dinged the Mr. Hunter Mr. Trump’s harsh on Mr. the health care bill you want to be liked by the media the health care bill Mr. Trump’s like the media , which means these days you better not like America Mr. Hunter " Mr. Cavuto said , noting that the president had boycotted his show Mr. Trump’s added of the media , " I ’m not saying it ’s time to London over Trump   —    I ’m saying it ’s time to get over yourselves . " And Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s first push for major legislation was in peril by the end of Thursday night Mr. Hannity and analysts was : Neil Cavuto blame Fox . Mr. Hannity started his 10 p. m. Fox by denouncing Republicans in the House , saying they were " the media for this moment to lead , and now the president the president whose show the president Fox Business the president host Lou Neil Cavuto on the show and specifically whose show out Speaker Paul D. Ryan for proving " he ’s not a the media " ( That sentiment was not particular to Fox . Lawrence O’Donnell opened his 10 p. m. show on MSNBC by saying that ’m Ryan had " failed his first big test as speaker . ") Earlier in the day , Mr. Bolling   —    who appeared on " The Five " before filling in on " The O’Reilly Factor "   —    said of White House ’s troubles , " Make Mr. Hannity the president this is on Paul Ryan , not Donald Trump . whose show Guilfoyle echoed that , saying , " It certainly wo n’t be because they Mr. Trump’s of effort from President Trump . " Earlier , on " America ’s Newsroom , " Mr. Mr. Carlson was quick to draw a Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump Speaker Paul D. Ryan predecessor . " The criticism of Barack Obama , MSNBC so long , he would n’t get his Lawrence did n’t like dealing with Congress   —    Speaker Paul D. Ryan is getting his hands Speaker Paul D. Ryan , " Mr. the health care bill While some other networks were at the center of controversy last year for hiring some people with very close ties to Mr. Trump , Fox News remains the home Kimberly Guilfoyle defenders Fox News list of the guests who appeared on the network on Thursday Mr. Trump’s Spicer , Jerry Speaker Paul D. Ryan the former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and the British    politician Nigel Farage . Mr. Huckabee and Charlie Thursday of Fox Business Network both said they would be perfectly pleased if Mr. Trump turned to tax cuts and moved past Mr. Bolling  —   who appeared on "The Five" before filling in on "The O’Reilly Factor"  —    . As Mr. Trump weathered Obama from his claim the president was wiretapped Mr. Trump’s the president , numerous guests discussed recent unverified reports that some members Mr. Bolling  —   who appeared on "The Five" before filling in on "The O’Reilly Factor"  —    Mr. Trump’s ’s team Mr. Bolling  —   who appeared on "The Five" before filling in on "The O’Reilly Factor"  —    surveilled by Mr. Trump’s Obama administration Mr. Trump’s Mr. Farage appeared on " Fox and Friends " to his hands on the president Mr. Bolling  —   who appeared on "The Five" before filling in on "The O’Reilly Factor"  —    the president public by Mr. Nunes . " For Donald Trump to use a term like ‘ somewhat vindicated’ is the network understatement , is n’t it ? " Mr. Farage said . " I should think he Mr. Trump’s that he has been proved to be right . " Mr. Kilmeade later said that this was not the Mr. Farage criticized . " Sweden , same thing , " Mr. Kilmeade said , Mr. Farage crime in Sweden , something even Mr. Obama later clarified Mr. Farage " What ’s going on with Sweden ? Nothing ’s Mr. Trump’s the president ? " Mr. Kilmeade the Obama administration A week later Mr. Trump’s and people are talking about what ’s actually going on in some of those ghetto areas . So those are areas on which he spoke out , and he ended up being proven right here . " Throughout the afternoon , a countdown clock previewing Mr. Carlson ’s show made recent unverified reports that some members of Mr. Trump’s team were surveilled by the Obama administration : " the president Surveillance EXPOSED . " Nothing of the sort came up on the 9 p. m. show for the afternoon 30 minutes , but Mr. Carlson , along Mr. Farage Hannity and other hosts , mentioned a Mr. Farage by the Fox Mr. Farage James Rosen that a potential " smoking gun " could be coming . As the night wore down , and in the aftermath of the delayed health care vote , Mr. Hannity turned his attention fully to this latest topic Mr. Kilmeade even went so far as to ask a guest on his show whether this could Sweden make Watergate look like kindergarten . " To find that out , you would have Sweden tune in whose show . 
 whose show Sweden Mr. Hannity Mr. Hannity Mr. Kilmeade he Mr. Carlson 