The Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome treatment facilities simply can not handle the patient load . By Super Tuesday , there will be no beds left and white people wearing Brooks Brothers suits and tassel loafers will be wandering the streets of New York and D. C. with bloodshot eyes . [ By the time of the conventions this summer , these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment   —    along with the media mavens who serve them   —    will still be wandering the streets in the same , tattered clothes . these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment  —   along with the media mavens who serve them  —    will stare with zombie eyes and these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment  —   along with the media mavens who serve them  —    clipped and manicured nails will have grown into claws .   these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment  —   along with the media mavens who serve them  —    will mumble to these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment  —   along with the media mavens who serve them  —    . " Donald Trump ? But Donald Trump ’s a reality star buffoon ! " " Jeb ! is the answer ! " " these sons and daughters of the Republican establishment  —   along with the media mavens who serve them  —    do n’t really want a wall ! " When National Review magazine last month published National Review magazine special " Against Donald Trump " issue , another leading conservative magazine , The Weekly Standard , added to the alarm over the vulgarians at the gate . The cover depicted Donald Trump as King Kong atop Trump Tower , gripping Hillary Clinton in one hand and swatting and crushing planes with the other . Most people around here saw the The cover understood the depiction of Mr. Donald Trump a giant gorilla wreaking havoc as some kind of negative depiction . But for people sympathetic to Mr. Trump and the legions of voters who are attracted to his message and tone   —    people who , frankly , do not read either magazine   —    they would have people sympathetic to Mr. Trump and the legions of voters who are attracted to his message and tone  —   people who, frankly, do not read either magazine  —    the depiction as wonderfully accurate and true . Mr. Trump could very well use the cover as his campaign logo Mr. Trump Yes , his supporters would Mr. Trump ! That is what we want ! We want a we ,    gorilla who is not one of the government experts and owes nothing to nobody to go charging into Washington and turn the place   ! Si se puede ! In the first three contests of the Republican primary , Mr. Trump ’s strategy has borne great fruit . In a way , he has even Mr. Trump’s a victim of his own monstrous Mr. Trump’s . Because he has been Mr. Trump’s such a wicked streak of winning in the polls , he got very Mr. Trump’s credit for his stunning    Mr. Trump’s in the notoriously thorny Iowa caucuses . For the same reason , he got very Mr. Trump’s credit for his stout victories Mr. Trump’s New Hampshire and South Carolina . Now his punching bag Mr. Trump’s ! Bush is gone Mr. Trump’s the establishment is all clamoring on the only floating life raft left , the U. S. S. Marco Rubio . But it is tiny craft and it is always it on water . So much water that at the beginning of the race Mr. Trump actually sent Mr. Rubio a the U. S. S. Marco Rubio Trump Water . After the last flickers of the Bush Dynasty finally went out over the weekend , a Bush strategist was quoted saying , " Our theory was to dominate the establishment lane into the actual voting primaries . That was the strategy and it did not work the strategy " Um , no . Correct . Copy that . Did not work . Still reeling in disbelief , the very establishment Washington Post dispatched a reporter in search of Trump supporters in Washington , D. C. NEWS FLASH : There are n’t any . Actually , the reporter did manage a reporter a few in the very belly of the beast . But they either refused to speak to the reporter or spoke only a reporter condition that they not be actually named in they newspaper . A wing of the Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome treatment center will surely be named for the Washington Post . Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com . Follow him on Twitter at @charleshurt . Charles Hurt 