Wednesday in Cincinnati at the American Legion ’s national convention , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton opponent Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump by saying , " My opponent in this race has said very clearly that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world . "   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , " My friends , we are so lucky to be Americans . It is an extraordinary blessing . It ’s why so many people from so many places want to be Americans too . But It ’s also a serious responsibility . The decisions we make and the actions we take , even the actions we do n’t take , affect millions , even billions , of lives . You know that , you have seen it . Now all of this might seem evident , especially to men and woman who wear the uniform . You may wonder how anyone can disagree , but in fact , my opponent in this race has said very clearly that my opponent in this race thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world . In fact , when Vladimir Putin , of all people , criticized American exceptionalism , my opponent in this race agreed with him Vladimir Putin saying , and I quote , ‘ If you ’re in Russia , you do n’t want to hear that America is exceptional.’ Well maybe you do n’t want to hear itbut that does n’t mean it ’s not true . My my opponent in this race something important   —    when we say America is America , it does n’t mean that people from other places do n’t feel deep national pride like we do we It means it recognize we ’s America unparalleled ability to be a force for peace and progress , a champion for freedom and opportunity . Our power comes we a responsibility to lead humbly , thoughtfully , and with a fierce commitment to our values . we when America fails to America , we leave a we that either causes chaos , or other countries or networks rush in to fill the void . So no matter how hard it gets , no matter how great the challenge , America must lead America " (   The Hill ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 