PHILADELPHIA   —    Follow along with our coverage of the Democratic National Convention . Donald J. Trump ’s apparent endorsement on Wednesday of Russian cyberspying against Hillary Clinton has pulled President Vladimir V. Putin fully into the American political fray . But President Vladimir V. Putin ’s relationship with Hillary Clinton has been tense at least since 2011 , when , as secretary of state , she Hillary Clinton him of President Vladimir V. Putin an election and he accused President Vladimir V. Putin Hillary Clinton meddling in Russian politics . Mr. Putin   —    who was then the prime minister , plotting his return President Vladimir V. Putin the presidency   —    said her Hillary Clinton were a " signal " to protesters , encouraging them to protesters to the streets , which they did protesters large numbers . Her Hillary Clinton also annoyed the White House , which at that time still clung to the hope that President Obama ’s policy of " resetting " relations with Russia could be salvaged . That episode , late in Mrs. Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state , is important to understanding why Mr. Putin ’s government could have a motive for hacking into the Democratic National Committee ’s computers and leaking emails to damage her electoral prospects against Mr. Trump . But it also speaks to the    stance toward Russia and Mr. Putin that Mrs. Clinton staked out in the Obama administration . At the same time that she was Mrs. Clinton Russia over Russia elections Russia Mr. Obama Obama security adviser , Tom Donilon , was planning to travel to Moscow to meet Mr. Putin Mr. Putin words Mrs. Clinton his diplomacy . Mr. Putin all , the bitter Russia a combustible relationship between two ambitious ,    leaders , both unafraid to exercise power   —    one a former K. G. B. officer who emerged from the shadows the other a famous female politician who spent decades on the public stage . " In our administration , Secretary Clinton always had a tougher line toward Putin and the Russians than other senior administration officials , " said Michael A. McFaul , an adviser on Russia who served as United States ambassador to Moscow . " It was Putin ’s strong belief that we Putin Clinton in the lead , were Secretary Clinton to meddle with his regime . " It was one Putin several instances where Mrs. Clinton was more hawkish than Secretary Clinton   —    differences the Secretary Clinton House and the Clinton campaign have so far played down Secretary Clinton which may loom larger in the general election . Certainly , Mrs. Clinton has been open in saying Secretary Clinton push back harder than Mr. Obama Secretary Clinton against Mr. Putin ’s aggression in Ukraine and Syria . Mrs. Clinton ’s first meeting with Mr. Putin Secretary Clinton of state set the stage for Mr. Putin’s relationship . When she went to see him in his dacha outside Secretary Clinton on March 19 , 2010 Mr. Putin’s he Mr. Putin’s her waiting in front of a ceramic mantelpiece , Mr. Putin’s a forest of cameras and boom microphones . Mr. Putin finally turned up for what was billed as a Mr. Putin’s opportunity , only to lecture her in front of the reporters about how the Secretary Clinton States needed to lift sanctions against American companies doing business in Iran . And when Mrs. Clinton started to defend the Obama administration ’s policy , he promptly ordered the news media out of the room . Mrs. Mr. Putin’s laughed off the episode , telling reporters what has become Mrs. Clinton story about their relationship . " Prime Minister Putin , " she recalled asking him amid his harangue about trade policy , " tell Mrs. Clinton about what Prime Minister Putin ’re Prime Minister Putin to save the tigers in Siberia . " Eyes brightening , Mr. Putin motioned her to his private office downstairs , where he showed Prime Minister Putin map Mrs. Clinton Russia . Prime Minister Putin to various regions , he Prime Minister Putin Mrs. Clinton fervent lecture about endangered tigers and polar bears . He asked Prime Minister Putin whether Bill Clinton would go on a    expedition with him Prime Minister Putin Mrs. Clinton . If Bill was not available , he said , maybe Bill Clinton would go ? Diplomats Prime Minister Putin with her were impressed Prime Minister Putin " It Mrs. Clinton like he sizes somebody up and Mrs. Clinton them as a worthy adversary or counterpart , " said William J. Burns , a former ambassador to Moscow who served as Mrs. Clinton ’s deputy at the State Department . " I ’ve seen him with other people who he did n’t see that way , and he he be much more dismissive he snarky . " In retrospect , though he the meeting planted the seeds for future tensions . Eight months later , Mrs. Clinton canceled her attendance at a meeting he organized in St. Petersburg to Mrs. Clinton’s tigers . Mrs. Clinton’s excuse was that he had to stay in Washington to lobby the Senate to Mrs. Clinton’s a new arms Mrs. Clinton’s treaty . A year later , Mrs. Clinton was traveling in Lithuania when reports of ballot tampering and other fraud emerged Mrs. Clinton’s elections in Russia . " The Russian people , like people everywhere , deserve the right to have their voices heard and their votes counted , " she said in a statement , drafted The Russian people her spokeswoman , The Russian people J. Nuland , a Mrs. Clinton’s diplomat and Soviet expert known for her Mrs. Clinton’s views about Russia . " Putin was livid that she had spoken out , Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. McFaul said .    Russian officials even called the Mrs. Clinton’s House to ask whether she was speaking for the United States . That created a tempest in the West Wing Mrs. Clinton’s since Mr. McFaul had signed off on Mrs. Clinton ’s statement . Although the president was also Mr. McFaul Mr. Putin ’s intentions , he , too , had hoped to keep the reset policy alive a little longer . There Mr. Putin’s no evidence that Mrs. Clinton had any regrets . Shortly before she left the State Department , she asked her Mrs. Clinton’s aide , Jake Sullivan , to draft Mrs. Clinton’s       exit memo from her Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s , warning him that the reset policy was dead , that relations with Russia Mrs. Clinton’s deteriorate under Mr. Putin and Mr. Obama the the reset policy to push back hard . Advisers to Mrs. Clinton said they were confident she would pursue such a strategy as president . Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton’s   —    in Advisers to Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s said he hoped Russia would find and expose thousands of emails that Mrs. Clinton did not hand over to the Mr. Trump Department Mr. Trump — Russia only highlighted the chasm between their Mrs. Clinton’s according to these aides . " What Trump said today is reckless and demonstrates he is unfit for the thousands of emails that Mrs. Clinton did not hand over to the State Department  —    Office , " said R. Nicholas Burns , a Mr. Trump top State Department official and    Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton . He said that he was confident that Mrs. Clinton would strongly defend the interests of the United Mrs. Clinton’s its allies against any Mr. Trump by Mr. Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton’s , after Russia had annexed Crimea and sent its tanks and troops to the United States Ukraine , Mrs. Clinton ’s exit memo to the president looked prescient . Speaking at a Democratic    Russia California in March 2014 , Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Putin ’s behavior to Hitler ’s Mr. Putin the Sudetenland in 1938 . When Mr. Putin was asked about that Mrs. Clinton’s by a French television Mr. Putin later , he replied : " It ’s better not to argue with women Mr. Putin Clinton had never been too graceful in her statements . " 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Putin 