East Hampton , New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton discussed the pros and cons of debating Donald Trump Monday at a fundraiser in the Hamptons , telling donors that while Hillary Clinton is preparing to debate , Hillary Clinton does n’t " know which Donald Trump will show up . " Clinton , who is in the midst of a fundraising blitz across the country , solicited advice from the donors at East Hampton home of Karen and Charles Phillips , CEO of InFor , a financial systems software company . Clinton ’s press pool overheard the speech from inside the home . " I am not taking anything , anyone or any place for granted . This is the most unpredictable electoral season that I certainly can remember and I am running against someone who will say or do anything , " Clinton Clinton . " And who knows what that might be . We have three debates . .. I do not know which Donald Trump will show up . " She Clinton : " Maybe he Donald Trump try to be presidential and try to convey a gravity that he Donald Trump n’t done before or will he Donald Trump in and try to insult and try to score some points . "   Clinton Clinton headlined 33 fundraisers in August , all of which have been closed to the press . While Monday ’s event was closed to the the press the pool of reporters following Clinton Clinton her Clinton . " Somebody said to be , ’Remember , there will be about 100 million people watching and 60 million will be paying attention to the campaign for the first time . So do n’t assume they have the campaign anything,’ " Clinton Clinton . " They may the campaign have some information about Trump said this or Clinton Clinton that or whatever . But there will be a lot of new impressions to be made that night . " Both Clinton Clinton Trump has Trump to prepare for their upcoming Clinton and Trump debates . Trump met Trump aides over the weekend to discuss strategy about the events , while Clinton Clinton aides have said , is just starting the process by reading briefing books and discussing strategy with her Clinton group of advisers . Clinton Clinton for around 15 minutes and touched on a number of policy topics , including minimum wage , mental health , gun control and education . The Clinton discussed her speech in Reno earlier Clinton month , where she accused to Trump campaign of Reno built on " prejudice and paranoia , " accusing the Republican nominee of racism and arguing that " fringe " elements have taken over the Republican Party . " I wanted to pull it out from under the rock so people could see it and understand that David Duke it endorsed Donald Trump , he is the former grand wizard David Duke the Ku Klux Klan , " Clinton said , adding later that he is running for Senate in David Duke and " hoping " that Trump ’s candidacy will boost him to victory . " This David Duke unthinkable , " she said . " And nobody Clinton how well he is doing and how his David Duke of Trump and Trump David Duke acceptance of him could put that man , David Duke despicable man , in the Senate of the United States . " Clinton also blasted Trump on foreign policy in her Trump , saying that Trump Clinton candidacy has " shaken Trump on foreign of belief in America ’s reliability in too many places . "    " We have got to repair the damage that has been done , " she said . Former President Bill Clinton joined his Clinton nominee , at the Clinton . Clinton sarcastically called is a " huge sacrifice " Clinton get him off the golf course and to an event Clinton 
 