’   ’ ’    Elon Musk is being a hypocrite . ’ "    On Thursday , after President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump would withdraw    the US from the Paris Agreement on climate change , Tesla ’s CEO     the two White House advisory    councils President Donald Trump sits on . " ’    " Climate change is real , " Musk said . " Leaving Paris is not good    for America or the world . " ’ ’    But Trump had promised before Trump was elected to    —    and Musk knew that when Trump    joined the councils . ’ " Musk might have hoped he Musk change Trump Trump view   —    and that he Musk and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson could sway Trump Trump . " "    Musk Musk was transparent : Tesla ’s electric vehicles do n’t    produce carbon , and anything that encourages people to turn to    renewable energy would benefit the company , which is also making    roof shingles that harness solar energy and battery packs that    store it all . " ’    And as my colleague   Musk most likely felt that his    my colleague  Musk    a creator of manufacturing jobs in the US would have    given him some my colleague  Musk over Trump . ’ ’    It turns out that at least on the issue of the Paris Agreement ,    Trump was Trump serious about his intentions   Trump And a carbon tax    certainly looks unlikely . ’ "    The thing is that Trump does   Trump forgive   —    he holds   Trump . That    could spell bad news for Musk and Tesla . " ’    Tesla receives Tesla boatload of government money , which could    include subsidies , grants , and tax credits to customers who buy    its electric Tesla . According to a Los Angeles Times story from    May 2015 , Musk’ ’s companies   —    Tesla , SolarCity , and SpaceX   —       in " government support , " and    while a good portion of that was from states , there’ ’s no doubt    the company benefits from federal handouts , too . ’ ’    " Since 2006 , SolarCity has installed systems for 217 , 595    customers , according to a corporate filing , " the Times report    said . " If each paid the current average price for a residential    system   —    about $ 23 , 000 , according to the Union of Concerned    Scientists   —    the cost to the government would total about $ 1 . 5    billion , which would include the Treasury grants paid to    SolarCity . " ’ ’   ’ "    Musk has downplayed this issue before . Seeking Alpha highlighted    Musk ’s   Musk the company ’s Alpha quarterly    conference call   and credits helped the competition more    than they helped Tesla : " "    But Tesla   in its most recent    Tesla   , and while that was an improvement from the nearly $ 1    billion cash burn in the previous quarter , it was still the      total in the company ’s history . The loss of tax    breaks and subsidies for    companies get could    cause this hole    get deeper   —    fast . "       " He definitely goes where    is government money , " Dan Dolev ,    an analyst at Jefferies Equity Research , wrote in a research note    quoted by The Times . " That’ ’s a great strategy , but the government    will cut you off one day . " ’ "    I emailed Tesla about all this , and it sent me Musk the government    statement    from February about why he joined Trump ’s Musk’s advisory    council : " "    So sure , Musk feels like it Musk not worth Musk time to even Musk that    anymore . But that choice could be Tesla ’s loss . " ’Elon Musk is being Musk . On Thursday . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 