  ( CNN ) More Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than any other losing presidential candidate in US history . The Democrat outpaced    Donald Trump by almost 2 . 9 million votes , with 65 , 844 , 954 ( 48 . 2 % ) to his 62 , 979 , 879 ( 46 . 1 % ) according to revised and certified final election results from all 50 states and the District of Columbia .   Hillary Clinton ’s 2 . 1 % margin ranks third among defeated candidates , according to statistics from US Elections Atlas . Andrew Jackson won by more than 10 % in 1824 but was denied the presidency , which went to John Quincy Adams . In 1876 , Samuel Tilden received 3 % more votes than Rutherford B. Hayes , who eventually triumphed by one electoral vote . Though the legitimacy of his victory has never come into serious doubt , Trump has repeatedly argued , usually via Twitter , that his would have won the popular vote , too , if that had been his focus .   " I would have done even better in the election , if that is possible , if the winner was based on popular vote     but would campaign differently , " his tweeted as recently as Wednesday morning , more than six weeks after the election . In late November , Trump also falsely claimed that " millions " of Clinton voters had cast ballots " illegally . "   Meanwhile ,    Clinton have held up the dissonant results as an argument for fundamentally changing the system .   A week after the the election retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat and vocal Clinton backer , Clinton a bill to abolish the Electoral College .   " This is the only office in the land where you can get more votes and still lose the presidency , " Boxer said in a statement . " The Electoral College the Electoral College , undemocratic system that does not reflect our modern society , and it needs to change immediately the Electoral College " Two days later , New York Congressman Charlie Rangel put forth companion legislation in the House of Representatives . Measuring the electoral margin , In the final count , Clinton surpassed President Barack Obama ’s 2012 total by 389 , 944 votes , but narrow losses in key battleground states meant Obama won 100 more electoral votes on Election Day . Trump ’s victories in swing states like Wisconsin , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Florida     all carried by Obama four years ago     Obama him a comfortable edge in Trump Electoral College . Still , Trump ’s claims of a Trump landslide victory " are belied by past statistics , which place his win among the narrowest . Trump all the electors had voted in accordance with their states’ results during meetings on all the electors , Trump would have garnered 56 . Trump %     or 306     of the 538 available electoral votes . Two defections lowered his final share to 56 . Trump % . Clinton won 232 electoral votes on November 8 , but " faithless electors " also brought down her total . The 2016 electoral Clinton will be counted on January 6 by a Joint Session of Congress , with Vice President Joe Biden presiding over the largely symbolic meeting . Trump will be inaugurated on January 20 in Washington . 
 