Donald J. Trump is in striking distance of winning the election with two days to go , and there ’s really just one reason for that : Donald J. Trump ’s leading white voters without a college degree by a huge margin . In recent national surveys , Donald J. Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 59 percent to 30 percent among that group . It ’s larger than the    lead that Mitt Romney had with those voters in the final polls in 2012 . On their those voters , Mr. Donald J. Trump gains among this group that group enough to cancel out four years of favorable demographic shifts for Democrats among Hispanic and    white voters . He has Donald J. Trump won supporters among some of the same white voters who backed Barack Obama in 2008 . It suggests that Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama might have a little more in common than you might think   —    at least from a political standpoint . If Mr. Trump wins the presidency , that will ultimately be why . It has been Mr. Trump wins the presidency consistent pattern all year . Whenever Mr. Trump fights Mr. Trump into a Mr. Trump race with Mrs. Clinton , it ’s because he manages to run Mr. Trump the score with    white voters . In the past week , analysis of the early vote has already made it clear that turnout will be more than high enough for a Democrat to win a presidential election . Latino turnout will be high . Black turnout may not reach 2012 levels , but it will not be so low that one could reasonably blame black turnout for a Clinton loss . But Mr. Trump ’s strength among the white working class gives him a real chance Mr. Trump victory , a possibility that many discounted as recently as the summer . He could win enough Mr. Trump College votes without winning the popular vote , through narrow victories in Midwestern and Northeastern battlegrounds like Wisconsin and New Hampshire , where Democrats depend on support among white    voters . Mr. Trump ’s strength with that group could even be enough for him to win Florida Mr. Trump where Mrs. Clinton ’s abundant support among Hispanic voters would otherwise all but doom a Republican . The conventional wisdom after 2012 held that Mr. Obama was a historically weak candidate among white    voters , and that there was n’t much room for the Republicans to make additional gains . To the extent that there was an argument for how Republicans could make big gains among the group , it was that they could rally the Republicans of missing white voters   —    a group that in reality appears more Democratic than the white voters who do turn out in elections . But exit polls tend to undercount the number of less educated voters , and the national exit polls obscured Mr. Obama ’s strength among white voters in the North . They showed him faring Mr. Obama’s strength among white voters in the North among Mr. Obama’s voters than any Democrat since Walter Mondale , but that was exclusively because of his weakness in the Mr. Obama’s . In many Northern states   —    like Iowa and Ohio   —    Mr. Obama did better among white voters than past Democrats . There was a lot of room for Mrs. Clinton to fall . She ’s proving it Mrs. Clinton For many , it was very hard to imagine that Mrs. Clinton   —    a white Democrat who excelled among white    voters in the 2008 Democratic primary   —    could lose voters who supported Mr. Obama in the 2012 election , or who approve of his performance today . Mr. Obama ’s even stranger if one believes that racism is at the core of Mr. Trump ’s appeal : If Mr. Trump ’s supporters Mr. Trump racism , then why did so many of them vote for Mr. Obama ? Mr. Trump’s supporters might well animate Mr. Trump ’s base . But Mr. Trump some white Obama supporters suggests Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and Mr. Mr. Obama might have something in common . Mr. Obama has changed the story lines of Mr. Trump and 2008 elections   —    and tapped into many of the same issues and frames that helped Mr. Obama . In 2008 , Mr. Obama depicted himself Mr. Obama agent of hope and change Mr. Obama ran against Mr. Obama , the establishment and special interests . In Mr. Obama , the Obama campaign attacked its Republican opponent , Mitt Romney , as a Mr. Obama who would the Obama campaign jobs and help the wealthy , not the middle class . Those are the kinds of reasons that white    Democrats in places like Scranton , Pa. and Youngstown , Ohio , remained with the Democrats . In Mr. Trump flipped that frame . He ran against the establishment   —    and against a candidate who embodies it far Mr. Trump than John McCain or Mr. Romney . He depicted Mrs. Clinton as someone who supports corporate   —    even global   — Mr. Trump interests over the middle class on issues like trade and immigration . The various allegations against Mrs. Clinton neatly complement the notion that she ’s not trying to help ordinary Americans . Mrs. Clinton , meanwhile , has spent more Mrs. Clinton questioning Mr. Trump ’s fitness for the presidency Mrs. Clinton the traditional Democratic campaign message about the economy . Mr. Trump is expected to fall short of the presidency , in part because of his problems capitalizing Mr. Trump’s Clinton ’s deep weakness among white    the presidency There are probably many young Mr. Trump’s men without Mrs. Clinton , for instance , who liked Mr. Obama and do n’t like either Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton . Regardless of the outcome , these voters will loom over American politics . Huge parts of Mrs. Clinton Party ’s establishment would undoubtedly prefer a candidate who ’s friendlier to their views on immigration and trade . If Mrs. Clinton wins with strength among the well educated and Hispanic voters , much Huge parts of the Republican Party’s establishment the Republican establishment will conclude Mrs. Clinton groups are in their electoral interest as well . But the voters receptive to Mr. Trump Huge parts of the Republican Party’s establishment these issues would have pulled Republicans awfully close to those groups , even with a deeply flawed candidate . They ’re also among the voters likeliest to be skeptical of Mrs. Clinton in four years . It would be difficult for the party not Republicans cater to them the voters receptive to Mr. Trump would have the opposite challenge . Four years after demographic shifts were credited for Mr. Obama ’s victory , the party would undoubtedly the party the extent to which they remain dependent on the support of voters whom they might have assumed they no longer needed the party the same time , their winning coalition would the party better educated and more diverse than ever before the party Without a Republican the party Mr. Trump as a foil , it could be the party to devise an agenda and a message that would hold Mrs. Clinton ’s coalition together . 
 