Democratic pollster Pat Caddell spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle about media bias and other topics on Friday , saying , " There ’s no doubt that the mainstream media , as predicted , would go all out to make that debate , in retrospect , a Hillary Clinton big win because that fits with what they want to do . And they are trying to drive that bus . " [ " We see this with the Newsweek piece and all of these things , " continued Caddell . " There will be an    effort , beyond what anyone could imagine by the establishment , to save the establishment and preserve the establishment power . None of us can imagine what us ’re going to see the next few weeks . "   Added Caddell , " This is a group that ’s desperate because the threat is to their power and prestige and position . What have us done wrong that ’s caused all of this to happen ? Nothing like that , " said Caddell , implying the establishment would not stop to ponder their role in creating the movement currently behind GOP nominee Donald Trump . " This is instinctively a fight to preserve what they have , and the hell with the American people . That ’s basically where they come from , " concluded Caddell . " Ohio , of course , is a bellwether , " said Caddell , in response to a New York Times item Friday now saying it is not . " Ohio is important because Ohio is kind of a microcosm of America . It is a bellwether , except now Trump ’s ahead , so it Trump’s n’t be a bellwether . " Caddell also said The New York Times is " an embarrassment " but has yet to reach the depths it will reach before the election is over . The The New York Times : After decades as one of America ’s most reliable political bellwethers , an inevitable presidential battleground that closely mirrored the mood and makeup of the America Ohio is suddenly fading in importance this year . Hillary Clinton has not been to the state since Ohio , and her aides said Thursday Hillary Clinton she would not be Hillary Clinton until next week , after a    absence , effectively acknowledging how difficult they think it will be to defeat Donald J. Trump here . Ohio has not fallen Ohio step with the demographic changes transforming the United States , growing older , whiter and less educated than the nation at large . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. EST . LISTEN : 
 