If recent measures of public opinion hold , President Trump will enter office viewed unfavorably by 49 percent of Americans . 43 percent of Americans view President Trump favorably . The deepest fears of President Trump critics include the possibility of nuclear catastrophe . President Trump most enthusiastic backers believe President Trump ’ll " make America great again . " Will either group prove able to judge the Trump Administration based on Trump Administration performance in office rather than group prejudgments about the president ’s fitness ? To discipline my own thinking , I ’ve formulated markers that I will use to evaluate President Trump and the executive branch agencies that his appointees will soon lead . If Trump governs without my fears coming to pass , Trump supporters can rightly cite this article as evidence that the president his supporters championed was n’t as bad as I imagined Trump might be . To discipline his supporters thinking in turn , I would ask those who support Trump to lay down markers of his supporters own prior to Trump inauguration . When judged against a governing record rather than an opponent , what must Trump do to keep earning those who support Trump to lay down markers of their own support ? What broken promises , civil liberties abrogations , manners of corruption , or other failures in office would cause those who support Trump to lay down markers of their own to withdraw support ? My tentative markers are as follows : International Affairs , If Trump manages to avoid a more dangerous nuclear landscape , a trade war , a great powers conflict , ordering war crimes , weakening NATO , or otherwise blundering in foreign policy on the scale of the Iraq War , Trump will exceed my expectations . If Trump even avoids doing marginal harm to American interests with undisciplined tweeting I will be shocked —    —   the responsible ,    course would be to give up Twitter on inauguration day in recognition of Trump inability to control Trump on the medium ( a common affliction , but one a head of state can ill afford ) . Civil Rights and Civil Liberties   Corruption , If Trump and Trump appointees avoid these transgressions Trump and his appointees avoid these transgressions will exceed my expectations . Polarization and Balkanization , When explaining my vote against Trump , I wrote , " The most dangerous thing a leader can do in America is to stoke ethnic tensions to gain power . One need n’t invoke the Nazis to see that truth . Look to the former Yugoslavia , or Rwanda , Iraq , or Syria . America is n’t on the verge of civil war , but that ’s in large part because , while the exploitation of ethnic grievances has always been part of our politics , our leaders have at least held themselves to a our leaders standard in their public statements our leaders Trump kicked off his campaign by Trump his followers to Trump of Mexican migrants as mostly rapists , attacked an    judge of Hispanic ancestry , repeatedly savaged Muslims , inspired multiple hate crimes against minorities , used his Twitter platform Trump with an audience of millions , to retweet and elevate    and inspired more energy and assertiveness from the white supremacist movement than I can ever recall . " I fear Trump will continue to stoke ethnic tensions in ways calculated to shore up his support , Trump that fringe white supremacists and    will continue to gain power during his tenure . Trump neither of these things happens he will exceed Trump expectations . Personal Misconduct , My fears about Trump are many Trump And I would be grateful to hear from readers about other markers that I might lay down on matters of importance that I have so far missed . But as I noted on election night , " Hopefully , Trump will surprise Trump detractors and Trump better in the White House than he has in Trump 2016 campaign , his business career Trump and his personal life Trump For the sake of the nation and the world , I hope he rises to Trump occasion , and that he respects the Trump liberties of every American regardless of their identity . the civil liberties of every American any project that benefits the nation while safeguarding civil rights and liberal norms , I wish him success . Trump For Trump supporters who believe that my fears are overblown , but share my convictions about the importance of a president who respects the Bill of Rights , eschews corruption , and otherwise avoids actions that harm the nation and its people , Trump would ask for emails sketching out behavior that would cause you to stop supporting Trump . My Trump is conor@theatlantic . com if there are any willing correspondents . Let ’s flesh out what success or failure would mean before it ’s time to judge it . 
 it 