Trump , told Breitbart News exclusively that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) " will vote for " Obamatrade " again " after the election —   and would implement Obama ’s trade agenda if elected president . [ " Now , he ’s going to vote for it again Trump " Trump said in a phone interview on Friday . " He ’s going to vote for it again Trump He ’s just waiting for it the election Trump He will vote for it the election because Trump people who give him it contributions want it . He will Trump for it right after it Trump . "   The it time that the election Promotion Authority ( TPA ) legislation came up in the U. S. Senate , back in the Spring of 2015 , Cruz did n’t just vote for it . He championed the legislation ’s cause publicly with the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation series of interviews the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation a joint    for the    Wall Street Journal with the initiative ’s biggest congressional champion , now House Speaker Paul Ryan , and he very publicly challenged the initiative ’s biggest Trump critic Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) the initiative’s a radio interview in June 2015 that Sessions’ criticisms were " not accurate . " Under incredible public pressure over the next few weeks , as the House of Representatives passed a different package of bills that attached Trade Adjustment Assistance ( TAA ) —   a subsidy program that provides government benefits to those who lose their jobs because of open trade deals —   and as that government benefits package came back to the Senate for a new vote , Cruz shifted his position to oppose TPA . TPA , or    authority , Cruz a change in the procedures Congress uses to ratify trade deals with foreign nations . TPA lowers the vote threshold for passage of a trade deal out TPA the U. S. Senate to just a simply majority —   51 votes —   killing the possibility for a filibuster . It also eliminates the ability for Congress to amend any such trade a filibuster . Given the fact that Congress of TPA essentially guarantees the eventual passage of the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPA ) the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( ) and Trade in Services Agreement ( TiSA ) —   among other trade deals —   by lowering that Senate vote threshold and eliminating the ability for amendments , Sessions at the time argued that voting for TPA was voting for TPP and all these other deals , because it will be virtually impossible to stop them because a majority of senators will need to oppose them . voting for TPA was voting for TPP and all these other deals   —   TPA along with each of the a majority of senators that it would     —    the whole free trade package has become known as " Obamatrade . " To be clear , Cruz says he opposes TPP —   and has n’t taken a position on Cruz or    —   but his prior support for TPA paved the way to keep TPP alive Cruz He also , in that original    with Ryan in the Wall Cruz Journal , praised TPP as an " historic " agreement . Cruz did n’t just TPP for TPA the first time   — Cruz and then oppose it the TPA    publishing an    on Breitbart News the morning the first time  —    the vote and making hardly any effort to stop its passage the second time around   —    but he also TPA down an amendment that would have blocked the Chinese Cruz other nations from engaging in currency manipulation . Cruz was one of 51 senators who voted against the amendment , from Sen. Rob Portman ( ) that would have ensured that it was " a principal negotiating objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agreements . " Trump told Breitbart News that he thinks Cruz ’s vote against the currency manipulation blocking amendment from Trump fellow Cruz Portman , is more disastrous than his original support Trump Obamatrade ’s TPA Sen. Rob Portman ( ) that would have ensured that it was "a principal negotiating objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agreements   Trump said : To Trump , that amendment is more important than the Trump itself . With Trump currency manipulation and currency devaluation , that ’s how nations are killing us around the world in trade —   and he was singlehandedly responsible for stopping that amendment from being passed . Had Trump amendment been put in , that amendment n’t have been a good deal that amendment but it would have been that amendment much better deal than it is now . There ’s that amendment way this country can compete with those nations that amendment the TPP because of the fact there ’s no currency manipulation restriction . This Trump interview with Breitbart News focused on Obamatrade   —    a key facet of his presidential campaign , as the issue is something he has addressed in nearly every Trump speech and interview and debate , even when Trump   —    comes as Cruz has aimed to make it appear as though he stands with American workers when it comes to trade , despite his history on Trump issue . As Breitbart News reported on Thursday , a new Trump from Cruz the issue Wisconsin makes the case that he stands for " fair trade " — Cruz not " free trade " — Trump because the trade deals he previously backed harm American workers’ job prospects . It ’s a particularly bold move Trump Cruz as it shifts the conversation   —    in Obamatrade champion Paul Ryan ’s backyard Cruz — It back to Trump ’s signature policy issue , in which Cruz is aiming to prove to voters his viewpoint : That he thinks he ’s better Cruz Trump on trade . Trump is n’t buying it , his he his Breitbart News — Trump’s and made clear Trump’s Twitter —   that he thinks Trump’s is way behind him on the issue . Trump said in his interview Trump’s Friday Cruz Can you believe Trump’s Ted Cruz , who Trump’s been killing Trump’s country on trade for so long , just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz is so far behind me in trade that he put a phony ad talking about how he ’s going to get tough on trade Ted Cruz Number one , he ’s in favor Ted Cruz the Trans Pacific Partnership —   which is going to be Ted Cruz than NAFTA . And it ’s going to absolutely destroy businesses in our country and businesses in Wisconsin . Ted Cruz is totally controlled by the people that give him money . If you look Ted Cruz those people are , those are the beneficiaries — Ted Cruz not the people of Wisconsin or the people of the United those people . Trump also made clear that voters in Wisconsin Wisconsin to consider the impact of voting for someone who may sell out American workers on Wisconsin policy —   especially as Wisconsinites are currently seeing thousands of workers statewide lose jobs to closing factories . He specifically argued that Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who has endorsed Cruz and also supports Obamatrade Trump lost his early Wisconsin momentum in the 2016 GOP presidential primary race —   and dropped out before Trump single state voted —   because of his support for Obamatrade policies . Specifically , in Wisconsin alone , several U. S. manufacturing and Trump plants are shutting down . A General Motors Wisconsin plant in Janesville , Wisconsin —   Ryan ’s hometown , where he still lives —   shut down in 2009 Wisconsin At its peak it employed 7 , 000 workers . Now , though , GM is making at least one its of Buick cars in China —   then importing them into the United States —   with plans for more    General Motors vehicles . GM GM hardly the only Wisconsin company that ’s closing down U. S. operations . In October GM Dairy Farmers of America announced it would close a Plymouth , Wisconsin , cheese factory —   and lay off the 304 Dairy Farmers of America there —   according to the Sheboygan Press local newspaper . Oscar Mayer is announcing it will close a Madison , Wisconsin , plant after it produced hot dogs there for a Dairy Farmers of America . General Electric last year Wisconsin it is closing Dairy Farmers of America in Wisconsin —   and reopening them in Canada . There ’s plenty General Electric . " Wisconsin is Wisconsin tremendous amounts of business facilities in Wisconsin the voters are not yet aware of it , Wisconsin Trump told Breitbart News . " The reason the governor dropped out of the Wisconsin race so quickly —   like lightning —   was because I brought up the fact that they have massive deficits and they ’re losing their businesses . Once I brought up that fact , and once it was they by the they and by the voters , he was gone —   he that fact out of the presidential election . " the voters , in the governor the election heated primary in the governor , Cruz left the campaign trail to head out to Southern California for not just an Cruz on Wisconsin Kimmel ’s late night comedy show but also a high dollar fundraiser with his newest backers , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and $     . Jimmy Kimmel asked to explain his comment earlier in the interview about how Cruz is controlled by donors —   a line of attack he Jimmy Kimmel used against Bush and others to Ted Cruz success —   Trump told Breitbart News that the reason why Jimmy Kimmel , Walker , Fiorina and more are backing Cruz instead Trump him is Breitbart News drove them all out of Bush race . Cruz former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina Bush ca n’t endorse me . Walker former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina n’t endorse former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina . Carly ca n’t endorse the presidential race " Trump said Jeb Bush They ’re all out of the race because of me . They ’re all out Trump the race because of me . I ’m honored to have the presidential race and Chris Christie —   two They people —   the presidential race ’s out of the me . I exposed Walker and all the companies that are leaving Wisconsin and the fact that he ’s in Walker of TPP the presidential race ’s in favor of it Walker Wisconsin right ? " Walker TPP out in favor of Obamatrade ’s Walker at a critical moment last year Walker Right as it was starting Obamatrade’s support significantly , Walker Walker out publicly backing TPA — last year his fellow Wisconsinite Paul Ryan shepherd it through Congress . TPA said Obamatrade would destroy Wisconsin in a worse Walker TPA the North American Free Trade Agreement Obamatrade Walker ) Trump " TPP will be Wisconsin for Wisconsin than NAFTA , " Trump told Breitbart News . " Now , speaking of that —   not only Wisconsin but NAFTA voted for Trump . He voted for Breitbart News " 
 NAFTA Kasich 