  ( CNN ) Nearly every US senator attended an unusual    meeting on North Korea at the White House Wednesday , though afterward few said any new information emerged about the increasingly tense US standoff with Pyongyang . Nonetheless , members of both parties said members of both parties were reassured by the    administration update , which President Donald Trump appeared at only briefly before handing the session off to President Donald Trump top national security aides . " It was a sobering briefing , and an important opportunity for the entire Senate to hear the emerging plans of the President Donald Trump administration to confront what is a very real threat to our security , " said Sen. Chris Coons , a Democrat from Delaware . Other lawmakers said Other lawmakers learned little during the session , which was held in a large auditorium in a building adjacent to the West Wing .   " It was an OK briefing , " said Sen. Bob Corker , the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Sen. Jeff Merkley , a Oregon Democrat , said on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " that Sen. Jeff Merkley, a Oregon Democrat learned nothing new in terms of details on the administration ’s thinking on North Korea and any potential actions the US could take in response to another nuclear test . He said He believed the White House ’s decision to have the meeting was for " optics . " " We learned nothing you could n’t read in the newspaper , " Merkley said . Likewise , Sen. Tammy Duckworth , an Illinois Democrat , said on CNN ’s " Anderson Cooper 360 " that she did not see new information in the White House briefing " at all . " " It felt more like a dog and pony show to me than anything else , " Duckworth said . " I guess It has something to with this 100 days in office . " The varied responses came after some grumbling from lawmakers about the highly unusual nature of convening the session on White House grounds instead of on Capitol Hill . Administration officials said it was merely a logistical choice rather than an attempt to convey any particular message . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats , Defense Secretary James Mattis and Gen. Joseph Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , led Wednesday ’s session . Lawmakers traveled together in a fleet of buses from across town to attend the      briefing . Returning to Capitol Hill , none said none heard any new revelations from the administration officials . " I did n’t hear anything new because I have been heavily briefed before , " said Sen. John McCain , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . " It ’s a very serious situation , just as I had ( thought ) before I went there . " Expectations for the session had varied among lawmakers , who are usually briefed on national security matters on Capitol Hill . Some said they Some forward to hearing directly from Trump about his Trump moving forward . Others questioned why the the session occurring at the White House at all , suggesting the gathering could amount to a       and inconvenient      . Trump administration officials , however , downplayed any suggestion that holding the meeting on the White the White House meant to convey any particular message . Instead , they characterized it as Trump administration officials logistical holding the meeting on the White House campus was meant to convey any particular message between Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " That meeting is a the meeting on the White House campus led by Leader Senate , just utilizing our space , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said . " So that is their meeting . So Trump administration officials ’re not there to our strategy . " Speaking to reporters , Coons said the decision to brief every US senator sent a positive signal about the administration ’s seriousness in addressing threats from North Korea . " I ’m fine coming here , " he said . " Frankly Coons the President and his entire national security leadership Coons wants to provide a thorough , detailed consultation with the Senate , I think that ’s constructive . " A spokesman for McConnell said Tuesday that Trump himself offered the White House as a venue for the briefing after McConnell requested an administration update McConnell North Korea . " The President offered to host McConnell and the Majority Leader agreed , " said McConnell ’s spokesman , David Popp McConnell auditorium on the White House grounds is not typically the White House national security briefings , but can be outfitted to accommodate classified discussions among the lawmakers and officials , a White House official said . Senators are regularly briefed by the administration on national security issues , particularly those lawmakers who sit on committees with oversight of intelligence and national security agencies . But typically those briefings occur on Capitol Hill , where rooms are specially designed for that type of sensitive discussion . Following Wednesday ’s White House gathering , many of the administration officials who conducted the meeting traveled to Capitol Hill to brief members of the House . Capitol Hill , frankly , do n’t understand why it ’s not easier to bring four people here than it is to take 100 there , " said Sen. it King , a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats , on Capitol Hill Tuesday . At Tuesday ’s weekly Democratic caucus Capitol Hill there was " grumbling Tuesday about the optics of senators being summoned to the White House , according to a person in the room . " Is this a real briefing or is this another Trump     show ? This feels very much that this is just a Trump request this hold a    it is totally outside the Trump boundaries , " said a Democratic congressional aide , who also questioned the security of the White House auditorium .   " A ( secure facility the White House on Capitol Hill ) for a reason , " the aide said . " Will he be treating this as a stunt a Democratic congressional aide, who also questioned the security of the White House auditorium that the approach that he a Democratic congressional aide, who also questioned the security of the White House auditorium bringing the briefing or will this be a serious conversation about North a Democratic congressional aide, who also questioned the security of the White House auditorium ? " Popp , McConnell ’s spokesman , downplayed the notion that the setting is unusual and waved off some Democratic concerns over what they see as theatrics playing into the briefing . " This is just like Popp, McConnell’s spokesman other    briefing . Just the briefing location , " Popp said . 
 Popp 