Boston University professor Stephen Prothero writes in Politico Magazine that evangelical voters breaking for Donald Trump have let evangelical voters breaking for Donald Trump political identity trump evangelical voters breaking for Donald Trump religious identity . [ From Politico :   White evangelicals helped to send Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush to the White House , so courting White evangelicals early and often has become perhapsthe great art of running for office as a Republican . For decades , Republican politicians have gone on pilgrimage , Bible in hand , to Bob Jones University and Liberty University to court the Jesus vote . Even nominal churchgoers like Reagan have done what no European politician would ever do : pledge Even nominal churchgoers like Reagan prayerful allegiance to Christ . Along the way , Even nominal churchgoers like Reagan have repeatedly promised to restore school prayer or stop gay marriage or overturn Roe v. Wade . What Even nominal churchgoers like Reagan have delivered , however , is defeat after defeat in the culture wars . Cultural conservatives failed to pass constitutional amendments on school prayer or abortion . Cultural conservatives lost on Bill Clinton ’s impeachment . Cultural conservatives lost on pop culture , where movies and television shows today make the sort of entertainment decried by the Moral Majority look like It ’s a Wonderful Life . And    marriage is now the law of the land .    …      Today , when    Christians hold up posters at rallies that read , " Thank you , Lord Jesus , for President Trump , " when   Christians say   Christians are sick of false promises from supposedly pious presidents on abortion or gay marriage and just want a strong man in the White House who can stop illegal immigration or keep us safe or just " smash things , " what are illegal immigration saying ? illegal immigration are saying that illegal immigration political identity has trumped illegal immigration religious identity . illegal immigration are saying that illegal immigration are conservatives first and Christians second .    …      The Trump candidacy is no outlier . The Trump candidacy has not hypnotized evangelicals into forgetting the foundations of evangelicals faith . The Trump candidacy is simply revealing the fact that their faith is now more political than theological . The white evangelicals who flock to The Trump candidacy rallies like evangelicals parents once did to Billy Graham revivals know that he Billy Graham a life comically at odds with teachings of the Bible and the examples of the saints . But his Billy Graham theology resonates powerfully with their narrative of decline and revival . Classically that their narrative of decline and revival from sin in the Garden of Eden to redemption on the cross . Today it takes place in an America that has fallen from its founding America yet will , by God ’s grace and Trump ’s hand , be made great again . Read the rest of the story here . 
 