The New York Times posted a glowing article about a group home in New Hampshire , Hope on Haven Hill , founded with the express mission of keeping babies united with mothers who : [ "   …      had used opioids , mostly heroin and fentanyl . Many had been incarcerated . Few had families they could turn to for help , and the fathers of they babies were out of the picture . "   Why would anyone do this ? And why is the U. S. government giving these lunatics a    dollar grant to help these lunatics do it ? As the Times explains , " Haven Hill ’s philosophy " is that babies should stay with babies drug addict , single mothers , " alleviating the widespread fear among pregnant drug users that if babies seek help , babies children will be taken away . " Even accepting that , in modern America , single mothers and drug addicts are People Who May Not Be Criticized , this is insane . It ought to be insane even to readers of the Times , who might have noticed , next to the perky article on Haven Hill , the headline for a related article in the Times : " Opioids May Interfere With Parenting Instincts , Study Finds . " As the the perky article on Haven Hill , scientists found that the part of the brain that registers cute baby faces " as irresistible , kicking in our instinct to care for them " scientists n’t light up in people dependent on opioids , as it does in normal brains . But forget that the mothers are heroin addicts   —    as Haven Hill does . Just consider the lottery tickets these kids have won by being born to single mothers . As recounted in gory detail in Guilty : Liberal ‘ Victims’ and Their Assault on America , study after study has shown that children brought up by single mothers are doomed . Regardless of socioeconomic status , race or residence , they are children brought up by single mothers , many multiple times more likely than children raised in    families to : commit suicide , get pregnant , abuse drugs , run away , drop out of high school and go to prison . In fact , the single strongest predictor of whether a person will end up in prison is being raised by a single mother . We ca n’t do much about single mothers who are n’t drug addicts ( except maybe ease up on the endless paeans to them ) single mothers who aren’t drug addicts here ’s a golden opportunity to rescue children from lives of misery and place them with children adoptive families . In this case , on top of the daunting odds facing any child raised by a single mother : Mommy ’s a heroin addict . So far , the short life of one baby at Haven Hill has entailed the following : " Emma Lee , a tiny infant born with neonatal abstinence syndrome    …      had spent all 32 days of her life Mommy a neonatal intensive care unit because her mother Mommy Amanda , 31 , who was homeless for the first six months of her pregnancy Mommy had used heroin for most of that time and then went on methadone . " Emma Lee was born addicted to heroin . " ‘ Her withdrawals Emma Lee pretty severe,’ said Amanda , who did not want her last Emma Lee used , as she cradled Emma Lee Lee Emma Lee sunny bedroom at Hope on Haven Hill . While in the hospital , the baby had difficulty eating . Her hands and Emma Lee shook with tremors . " Could any of the compassion being lavished on drug addicts be extended to their helpless children drug addicts No . Poor little Emma Lee must Emma Lee Amanda , so that we can really drive home the point that unmarried women CANNOT be held responsible for getting pregnant and drug addicts CANNOT be held responsible for their addictions . Innocent unmarried women are pawns in America ’s endless project of promoting women ’s   . The politician ’s constant refrain is that drug addiction " is not a moral failing , this is a disease "   —    as Gov. Chris Christie puts it . Let ’s say it is . First it all , I would argue that it was at least partially Amanda ’s fault , and not the disease ’s fault , that she decided to take not the disease in the first place . Unless she ’s Cary Grant not the disease " North by Northwest , " and the drugs were forcibly rammed down her throat , she not the disease to gamble not the disease heroin . Nancy Reagan ’s    " Just Say No " campaign is a lot more compassionate than the parades and    campaigns announcing : DRUG ADDICTS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE ! Most compassionate of all is Trump ’s policy to build a wall and deport Mexican drug dealers , so that Americans with this " disease " wo n’t be able to catch it in the first this "disease" . Second , so what ? Let ’s say drug addiction is a disease . Lots of behavior has genetic roots . Studies show that    has an underlying genetic component . Why do n’t politicians weep about the " illness " of spousal abuse ? How about a bucolic New Hampshire home to unite    with their spouses , alleviating the widespread fear among violent men that their wives will leave their ? At least their wives can leave . their wives defenseless little babies are being forced to stay with manifestly unfit mothers   —    in order to burnish the drug addict ’s   . Ruining a child ’s life is part of the addict ’s recovery plan . Suppose Amanda were an unfit mother for reasons entirely out of her control   — Amanda she was a ray Amanda sunshine , a    student , with a bright future , who was raped and left in a coma by illegal aliens . Would    and government agencies adopt the " philosophy " that Emma Lee had to be raised by her comatose mother ? Emma Lee , of course not . The whole purpose of this senseless child abuse is to proclaim for the millionth time : WOMEN ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE ! DRUG ADDICTS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE ! 
 