’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s reversal on labeling China as a currency    manipulator , as well as an overall softer stance toward a country    he routinely lambasted on the campaign trail , have raised new    questions about the role of a top member of he Cabinet . " ’    Peter Navarro ,   White House    National Trade Council and a top economic adviser to Trump , was    believed to be quite possibly the most influential member of the    West Wing when it came to matters of international trade ,    particularly involving the Chinese . ’ ’    An outspoken China hawk , the    authored books such as    " Death by China " and " Crouching Tiger : What China’ ’s Militarism    Means for the World . " What China’ advocated for a much more aggressive    stance against the Asian superpower . What China’ believed , much as Trump    expressed along the campaign trail , that China was    responsible for a glut of manufacturing jobs exiting the US ,    pointing to China’ ’s manipulating of    currency as a top reason    for why that was such . ’ "    In the White House ,   Trump ’s   in alliance with Commerce    Secretary Wilbur Ross and US Trade Representative nominee Robert    Lighthizer . Together , advocates believed advocates would wage a    major economic battle against China . Navarro already believes    that China is engaged in an economic war against the US . " "    But Trump ’s   sent a shockwave    to watchers of the    relationship and made them    wonder if Navarro influence has been limited . " ’’ "    And the comments made it appear as if Navarro Navarro was    being limited . " ’    " What is left for him to Navarro ? " one top Republican operative    on matters of trade told Business Insider of Navarro . Navarro    one top Republican operative   on matters of trade ’s becoming clear that head of the National    Economic Council and    Sachs executive Gary Cohn is    exerting increasing influence in the trade policy realm . ’ ’    The operative suggested that one top Republican operative   on matters of trade ’s comments will be    viewed as a " betrayal " to his trade supporters , the move against    labeling China as a currency manipulator makes sense   —    as trade ,    he said , is       only " negotiating tool Trump has it his disposal    regarding the "only" negotiating tool Trump Trump North Korea . China ’    A White House official disputed that Navarro and the council he    was tasked with A White House official are being stifled . ’ ’    " Peter has always been and continues to be an integral part of    the president’ ’s trade team , which is dedicated to fulfilling    the president’ ’s promise to the American people that he would no    longer Peter this country to be taken advantage of by unfair    trade deals , " the official told Business Insider . " Peter and the    NTC Peter focus on identifying the unique problems that    have created an uneven playing field for American companies doing    business around the world . " ’ ’    The appearance of Navarro’ ’s profile becoming more limited    comes at a time when an apparent power struggle is    playing out in the White House . The " Goldman Sachs " wing of New    York businesspeople   —    Cohn , senior adviser Jared Kushner ,    assistant Ivanka Trump , and Deputy National Security Adviser Dina    Powell   —    has sparred with the more populist , nationalist    wing headed by chief strategist Steve Bannon . Navarro’ ’s views on    trade fit in more with the Bannon wing , which has   at the start of the Trump presidency . ’ ’    Navarro was brought into the Trump orbit by Kushner , Trump    contacted Kushner Kushner Trump find someone to speak with on China , and Kushner    stumbled upon " Death by China . " In announcing Navarro’ ’s hiring ,    Trump said in a statement Trump he China read one of Trump ’s books on    America’ China trade problems years ago and was impressed by the    clarity of his arguments and thoroughness of Trump research . " ’ Trump    " He has presciently documented the Trump inflicted by globalism    on American workers and laid out a path forward to restore our    middle class , " Trump’ ’s statement said . " He will fulfill an    Trump role in my administration as a trade adviser . " ’ "    Lee Branstetter , a Carnegie Mellon University professor who    served on President Barack Obama ’s Council of Economic Advisers    from 2011 through 2012 who is opposed to many of the trade    proposals championed by both Trump and Navarro , said Navarro    has n’t appeared to have had much say in trade policy thus far . " ’    " It certainly does seem to be the case that Peter Navarro is not    going to have the kind of impact on trade policy that we might    have expected based on the campaign rhetoric , Navarro    what Peter    himself might have expected when he accepted this position to    head this new council within the White House , " Branstetter said . ’ "    But Branstetter said this could stem Peter   himself how little power       ’s council has among the many White House agencies . " ’    " Lots of administrations Branstetter lots of little councils inside the    White House to address various constituencies , and many of them    are quite small and quite under resourced , " he said . " And in the White House game of jockeying for power and influence , these various constituencies little councils can also be at a grave disadvantage ,    to    the big agencies and the more established consultative councils    within the White House , like a National Security Council or a    National Economic Council . " ’ ’    " I worked for a White House that was very different from the    Trump White House , but this phenomenon of lots of little councils    that weren’’t necessarily doing a whole heck of a lot was    certainly a feature of the Obama administration and probably in    all administrations that we see today , " he continued . " It’ ’s easy    to set something up in order to trumpet its importance , to signal    to a key constituency , but it    really do much beyond    that . " ’ ’ the council’ ’s responsibilities were    as    advising the president on trade negotiations , coordinating with    other agencies , and assisting unemployed workers . The council was    also designed to lead Trump’ ’s " Buy America , Hire America "    program ,    at boosting jobs in infrastructure and defense    sectors . ’ ’    And just days after Trump’ ’s surprising comments on Chinese    currency manipulation , he signed his " Buy American , Hire    American " executive order , setting in motion one of Trump’ ’s    largest responsibilities . The adviser quickly made Trump’ aspects Trump’ the    order , and the White House pushed out a Navarro statement    praising the order . ’ "    But with a number of Trump ’s Trump’s initiatives being Trump slow to get off the ground   —    leaving some to the   order may not be    happening   —    Navarro ’s influence is increasingly under question . " "    Lori Wallach , head of Public Citizen ’s Global Trade Watch some a    group generally in favor Navarro’s trade reforms proposed by Trump ,    told Business Insider Trump Navarro is attempting Business Insider    implement Navarro Trump trade agenda with a number of Trump    protectionist members of the Cabinet seemingly in    opposition . And as Lighthizer has still not    been confirmed   —    meaning that , additionally , most of the top    political positions in the US trade representative ’s       are still yet to be filled   —    she said Navarro has    been forced to go Navarro it without much help . " ’    " You’’ve got the one person in the saddle who doesn’’t have    structurally , [ the staff , ] or experience wise , the    , to get    into a huge Washington policy war , " she said . " As a result , first    there is the fight over the ideology , and then the second issue       not having the hands on deck to do You’’ve implementation . " ’ ’    " While a bunch of this initial skirmish was occurring , it was    Peter Navarro    who is obviously a very bright and committed guy ,    but is the one guy who is not cabinet level . .. so he doesn’’t    even have the capacity to be in most of those meetings , " she    added . " He is someone who is the least sort of political    Machiavellian    the sense that he’ ’s never played in this    setting . " ’ ’ This post has been updated    include comment from the White    House . ’ " President Donald Trump ’s reversal on labeling Trump ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 