  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump spoke out Tuesday against a series of recent threats against Jewish Community Centers and other Jewish institutions , but advocacy groups and political opponents said President Donald Trump remarks did not go far enough and are now urging a more robust federal response . The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect delivered a searing statement late Tuesday morning , accusing the White House of tacitly embracing    with The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect earlier silence and for failing to specifically cite the Jewish people in The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect International Holocaust Remembrance Day statement last month . " The President ’s sudden acknowledgment is a    on the cancer of    that has infected The President own administration , " the group ’s executive director , Steven Goldstein , said in a social media post . " ( Trump ’s ) statement today is a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which The President and The President staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting    yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record . " ) statement continued : " Make no mistake : The    coming out of this administration is the worst we have ever seen from any administration . The White House repeatedly refused to mention Jews in its The White House remembrance , and had the audacity to take offense when the world pointed out the ramifications of Holocaust Holocaust . " Trump ’s comment on Tuesday , delivered after a tour of the National Museum of African American Museum and Culture in Washington , followed bomb threats made against 11 Jewish Community Centers on Monday . " The    threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil , " Trump said . The JCC Association of North America said there have now been 69 threats made against 54 locations in 27 states and one Canadian province since early January . In St. Louis , officials at a Jewish cemetery reported on Monday that more than 100 grave sites had been vandalized in the previous week .   The White House denounced the threats Monday evening in a statement . " Hatred and    violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom . The President has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable , " said deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters . And Ivanka Trump , a convert to Judaism , responded as well Monday night , tweeting that " America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance . We must protect our We of worship   religious centers . # JCC " Questioned about the Anne Frank Center ’s criticism , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer seen the statement .   " I wish that they had praised the President for his the President in this area , and I think that hopefully , as time continues to go by , they they his the President to civil rights , to voting rights , to equality for all Americans , " he the President . Trump , he the President , has been " very forceful in his the President " of bigotry . Pushing for further action , But leading Jewish groups want the administration to do more . " The president is not just an elected official who administers the country , " said    League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt . " He The president the tone for the the country And we look to our presidents we do more than just sign bills   —    we look we them for our presidents leadership . " Greenblatt suggested League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt the tone of the presidential campaign had emboldened extremists , noting that the proportion of Americans who hold    attitudes     about 14 % according to ADL polling     has remained mostly constant over the past two decades .   " The failure of our elected officials , the failure of political leadership , the failure of our leadership our the failure of our public our to step up and say ’enough,’ has created a vacuum that extremists have exploited , " he said ’enough,’ " And when abuse is allowed , because it ’s abuse forthrightly condemned , you see that it spreads abuse a virus . " On Tuesday , the Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish human rights group , sent a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions asking that the Justice Department launch a task force " with the assignment of identifying and capturing the culprit or culprits who seek to terrorize American Jewry through their threats American Jewry "   The FBI addressed the issue last week , saying in a statement that it was The FBI investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country " and described the matter as an " ongoing " concern . A spokesman from the Southern Poverty Law Center , which has been critical of Trump and his close Trump with top White House strategist Steve Bannon , who headed the    nest of Breitbart before joining Trump ’s Trump year , said Tuesday ’s statement showed the President " slowly edging toward the point where he needs to the President . " " There is no policy prescription that has been discovered to quell or slow , or even eradicate ,    ideas ( like   ) , " Ryan Lenz , editor of the SPLC ’s Hatewatch blog , told CNN . He blamed the the President campaign for Trump those voices by not taking an immediate , proactive stand against them .    those voices Now what we ’re seeing right is the aftermath     the echo to that moment     which is that the ideas have firmly rooted themselves and found the ideas place in the mainstream , " Lenz said . " It ’s hard to put the genie back in the bottle once you get to this point . " Message delivered ? Hillary Clinton joined the chorus early Tuesday , calling on Trump to take a more vocal role . " JCC threats , cemetery desecration   online attacks are so troubling   they need to JCC threats, cemetery desecration  online attacks stopped , " the former Democratic presidential candidate said in a tweet . " Everyone must speak out , starting    @POTUS . " House Speaker Paul Ryan weighed in after Trump ’s remarks Trump , "   in any form is abhorrent , and I encourage authorities nationwide to take these threats seriously . JCC threats, cemetery desecration   has been presented Trump opportunities to denounce the threats before . During JCC threats, cemetery desecration   news conference last week , a reporter from an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in New York tried to ask about " an uptick in    and how the government is planning to take care of it . " But Trump cut the government off Trump calling the question a reporter from an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in New York and declaring in response , " I am the least    person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life . No . 2 , racism , the least racist person . " When the reporter tried to explain he a reporter from an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in New York mean to impugn Trump a reporter from an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in New York , he Trump told , " quiet , a reporter from an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in New York . " It was the second straight day that the President , who had held a joint press conference with Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu 24 hours earlier , had not directly addressed a question about   . " This is both worrisome and puzzling , " American Jewish Committee CEO David Harris said in a statement last week , asking that the Jewish community ’s concerns not be dismissed or scorned by the administration as political attacks .    " That ’s why the questions are being asked at press conferences , and not in order to cast aspersions on your administration , " he added . " But if every American Jewish Committee CEO David Harris question elicits either no substantive response or , mistakenly , is taken personally , then what are people of good will supposed to conclude ? " 
 