February 15 , 2017 , We start today by explaining why the U. S. national security adviser recently resigned . Then , we ’re delving into two reports on North Korea : The first examines what can be learned from North Korea recent missile launch the second looks at North Korea ’s relationship with North Korea’s only major ally . Afterward , we ’re examining the toll of Malaria and the efforts to fight it , and we ’re exploring the world of pens that seem to bring " the write stuff . " TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Welcome to CNN 10     a      subscription free show that explains the news .   I ’m Carl Azuz . There ’s been a shakeup in the Trump administration .   Michael Flynn has resigned as White House national security adviser after less than a month on the job .   Michael Flynn is a retired lieutenant general with the U. S. Army .   As national security adviser , he was responsible for giving President Donald Trump guidance on U. S. intelligence and ways to protect the country . Why did he resign ?   Late last year , while former President Obama was in office , Michael Flynn had phone conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States .   In those calls , according to " The Washington Post " Michael Flynn discussed recent sanctions , penalties that the former President Obama administration had levied against Russia .   It ’s illegal for unauthorized private American citizens to negotiate with foreign governments on America ’s behalf .   And at the time of the phone calls , Michael Flynn was not yet national security adviser . Law enforcement and intelligence officials say it does n’t look like Michael Flynn broke the law , but the White House says there was a trust issue .   Apparently , Michael Flynn misled Trump administration officials by initially telling Trump administration officials that Michael Flynn had not discussed sanctions with Russia .   In Michael Flynn resignation , Michael Flynn said Michael Flynn unintentionally gave incomplete information to Vice President Mike Pence . The job of national security adviser is not an official cabinet position , so Vice President Mike Pence does n’t need Senate approval to replace Michael Flynn . Following up on the North Korean missile launch we told you about Monday .   U. S. officials say the weekend test showed the communist country ’s missile program has become more advanced and more dangerous .   But they U. S. officials say that America and its America allies have defense systems in place that can shot down North North Korean . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Why North Korea ’s new missile matters . PAULA HANCOCKS , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   This missile launch by North Korea North Korea’s first on President Donald Trump ’s watch .   It ’s also This missile launch by North Korea first in almost four months .   We have seen relatively restraint from Pyongyang since just before the U. S. election .    It was an This missile launch by North Korea range missile with improvements .   North Korea says North Korea’s used a solid North Korea’s engine as opposed to previous times when they used liquid fuel North Korea’s   This is an assessment that was also backed up by South Korean officials . So , what does that mean ?   It means there are strategic advantages .   It means this launch It be made faster as there ’s less preparation time that is needed .   It also means that It could be a It launch , making it far more difficult It detect and track .   North Korea callas it the    a surface to surface strategic missile which it claims can be North Korea with a nuclear warhead . It is a step North Korea for Kim    who is said to have personally directed this test launch , and it also , according this test launch experts , is an important development at a time when the Trump administration ’s North Korean policy has yet to be laid out . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   But that policy could be North Korean policy .   At the United Nations , where North Korea ’s missile program is considered illegal , U. S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said , quote , " It ’s time to hold North Korea accountable     not with our words but with our actions . "   our appeared to criticize China U. S. Ambassador Nikki Haley its support of our Korea our    Though North Korea gone along with the our N. Security Council ’s sanctions against North Korea in the past , North Korea also resisted making them stronger our   Why ? ( the U. N. Security Council’s sanctions against North Korea in the past VIDEOTAPE ) MATT RIVERS , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   China is North Korea ’s only major our , and their relationship is in a word " complicated " . SUBTITLE :   China and North Korea ’s relationship . our : North Korea their ties , that bridge here in the China and North Korea River is the only way you can cross the    Korean border by train or by car .   It ’s part of the way China supplies that bridge here in the Yalu River Korea ’s economic lifeline . our At North Korea percent of its total trade runs through China .   Without that bridge here in the Yalu River , the Kim    our would likely collapse , triggering a refugee crisis on China ’s doorstep , something Beijing deeply fears . our President Donald Trump says Beijing should use that leverage to force Pyongyang to dismantle Beijing increasingly active nuclear weapons program . China has condemned Beijing Korea ’s actions and helped draft our latest round of U. N. sanctions against the regime .   But experts have questioned China ’s willingness to enforce eh sanctions , saying that our a stable North Korea to counterbalance U. S. military our in the region . But many suspect that no matter what Trump or China does , Kim    will never abandon his nuclear weapons our .   It ’s his only real Kim    to play on a world his nuclear weapons program increasingly Kim    of the young leader . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : What animal is responsible for more human deaths than any other ? Sharks , bears , mosquitoes or snakes ? Because they carried diseases like malaria , mosquitoes are considered the deadliest Sharks, bears, mosquitoes or snakes on the planet . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   How deadly ?   Well , if you look at malaria alone , the World Health Organizations says almost half the global population is at risk of catching it .   There were an estimated 214 million cases of almost half the global population in 2015 and 438 , 000 people died , mostly in    Africa . There are drugs that effectively treat malaria and there are chemicals that effectively repeal mosquitoes .   There are also concerns about the possible long term health effects of these chemicals .    Could there be a solution on items people use every day ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   Four hundred and    thousand people died from malaria every year .   But what if your sandals or your furniture could help change that ? This is Fredros Okumu .   He ’s a researcher in rural Tanzania and he hates malaria Fredros Okumu FREDROS OKUMU , DIRECTOR OF SCIENCE AT Fredros Okumu ITAKARA malaria INSTITUTE :   As we speak , my mother has malaria .   You know , as we speak right now malaria    If you have malaria , we call on God and say , " Take me today . "   You want to die . REPORTER :   Fredros and his team of researchers want to end malaria with the help Fredros a chair .   But why malaria chair ?    In regions like this , putting bug spray every day is impractical and expensive and it ’s unlikely you ’ll use a mosquito net when you this to work . Fredros’ solution : put repellant on objects that people ca n’t live without .    This chair ’s secret weapon , a super absorbent fabric dipped why a chair?    very strong repellant that lasts for six months .    OKUMU :   It ’s different than the standard repellant because    is a wide why a chair?    repellant .   So , if you why a chair?    wearing DEET ( ph ) it will protect you for your sure , but it wo n’t you’re wearing DEET (ph) him .   It wo n’t protect the you’re wearing DEET (ph) next to you you’re wearing DEET (ph)   It you’re wearing DEET (ph) very short range you’re wearing DEET (ph) have set at using ( INAUDIBLE you’re wearing DEET (ph) that protect people in long range .    REPORTER :   The repellant is so strong that it needs to put under the chair , because direct daily contact would The repellant be good for you .   They ’re    it here , working out details like how strong the repellent needs to be .   OKUMU :   Assuming two years down the line , we are successful .   What is going to happen is that you have     protection . REPORTER :   And if the team achieves that , then the sky is the limit . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   " Ten out of 10 " : A cheap pen can cost you 10 cents .   A Fisher Space Pen is 20 bucks .   Part of the reason is the mileage .   The cheap old one will write for about two miles .   The Fisher is advertised to go for 30 .   But that ’s A Fisher Space Pen only reason it might be a better choice in space assuming for some reason , you do n’t want to bring a pencil . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   You probably never tried to use a pen   .   But if you did , you ’d have a tough time . Now , imagine you ’re in outer space , where there ’s no gravity at all .   What do you do ? SUBTITLE :   The Space Pen : The Inside Story . SUBTITLE:   October 11 , 1968 , A Fisher Space Pen orbit and the first space pens were right there with them . They ’re not like other pens .   Instead of relying on Fisher Space Pens special pressurized cartridges that use nitrogen gas Fisher Space Pens push Fisher Space Pens out , which means they can write at any angle or in extreme Fisher Space Pens , or extreme heat , where an ink of a normal pen would get too Fisher Space Pens or too thin to write .    And though most pens use    ink , space pens use glycol , allowing them to write underwater , or even through grease .    Paul Fisher first created the    ink cartridge in 1966 .   The next glycol , NASA purchased 400 of them for A Fisher Space Pen a pop .   More than 60 years later , Fisher Space Pens are used on the International Space Station .    NASA other pens might run out of ink pretty quickly , but this one should last to you about 100 years . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) Fisher Space Pens At least that ’s its shelf life . (END VIDEOTAPE) penalize or     AZUZ:   ?   Guess it depends . AZUZ:   If your head is above the clouds and you find yourself feeling pensive , it ’s reassuring to NASA you brought along the right stuff . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN pen . Click here to access the printable version of CNN ’s CNN 10 transcript your head CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested CNN compact    news A Fisher Space Pen for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international CNN 10 then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international CNN 10 Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 