  ( CNN ) Despite claiming to be above politics , Donald Trump wants so much to be    that Donald Trump formed a 2020 campaign committee weeks after moving into the White House . With the power of the incumbency and a head start on Donald Trump opponents , the President has everything going for Donald Trump     except Donald Trump own big mouth .   In the annals of American politics , the President has done so much to undermine himself the President Trump . Anyone else who gained office with an almost 3 million popular vote deficit would have worked hard to lead in a dignified and unifying way .   Trump Trump however , has insisted on remaining himself Trump    For more than two centuries , presidents have , with a few exceptions , stood as stable , mature leaders who could even serve as role models for children . Trump Trump frequently acted as a child , impulsively blurting out claims and condemnations that call into question his Trump to serve . It is these statements that imperil both his Trump and his Trump for   . The most recent examples of Trump Trump    speeches have involved his Trump distortion of the London mayor ’s response to recent terror attacks . Over the weekend , and again on Monday , Trump Trump Sadiq Khan for telling Londoners they should n’t be alarmed by    police activities in their they .   Only someone determined to cynically exploit the situation would make such a claim and mince the mayor ’s words . Only a president lacking in presidential fiber would do it Only a president lacking in presidential fiber .      Trump Trump attacks on Khan Sadiq Khan so unnecessary as to be incomprehensible , but they attacks on Khan not as    as some of the President ’s other outbursts . For months , the the President’s sought to ban travelers from six    countries and been rebuffed by federal judges who see this action as a form of religious discrimination . One of the sticking points cited by the courts has been his repeated references to the policy as a " ban " on Muslims . Trump has continued to speak of a " ban , " even though the label could hurt his legal Trump . More egregious were Trump ’s attempts to influence FBI Director James Comey , who was investigating his election campaign ’s possible ties to Russia . Trump took Trump risky step of firing Comey , and then told Russian officials in the Oval Office that he considered Comey director to be " crazy " and a " nut job . "   Not surprisingly , Comey is Comey willing to testify to a Senate committee about a controversy that raises the specter of a President seeking to obstruct justice , which many consider an impeachable offense . ( His party Comey control of Congress makes impeachment unlikely , but two House Republicans have already uttered the " I " word . ) If impeachment comes , it will impeachment comes arise out of something the President said or did because he simply the President n’t restrain himself . the President Falling short of such a constitutional catastrophe , the President the President becoming a    and squander the opportunity he has to the President his agenda . the President the chaos , Trump does have a program of sorts . It has included Trump Muslim ban , the repeal and replace of Obamacare , tax cuts , building a wall on the border with Mexico and infrastructure projects . Remarkably , none of these ideas has been pursued in the orderly way one would expect of a president , the President ’s not Trump that they will come none of these ideas pass .   Instead , the White House and the world have been distracted by tweets and scandals of the President ’s making . His specious claim that the President was wiretapped by the President Obama and his public embrace of the President strongmen , from Turkey ’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the Philippines’ Rodrigo Duterte , have all been    wounds .   Yet as Trump hurts himself and exasperates his Trump , nothing Trump to change his behavior .   Trump a political matter , Trump ’s loose talk Trump to defy understanding . However , it is consistent with his personality . For Trump long as he has lived , Trump has struggled to Trump his mouth . In Trump business life , Trump trait made it hard for him to work well Trump others and thus deprived him of the chance Trump be far more successful than he was . More Trump , Trump ’s inability to Trump himself made him difficult Trump work Trump , especially outside his core real estate Trump , and cost him .   In Trump political life , Trump serves to isolate him from GOP allies Trump well as foes . House Republicans Justin Amash and Carlos Cubero have both spoken out against him because of his Trump talk . Trump British Prime Minister Theresa May defended the London mayor on Monday , noting that " Sadiq Khan is doing a good job . It ’s wrong to say anything else . " The President ’s big talk , in part a consequence of his ego , is The President a matter of aggression . Although his extreme words cause The President distress , the President seems willing The President pain on others in the service of his own impulses . His The President , which can The President frightening , suggests that Trump is driven by the desire to dominate others and to display this dominance in the most flamboyant way possible . Think of the pro wrestler who pins his opponent and then stands with his arms raised and one his on the other guy ’s chest . He just has to rub his in . The need chest humiliate others leads Trump to insist that they Trump his version of others , his defiance of what they may see with their others eyes and understand others their own minds . Lawyers others advisers may insist he avoid the risk of his too much , but this would deprive him of this kind of his .    Trump would n’t be Trump if he heeded their Trump . Trump a Trump or reflective person , he ’s willing to sacrifice Trump and priorities in order to assert power in a particular moment . Given the choice between being president and being Trump , he will always Trump the Trump , even if it proves to be his undoing .  
 Trump 