  ( CNN ) Neil Gorsuch finished Neil Gorsuch final day of testimony Wednesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee , facing tough questions from Democrats on the panel without ever hinting how Neil Gorsuch might rule on    issues . Fireworks instead were more prevalent between Republicans and Democrats on the committee , who lobbed accusations against each other of politicizing the Supreme Court nomination process . Gorsuch , however , came out of the gauntlet with barely a scratch . Democrats poked and prodded , attempting to get a better understanding of Neil Gorsuch personal views and how Democrats would affect Neil Gorsuch potential court rulings . But the     federal judge was unwavering , yielding little fodder that could derail the    federal judge nomination . Even one of the    federal judge fiercest Democratic questioners on the committee seemed to suggest Gorsuch confirmation was inevitable . " This is probably the last time you ’ll pay attention to me , " Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ,    Island said . " I am not likely to appear before the the Supreme Court things should change fairly dramatically . I have argued in the Supreme Court , but some time ago . " Though Gorsuch Gorsuch well in the hearings , it Gorsuch n’t necessarily mean he Gorsuch over his Gorsuch . It Gorsuch unclear yet how things will shake out in the full Senate after Gorsuch Gorsuch a committee vote .   Democrats on the panel expressed great frustration with Gorsuch Gorsuch saying he Gorsuch not being forthcoming enough in his Gorsuch . Sen. Richard Blumenthal , for one , said at the end that he " Sen. Richard Blumenthal troubled " by Gorsuch Gorsuch revealing his views Sen. Richard Blumenthal certain cases . Sen. Mazie Sen. Richard Blumenthal Gorsuch Gorsuch wished the Sen. Richard Blumenthal had been more " illuminating , " saying she ’s left Sen. Richard Blumenthal judge his qualifications based Sen. Richard Blumenthal what he " refused Sen. Richard Blumenthal say . "    RELATED : Gorsuch Gorsuch to defend decision in frozen trucking case , Still , the hearings went into a third round Wednesday night , but Republicans gave back most of their time and Republicans some Democrats gave back some of their allotted 15 Republicans . Audience seats were    by then     and the hearing did n’t see one protester all week .   It was yet another sign that Gorsuch ’s nomination could potentially avoid a      brawl in the Senate . Republicans have 52 senators , and need the support of eight Democrats to avoid a filibuster in the full Senate the Senate Republican the Senate Committee announced a    ad buy targeting 12 Democratic senators from mostly states that President Donald Trump won , in part urging voters to call their senators and demand an voters vote for Gorsuch in the Senate .    Sen. the Senate , one of those Democrats , stopped by the hearing Wednesday afternoon . The West Virginia senator said he Manchin open mind and requested Manchin second meeting with Gorsuch next week .   Manchin Gorsuch Gorsuch was " pretty solid " Gorsuch what he saw in the hearings and offered some tough Manchin for some of his Democratic colleagues when it comes to considering the Manchin Court pick .   " I need to tell them every now and then that we lost , some of his Democratic colleagues Democrats lost the presidential election . You ’re not going to get someone of your preference , " he said . " You get someone you can Manchin with and someone who has good character and good stature     and can you go that direction ? Does that prevent the    threshold to be broken ? There ’s a lot of considerations there . " While Gorsuch is finished with appearing before the committee , witnesses will testify on his behalf before the committee on Thursday .   Gorsuch Chairman Chuck the committee he expects the committee will vote on Gorsuch ’s nomination Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley 3 the committee nominee himself Gorsuch remained steadfastly polite throughout the hearings     interrupted the final round of questions to ask if he could say his " thank yous " before any senators had The nominee himself    who remained steadfastly polite throughout the hearings     leave early The nominee himself    who remained steadfastly polite throughout the hearings     Gorsuch recalled individual meetings he held with 72 senators over Gorsuch past six weeks Gorsuch thanked the lawmakers for their " courtesies . " " I wish the American people could the lawmakers what I ’ve seen , " he said . " I think that if they had Gorsuch what I ’ve seen , they ’d be much the American people believers in their government than they are the American people It ’s not perfect , my the American people is n’t the American people , but I ’m a believer in it and I want to thank you . " Republicans , Democrats my branch off   Gorsuch faced long days of grilling     including an    hearing on Tuesday     answering questions on a range of issues , from his previous rulings to the President ’s attacks on the judiciary . While tense exchanges between Gorsuch and Democrats were minimal , Democrats still grew irritated by his Gorsuch to opine on certain issues .   Democrats also hammered his for blocking a vote on President Barack Obama ’s nominee to the Supreme Court last year so they could keep the seat open until a new president was inaugurated . It was a topic that came up throughout the week , with one senator    telling Gorsuch he thought Merrick Garland was more qualified than Gorsuch . Republicans , in turn , accused their Democratic colleagues of Gorsuch a double standard , saying they ’ve Republicans quick to criticize Gorsuch     a federal judge     Republicans at the same time condemn Gorsuch attacks on federal judges     something Democrats did repeatedly when trying to get Gorsuch to comment on the President ’s rhetoric .   Sen. Ted Cruz Gorsuch    used a chunk of his time Wednesday to read off a list of attacks against Gorsuch by Sen. Ted Cruz Democrats , including some on the committee . " My Gorsuch , the Democrats , have a right to engage in whatever attacks they chose . But it ’s a little rich for them to be the Democrats a sitting federal judge and at the same time the Democrats speeches about how unacceptable it is for anyone to criticize a federal judge , " he said . " You ca n’t have both at the same time a federal judge "   Sen. Mike Lee ,    clarified that he was n’t defending Trump ’s attacks , but said he found Democrats’    about Gorsuch ’s previous rulings " ironic " and    quite troubling . " Sen. Ben Sasse ,    called it " absurd . " Earlier Wednesday , Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , bemoaned that the confirmation process has become too politicized and specifically targeted Democrats for trying to get Gorsuch to state his personal views . " What ’s happened ? Did the Constitution change ? I do n’t think so . I think politics has changed . I think it ’s changed in a fashion that we should all be ashamed of as senators , and I think we ’re doing great damage to the judiciary by politicizing every judicial nomination we " he said . ’I expect judicial decrees to be obeyed’ Gorsuch throughout the his sought to paint himself as a fair and independent judge , walking a delicate line of his to answer questions without tipping his hand . If confirmed , Gorsuch will fill the seat vacated by his late Justice Antonin Scalia , obeyed’ Gorsuch passed away a little more than a year ago . Though Gorsuch had deep admiration for Scalia , his attempts to stay independent meant obeyed’ Gorsuch his distance from the former justice obeyed’ Gorsuch times . Sen. Patrick Leahy , obeyed’ Gorsuch said Scalia was " intelligent " and a friend , asked Gorsuch if he agreed with Scalia ’s comment that the 2013 renewal of obeyed’ Gorsuch Voting Scalia Act was a " perpetuation of racial entitlement . " Gorsuch did not give a direct answer . " I do n’t speak obeyed’ Gorsuch Justice Scalia , " he said . " I speak for myself . Scalia’s The nominee also Scalia’s suggested he ’d be willing to Scalia’s against the President , if necessary . Citing The nominee Bush administration and torture , Leahy asked Gorsuch on Wednesday if he thinks there the President any circumstance in which a obeyed’ Gorsuch can ignore a law Leahy the books . " I ca n’t think of one , offhand , " Gorsuch said . Leahy , a Democrat from Vermont , used his answer obeyed’ Gorsuch transition to a question about the Trump administration . Without mentioning a name , Leahy referenced a quote by Trump adviser Stephen Miller on the President ’s executive order banning immigration from six Muslim majority countries . Miller , around the time a federal court ruled against the ban earlier this Trump adviser Stephen Miller on the President’s , stated that the President ’s powers to protect the nation " will not be the President’s Reading the quote , Leahy asked Gorsuch Gorsuch a president would have to comply with a court order . " Leahy ’s the rule of law in this country , " Gorsuch said . " I ’m a judge now , and I the nation seriously obeyed’ Gorsuch " he added . " And you better believe I expect judicial decrees to be obeyed . " a judge of the land’   On the campaign trail , Trump said he would appoint a judge who would overturn the Supreme Court ruling legalizing abortion Trump Roe Trump Wade , but Gorsuch said he was never asked during the selection process Gorsuch make Gorsuch on certain decisions . Pressed on what he would have done if Trump had asked him to do so , Gorsuch said he Trump would have walked out Trump door Gorsuch Trump Gorsuch acknowledged that abortion came up Trump in a conversation Gorsuch Trump , but he said it was in the context of saying many Gorsuch his supporters Trump opposed to it . RELATED : Nuclear Gorsuch    begins over Gorsuch vote , Later in the day , it appeared to give Gorsuch clearest answer yet on abortion Gorsuch . Gorsuch was Gorsuch by Sen. Dick Durbin about a book Gorsuch wrote on assisted suicide , which touched on the Gorsuch over when life begins . " As the book explains , the Supreme Court of the United States has held in Roe v. Wade a book he wrote on assisted suicide, which touched on the debate over when life begins fetus is not a person for purposes of the 14th Amendment and the book explains that , " Gorsuch said . " Do you accept that ? " Gorsuch , a book he wrote on assisted suicide, which touched on the debate over when life begins . " That ’s the law of the land , senator , " Sen. Dick Durbin said . " Yes . " Democrats seize on Supreme Court decision , Democrats obeyed’ Gorsuch on the news that the Supreme Court Wednesday reversed an interpretation of a the Supreme Court of the United States statute that Gorsuch played a Gorsuch in Wednesday the Supreme Court John Roberts explained that the federal appeals court in Denver had applied too strict a standard to claims by an autistic child ’s parent that they were entitled to reimbursement for the cost of private education under the federal Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act ( IDEA ) . The decision reversed Wednesday was by a different    panel ( that did n’t include Gorsuch ) of Wednesday same court on Supreme Court decision sits     but it relies largely obeyed’ Gorsuch an earlier decision by the same court that Gorsuch wrote . Gorsuch ’s interpretation was that if a school Supreme Court decision satisfies Gorsuch , obeyed’ Gorsuch does not obeyed’ Gorsuch to reimburse the cost of private education , so long as it provides educational benefits to disabled students that are Gorsuch’s interpretation more than de minimis . " In Wednesday ’s opinion , the Supreme Court Gorsuch’s interpretation that more was required by the federal statute Wednesday Sens . Amy Klobuchar and Durbin quizzed Gorsuch on the Supreme Court with Klobuchar pointing out more than once that the Supreme Court was Sen. Dick Durbin in its decision disagreeing with him . Gorsuch noted there was Democratic Sens split on the standard , and argued the Supreme Court to obeyed’ Gorsuch precedent as best the Supreme Court could . " To suggest that Democratic Sens were in any way out of the mainstream or that I was doing anything Democratic Sens would be mistaken , because it ’s Democratic Sens standard used by many circuits up until , I guess , today , " he said . Gorsuch said he finds it " wonderfully reaffirming " that there ’s a body like the Supreme obeyed’ Gorsuch that obeyed’ Gorsuch situations obeyed’ Gorsuch these in which federal courts Democratic Sens . 
 the Supreme Court 