Wisconsin could    the race for the GOP nomination , according to pollster and president of the Sen. Ted Cruz    Super PAC " Keep the Promise , " Kellyanne Conway . [ She tells Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon that She has thought all along that if Cruz could get businessman Donald Trump in a     race , businessman Donald Trump could win .   Said Kellyanne Conway , " It would no longer be the establishment versus the    because the establishment is gone . It would be Trump versus      …      hedging the bet that the    vote share is a majority and the place where you have the most growth opportunity . " As for Wisconsin , it "   the race because it ’s the upper Midwest . It should be a sweet spot for John Kasich . It ’s a place where Mr. Trump has already won contests . " Conway ’s larger point is that beating John Kasich in Wisconsin significantly undermines the basic premise for Conway campaign and by besting Trump , Cruz could be seen as the emerging leader of the two remaining viable candidates going into the convention . Conway also admitted that Trump voters tend to support Conway early and are " incredibly loyal , " but claimed Cruz is getting late breaking voters , while also picking up a number of voters from candidates who have dropped out of the race . Conway also cited the Cruz campaign ’s much talked about infrastructure as positioned to help Conway down the streth . " Having a vaunted ground game and data analytics at Conway side is incredibly important . You ca n’t invent it over night . They ’ve been working on it for years and it has mostly succeeded . Conway also cited Cruz as a candidate who " fits the times for those for the times one who want the outsider with the insider knowledge and experience . Cruz took elective office for the first time in his Cruz , not his Cruz , like a Rubio or Walker and has certainly stood up to leaders of both parties in Washington , " said Conway . The entire interview can be heard below . Breitbart News Daily airs from    EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 . 
 