In Las Vegas last week , Donald J. Trump ’s Nevada headquarters stood dark . A sign taped to the door declared that Donald J. Trump’s Nevada headquarters had moved , with " no forwarding information available . " On a weekday morning in New Hampshire , another battleground state in November , a single worker hovered in Donald J. Trump’s main office in Manchester . And at the hub of his national Donald J. Trump’s in Trump Tower in Manhattan , Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , has cloistered himself with Donald J. Trump’s tiny group of relatives and longtime business associates , relying on a staff of about six dozen people to win over an electorate of more than 120 million . Even as Mr. Trump dominates the campaign on cable news and social media , drawing large crowds with incendiary speeches about immigration and national security , his candidacy Mr. Trump faltered in the    test of political organization . Having swept through the primaries and caucuses with a skeletal campaign staff and a budget funded largely out of his bank Mr. Trump , he must Mr. Trump against Hillary Clinton , his presumptive Mr. Trump opponent , with only a shadow of the financial and political infrastructure she has Hillary Clinton . In crucial states , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump have withered . He has not yet Mr. Trump out a single television ad in the general election . He has about as Mr. Trump money on hand for his campaign as the Mr. Trump district attorney and the New York City comptroller each disclosed having in their last reports . each situation has grown so dire for Mr. Trump that on Mr. Trump he suggested that he might Mr. Trump his personal Mr. Trump to keep Mr. Trump campaign afloat . He disclosed on Monday that Mr. Trump campaign finished May with Mr. Trump more than $ 1 million in the bank . Mrs. Clinton reported having about $ 42 million . In a defiant statement , Mr. Trump said that he Mr. Trump getting started as Mr. Trump competitor against Mrs. Clinton , and that there Mrs. Clinton a " tremendous outpouring of support " from donors since the beginning of June . But he has mused publicly in recent Mr. Trump about funding the race himself , and on Tuesday opened the door wider to that possibility . " If need be , there could be unlimited ‘ cash on hand’ as I would put up my own money , as I have already done through the primaries , spending over $ 50 million , " he said . Even the stark Mr. Trump in cash on hand may understate the desperate straits in which Mr. Trump finds himself . His    led largely by Mr. Trump Republican Mr. Trump Committee , has slowed . He canceled a    with 90 people Mr. Trump Boston last week , after the shooting in Orlando , Fla. it has been rescheduled for June 29 . Mr. Trump is to be feted at Mr. Trump in Manhattan this week , organized by Woody Johnson , the owner of the New York Jets , with one event featuring Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . But the ticket price for that event is only $ 500 , a one event featuring Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey for a presidential campaign , and only 260 people have signed up , according to a person involved in Mr. Trump ’s    who spoke on the Mr. Trump anonymity because the information was not intended for the public . Charles Spies , a Republican election lawyer who advised the Mr. Spies enormous Mr. Trump his own money to    his campaign and win over Mr. Trump donors . He suggested Mr. Trump appropriate figure would be $ 100 million Mr. Trump $ 200 million . Mr. Spies said Mr. Trump should also forgive the loans he had made Mr. Trump campaign , to reassure contributors that Mr. Trump would not use Mr. Trump money to repay himself . Mr. Mr. Trump has already raised eyebrows among party donors Mr. Trump spending Mr. Trump his campaign events at properties he owns , and for the cost contributors that he would not use their money to repay himself flights on his private Mr. Trump . " For donors to invest in his campaign Mr. Trump he ’s got to show that he ’s investing Mr. Trump it also Mr. Trump " Mr. Spies said . Mr. Trump He ’s got to have $ 500 million to run a    Mr. Trump , and that would mean getting outspent by Hillary Clinton and her allies , between two and three to one . " Dwight Schar , a former finance chairman of the Republican National Committee , said Mr. Trump ’s grim predicament came Hillary Clinton little surprise . Mr. Trump never courted party donors during the primary season and accused them of seeking to buy influence in government , boasting that as a wealthy man he would be immune Mr. Trump entreaties . " I think Mr. Trump has got all the party donors , so he does n’t need any financing , " said Mr. Schar , Mr. Trump said he was undecided party donors whether to back Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Clinton . He added , " I think Mr. Trump mother used to say , ‘ What you sow , you reap . Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump has reported that his net worth is about $ Mr. Trump billion , though it is unclear how much is in cash , or could readily be converted to cash , that Mr. Trump used for a presidential Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s advisers spent much of Tuesday his net worth huddled at Trump Tower to discuss the way forward , including a speech he has planned for Wednesday attacking Mrs. Clinton . The address , Mr. Trump will be the first of several speeches Mr. Trump plans to give , with the goal of regaining traction in the Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s knack for commanding news media attention , however , is no substitute for a campaign organization . Mr. Trump ’s staff is larger than Mr. Trump ’s by nearly tenfold , and her stable Mr. Trump includes the polling and advertising firms that steered President Obama ’s campaigns . Mr. Trump ’s campaign , by Mrs. Clinton from state to state Mr. Trump Republican primaries , building    operations as needed , Mrs. Clinton left few resources behind that he could now draw upon in the general election Mr. Trump Hampshire , for example , Stephen Stepanek , a state lawmaker who helped steer Mr. Trump ’s primary campaign , said there was catching up to do in the Mr. Trump . He predicted there would be 30 or 40 paid staff members in New Hampshire by July . Mr. Stepanek well aware of that , " Mr. Stepanek said . " After New Hampshire through with the primary in New Hampshire , the entire staff moved Mr. Stepanek to New Hampshire primary Mr. Trump . They ’re all drifting back now . " In New York , Mr. Trump has kept a tight circle of advisers and leaned heavily on familiar faces , including his children Michael New Hampshire his longtime lawyer and Paul Manafort , a New Hampshire business ties to Mr. Trump that date to Mr. Trump . He has only the the entire staff of communications operations , relying on Hope Hicks , a Mr. Trump spokeswoman for his daughter Mr. Trump , to handle the avalanche of daily news media requests . And Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to expand his operation , facing cold Mr. Trump and arch skepticism from strategists with deep campaign experience . He has sought to hire a communications Mr. Trump , but has been rebuffed by at least two seasoned operatives who were concerned Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump could harm Mr. Trump careers , according to Republicans briefed on the hiring efforts . He has recently recruited Mr. Trump pollsters Tony Fabrizio and John McLaughlin , as well as a strategist , Kevin Kellems , to oversee the activities of his campaign surrogates Mr. Trump he has also shed staff , and late last month dismissed a recently hired political Mr. Trump , Rick Wiley , whom at least two seasoned operatives who were concerned that working for Mr. Trump could harm their careers viewed as insufficiently tough in negotiations with the Republican National Committee . On Monday , Mr. Trump fired his Mr. Trump manager , Corey Lewandowski Mr. Trump tearing another hole in the architecture of his campaign . Mr. Lewandowski was a close adviser to Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump was viewed with distrust by national party leaders , other Trump advisers and members of Mr. Trump family . Mr. Trump Trump campaign is said to favor hiring a new campaign manager to play Mr. Trump more conventional Mr. Trump focused on ensuring that basic functions Mr. Trump organization work together smoothly . There was no one lined up for the Mr. Trump at the time of Mr. Lewandowski ’s dismissal . Mr. Trump his campaign 