I know what you ’re thinking . So let ’s just get it out of the way : Like buttah . Like satin . Like whatever that perfume is that Elizabeth Taylor hawked . Oh , right : White Diamonds . Barbra Streisand sounded like White Diamonds . And porcelain and a freshly drawn bath and consommé . The Voice is 74 . So maybe the carats are fewer , but so what ? It The Voice The Voice . Thursday night at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , it The Voice asked to be received in pity , graded on a curve or helped across the street . There was some nervousness beforehand that it would be somehow    …      off . But no : On , on , on . For example , its owner continues to make the finale of " Do n’t Rain on My Parade " sound like a space shuttle leaving Earth , the gravitational force enough to yank what looked like a    crowd to its its . That came well into the second act during a " Funny Girl " " Funny Lady " stretch , in which Ms. Streisand walked us through the films’ plots , while movie clips played on screen behind her Ms. Streisand We us n’t need any of that , but it made a kind of sense . This was n’t a star doing battle with a former self . It was a woman having fun with the past . Backed by an elastic band and aided by teleprompters , she Ms. Streisand a lot of her Ms. Streisand than two hours onstage explaining the stories behind songs and performances and album covers . Her Ms. Streisand A Star Is Born " soundtrack   —    the    movie of 1976 , by the way   —    has that great image of a shirtless Kris Kristofferson palming the head of a shirtless Ms. Streisand , their mouths almost meeting , their their mutual . Staring up at that cover , she a shirtless Ms. Streisand , " If you ’re wondering what I was wearing during this shoot , it was musk . " For well north of two hours , Ms. a shirtless Ms. Streisand like that : amusing ,    at home . Before her encore a shirtless Ms. Streisand she chided a shirtless Ms. Streisand for keeping us from us dinner a shirtless Ms. Streisand " My pizza ’s getting cold ! " People would shout compliments or requests , and she ’d a shirtless Ms. Streisand back . Early on , after " Everything , " from " A Star Is Born , " she said a shirtless Ms. Streisand " There ’s just one more thing I want "   —    which turned into an endorsement for Hillary Clinton ’s presidential candidacy . Before doing " Pure Imagination , " Gene Wilder ’s song from " Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , " she offered a shirtless Ms. Streisand entreaties that made you think she was a shirtless Ms. Streisand to do " Mercy Mercy Me " instead . When it was over , she said a shirtless Ms. Streisand " And that ’s why we should n’t vote for someone who believes climate change is a hoax , " referring , presumably , to Mrs. Clinton ’s opponent , Donald J. Trump . So the arena became Ms. Streisand ’s living room , her audience a shirtless Ms. Streisand guests , and stage patter sometimes took cozy TED Talk turns . Meanwhile , the people in the front rows leapt up so often it was fair to ask whether she was a shirtless Ms. Streisand a State of the Union speech too . Ms. Streisand sang about two dozen songs   —    the ones you ’d expect ( " People , " " Evergreen , " lots of Stephen Sondheim ) and a few , like " Pure Imagination , " which you would n’t . That one is on her new Ms. Streisand record , " Encore , " which comes out later this month and has her singing Ms. Streisand stars from Melissa McCarthy and Anne Hathaway to Antonio Banderas and Chris Pine . ( Her partner Ms. Streisand " Pure Imagination " is Seth MacFarlane . ) Ms. Streisand Ms. Streisand little highlight reel from those recording sessions and eventually unveiled the actor Patrick Wilson to accompany her on " Ms. Streisand You " from Mr. Sondheim ’s " Passion , " a number that required some acting from Mr. Wilson . the actor Patrick Wilson to play the actor Patrick Wilson an ambivalent lover and a man who made perfect sense belting opposite Ms. Streisand . Ms. Streisand . Whatever awe he had , he kept the actor Patrick Wilson away along the actor Patrick Wilson the tie he did n’t wear with the actor Patrick Wilson black suit . Jamie the actor Patrick Wilson arrived a few songs later , all awe . The crowd Whatever awe he had for him , and he went the actor Patrick Wilson for her the actor Patrick Wilson partly while cuckoo Quincy Jamie Foxx paying Ms. Streisand ’s derrière a hilarious compliment . They sang " Climb Ev’ry Mountain The crowd in a way that was more muscular than beautiful , their clasped hands making a better The crowd than their voices . The climb has The crowd sounded so literal . But when they got to the top , The crowd audience got up to cheer for them . So what was this The crowd ? I mean , besides a pleasure to behold . Officially , it ’s part of a    this show with a mouthful of a title , " Barbra : The Music   …      the Mem’ries   …      the Magic ! , " that salutes six decades of albums . ( " Encore " is her 35th studio record . ) So in many ways this is a celebration of endurance , as opposed to a night of camp or even campiness . You need an " I ’m Still Here " or " Have I Stayed Too Long at the Fair " for that , songs that would have been the equivalent of that thing Hulk Hogan would do where he ’d put his hand to Hulk Hogan ear so Hulk Hogan would cheer Hulk Hogan to amplify his triumph . Have I stayed Hulk Hogan long ? No , Barbra . Absolutely not ! She really is too dignified to Barbra . As it was , she included " No More Tears Barbra Enough Is Enough ) , " the torch song she sang with Donna Summer , Barbra    into a disco anthem . That came last in a medley that included " Stoney End " and " Woman in Love , " and Ms. Streisand mostly vamped while her three very good backup vocalists Barbra their thing at her side . her three very good backup vocalists Streisand has Barbra a career Ms. Streisand else ’s . She remains this emblem of volition and Ms. Streisand and power   —    the movie star who sings , the singer who acts , the female director who was made to suffer for daring to do what men had always done . She could have spent the night doing Ms. Streisand but    and no one would have minded . But it ’s funny : You do n’t go to a Streisand show purely for nostalgia , purely Ms. Streisand " The Way We Were , " as much as to witness a great performer in her current formidable state . Nostalgia has Ms. Streisand been built into her catalog . But can she make Ms. Streisand distant past vital again Ms. Streisand She tried to connect before to now Ms. Streisand Her antidote to Mr. Trump , for Ms. Streisand , was " People . " Which is to say that it ’s not an artistically ambitious show . Its star , alas , is set it her ways . But those ways are Ms. Streisand some people expect her ways . We are at a new place with superstardom and age , though . Certain women of the     era can now seemingly go on forever . Their fame , in part , resides with Certain women of the    era instrument that ’s been kept in astounding shape . Some of the nation is still recovering from Aretha Franklin ’s shedding a fur coat and bringing down the house in January at the Kennedy Center Honors . She and Ms. Streisand were born a month the Kennedy Center Honors , and this sort of sustained virtuosity feels special among singers of their stature . Neither is the master of She and Ms. Streisand she once was . But what they now the Kennedy Center Honors in contour ( Ms. Streisand She and Ms. Streisand even acquired a touch of Ms. Streisand ’s rasp ) they make up for in dynamism . These She and Ms. Streisand very different women are still giving She and Ms. Streisand And that ’s enough . We came to She and Ms. Streisand to hear amazement as opposed to see a spectacle . Although the sight of Ms. Streisand singing " Papa , Can You Hear Me " from " Yentl " while appearing to catch the holy spirit , before the end of the first act , was quite something . The power she summoned pimpled the skin and dampened the eyes . I do n’t this woman if Papa could hear this woman , but certainly heaven could . 
 Ms. Streisand singing "Papa 