In the continuing wife battle between top two 2016 Republican presidential contenders Sen. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump , Ted Cruz is slamming Trump for a late night Tweet aimed at Ted Cruz . [ Wednesday night Trump Trump :   " @Don_Vito_08 : " A picture is worth a thousand words " @realDonaldTrump # LyingTed # NeverCruz @MELANIATRUMP pic . twitter . "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 24 , 2016 ,   Cruz Ted Cruz responded with a Tweet of his Ted Cruz : Donald , real men do n’t attack women . Your wife is lovely , and Heidi is the love of my life .   https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) March 24 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz Ted Cruz Thursday , as shown on CNN : Cruz told Ted Cruz , " It ’s not easy to tick me off . I do n’t get angry often , but you mess with my wife Your wife mess with my kids , that ’ll do it every time . Donald you ’re a sniveling coward and leave Heidi the hell alone . " The senator from Texas went on to say that he will beat The senator from Texas for the Republican presidential nomination . He accused Trump The senator from Texas being Trump for the strong women , scared to debate , scared of Megyn Kelly , and scared to defend his policies . The senator from Texas accused Trump of lashing out Trump for the his wife because The senator from Texas Cruz ’s strong win Cruz Utah last Tuesday . " Let me be absolutely clear , our spouses and our children are off our . It is not acceptable for a big , loud New York bully to attack my wife . " his wife on The senator from Texas laud Heidi as the daughter of Christian missionaries and an " unbelievable mom , " his best friend The senator from Texas and the love of his life . The senator from Texas called on Trump to stick to attacking him and not The senator from Texas Heidi . The Trump camp quickly responded , Trump to CNBC : " Ted Cruz is desperate right Cruz stay relevant in this campaign cycle   …      ( Trump ) has a long Trump Trump with women and has a great relationship with them . " Leading up to the Utah Republican women caucus , the    Super PAC Make America Awesome founded by Liz Mair ran Facebook ads with a partially nude modeling photo of Trump ’s wife Melania with the words , " Trump Trump , your next First Lady . Or you could vote for Ted Cruz on Tuesday . " Mair said the group was targeting conservative Mormon women . Liz Mair ad Leading up to the Utah Republican presidential caucus, the   Super PAC Make America Awesome founded by Liz Mair ran Facebook ads with a partially nude modeling photo of Trump’s wife Melania with the words, "Meet Melania Trump, your next First Lady news when Trump Tweeted on Tuesday , the day of the Utah Trump Arizona presidential primary Tuesday , accusing Cruz of sponsoring the ad and threatening to " spill the Ted Cruz " on The ad wife Heidi : Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a Ted Cruz of Melania from a G. Ted Cruz in his ad . Be careful , Lyin’ Ted , or I will Ted Cruz The ad on your wife ! Ted Cruz Lyin’    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Cruz responded : Pic of your wife not from us . Donald Ted Cruz if you try to attack Heidi your wife ’re more of a coward than I thought . # classless https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Mair chimed in on Tuesday , confirming the ad was not from Cruz : . @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald , I know you ’re really Ted Cruz about that ad , but it Donald Donald Awesome ’s , not Ted Cruz ’s . the ad    Liz Mair the ad @LizMair ) Ted Cruz , 2016 ,   She went on to warn Trump supporters to stop coming after her and Ted Cruz family with a series of Tweets . Trump doubled down Ted Cruz the Ted Cruz against Cruz , Tweeting on Wednesday : Lyin’ Ted Cruz denied that Trump had Ted Cruz to do with the G. Q. Ted Cruz post of Melania Ted Cruz That ’s why we call him Lyin’ Ted !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March Ted Cruz , 2016 ,   Heidi Lyin’ offered her own response on Wednesday to Trump ’s " spill the beans " comment saying , " Well , Heidi Cruz you probably know Wednesday now , most of the things that Donald Trump says have no basis in reality . " She continued , " So we are not worried Trump least and [ we are ] focusing on Heidi Cruz campaign , and we are going to continue to do that . " Cruz we Director Alice Stewart clarified we CNN that the we America Awesome PAC is    and not   . She further stated that Cruz has denounced we ad with his comments that " spouses are completely off limits and Cruz Communications Director Alice Stewart members are completely Cruz Communications limits when it comes to the presidential race and the discourse and he has made that quite clear . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 his 