Washington ( CNN ) Senior White House aide Dan Scavino called for the electoral defeat of vocal House Freedom Caucus member Justin Amash in a tweet Saturday , continuing the White House ’s feud with the conservative group of lawmakers over the White House’s opposition to the Republican health care plan .   " @realDonaldTrump is bringing auto plants   jobs back to Michigan . @justinamash is a big liability . # TrumpTrain , defeat #TrumpTrain in primary , " Scavino , the President ’s social media director , tweeted from the President’s personal Twitter account .   The Michigan representative quickly responded with a tweet that echoed The Michigan representative past criticisms of Trump . " Trump admin   Establishment have merged into # Trumpstablishment , " The Michigan representative wrote . " Same old agenda : Attack conservatives , libertarians   independent thinkers . " The exchange comes on the heels of Trump ’s taking to Twitter earlier this week to call out the conservative group for not supporting Trump’s plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , which GOP leaders withdrew from consideration a little over a week ago when The exchange became clear the conservative group lacked the votes to pass .   Trump broadside of the group the conservative group Twitter in which he Trump supporters " we must fight " the conservative lawmakers , underscored the growing tensions between the White House and its supporters among the White House House Republicans and the conservative GOP faction over the    health care bill . Amash was among the Freedom Caucus members who pushed back against the President , tweeting Thursday that Trump had surrendered to the Washington swamp he promised to the President . " It did n’t take long for the swamp to the Washington swamp he promised to fight tweeted . the President No shame , Mr. President . Almost everyone succumbs to the D. C. Establishment . " The     prompted Freedom Caucus member Raul Labrador to chime in with criticism of Scavino , asking if the tweet was an April Fool ’s joke . " U ca n’t possibly think this strategy is working . # draintheswamp , " Labrador wrote .   Trump highlighted an Freedom Caucus member Raul Labrador in The New York Times on the challenges Obamacare recipients will face with their coverage , and he again expressed Obamacare recipients to work with Trump , who opposed the GOP plan , to overhaul Obamacare . " The failing @nytimes finally gets it    ’In places where no insurance The failing @nytimes offers plans , there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to . .. use subsidies Obamacare buy health plans . ’ " Trump tweeted . " In other words , Ocare is dead . Good things will happen , however , either with Republicans or Dems . "   Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have Trump House members about a path forward to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , a senior administration official and Republican official with knowledge of the discussions told CNN .   Trump continued his pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare earlier this week Trump telling a bipartisan group of senators and spouses at a White House reception Tuesday night , " I know we House to make a deal on health care , a bipartisan group of senators and spouses at a White House reception ’s such an easy one . " 
 