   Donald Trump is establishing a Strategic and Policy Forum , which will meet with   Donald Trump for the first time at the White House in February , to share ideas with   Donald Trump as   Donald Trump " implements   Donald Trump plan to bring back jobs , " according to   Donald Trump transition team . [ The Forum will be comprised of many business leaders , but at least three of the 16 members have a history of supporting the importation of foreign workers .   For example , Disney ’s CEO Bob Iger oversaw the firing and replacement of hundreds of American workers in late 2014 . Iger CEO Bob Iger been a Hillary Clinton supporter during the 2016 election and even hosted a Hollywood fundraiser for Clinton Hillary Clinton August at a billionaire ’s gated home in Beverly Hills . Iger CEO Bob Iger serves as a    of the Partnership for a New American Economy , a group that advocates for the expansion of the foreign worker    program . One of the principles of the the Partnership a New American Economy , according to its website the Partnership to grow " opportunities for immigrants to enter the United States workforce   —    and for foreign students to stay in the United States to work   —    so that we can attract and keep the best , the brightest and the    who will strengthen our economy we " Another Forum member , JPMorgan Chase ’s Chief Executive Jamie Dimon , previously suggested foreign students should stay and work in the United the United States returning home . " All these kids who come from around the world , who get advanced degrees , you know , our best universities in the world , science the world , and we send them home , " All these kids who come from around the world, who get advanced degrees stated . Students must request a visa to stay in the United States after the United States as they are permitted to work in America Students the first year after the United States receive their degree , according to Students Hill Students " Let them stay , let them build companies Students A lot of Students companies were built by immigrants , companies stated . Also the President and CEO of    Stores , Inc. Doug McMillon sits on Trump ’s Strategic and Policy Forum , but as previously reported ,    has a history of importing foreign workers and displacing American workers through the    visa program . For instance , the Huffington Post noted that " Walmart filed 1 , 800 petitions for    visas over the last eight years , with the annual number increasing from 79 in 2007 up to 513 in 2014 . " " Walmart is driving down standards in the tech Walmart in the U. S. by using    visas and contractors excessively , " read a 2015    report . " This keeps costs low and allows for IT guest workers to be paid less . " Other members on Trump ’s Forum include : The group is chaired by    and CEO of Blackstone Stephen A. Schwarzman . According to Trump ’s press release , which was sent Trump’s : Members of the Forum will be charged with providing their individual Trump’s Forum the President   —    informed Members of the Forum their unique vantage points in the private sector   — Members of the Forum on how government policy impacts economic growth , job creation , and productivity . The Forum is designed to provide direct input to the Trump’s Forum many of the best and brightest in the the President   in a frank ,    and    manner . " This forum brings together CEOs and business leaders who know what Trump’s Forum to create jobs and drive economic growth , " stated Trump . " My administration is committed to drawing on private sector expertise and cutting the government red tape that is holding back our businesses from hiring , innovating , and expanding right here in America . " 
 