  ( CNN ) Protesters backing action on climate change are braving the sweltering heat Saturday in the nation ’s capital as part of the People ’s Climate March . the People’s Climate March began at 12:30 p. m. near the Capitol , and demonstrators planned to move to the White House and end up at the Washington Monument , according to the proposed route map . Michele Holmes is one of those activists . She joined about 200 others who climbed into four Holmes traveling to Washington early Saturday to join in the the People’s Climate March " Trump is undoing everything Obama did . He does n’t realize climate change impacts everyone . It Trump him , " Holmes told CNN . " Change is Trump , and only we can solve it     the impact is just changing the way we It . " Temperatures neared 90 degrees Saturday , well above the average high of 71 degrees for April 29 , according to Weather . com . Washington ’s Fire and Emergency Medical Services said it had received 50 calls as of 4:41 p. m. Washington’s Fire and Emergency Medical Services for medical incidents related to the climate march . Four people were taken to hospitals . Hundreds of sister marches were also planned across the United States and around the world . Protesters marched through the snow in Denver . Demonstrations were held in Boston , New York , Seattle , Chicago , Amsterdam and London . Coinciding with Donald Trump ’s 100th day in office , the protests are taking on the President ’s environmental policies , which have generally prioritized economic growth over environmental concerns .   During those first 100 days , the Environmental Protection Agency has moved swiftly to roll back    regulations on fossil fuels while also facing significant planned budget cuts .   Friday , the EPA removed most climate change information from its website the Environmental Protection Agency the Environmental Protection Agency a statement that the language was the Environmental Protection Agency to " reflect the approach of new leadership . " The protest continues the trend of heightened liberal activism since Trump ’s election , best seen in the Women ’s March in January and the protests at airports to combat the administration ’s travel ban . " We ’ve already seen just how effective people power is against this administration : Trumpcare ? Withdrawn . Muslim ban ? Blocked the administration’s the protest group ’s website says .   " Now Trump ’s entire fossil fuel agenda is next , and we Trump’s that the path forward is based in the voice of the people     which is expressed first and foremost through mass protests and mass marches . " ’Climate change is real’ On Facebook , about 12 , 000 people RSVP’d they would attend the event in Washington . Celebrities such as Leonardo about 12, 000 people RSVP’d joined in the protest as well . DiCaprio marched alongside an indigenous rights group , carrying a sign saying Leonardo DiCaprio " Climate change is real . " The protest was full of references to Trump and his frequent trips the protest Florida resort     including a    figure teeing Trump on the Earth Trump Joining the march in Washington ,     Olivia Springberg tried to make the issue of climate change personal to Trump . She held a sign that warned how rising sea levels could Trump    Olivia Springberg Playful tweaks on Trump slogans     " Make America cool again , " for example     Trump prominent , as well as signs showing climate change ’s impact on animal species . Nando Rodriguez brought his niece , Eva Luna , from New York to Washington for the Nando Rodriguez as a learning experience , he said . " The environment is probably the one issue where race Nando Rodriguez culture , gender ( and ) age do n’t matter , " Rodriguez said . " Nothing is in separation except the planet or destroying Nando Rodriguez . " The People ’s Climate March even got a shoutout from Hillary Clinton , who wrote on Twitter that it was " great to see ( people ) take to the streets . " The protest comes a week after the March for Science , in which demonstrators gathered in the capital to protest proposed cuts to scientific studies and to promote facts and research . Signs and speakers at that event similarly criticized climate change skepticism in the Trump administration . 
 