’’ ’In a Fox News interview Wednesday night , Donald Trump escalated Donald Trump rhetoric on former President Bill Clinton , raising    allegations from Donald Trump history with various women.’ " Fox News anchor Sean Hannity asked Trump Donald Trump a recent New York Times exposé that   the    mogul ’s alleged treatment of women in the workplace . " ’Hannity appeared to counter the Times report by highlighting women who have , at various times , accused Bill Clinton of misconduct.’ ’"Are they going to interview Juanita Broaddrick ? . .. Paula Jones ? . .. Kathleen Willey ? " Hannity asked.’ ’The host suggested that those women accused the former president of a range of offenses , including " exposure , " and " groping and fondling . " ’ ’"And rape , " Trump added.’ ’"And Trump , " Hannity repeated.’ " Trump has mentioned Bill Clinton ’s history with the three women before . " ’Broaddrick alleged in 1999 that Clinton had sexually Bill Clinton’s and raped her more than Bill Clinton’s decades before . She   those Bill Clinton’s earlier this year . Clinton , through Bill Clinton’s lawyer , has long ago denied her claims.’ ’Trump Bill Clinton’s Wednesday said those cases were about " big settlements , massive settlements . " ’ ’The presumptive Republican presidential nominee has often framed his attacks against presumptive Republican presidential nominee presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton around Bill Clinton’s improprieties of her husband . One Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton Instagram post earlier this year invoked Bill Cosby and Monica Lewinsky , and ended with a Daily News cover of Bill Clinton under the Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton " Liar , Liar . " ’ " Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton it would not engage in Trump ’s personal attacks . The campaign did not immediately respond to "’ "Hillary Clinton’s campaign for comment Wednesday . " ’For his part , Bill Clinton also   Tuesday when asked Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton ’s assertion , in a tweet , that he was the " worst abuser " of women his US political history.’ ’"I think people are smart enough to figure this out without my help , " Bill Clinton said.’ ’In a Fox News interview Wednesday night , Donald . .. ’ 
 