  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has announced that President Donald Trump will not attend this year ’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner , a move that comes amid increasingly hostile relations between the media and the White House . " I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year . Please wish everyone well and have a great evening ! " President Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday . The    dinner , which raises money for journalism scholarships , takes place every spring and is usually attended by the president , journalists , celebrities and Washington insiders . The last president to miss the dinner was Ronald Reagan , who sat out because he The last president to miss the dinner he The last president to miss the dinner from an assassination attempt in 1981 , although he The last president to miss the dinner delivered remarks by phone . Several news organizations had already withdrawn from the April 29 event in protest of Trump ’s treatment of the media . Vanity Fair and Bloomberg , which usually    an exclusive ,      have canceled that gala , while The New Yorker similarly canceled its The New Yorker April 28 . Most other news organizations , including CNN , have yet to announce their Most other news organizations, including CNN plans for the weekend . But some are said to be rethinking their some in the wake of the White House ’s decision to block CNN CNN The New York Times and other outlets from an    White the White House’s briefing on Friday .   White House Correspondents Association President Jeff Mason told CNN CNN Brianna Keilar on Saturday that Trump ’s decision is not surprising given the negative things the President has said about the media , such as suggesting they are " the enemy of the American people . " " That of course is something that the correspondents’ association and journalists reject , " Mason said . " The media the media incredibly important part of a vibrant republic , and we celebrate that at that dinner . " It ’s up to him to the President whether or not he wants the President come , " he said the President " But the correspondents’ association and the members who work in this room every day will continue to do our job and we the news and tell the truth about this administration , as we have done we every administration before . " 
 