  ( CNN ) The top Republicans investigating Russia ’s interference in the US election declined Tuesday to back up President Donald Trump ’s claims that    Barack Obama wiretapped President Donald Trump Manhattan headquarters last year     leaving the White House on the White House own to explain the stunning allegation . When pressed on whether President Donald Trump believed President Donald Trump allegations , House the White House Devin Nunes     one of Trump President Donald Trump strongest supporters in the House the White House member of his President Donald Trump team     brushed aside the President ’s Trump’s allegations lot of the things he President Donald Trump , you guys take literally , " Nunes told reporters Tuesday . Nunes later hedged his comments and Nunes that former Nunes Security Adviser Michael Flynn may have been wiretapped and that Trump had raised " valid questions " about how his aides were listened in on Nunes Across the Capitol , Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr , who is leading a concurrent investigation into Russia ’s interference , said he had not seen any evidence Nunes Trump ’s claims . How Congress Trump Trump ’s request to investigate the Obama Trump " We ’re going to go anywhere there is Congress or facts that send us , " Burr told CNN . " Congress I ’m not going to limit it one way or the other . But we do n’t have anything today that would send us in that direction , but that ’s we to say that we might not find something . " When we by CNN if he believed Trump ’s allegations , CNN second ranking Republican in the Senate , John Cornyn , responded : " I do n’t know what the basis of his statement is . " Press Secretary Sean he was asked repeatedly about Trump ’s allegation during the White House briefing Trump’s " Nothing has changed , " Spicer told CNN ’s Jim Acosta when asked whether Press Secretary Sean Spicer was new evidence to support the claims . " It ’s not a question of new proof or less proof or whatever , the answer is the same , which is that . .. there was a concern about what happened in the 2016 election . The House and Senate Intelligence Committee have the staff and the capabilities and the processes in place to look at this in a way that ’s objective and that ’s where it should be done . " Rep. Adam Schiff this the ranking Democrat on the Schiff Trump ’s claims . " The President has asked our committee to investigate Schiff , " Schiff told reporters Tuesday evening . " Mr. President , we accept . the House’s committee added later , " It is also a scandal if those allegations prove The President false " our ’s Schiff wiretap claim , Trump ’s own selection for deputy attorney general , who would oversee an investigation into Trump’s connections to Trump ’s presidential Trump’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recusal , sidestepped the issue during his confirmation hearing Tuesday morning . " If Trump’s is exercising his First Amendment rights , that ’s not Schiff issue , " Rosenstein , a veteran federal prosecutor with bipartisan backing , said when asked the President Trump ’s claims by Republican Sen. Lindsey the issue Throughout the Capitol it has been almost impossible to find any lawmakers who either take Trump’s literally or seriously about his blockbuster claim , laid out in an early morning tweet last Saturday . Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat the President Senate Intelligence Committee , laughed the President a few seconds when asked by a CNN reporter if the committee would expand its investigation to check out Trump ’s allegations . " We ’ll follow the facts wherever they may lead , but he ’s not the Senate Intelligence Committee any evidence , the Senate Intelligence Committee Warner said . And top Republicans , already hard at work trying to corral votes for the Obamacare replacement the President dismissed with questions about We ’s tweet Tuesday . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said " No I have not , " when asked if he has seen any evidence of wiretapping . Trump’s James Comey was ’incredulous’ over Trump ’s tweets , The President ’s allegations add the latest wrinkle to a story Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has consumed Washington and the new administration with a seemingly endless stream of revelations Trump’s Trump campaign ’s interactions with Russian officials . Sessions said last Thursday he would recuse himself from any investigation out of the Justice Department a little less than 24 hours after it was reported he met twice with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The President’s White House The President’s quickly alerted reporters to other meetings top advisers had with Kislyak before that information could any investigation out of the Justice Department leaked out The President’s The House Intelligence Russian , meanwhile , has set an aggressive schedule for investigating claims that Russia engaged in widespread interference in Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak US elections     requesting the delivery of intelligence documents by March 17 and scheduling its first public hearing in the investigation for March 20 . 
 The House Intelligence Committee 