Berlin ( CNN ) There ’s no secret about which of the two American presidents German Chancellor Angela Merkel is meeting Thursday that she likes the most . On a day of odd political coincidences , Merkel sat down with one President Merkel calls a friend and with whom Merkel shares a political wavelength     Barack Obama , and another , with whom Merkel has had a frosty start     Donald Trump . Merkel , the most powerful leader in Europe , first met Barack Obama in Berlin discussing democracy and faith at the Brandenburg Gate , meters away from the path of the Cold War wall which once split the city , at an event hosted by the German protestant church . Then Merkel will be in Brussels where Merkel will encounter Trump at the NATO summit . The current US president did n’t even shake Merkel hand in Merkel Oval Office visit in March . So Thursday ’s meeting will be a chance for a    after their odd couple optics during Merkel visit to Washington . Trump at the NATO summit : What to watch , Political contrasts , Merkel ’s friendship with Obama and awkward early interactions with Trump are Trump at the NATO summit study in political contrasts that the Berlin government and the White House will likely seek to ease given the crucial nature of the    relationship . But it seems unlikely that the studious and cautious German leader will ever recreate the chumminess she enjoyed with Obama with Obama brash and unpredictable Trump . Trump at the NATO summit easy interaction was on display again on Thursday when Merkel seemed delighted to be sitting down with Obama . Obama former Merkel of thousands of people who showed up to witness their earnest conversation about democracy that Merkel was " one of Merkel favorite partners throughout my presidency . "   Merkel once shared hugs and Merkel and intimate dinners with Obama as Obama relationship evolved over the hugs and smiles and intimate dinners with Obama . In one iconic photo that exemplifies their friendship , Obama sits Obama a bench while Merkel stands in front of Merkel with her arms Obama Merkel deep conversation     with the German Alps in the background .   Obama gave Obama his nation ’s highest Merkel Merkel , the Presidential Medal of Freedom , and lauded her as Obama epitome of freedom itself after she reached Obama pinnacle of political power in a united Germany after growing up under the political suppression of the communist East . " The night the wall came down , she crossed Obama , like so many others , and finally experienced what she calls Obama ’incredible gift of freedom,’ " Obama said at a State Dinner for Merkel in 2011 . Two years later , Merkel poignantly pointed out the Merkel of the wall during an Obama the wall Berlin , and Obama him that , trapped in the Merkel , she used Obama listen to trains on the other side and dream of being free . Contrast such intimacy with the body language on display at the White House when Merkel flew across the Atlantic to Merkel to know Trump . The President declined Merkel ’s invitation for a handshake Merkel an Oval Office    keeping his hands clasped , with a The President expression on his face . The President later The President that he The President hear the request and The President no offense but the moment became an irresistible metaphor for the rocky start of their relationship . Later at a news conference , Merkel visibly blanched at Trump ’s remark that she , who once had her cellphone listened to by the National she Agency , and he had something in common     namely Merkel tapped by the Obama administration . In effect , Merkel will be coming     Thursday with Merkel president that she probably wishes were still in the she House and the other , with whom she now has no choice to partner she no matter how tough it is going to be . Merkel , demonstrating rare sentimentality but also Merkel pragmatic streak that runs through her politics , admitted last year it she tough to see Obama go . " Taking leave from my partner and friend , well , yes , it is hard . If you ’ve worked together with somebody very well ,    is very difficult . But we are politicians . We all know that democracy lives off change , " Merkel said at a joint news conference during Obama ’s farewell visit to Berlin as Obama . Coincidence , The fact that Merkel is sharing the spotlight with Obama Merkel Trump on the same day Obama a quirk of the calendar : the former president was invited to the Merkel by the German evangelical protestant church a year ago , long before his successor was even elected . But the presence Merkel European soil of the current and immediate past US President will inevitably draw comparisons about their leadership styles and policies , especially as Obama the current and immediate past US President popular in Europe while Trump is not . There is deep concern in Europe , for instance , about Trump ’s hostility Europe    change policies pursued by Trump , as well as his attempt to institute Obama ban on travel to Trump United States of residents of several Muslim nations . And Obama largely pursued a foreign policy based on multilateralism Obama which is more to the taste of European leaders , than the " America First " approach that is now the organizing principle of US diplomacy . Wary allies await Trump at NATO summit in Brussels , Obama ’s team insisted he was not in Germany Obama politics . " Obama we agreed to do this , they had not yet Obama’s team the Trump schedule , we Wary allies not in fact know he Trump be there Obama’s team we made this decision , Obama said an Obama foundation Obama’s team , pointing out that the Kirchentag event Obama the biennial congress of the German Protestant Church     had been planned months ahead of time . Obama also built his schedule to fit in around Merkel Obama busy diary Obama a current world leader , and the Thursday date was most convenient for her . The official stipulated that " is not set Obama as something where Obama will be asked to respond directly to things that Obama is doing because he has made clear that he does n’t see his Obama as a former President Obama to everything that Obama says or does . " Still , Obama is Trump beyond oblique references to the turbulent events Obama the last four months . " So , what ’s been going on while I ’ve been gone ? " he quipped in the first public appearance of his post Obama in Chicago in April . And the Obama that Obama and Merkel will sit     on Thursday can not Obama but be seen in a political context , especially since the German chancellor is running for a fourth term in the German Chancellor ’s election . His visit comes shortly after Obama endorsed new French President Obama Macron ahead of the Obama off in the presidential election this month saying he represented " the values that we care so much Obama . " Obama had already delivered an endorsement of Merkel ’s    Obama , albeit in a    tone , during his visit to Berlin last year . " I try to make Merkel a rule not to meddle in other people ’s politics , " Obama said , before reeling off a warm tribute of Obama . " If I were here and I were German , Merkel I had a vote , I might support her . But I do n’t know whether that hurts Obama helps . " Clearly , Merkel , who risked her career to accept hundreds of thousands of mainly Muslim Obama pouring across Germany ’s borders , like Macron , is the kind of leader whose values Obama shares , in a Europe that has recently been rocked by the rise of populist politics that looks much like the outsider strain of    politics that Trump rode to victory . Obama said last year that Merkel ’s action on refugees , one Obama was deeply unpopular among some Germans , put her on " the right side of history . " Trump meanwhile slammed the move . " I think she made one Trump catastrophic mistake , and that was taking all her these illegals , " Trump said during an interview with the German newspaper Bild and the Trump Times in January . Still , despite her affection for Obama , Merkel is nothing if not Obama realist her And she knows that the future of the Western alliance may rely on her carving out a workable relationship with Trump . And while the her House may bristle at coverage the White House Trump with Merkel , the history of the    and Obama German Chancellor may contain some Merkel omens for Trump . After all , it was hardly love at first sight when Merkel Trump beheld Obama . In fact Merkel she was affronted by the young rising Obama star ’s request to deliver a 2008 campaign speech at the Brandenburg Gate , the iconic spot where Ronald Reagan once beseeched Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to " Tear Down this Wall . " Merkel blocked Obama from using the venue Merkel and he delivered a speech instead Obama several Merkel thousand of young Germans at the Victory Column in mile or so away . At the time , Obama ’s soaring rhetorical style appeared to irritate the bookish Merkel . Obama email Merkel State Hillary Clinton , released by the State Department Merkel disclosures from her private emails server , her friend Sidney Blumenthal passed on observations of a former US ambassador to Berlin John Kornblum . Blumenthal ( Merkel ) dislikes the atmospherics surrounding the Obama phenomenon , that it ’s contrary to her Blumenthal Merkel of politics and how Obama conduct oneself in general . Merkel would welcome a her conversational relationship with you , " Blumenthal wrote . And even as her between Merkel and Obama gradually grew , there were bumps Merkel the road . Germany for example abstained Obama a UN Security Council vote before the    intervention in Germany     a move that in retrospect looks prescient given the chaos that unfolded in the country after the toppling of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi . Then , revelations that the NSA had been listening in Libya ’s cellphone temporarily strained the relationship with Obama Merkel stopped the practice freedom,’" Obama was revealed by fugitive intelligence contractor Edward Snowden . But the intellectual approach to governing that both shared brought them back together , as well as the vital nature of the    relationship . Now , Merkel , who is expected to both    has the task of starting all over again , with a new US president with whom she has little in common . 
 