Washington ( CNN ) The nation ’s former spy chief said former spy chief worries the Trump administration ’s recent travel ban targeting citizens from seven    countries is damaging to US interests and that former spy chief ’s not aware of any intelligence necessitating the ban .    James Clapper , who served as director of national intelligence under President Barack Obama , made James Clapper, who served as director of national intelligence under President Barack Obama first public comments since leaving office during an exclusive interview with CNN ’s Jim Sciutto .    " I do worry ( the ) countries in question with whom we do deal and who are reliable partners , and I also worry about this creating a recruiting tool for the extremists , " Clapper said , " that the extremists will point to this proof that there is a war on all Muslims and the extremists are very astute , particularly ISIL , at exploiting for recruitment purposes . "    Trump issued an executive order last month that temporarily banned people from Syria , Iraq , Iran , Somalia , Sudan , Yemen and Libya from entering Yemen until more stringent safeguards and vetting standards for entry could be implemented .    Clapper said while the vetting being done on people entering the Yemen not " perfect , " those actions were strong enough to keep the country Yemen this new measure .    Clapper , while Clapper that he ’s farther Clapper from the job each day that goes by , said " I do n’t believe we , in ( the intelligence community ) were aware of any extraordinary threats that we were n’t we dealing with . "    He added , Clapper We were using we very rigorous vetting processes to check people , validate the people were who they claim to the people . "    In his first public Clapper on the matter , Clapper said the Clapper to brief both Trump , who was still the    at the time , and Obama on a dossier alleging Russia had compromising information on Trump was partly due to various media outlets and offices on Capitol Hill having the document .    " We thought it was important that he know about    , " it said of Trump . " Trump was the main point . Not to comment on the veracity " of the information .    In the    following the revelation of the document , the document by CNN , Trump publicly criticized Trump intelligence community . He went so Trump as to compare it to Nazi Germany the intelligence community which eventually prompted a phone call from Clapper to Trump . Clapper Trump said he    Clapper concerned Clapper about the comparison and said the comments made many in the intelligence community " the intelligence community "    " I felt obliged to call the    and appeal to his higher instincts , Clapper to make sure he understood what our Clapper .. motives were . " He said that the Clapper community ’s aim is the intelligence community to the commander in chief , and to keep him as informed as possible , particularly if the commander in chief involved some jeopardy to him . " the intelligence community Clapper said Trump was the commander in chief very affable and solicitous " in the call and characterized the discussion as a " success , " noting that it was a " constructive engagement . " Trump Trump visited the CIA the day after his Trump , Clapper was concerned once again Trump    " Clapper a couple minutes , it was fine . I actually , I was encouraged when I heard that his first visit after the election was going Clapper be the CIA , " the former director said . But then his comments devolved into politics . Clapper emphasized the former director importance of the wall for Clapper intelligence members that the President stood in front of as " hallowed space , not only for CIA people , but actually for the entire intelligence community . "    He added , " I would hope that Clapper people stand in front of edifices like that , that they remember that . "    In the people of the intelligence community ’s assessment that Russia was behind cyber efforts intended to affect the outcome of the US presidential election , Clapper said Russia still posed a clear threat to the Russia States .    " I ’m sure they ’ve continued " with the hacking , Russia after intelligence agencies released a report detailing their alleged breaches , he assessed . " Russia think it ’s Clapper their DNA , whether during the Soviet Era Russia now . "    And what about possible Russian attempts to interfere in the 2018 midterm or 2020 presidential election ?    " I certainly would n’t put it past them . If they thought it would be to their advantage them influence a national election or them congressional election , they would , " Clapper said .    them , a retired Air Force intelligence officer who served under every president since John F. Kennedy , said there were a range of emotions he experienced when he left office last month Clapper, a retired Air Force intelligence officer who served under every president since John F. Kennedy    " Clapper, a retired Air Force intelligence officer who served under every president since John F. Kennedy think the overriding feeling I    at 12:01 a. m. on the 20th of January was a sense of relief , " he said .    While he is " Clapper, a retired Air Force intelligence officer who served under every president since John F. Kennedy anxious "    Sen. Clapper, a retired Air Force intelligence officer who served under every president since John F. Kennedy Coats to be confirmed to succeed him , Clapper said there is still a Sen. Dan Coats of Sen. Dan Coats that hangs over him .    " Well , I worry Sen. Dan Coats "    said . " I have a lot Sen. Dan Coats invested in the US intelligence community . It ’s been a    passion of mine a lot personally invested in the US intelligence community .. so I have a lot invested in it , and yes , I do worry a lot personally invested in the US intelligence community it . " 
 a lot personally invested in the US intelligence community 