  ( CNN ) Wednesday night ’s third and final presidential debate took place against an unprecedented backdrop of controversy over the Republican nominee ’s history of alleged sexual assault and harassment of women , the Republican nominee more recent unsubstantiated allegation of widespread voter fraud and the Republican nominee suggestion the election is being rigged in favor of the Republican nominee opponent .    The debate , moderated by Chris Wallace of Fox News , started with a substantive question about the Supreme Court , with Hillary Clinton suggesting as president Hillary Clinton would choose justices who protect marriage equality and the rights of the poor .   Trump attacked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg for criticizing Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg candidacy and presented the election as a referendum on the protection of the Second Amendment . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg promised to appoint " " Second Amendment justices , equating the wishes of the Founding Fathers with the ideological positions of    conservatives . Throughout the night Trump often presented Trump as a caricature of the right , vowing to appoint Supreme Court judges who would reverse Roe v. Wade and accusing Clinton of supporting ripping babies " out of the womb in the ninth month on the final day " in rhetoric designed to arouse    conservatives everywhere .    Trump have some bad Trump down on his absurd promise to build Trump wall to stem the tide of illegal immigration , noting that " we have some bad hombres " who need to be deported from America .   Clinton countered this rhetoric with a robust support for a woman ’s right to choose and for a pathway to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants residing in the country . " We America a nation of immigrants and a nation of law , and we can act accordingly , " Clinton said , promising to introduce Clinton immigration reform as president . She also reminded the audience of Clinton ’s blatant racism in characterizing    as rapists and drug dealers .   In a zesty discussion over immigration , the only time race was mentioned in this last debate , Clinton accused Trump of using undocumented Clinton to Trump Trump Tower and then threatening those he underpaid with deportation when they Clinton .   Perhaps the those he underpaid with deportation exchange of the evening came when Clinton accused Trump of being a Clinton puppet Trump leader Vladimir Putin . " You ’re the puppet ! " Trump shot back a potential puppet of Russian leader Vladimir Putin exchange never Trump witnessed in modern presidential debate history . As the night wore on Trump grew angrier , at one point Trump Clinton a " liar " on Clinton television .    Clinton shined during moments that allowed Clinton to articulate a detailed economic Clinton for America . Her laundry list of economic programs Clinton as free community college , a living wage for    workers , and higher taxes for wealthy individuals and corporations read like a progressive agenda echoing Lyndon Johnson ’s Great Society .    At one point , Trump asked Clinton " Why the hell " she did not negotiate great trade deals when Trump had the opportunity . The exchange illustrated Trump bizarre and truly embarrassing Trump American people have been subjected to during this historically mean presidential election season . Asked about his reported history of sexual harassment , Trump pivoted Trump accused the Clinton campaign of orchestrating Trump allegations as well as Clinton violence at his rallies . Beyond policy differences , this final Trump showcased Trump ’s extraordinary unfitness to be president . The Trump racial intolerance , sexism , bullying and schoolboy antics were on display for all to see . Perhaps Trump ’s most troubling aspect is how blithely unaware he Trump of his own shortcomings . That such a Trump could be Trump with the safety and security of the world is exceedingly dangerous .   Clinton ’s best moment came when she pointed this " pattern of divisiveness " as not Clinton the true identity of America or its citizens . Trump declined to say he would accept America results of the election should he Trump , accusing the entire process of being rigged Trump since " she should have never been allowed to run " due Clinton Clinton ’s presumed guilt for crimes against the American people .    The war talk coming from Trump amplifies the coalition of racial extremists , conspiracy theorists Trump disgruntled white Americans who form the core of his supporters and who have been directed to serve as Trump poll watchers in a naked effort to intimidate and suppress voter turnout on November 8 . With less than three weeks until the presidential election , the final debate made it plain that no matter what the outcome the wounds the final debate on our democracy during this campaign season will take a long time to heal . 
 