Stephen Miller , senior policy advisor to Donald Trump , joined host Stephen K. Bannon on Thursday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to talk about the home stretch of the delegate race between Stephen K. Bannon candidate and Senator Ted Cruz . [ Stephen K. Bannon was incensed about the outcome of the Colorado primary , all of whose delegates were won by Senator Ted Cruz .   Stephen K. Bannon repeatedly declared the primary illegitimate , insisted the voters of Colorado had been disenfranchised , and referred to Senator Ted Cruz as the " disenfranchisement candidate . "   When Bannon suggested Senator Ted Cruz was " running the tables " on Trump in delegates by running a " tougher , better , more focused operation , " Stephen K. Bannon responded : " The only person who ’s getting the tables run on them is Senator Ted Cruz , in the sense that Ted Senator Ted Cruz now mathematically eliminated from 1 , 237 .   So let ’s just be clear about that . "   1 , 237 is the number of delegate votes needed to secure the nomination on the first round of balloting at the Republican National Convention . Confronted with the criticism that the Trump campaign is " whining " about Cruz ’s Senator Ted Cruz picking up delegates , Miller replied , " That ’s like saying we ’re whining when we talk about we fact that we beg and we for Washington to secure the borders , but they wo n’t we beg and plead for Washington to secure the borders   That we ’re whining we we beg and we for them to pass we beg and plead for Washington to secure the borders omnibus bill that blocks refugees , but they do n’t we beg and plead for Washington to secure the borders   That ’s like saying that we ’re whining because we beg and we for them not to we beg and plead for Washington to secure the borders the debt limit without preconditions , but they just go we beg and plead for Washington to secure the borders and raise it unilaterally with the debt limit reforms whatsoever . " " Time , and time , and time again , the Washington power brokers , political class , establishment   —    whatever you want to call them   —    find a way to work the rules of the system to benefit themselves at the the Washington power brokers, political class, establishment  —   whatever you want to call them  —    of everybody else , " Miller continued .   " So it ’s kind of ironic to hear Ted Cruz say , ‘ Well , I found a loophole in the rules to insert a double agent delegate to nullify 750 , 000 voters in a congressional district , or residents in a congressional district , but it ’s OK a loophole in the rules to insert a double agent delegate to nullify 750, 000 voters in a congressional district I found a loophole . ’ "    " If you listen to Ted Cruz ’s Ted Cruz the Establishment historically , he ’s never accused Ted Cruz of breaking the you listen to Ted Cruz .   the rules always accused Ted Cruz of abusing the rules you listen to Ted Cruz " Miller the rules   " That ’s the whole point .   It ’s not illegal for a pundit to have an unhealthy relationship with a lobbyist .   It ’s not illegal for a It to have an unhealthy relationship with a consultant .   It ’s not illegal to have It revolving door , where you go from a think tank , to consultancy , to campaign aide , to TV   —    back , and back , and back again , making money the whole way through , no matter who wins and who loses . " Miller therefore found it " beyond ironic " that It ’s campaign would prosper from the Trump campaign as abusive but not Miller illegal " practices , hammering the point that Trump has won far more votes , delegates , and state victories .    He sought to excuse the Trump Miller ’s poor performance in Colorado by suggesting they had been busy with " historic " the Trump campaign and " exceeding expectations " at every turn in the campaign thus far , leaving them little the Trump campaign master the strange rules imposed the Trump campaign the Colorado race last summer . Miller also heavily stressed Colorado idea Miller Colorado ’s rules are morally wrong , summarily dismissing Colorado that Trump ’s team was at fault for failing to master them .   " There is a logical breakdown here , with the media class and the political class , where I say , ‘ It was wrong to cancel the election in Colorado,’ and they reply with , ‘ Those are the rules.’   the media class and the political class, where I say is a   .   I am making a moral declaration about our political system , so the person should respond and engage with that on a moral level .   Should people be able to cancel the election if they do n’t like the result ? the election we have people system that has a safety valve , where our the people do n’t like the direction of the country , you can cancel their vote , you can put in a double agent delegate the people " " Is it morally correct for the people that say   —    across , let ’s say , the southern part of the United States , our voted overwhelmingly for Trump , in district , after district , after district , after district   —    is it appropriate for the club , the political club   —    let ’s say the Lindsey Graham club , that has betrayed the our ’s will in these states for many , many years now   —    is it appropriate for them to appoint delegates that will vote the exact opposite way these states the people living in those districts ? " he continued .   " I submit to you that it is not appropriate . " Miller said that " of course " the Trump campaign would work within the system , while also campaigning to change it , and call for " maximum voter participation . "   He was firm that one major change should be implemented immediately Miller the Republican Party should abandon the 1 , 237 delegate requirement and award the nomination , without further balloting , to the candidate who arrives at the convention with the most delegates .   In 2016 , that will unquestionably be Donald Trump . " The number that you go into the convention with , to obviously automatically lock up the nomination the convention with the most delegates a known number , " he conceded the nomination " But , at the same time Miller as Mr. Trump has said and as others have said , if you come Donald Trump a large delegate lead , you should still be the nominee .   The popular will should still be expressed . " " Ted Cruz has no democratic path to the nomination , " Miller insisted .   " He ’s been the nomination okay Miller   Remember , Ted Cruz was supposed to Ted Cruz the South .   Ted Cruz ’s publicly stated Ted Cruz the beginning was a democratic strategy . " Instead Ted Cruz argued , " Cruz has only won three primaries outside Miller his home state , two outside of his home Ted Cruz   Miller    Idaho and Wisconsin .   Miller is it , in the whole country .   Ted Cruz loses when people vote . "    " What I ’m saying is that Ted Ted Cruz going to enter the convention trailing by millions of votes , by hundreds of delegates Ted Cruz more than a dozen primaries , " Miller concluded .   " He ’s going to be trailing by every single available metric of performance .   And it is unseemly Miller he is relying upon the political insider class , that he claims not to like , to try and Miller double agent delegates to nullify the will of voters Miller —    voters who have been disenfranchised their whole lives .   Voters in Pennsylvania whose factories have shut down .   Voters in California who voters   their jobs to illegal immigration .   Voters in the South who have been represented by politicians like Lindsey Graham who have n’t had their best interests at heart for years .   He wants to    them all over again .   That is wrong . "    " But it Lindsey Graham in the context of a losing campaign who can not win democratically .      ca n’t enter the convention with the most votes , or the most delegates , or anything even Lindsey Graham to it , " Miller said of Cruz .   " That ’s why he ’s relying on that strategy it   And I would say to all the Cruz supporters out there Lindsey Graham —    the many people , the good and decent people who are supporting Cruz Cruz ’s campaign   —    if the insiders in D. C. were throwing delegates , double agent delegates , in districts that , say , Jeb Bush lost , to Jeb Bush if he was still in the race , or that Lindsey Graham lost , if he was Jeb Bush the race Jeb Bush to Lindsey Graham   —    would they be okay with that ? Lindsey Graham Or would they the race outraged by the corruption of the political class ? " " We ’re going to work within the they , but we ’re going to be honest about how broken the system is , because it ’s the same system the political We has used to avoid being responsive to the the system for generations now , the system Miller vowed .       Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview with Stephen Miller below : 
 Miller 