  ( CNN ) Four weeks after the election , tensions between top operatives at the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton campaigns erupted during a Harvard Kennedy School Institute of Politics discussion that was intended to record history by drawing out the internal deliberations of both campaigns . Facing off at long tables on opposite sides of the room during a    panel , raw emotions on both sides exploded as operatives debated how Donald Trump had won the divisive campaign . There were periods of calm , substantive discussion about data , metrics and target states , but many moments where tempers flared , with acrimony mirroring the 2016 race . Advisers on both sides shouted over each other . Accusations of lying flew between them . Advisers on the opposing sides was lots of    on both sides both sides snapped at one another for interrupting , as an air of mutual contempt settled within the room . Trump Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway called members of Clinton ’s team " bitter . " " Hey guys , we won , " Conway said at Trump Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway point , challenging Clinton ’s team Clinton’s team results of the election . " " He was the Trump Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway candidate . That ’s why we won . " But the Clinton team did Clinton back Clinton’s team Strategist Joel Benenson charged that the Trump campaign was successful , in part , by sending a series of " dog whistles " and messages with racial overtones that appealed to white voters who believed the government favored minorities . Benenson pressed the Trump team to explain exactly Chief Strategist Joel Benenson their Clinton’s team Clinton’s team America back from . " Clinton’s team disputed the Trump team ’s argument that his economic message Chief Strategist Joel Benenson him Clinton’s team won a majority of voters Chief Strategist Joel Benenson were concerned about Chief Strategist Joel Benenson economy , he said , while Trump won more voters who believe minorities are favored in Chief Strategist Joel Benenson country . Clinton Trump Adviser Karen Finney added that Trump had tapped into America cultural anxiety Clinton change that we were not willing Trump do . " In a key moment that flipped the initial tone from fairly civil to acrimonious , Clinton advisers Jennifer Palmeiri and Finney charged the Trump campaign with providing a platform for Clinton supremacist views by hiring Clinton Senior Adviser Karen Finney Chief Executive Trump Bannon . The Trump team had elevated the      movement into the mainstream , they said , with Palmieri adding that Clinton ’s speech denouncing the extremist movement was The Trump team proudest moment of the campaign . Clinton " Are you going look me in the face and say I provided a platform for white supremacists ? " Kellyanne Conway asked incredulously . Both Palmieri and Finney nodded and said " yes . " " I would rather lose Palmieri win the way you did , " Palmieri said . " You guys are pathetic , " Trump adviser David Bossie replied Palmieri accusing them of a smear campaign against Bannon .   Bossie argued that Clinton lost not You guys of headwinds , but because of distrust due Trump adviser David Bossie a long series of "   wounds " dating back to the 1990s from the Whitewater scandal to the missing files at the Rose Law Firm . Bossie and Conway charged that the Clinton campaign was in denial about why their candidate Trump adviser David Bossie lost     in part a smear campaign against Bannon Clinton that she was a " bad Bossie and Conway . " Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald Bossie and Conway the Trump campaign had Clinton in the world of " dark arts Clinton " As an example a smear campaign against Bannon the final issue of the National Enquirer , essentially describing Clinton as a corrupt criminal who should Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald thrown in jail . " I do n’t think you guys Clinton yourself enough credit for the negative campaign you ran , " Grunwald said . " I think it was an incredibly effective negative campaign , and you guys do n’t Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald credit for it . " To the irritation of Trump officials , the Clinton you guys that the results have not given it a mandate to govern . At one point when Clinton pollster Tony Fabrizio was saying that the Clinton campaign Trump failed to understand the fact that 70 % of Trump believed the country was on the wrong track , her Campaign Manager Robby Mook interrupted : " We won the popular vote . " Over the course of the Clinton conference , the Clinton team attributed their the Clinton campaign election loss to a myriad of factors . They said they faced huge headwinds within Clinton electorate because the Clinton team the strong desire for change : " We underestimated the Clinton team force the Clinton team that wind of change , " Mook said . But they focused repeatedly on what the Clinton team viewed as the destructive impact of FBI Director James Comey ’s press conference and the Clinton team two letters about the the Clinton team into Clinton ’s emails on her private server . That hurt Clinton particularly among FBI Director James Comey’s women and younger voters in the final days , they Clinton . ’You guys took everything Clinton Trump said so literally’ Clinton advisers also blamed unfair media coverage     the Clinton team that it was a struggle every day to get Clinton ’s Clinton to break through in a media environment dominated by Trump . There was also fierce criticism of Clinton by the Trump campaign . One of the odder complaints came Donald Trump former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . " This is the Donald Trump with the media . You guys took everything Donald Trump Donald Trump so literally , " Lewandowski said . " The American people did n’t . They understood it . Donald Trump sometimes when you have a conversation former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski people , whether it ’s around the dinner table The American people at a bar The American people you ’re going to say things and sometimes you do n’t it all the facts to back it up . " Several Clinton advisers also argued that there was an unfair " double standard " for Clinton within the press that was driven partly by her gender . Mook noted that the press often focused on how she Clinton her message in a way that they would Clinton have been scrutinized in a male candidate . " She ’s Mook an Mook presence for a long time the press by breaking gender barriers , Palmieri said . When the Clinton Mook was asked whether they would have done anything differently , Palmieri said one mistake was Mook arguing for a fourth debate shortly before the election the Clinton team When Clinton was n’t on stage Mook Trump , it was difficult for her message to break through , she said     setting Clinton a dynamic of " Hillary versus Hillary . " " What Clinton us was ( the Trump Clinton ) coming after her or the press picking at us Hillary " Palmieri said . Clinton ’s advisers said they were harmed by Russians meddling Clinton the election and the " us , drip Clinton drip " of news about Hillary Clinton’s advisers ’s emails , followed by the hacking of John Podesta ’s emails that revealed internal campaign deliberations . They also acknowledged that they did not perform as well as they needed to among younger voters one key reason for that Clinton’s advisers they said , Clinton’s advisers Comey ’s interference in the election Clinton’s advisers " Undecided voters did n’t break our way , " Mook Clinton’s advisers of Election Night . " That Comey letter had a huge effect , " he said Clinton’s advisers calling it " probably a   . "    Both Mook Comey Benenson said while the race was incredibly Comey in the final That Comey letter , they were closely watching both Trump and Clinton defectors     voters who were considering third party candidates . In the final weeks Both Mook and Benenson Election Day , they were coming home     first to Trump and then to Clinton . But the first Comey letter 11 days before the Both Mook and Benenson stalled that movement back to Clinton Trump Benenson said . Clinton Those last 11 days we could n’t get them back , " he said .   Clinton about the heated     White House Deputy Press Secretary Benenson Schultz Friday said Both Mook and Benenson was " not Benenson " that the program was " particularly " feisty . " Schultz added that he was also the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz not sure that ’s a bad thing , " saying that it ’s important to the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz back at the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz decisions of a campaign . " It ’s ok to be candid and to he was also "not sure that’s a bad thing look back at the decisions you made , the decisions your opponent made he was also "not sure that’s a bad thing how that played out in the context of the race when the decisions of a campaign the heat of it , " Schultz said .   Schultz also downplayed stark campaign trail rhetoric between Obama and Trump . " I think that the President the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz speak out on the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz trail early and often about his profound differences with Trump Trump , " Schultz said . " But Mr. Trump won . He won the election on November 8th . the President Donald Trump made clear that the heated    White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz priority in light of Trump is to provide Trump the election transition of power . " 
 the election the President 