An October 5 Humane Society ad warns that a Donald Trump presidency would be bad for animals because Trump ’s sons hunt and Trump agricultural advisers allegedly support confining pigs to close quarters when raised for slaughter . [ An October 5 Humane Society ad opens with a photo of Trump Trump sons holding a big cat while a narrator says , " Trump Trump sons , they sons trophy hunters of elephants and rare species . Don Jr. is floated to be Interior Secretary . "   The camera then shows photos of Trump Trump agricultural advisers intermingled with photos of pigs in metal stalls , a dirty puppy , and a horse . The a narrator , " Trump Trump Trump’s support confining pigs , like this , allowing cruel puppy meals , even making horse slaughter legal . It ’s a this picture . A Trump Trump would be a threat to animals everywhere . " On September 19 Breitbart News reported a Trump Trump in which he Trump to protect hunting and fishing , along with the Second Amendment . The ad started a Trump ad in which he pledged to protect hunting and fishing, along with the Second Amendment Jr. urging hunters to be vocal and stand up for their traditions . He hunters , " Donald Jr. you do n’t start being vocal , if you do n’t show up and vote your conscience on these things , it ’s going to be gone . " Donald Jr. was followed Donald Jr. enforcement personnel , television personalities , farmers , and celebrities . It closed with Trump saying : I ’m so happy and thrilled to have the support of America ’s sportsmen and sportswomen . Hunting , fishing , and other outdoor activities are favorite pastimes across America , passed down from America to generation . Just incredible .    gun owners across this nation are at risk . Political correctness , Hillary Clinton , and Washington insiders are trying to take away our Second Amendment rights —   and they ’re really trying hard Hillary Clinton, and Washington insiders like never ever before . That ’s wrong , and it wo n’t happen when That ’m president . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins AWR Hawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins . 
 