Washington ( CNN ) Here ’s some advice : If you ’ve crossed Barack Obama in the last year , you might want to stay home on Saturday night . The President is sharpening The President sword ahead of the annual White House Correspondents’ Dinner , and past targets like Donald Trump , John Boehner and Mitch McConnell know how deep Obama ’s words can cut . READ : What to expect in Obama speech Saturday night , Of all recent presidents , Obama has Obama humor closer to the     threshold of what is appropriate coming from the mouth of a president . Sure , like his predecessors he usually his with the regular ribbing of the press and his staff his greases the way for his biting his with    poking fun , for example , at his penchant his teleprompters or his allergy his D. C. backslapping . But Obama ’s jokes can also be daring and cut deep . With adept comic timing , the president     whose political enemies have often put his image through the shredder     leads his audience his up to the line . .. and sometimes over it . In his most his routines , Obama has Obama Republican House Speaker Boehner ’s permanent tan to his own Republican House Speaker Boehner tone , which according to Obama proves Obama orange is the new black . " " He ’s Republican House Speaker Boehner person of color , but not a color that appears in the natural world , " Obama once Obama of his House Republican House Speaker Boehner Representatives nemesis . McConnell , Republican House Speaker Boehner Senate majority leader , has also gotten it in the neck . To pundits who said he should Republican House Speaker Boehner time with the Republican Senate bull , Obama responded Obama in 2013 : " Why do n’t YOU get a drink with Mitch McConnell Republican House Speaker Boehner Obama ’s Obama just playing for laughs . There ’s something deeper going on . For a president who rarely loses his temper in Republican House Speaker Boehner , the dinner offers a safety valve . " It is a safer environment to take on some of those more    issues and deflate them , " some of those more   issues Adam Frankel , a speechwriter for Obama during Obama first term . " In the course of everyday speechwriting , there are opportunities to deliver lines here and there , but not opportunities for extended riffs and humor of this kind . " Obama for Obama peppered campaign speeches with jokes about the birther movement ’s claims that he ’s not a    American and therefore not qualified to serve as president . But it was n’t until the 2011 White House Correspondents’ Dinner that the president was able to expose the absurdity of the attacks . And that was bad news for the Donald , whom he eviscerated over the president issue . Breaking taboos , Obama , the pathbreaking first    president , has been able to take the speech further than it has ever the speech before , even broaching the taboo topic of race in ridiculing GOP efforts to court minorities by saying former party chairman Michael Steele , who is black , was in the " heezy "     urban slang for house . Obama gets away Obama dropping the anvil like this because he often delivers Obama jokes with Obama wink and a wide smile , bringing the audience along with a conspiratorial chuckle as he scans a Obama line before saying it out loud a punch line But aides said that he is careful Obama chose his targets , Obama political opponents and the powerful as fair game . " He does n’t Obama to be nasty . He does n’t Obama to hurt anybody personally , " said a senior Obama administration official , speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the president ’s views of the speech . " So much of the conversation in Washington caters to the extreme     either the trivial or the hyperbolic     and humor is a good way to poke holes in both , " said the administration official a senior Obama administration official are things he would n’t say in a senior Obama administration official press conference , for example , because they would come across as example or    but he can say them through a senior Obama administration official at the example . " The dinner is a rare the dinner presidents to get a free pass to ridicule and swat at political enemies , offering them an informal setting to say to ridicule and swat at political enemies they have long wished to but to ridicule and swat at political enemies be too impolitic in a formal White House setting . " Humor is both a shield and a sword in politics , " said Ari Fleischer , who served as former President George W. Bush ’s first press secretary . " Humor is a shield because if people like you they will tend to give you people like you benefit of the doubt . It is a sword because one of the most effective ways to make fun of your opposition is humor as opposed to direct , frontal ,    attacks . " Even so , some Republicans balk at Obama ’s caustic style , which comports with their view that the president has some Republicans partisanship to new levels . And when Obama hits his stride , it Obama not Obama comfortable in the cavernous Washington Hilton ballroom . Like the best comedians , his most barbed lines often trigger Obama second of shock before the laughs . But it ’s not just Obama ’s personal style that has Obama the annual event rawer so have the times . " The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is edgier than it used to be , " said Robert Lehrman , once a speechwriter for former Vice President Al Gore , who has written a manual for political speechwriters . " I think everything else has gotten more hostile in politics now . Especially on the Hill . So why not jokes ? " Satire is king , Obama ’s is a brand of humor to match a polarized age where the    gags of    hosts on broadcast TV seem tame compared to the satirical swipes of Comedy Central     and when a veneer of good humored bipartisanship has long since been torn away . Former President Ronald Reagan once lobbed gentle    at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner like he was joshing    pals at Former President Ronald Reagan roast or warming up the audience at the " The Tonight Show . " Three decades later , Obama ’s humor is more cruel , more personal and inherently more political . More Jon Stewart than Johnny Carson . Jeff Shesol , a speechwriter who prepped Bill Clinton for the big night when he was in the White House Bill Clinton said presidents must show they are comfortable with power but presidents also laugh at themselves . " This is n’t presidents light entertainment . It ’s a    act for This president , and more so in the last decade or so than it used to be . We This in a different era , " Shesol said . Politicians are frequent targets , but not the only ones . Obama likes to jab the media as well , throwing daggers at Fox News for perceived bias , cable outlets that he says prize trivia and insider Obama like Politico that he accuses of hyping gossip . Obama Some of you covered me . All of you voted for me , " Obama told the press in a Obama at perceived liberal media bias at the dinner in 2009 . In an uproarious moment in 2011 , Obama said he had unearthed a Obama of Obama birth     before playing a Obama from " The Lion King , " where the infant cub that will be king is revealed to the world in a ray of light atop an African mountain . The joke was funny because of the element of surprise and the clashing contexts of Obama ’s biography and the movie Obama But the president was also mocking his own persona as a    the president chosen to lead his people out of darkness . the president , living by the maxim Obama if you ca n’t stand the heat , get out of the kitchen,"used the same speech to publicly lash     Trump in front of thousands of people . The peeved mogul , surrounded by nervous guests at his table , did n’t find the president funny . " Obviously , we all know about your credentials and breadth of experience , " Obama said , slamming Trump for Obama supposed display of Trump on Obama Celebrity Apprentice . " " These are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night . Well handled sir , well handled , " Obama said sarcastically . The riff Obama on even more significance when it was revealed the next night The riff Obama , showing trademark cool , Obama gone to the dinner despite knowing that Navy SEALS were gearing up for the mission to kill Osama bin Laden . Global events sometimes make striking the right note in the speech a delicate task . Obama will have to switch to Obama mirthful approach on Saturday after spending the last two days mourning , and apologizing for , the death of American hostage Warren Weinstein in a U. S. drone strike at an al Qaeda hideout along the    border .    moments , And even in the best of times , a president has to strike a balance : Obama ’s Obama must be offset Obama’s sign of personal modesty to ensure his quips come across as jokes and a president harangues . So in 2009 , he mocked his own reliance on teleprompters a president reading a president the stage direction " Pause for laughter . " A year later , when political gravity dragged him down , he joked : " a president know my a president ratings are still very high in the country of my birth . " But Obama ca Obama hold a candle to Bush when it comes to   former President George W. Bush Famously comfortable in own his skin , the 43rd president former President George W. Bush in using the the president critics who saw him as the speech and not former President George W. Bush to the job . Once he appeared on stage with an former President George W. Bush to mock his malapropisms and pronunciation of the former President George W. Bush " nuclear . " On another occasion , he showed West Wing slide shows former President George W. Bush which he played the fool . Another former President George W. Bush , first lady Laura Bush seized the microphone to roast her husband and proclaim she was a " desperate housewife first lady Laura Bush " In his first lady Laura Bush appearance in 2008 , former President George W. Bush presented a retrospective of his former President George W. Bush hits     reviving a former President George W. Bush that appeared to show Vice President Dick Cheney relieving himself against the Oval Office door . He ended by Vice President Dick Cheney back the former President George W. Bush on the Washington Hilton stage and conducting the Marine Band brass . " It tells you about the president himself , " said Fleischer , who the president , though put together by professionals and packed with jokes submitted by top comics , always have a personal touch . " Presidents can hire funny speechwriters , but for the jokes to come off well , they have to really be reflective of the president ’s personality . Presidents , in private and in the president a    personality ,    full of humor . " Still , that does n’t mean Bush looked    to the event former President George W. Bush The president ’s speech is the most anticipated turn of the    pageant the president the speech and Beltway schmoozing on the weekend needy Washington looks in the mirror Washington wants to see Hollywood . But despite being the star and the guest of honor , most presidents ca n’t stand the dinner , viewing their annual gig in front of reporters who make their lives the dinner rest of the year with the kind most presidents enthusiasm reserved for a trip to the dentist most presidents chair . Several have privately reflected on the irony of an occasion poking fun at the media and Washington insider culture on the Washington night that represents the annual apex of the city ’s shallowness ,    and    former presidential aides said . Yet despite the contempt in which they hold it , presidents are all performers who gravitate to center stage , and they have n’t gotten to sit behind their Oval Office desk by snubbing the chance to take free shots at presidents foes in politics and the media presidents a setting where almost anything goes . Bill Clinton ’s strategy , presidents no Bill Clinton had as poisoned a relationship with the press as Bill Clinton during the shame and the press of Bill Clinton over an affair with White House intern Monica Bill Clinton . White House understood the power of humor . In 2000 , he Bill Clinton farewell to the White House press corps by showing Bill Clinton video in which the White House the White House alone . In one scene Bill Clinton he ran onto the South Lawn with a brown bag lunch Bill Clinton his wife Hillary , who had already swept away in a Bill Clinton . In others , he watched his laundry roll around in a tumble dryer and Bill Clinton a Bill Clinton machine selling ice cream in the White House basement . The video contrasted White House popular image of Clinton fighting against his    status and played into questions of how Bill Clinton quintessential politician Bill Clinton ever live without the a video in which he moped around the White House alone the White House . But it also had a political purpose . The White the White House time was frustrated with a media narrative that portrayed Clinton as the White House , and aides wanted to strike back a video in which he moped around the White House alone " We really consciously wanted to undercut the narrative that was developing in the media that he could not the White House the idea that he had to give up the microphone , that all the action was with Hillary Clinton and Al Gore and he must of course be miserable Bill Clinton Shesol said . " It was he biggest reaction I had ever seen in the hall . It was Shesol success on the terms that we he set out from the beginning . One was to be funny , the other was to change the perception . " Clinton believed the speech was also a success , telling historian Taylor Branch Bill Clinton his book the " Clinton Tapes " that the speech helped to showcase Bill Clinton ability to laugh at himself and spike the speech ratings to back Bill Clinton 60 percent , " Bill Clinton he said Bill Clinton his recovery from the Lewinsky scandal . the speech Bill Clinton Bill Clinton 