’   ’ ’    Billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros on Thursday    reiterated ’  ’ ’   Billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros on Thursday    belief that    Donald Trump is " an    imposter and con man and a    dictator . " ’ ’    Soros , 86 , said at the   Switzerland , that he is    convinced the    will fail . ’ ’    " he stands for that other form of government , which is the    opposite of an open society , " said Soros , who is a Holocaust    survivor and Hungarian immigrant . " It’ ’s really better described    as a dictatorship or a mafia state . " ’ ’    Soros said Trump " would be a dictator if Trump " could get away with    it , " but that US institutions are strong enough to prevent that    scenario . Soros also said the ideas that guide Trump are " inherently     " and that those contradictions are " embodied    by Soros advisers . " ’ ’    Uncertainty , Soros said , is " at a peak " right now . ’ ’’ ’    " It’ ’s impossible to predict exactly how Trump is going to act    because Trump hasn’’t actually thought Trump through , " Soros said . " Trump    didn’’t expect to win . . .. Trump was engaged in building Trump brand . " ’ ’    Asked how the business community should deal with Trump going    forward , Soros said , " I will keep as far away from the business community as I can . " ’ ’    On the topic of international relations and global trade , Soros said China would be " greatly helped " by Trump . ’ ’    " I think Trump will do more to make China China as a leading    member of the international community than the Chinese could do    by themselves the Chinese " Trump said . ’ ’    This isn’’t the first time Soros Soros spoken out against Trump . He isn’’t the    in similar terms . He Soros Trump’ ’s proposed Cabinet " comprises    incompetent extremists and retired generals " and that the US    would " be unable to protect and promote democracy in the rest of    the world . " ’ "    The billionaire investor supported Hillary Clinton during her    Hillary Clinton campaign and donated millions to a    PAC .    He also    to Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton 2008 . " "    Soros   after Trump ’s political victory ,    according to The Wall Street Journal , having made bearish bets    that later came back to bite him . Still Soros   his fund gained Soros   % over    2016 , according to The Journal . The Wall Street Journal 