    ( CNN ) When Rex Tillerson was sworn in as US Secretary of State , Rex Tillerson boss said his boss would bring a "   focus to foreign affairs . "   Rex Tillerson ’ll need it on Rex Tillerson first trip to Asia     Rex Tillerson landed in Japan late Wednesday local time     as tensions flare in the volatile region .   North Korea ’s missile program is getting quicker and smarter , threatening the United States and the United States two key East Asian allies     Japan and South Korea . The latter is reeling after the ouster of The latter president .   Tillerson will need to convince both that The latter ’s in both best interests to remain committed to the United States , and its controversial The latter defense system .   However , his diplomatic Tillerson will get their biggest his diplomatic skills on the last leg of his trip Tillerson he becomes Tillerson first Trump Cabinet member to visit China and seeks to tap the country China leverage over the North Korean regime .   Here , CNN ’s Asia correspondents detail the challenges Tillerson faces on each stop :   South Korea |   China | Japan China Tokyo ( CNN )     Tillerson ’s most pressing issue in Japan     like Japan region as a whole      is the growing nuclear threat from North Korea . The country ’s North Korea Kim Jong Un    a ballistic missile during Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s visit with US President Donald Trump in Florida , the timing of which led some analysts to believe it was a message for Tokyo .   And last week , when Kim launched four ballistic missiles simultaneously , North Korean state media implied the launch was practice for striking US military bases in Japan , where around 52 , 000 US service members are based . Tillerson will meet with Abe and his counterpart Foreign Minister Abe Kishida , with Japan seeking reassurance from Japan United States that it remains Washington ’s closest and most trusted ally in the   . Though Trump frayed nerves on the campaign trail by calling into question US alliances in the region , the new administration has mostly dialed back that rhetoric . Tensions between Japan and the US’ other big ally in the region , South the region could provide a challenge for Tillerson as he seeks to rein in Tillerson Korea .   The Japanese ambassador was recalled from Seoul in January over a controversial statue depicting the " comfort women " who were forced into sexual servitude by Japanese forces before and during Japanese War II .   With deft ,    diplomacy , Tillerson has to find a Tillerson to encourage Japan and South Korea to resolve their issues so all three Japan and South Korea can focus on the growing threat Pyongyang poses to regional and global security . From CNN ’s Will Ripley , Seoul ( CNN )     The main CNN for South Korean officials when Tillerson arrives is to convince Tillerson it ’s business as usual , when it ’s anything but . it    has just been ousted from office , the country is bitterly divided South Korean government has been effectively paralyzed South Korean corruption scandal broke months ago . But those holding the fort will work hard to get the assurances they want from the top US diplomat those holding the fort    Tillerson will meet acting President Tillerson    for the first time and Foreign Minister Yun    whom he met in February at the G20 acting President Hwang    ministers’ meeting in Bonn , Germany . When US Defense Secretary James Mattis visited last month , he said what South Koreans wanted to US Defense Secretary James Mattis      that Washington promised an " overwhelming " response to any attack mounted by North Korea . Officials will be looking for statements along the same lines from Tillerson . Tillerson also arrives at a time when Tillerson claims Beijing is punishing it economically for agreeing to install THAAD Seoul the US missile defense system that Washington says is needed to counter the Washington Korean missile threat .   With Park now out of the picture , he ’ll also be seeking assurances that Tillerson Korea ’s new leader honors the agreement . Snap elections will be held on May 9 . The first elements of THAAD arrived in South Korea last week , the official line is it could be fully operational by July the official line the earliest . From CNN ’s Paula Hancocks , Beijing ( CNN )    ’s first priority during CNN meetings in Beijing Saturday will be to iron out Beijing details of a tentative Florida summit scheduled in April between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping . It would be the first meeting between the two men , in what many argue is the most important bilateral relationship in the world . There is no shortage of items that should be discussed . High on the list will be the ongoing crisis in North Korea . Since the beginning of 2016 ,   two nuclear tests and dozens of ballistic missile tests have ratcheted up tensions on the peninsula .   The Trump administration wants China to do more to curb the threat . China will likely want to talk about China THAAD    defense system and Gray Eagle attack drones in South Korea . Beijing has expressed its North Korea of both , and Tillerson Beijing likely leave China with that fact fully communicated . Tillerson China also likely raise Beijing ’s    Tillerson the South China Sea Beijing At his confirmation hearing , Tillerson suggested that Beijing Tillerson be denied access Tillerson the artificial Beijing it ’s built in the disputed waters .   Despite fiery rhetoric on the campaign trail , President Trump and his administration have taken a Trump China so far .    Trump has not followed through on campaign threats to label China a currency manipulator or impose steep tariffs on Chinese imports . China also endorsed the " One China " policy , which has Trump relations between the US , China and Taiwan for decades , after questioning its legitimacy shortly after China election . The Secretary of State ’s China to China has Trump potential to set the tone for the upcoming    China .    It could be the opening salvo in the Trump ’s administration    previous promises to " get tough " on China , or it could be a continuation of the relatively calm China we ’ve seen since inauguration day . From CNN ’s Matt Rivers 
 