  ( CNN ) As Vice President Mike Pence heads to Australia on Friday on the next leg of his    tour , a White House foreign policy adviser on the trip downplayed President Donald Trump ’s early feud with the Australian Prime Minister . The adviser also said the two countries will reaffirm the two countries partnership on security , trade and immigration issues during the visit .   But concerns about the    relationship go beyond a sour first impression , as Pence will have to address thorny questions about the administration ’s withdrawal from the    Partnership , the   Partnership strategy in the South China Sea and the regional security challenge posed by North Korea .   Immediately at issue is a call shortly after the inauguration between Trump and Australian leader Malcolm Turnbull , during which the two disagreed about a refugee resettlement deal brokered under the Obama administration . A source told CNN that Trump and had abruptly ended a call . The foreign policy adviser said the the Obama administration no intention to raise the heated call with the Australians and said it ’s the Obama administration the past and not expected to be an issue . The adviser The foreign policy adviser strong historical relationship between the US and Australia and pointed to many subsequently smooth interactions and meetings .   The foreign policy The foreign policy adviser significance of Australia ’s growing ties to China Australia region     engagement that has accelerated following the US withdrawal from the    Partnership trade pact . That dynamic was natural given China ’s economic growth and Australia ’s China , the adviser Australia saying TPP The foreign policy adviser trade would be a topic of discussion during the vice president ’s visit . China ’s territorial claims in the contested South China Sea China subject that Pence expects to discuss with Australian officials during the visit . The foreign policy adviser said the administration The foreign policy adviser the vice president’s visit formulating a strategy to address the issue , which has inflamed tensions between China and the US and its allies , such as Australia and Japan . China China   North Korea China The adviser cast the effort Australia pressure China on China Korea as a success , pointing to China ’s ban on China Korean coal North Korea cautioning that additional steps need China taken . The adviser said that both sides continue to engage in productive dialogue and that there are questions The adviser efficacy of the coal import ban .   Meanwhile , the Trump administration ’s miscommunication about the location of the China’s ban on North Korean coal imports carrier group     ordered to the Korean Peninsula as a show of force to the North Koreans     has not been raised by any foreign leader , the adviser said . In the wake of the confusion over the Vinson , a presidential candidate in South Korea had delivered a sharp criticism of the mishap that ’s been echoed by the country ’s media .   And a potential obstacle to cooperation between the US and China     the " One China " policy , which Trump appeared to threaten when he accepted a phone call shortly after his election from Taiwan China President     has not come up on Pence ’s Trump through Asia so far , the Trump said . 
 