’   ’ ’    Megyn Kelly had one word for Eric Trump after Megyn Kelly explained what    Megyn Kelly thought Megyn Kelly sister Ivanka would do if his sister Ivanka were being sexually    harassed in the workplace . ’ ’    " Sigh , " his sister Ivanka   with a link to Trump’ ’s comments . ’ ’    Appearing on " CBS This Morning , " Trump was asked about the      suit that led to the ouster of Fox News    chairman and CEO Roger Ailes . the     suit that led to the ouster of Fox News   chairman and CEO Roger Ailes was filed by former host    Gretchen Carlson , and numerous women have since come forward to    detail instances of workplace sexual harassment they said Ailes    committed against them they ’ ’    Kelly was one of those numerous women . She has Kelly to comment on the Ailes matter    publicly . ’ ’    The question posed to Eric Trump was framed after his father Eric Trump    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , said he hoped Eric Trump Ivanka would find a new job if she were Ivanka sexually harassed    at    . The " CBS This Morning " host Charlie Rose asked Eric    Trump whether his father Eric   Trump those statements . ’ ’’ ’    " There is no question that that should obviously be addressed ,    and it should be    strongly , " Eric Trump said Eric   Trump Hey ,    listen , we    run a company , my father runs his father , we take    this   we all       is an absolute    anywhere , and that’ ’s very much    the case . ’       " I think what he’ ’s saying is , Ivanka is a strong , powerful woman ,    she wouldn’’t allow herself    Ivanka objected to Ivanka , and by the wouldn’’t ,    you should take it    with human resources wouldn’’t and I think she would    as a Ivanka person    at the same time , I don’’t think she would    allow herself Ivanka be    to Ivanka , " he continued . " I       that’ ’s a point he was making , and that’ think he did so well . that’ ’ ’    The GOP ’ ’    original comment while addressing the    The GOP nominee suit with   on Monday . ’ ’    " There was quite a bit of fabulous things said " about Ailes by    Carlson , he said   Ailes " It would be The GOP nominee for me and more politically    correct for The GOP nominee to say you are right . But you would think she    wouldn’’t say those things . " ’ ’    He acknowledged that he " didn’’t know The GOP nominee was more The GOP nominee just her "    when Powers told him she women had come forward . The GOP nominee ’    Asked about a case in which Ivanka were in such a situation ,    Trump said he would " like to think she   Trump find another career    or   Trump another company if that was the case . " ’ 
 