Donald Trump Jr. tells firearm suppressor manufacturer Silencer Co. that the Second Amendment is " a basic right of Americans " that has to be defended . [ The younger Trump says , " the Second Amendment is not just a hobby that I do every weekend , it ’s the Second Amendment lifestyle . "   Donald Trump Jr. stressed that his Donald Trump Jr. —   Donald J. Trump —   holds the same high view of the Second Amendment the Second Amendment that the importance of the Second Amendment is evidenced the Second Amendment that " it ’s the thing that our Founding Fathers thought of right after free speech and religion . " But he Donald Trump Jr. that Hillary Clinton wishes to lay waste to the protections on our rights to keep and bear arms . He Donald Trump Jr. : When I see our opponent , Hillary Clinton in this case , talking Hillary Clinton Supreme Court   …     getting the Heller decision wrong —   for those of you who do n’t know , the Supreme Court said you have a right the Supreme Court    decision , not a nine to nothing decision but a    decision , they said you have right to keep a firearm in those of you who don’t know home . The decision was not about concealed carry , not about the Heller decision certainly not about Class III , [ yet ] she said the Supreme Court got that wrong . Donald Jr. ’s the Supreme Court —   Clinton ’s opposition to Heller proves she is rejecting our Second Amendment rights at their most basic level . Clinton added : " That ’s scary to our Second Amendment rights as an American because Clinton what ’s next ? Legislation for the Clinton of legislation ? Just like government is bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy at this point . Just more rules and more government in your   …     daily life . " Trump Jr. described his and his father ’s approach as completely opposite of Clinton ’s — Trump Jr. not Trump Jr. regarding the Supreme Court , where Trump wants to nominate justices to uphold the Second Amendment instead of tear it down —   but also in     life , where Donald Jr. the Second Amendment his father want to leave citizens alone to exercise their rights while " Trump Jr. going ] after the people who are actually citizens crimes . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 AWR Hawkins 