’   ’ "    Marco Rubio ’s    data team sounded off on Donald Trump    and Donald Trump    own data operation during a recent interview with    Business Insider . " "    data team , told Business Insider    that there were a few things they ’d be doing differently had they    data team working with the Republican nominee data team    . " ’    " That giant Twitter list   —    he basically used it to hurl    invectives at his opponents , " Optimus    Brian    he said . " To people that already largely believe what he    thinks . How about instead , he try and recruit those people to    follow you into the field offices .    had this platform . Build a    landing page and get people directed into offices . " ’ ’    Fellow    Scott Tranter added that the " hard part about    Trump is that a lot of his stuff isn’’t completely wrong , " such Fellow   Scott Tranter    his touting of his digital platforms , but Fellow   Scott Tranter just    Fellow   Scott Tranter used them to their Fellow   Scott Tranter potential . ’ ’    Admitting them he would probably not listen to his advice Fellow   Scott Tranter Stobie    said he would’’ve Fellow   Scott Tranter him a lot harder on Fellow   Scott Tranter the messaging Fellow   Scott Tranter aimed at undecided   —    " marginal "   —    voters . ’ ’    " I worry that he goes to a lot of these events Fellow   Scott Tranter says stuff and    is feeling great because the crowd’ ’s going with him , when he    mentions these angry Fellow   Scott Tranter , " Fellow   Scott Tranter said . " I think    one of the things his campaign is    with is that that    plays well with a certain group but not to the broader electorate    we need to win . ’ ’    Trump needed someone to go " man , we showed this to a random    ass control group of undecided voters and not good , " he added .    " That said , Trump pity the campaign folks because I don’’t think he    listens to this stuff . But Trump I had a rational candidate , that’ ’s    what I’’d do to get him off       harm factor . " Trump ’    They both said Trump was able to soundly beat Rubio in the    primary because he was able to garner more earned media Trump    Rubio could buy   —    even though much of that attention was    negative . ’ ’    " If the media is going after a Republican primary candidate , it    is like crowning him , " the media said , adding that there are bound    to be a fleet of Trump copycats spring up in the coming years ,    although he doubts it will be effective    a    or      campaign . ’ ’    " We’’re actually in the middle of a big study right now we’’re    going to release afterwards where we’’re going to look at the    Republican electorate and understand what happened , " Tranter    said . " Everyone’ ’s heard the pejorative or the phrase ’’ there are    two Americas . ’’ You might argue that the Republican primary    electorate does not see the world as we do . " ’ "    On Thursday , a bombshell report on Trump ’s data team    detailed their strategy to suppress the turnout of three " ’ "   On Thursday, a bombshell report on Trump’s data team       blocks .   according to an unidentified    senior official , was aimed at discouraging three groups    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton needs to turn out at the polls     —    white liberals , millennial women , and black Americans   —    from    voting . " ’   ’ ’    During the interview with Business Insider , Stobie called the    race " probably over , especially when you look at early vote . " ’ ’    Tranter’ ’s answer was even more straightforward : " He won’’t . " ’ ’   ’ Tranter’    Earlier in the cycle , when Rubio appeared to have a shot at the    GOP nomination , his data team was written about as " Rubio Moneyball    campaign " .   ’ ’    According to   either the Rubio campaign or the Reclaim America    PAC Rubio more than $ 1 million on Optimus ’’ services in the 2016    cycle . Bloomberg   company as " the Washington consulting firm to    which Rubio has outsourced his data operation . " Rubio "    Rubio ’s campaign was the second client the Rubio ever had . Back in    2013 , they were brought on to work for the Bloomberg  company as "the Washington consulting firm to   which Rubio has outsourced his data operation." ’ "   Rubio’s campaign Reclaim    America PAC , two years before the Florida Republican would even    announce his presidential run . " ’    "    didn’’t make a spending allocation unless they consulted    us , " Tranter said They ’ ’    Tranter and Stobie said their research ran so deep , they even Tranter and Stobie spent a substantial amount of Tranter and Stobie simply    out where to    send Rubio for campaign stops , based    what an event would mean    from an earned media perspective .   ’ ’    " Which like , no one thinks about , because earned media is worth    way more , " Tranter said . " You think about the TV buy or    [ instead ] ’’ OK , now it’ ’s time to lease that private jet    because we can get one and a half extra stops in a day ,    times that by 10 days , that’ ’s worth $ 3 million on TV .    Little stuff like that , getting the extra inches . " ’ "    After Rubio ’s campaign ended in    Tranter said they had    the opportunity to work for Tranter Trump ’s campaign and the    Republican National Committee at the presidential level . They    decided against doing so . " Tranter    But , Tranter’ ’s " guess "    that the firm will be doing    another presidential campaign for the 2020 cycle . ’ ’    " Politics will always be something we do , " he said . " They allow    the Politics freedom and iterations . "   ’ 
 