’   ’ "      Donald Trump met with President Barack Obama on    Wednesday , Donald Trump first meeting with the sitting president and one    step closer to Donald Trump inauguration in January . " "    But while Trump Donald Trump impending presidency is certain , it Trump’s impending presidency much       clear what policies he Donald Trump pursue in office , and for no    region is the outlook more uncertain than for Latin America . " ’    Immigration and trade , particularly as they relate to    Mexico , have dominated his Donald Trump comments about hemispheric    relations . ’ ’    Even though one of his Donald Trump advisers   this summer that he Donald Trump think Trump    or his Donald Trump saw the region as " some big blob that you can    just generalize about , " generalizations are by and large all that    can be made , considering the paucity of information about Trump’ ’s    views on the many specific issues the the region . ’ "    Trump Trump    aggressive rhetoric about immigration and trade issues    has   among    policymakers and everyday people alike . " "    Prior to the election , the country ’s economic officials   they were economic officials   themselves from economic officials      negative fallout of a Trump Trump    , but in the wake of Trump Trump       win , they offered economic officials   specifics in the face of the unfolding    economic turmoil , particularly the dramatic weakening of the peso    against the dollar . " ’    " The official response has signaled calm and an intention to work    together " with the new US government , said Carin Zissis , the    online     at the Americas Society and Council of the    Americas , . ’ ’   ’ ’    " There has been an initial reaction of shock . .. and there also    is a sense of uncertainty over what’ ’s to come . Many are fearful    about    impact on the Mexican economy , " Zissis said ,   that the closeness of the US and    Mexican economies would not easily be unwound . ’ "    Trump ’s assertions about heightened border enforcement and the    deportation of many of the millions of undocumented Mexican    immigrants in the US the US concerns about logistical    strains on Mexican authorities and such actions would risk    exacerbating the . " ’    Clamping down on the border and restricting the traffic moving    across it    increase the border competition over the few    crossings that remain open . " The conflict for taking control of    [ criminal turf ] these routes , could get worse , " Mexican security    analyst Alejandro Hope   Insight Crime . Violence in border cities    like   and   is already on the rise . ’ "    Hope , who is a former member of Mexico ’s federal intelligence    agency , also   that the influx of deportees , who would    have few employment opportunities in Mexico , could Mexico a    ready pool of labor for criminal organizations . " ’   ’ "    Trump ’s alterations to US immigration and trade policy would also    reverberate farther south . There are as many as a   immigrants from El Salvador and about    1 . 5 million   ( less than   of whom are legal residents ) in the    US , and their deportation would  of whom security consequences    similar to those in Mexico . " ’    Though Trump   specific comments about regional    trade deals other than NAFTA , his emphasis on Trump   and    returning jobs to the US could the   US opportunities in El Salvador , and    mass deportation of Guatemalans in the US who send the   US back to their families would disrupt the remittances    there . ’ ’    " Every time the US economy sneezes , the economy the flu El Salvador    Tim Muth , a longtime blogger writing about El Salvador ,   on Wednesday El Salvador "    Trump ’s disregard for climate change and focus on upping    industrial activity could have outsize effects on Central America    as well . " ’   ’ ’    The region is   to flooding and      activity and relies on a stable climate for food production .     in the region in recent    years have strained the The region governments and made life    worse for people in the area . ’ ’    Uncertainty about what Trump plans to do has augmented the    uncertainty dominant in Colombia , where   with      rebel group the FARC to pass a public vote in October    has raised concerns about security , the economy , and criminality . ’ ’    Trump’ ’s overtures to an " America First " foreign policy suggest    the immense aid Colombia has received in recent years   —    it is the    hemisphere’ ’s largest recipient of US assistance ,   Adam Isacson of the Washington Office    on Latin America   —    may be reduced , which would hinder Colombia’ ’s    efforts to renegotiate the peace deal and to implement      development plans . ’ ’    Should Trump’ ’s regional policy amount to a " handoff to the old    guard , " as Isacson puts it , that puts GOP retreads into Latin    America policymaking positions , then US backing could shift more    behind Colombia’ ’s    which has denounced the peace deal .    ( The Republican Party’ ’s platform is   to    peace talks . ) ’ ’   ’ ’    Alvaro Uribe , a former president and ardent foe of the peace deal    who used US military aid to pursue a bloody    campaign    in the 2000s , greeted Trump’ ’s election warmly ,   on Twitter : " Congratulations President    Trump ; the narcoterrorism of Colombia and the tyranny of    Venezuela are the biggest enemies of our democracy . " ’ ’    " The coming change will be abrupt , " Isacson . " Weathering it is going to take a lot    of smart activism ,      protection of    human rights defenders . .. and , although ’’ the truth ’’ seems to    have little power in political debates at the moment , persistent    citizen efforts to reveal it . " ’ "    Uribe ’s reference to Venezuela ’s government is no boutique issue . " "    Uribe himself has long denounced the socialist government of    Uribe neighbor , and the US in recent years has had an      antagonistic relationship with Caracas . ( There have also    been a   of   comparisons between Trump and    late Venezuelan President Hugh Chavez and current President    Nicolas Maduro . ) " ’   ’ "    Trump has inveighed against Maduro ’s government , often pairing    Trump with Cuba for Maduro over democratic expression and    economic policy . " ’    Maduro has returned fire , calling Trump a " " and a " , " a denigration Trump " big wig " and    typically aimed at the rich . ’ ’    In October , Trump   " The next President of the United    States must stand in solidarity with all people oppressed in our    hemisphere , and I will stand with the oppressed people of    Venezuela yearning to be free . " ’ ’    On the day before Americans went to the polls , and after a    campaign stop in Florida , Trump   on his Facebook : ’ "    Aside from Trump  "The next President of the United   States , Trump Trump  "The next President of the United   States statements about Venezuela ,    like the rest of the Trump  "The next President of the United   States , have been Venezuela , David Smilde , a    sociology professor at Tulane University , told Business Insider . " ’    " His basic outlook would suggest he will withdraw from    significant international Trump  "The next President of the United   States , " Smilde added Trump  "The next President of the United   States " That would    probably be the best scenario for    relations since    the US is the US least important and effective    in the    region for mediating in the Venezuela conflict . " ’ ’   ’ ’    But , Venezuela noted , such an approach may be   . In    addition Smilde the possible appointment of GOP officials who would    take    stances toward Latin America , Trump may find that    and an " Latin America Trump policy is impractical in the face of       Latin America abroad . ’ ’    " Finally , populist leaders like Donald    usually find it    helpful to create a Trump as the villain in their    conspiracy theories    " Smilde said . " With a weak and discredited    government , Venezuela would be Smilde very likely object of Donald    Trump’ ’s attention . Venezuela ’ ’    " With Trump in the White House , the international scenario will    be harder on Maduro , " Luis Salamanca , a Venezuelan professor and    former National Electoral Maduro official ,   the Latin America Herald Tribune .    " I see Trump eventually threatening to stop buying Venezuelan    oil , if    keeps up the gratuitous provocations . " ’ ’ Venezuelan ’ "    Maduro US has consistently the US of Venezuela ’s largest oil    customers , but turning the screws on the Maduro government Venezuela not need involve oil . " ’    The US government Venezuela’s government    officials over    allegations , and two nephews of    the Venezuelan first lady are   in Venezuelan   oil York . ’ ’    A more hostile relationship between Washington and Caracas may    then led to more aggressive investigations of the latter by the    former . ’ Caracas    This doesn’’t mean Venezuela’ ’s opposition is keen on Trump . The    main opposition spokesman   Americans " all the Trump in the world "    after Trump’ ’s Election Day win . ’ ’    " We come from this Trump’   —    the fantasy of politics driven by a    single leader , these hegemonic and totalitarian projects , " Jesus    Torrealba   in a statement . " ( Now ) others appear to    be heading toward that cliff . " ’ "    The Venezuelan government has long been close to the Castro    government in Cuba , and Trump ’s Venezuela’s government are similar    to those he has Venezuela’s government    In October , Cuba in Florida , Trump’s Cuban    population is generally    Trump    Obama’ ’s    Caracas with Cuba " " and October Trump " only the Florida    regime . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " But all of the Cuba that Barack Obama has granted the    Castro regime were done with executive order , which means the    next president can reverse them . And that is what I will do    unless the Castro regime meets our demands , " Trump said ,   to CNN . ’ ’ the   Castro regime " Those Trump will include religious and political freedom for the   Castro regime people and the CNN of political prisoners , " Trump    . ’ "    In Cuba , Trump ’s hostility Trump thawing of relations has    been   . Trump    The day after his election , fears that he Cuba reverse Obama’ ’s    detente surfaced , and the government announced five days of    military exercises to prepare Cuban forces to face " a range of    actions by his Obama’’s    a Venezuela’s government used " terminology that    almost always refers to the United States , " the Associated Press    . ’ ’    Such exercises in the past have come at   with the US . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s demands for the Castro government to make concessions on    religious and Trump expression are likely to the US    for Havana . " ’    Some in the country Venezuela’s government the relationship    developed under Obama ,   it detrimental to the " revolution , "    may welcome Trump’ ’s position Havana ’ ’    But the danger of an impasse or erosion or Trump’ relations    concerned some in Barack Obama country who have eked out benefits from the    thaw . ’ ’    " The little we’’ve advanced , if he reverses it , it hurts us , " taxi    driver Oriel Iglesias Garcia   the AP . " You know tourism will go down .    If Donald Trump wins and turns everything back it’ ’s really bad    for it Trump ’ "    Uncertainty , with a hue of trepidation , colors the outlook for    the US ’s Latin America policy . " "    The overarching theme of Trump ’s    pronouncements    seems us one of retrenchment and reduced international    Trump . But , as Smilde , of Tulane University , noted about    Trump ’s views on Venezuela , such an approach by a US president    has Trump the past been a temporary one . " Venezuela    " Many presidents Tulane University an ’’ America first Trump’s —   as did    George Bush in 2000 , and Obama to a certain degree in 2008 , "    Smilde told Business Insider . " But once they get into office they    immediately confront situations that require more attention than    anticipated . " ’ ’   ’ Barack Obama    Confronted with the Trump " , " many in Latin America have pushed    back . In Trump Many presidents campaign on an ’’America first’’ platform —  as did   George Bush in 2000, and Obama to a certain degree in 2008,"    presidents , including Many presidents campaign on an ’’America first’’ platform —  as did   George Bush in 2000, and Obama to a certain degree in 2008,"    current one ,    Latin America comparisons between   and    have burned    Trump in effigy and mocked him in the media . ’ ’    In   and Trump launched probes       Trump financial dealings of Trump and Trump’ ’s business interests .    TeleSur , a media network in which the Venezuelan government Trump    the   has called Trump a    " . " ’ ’    But his vision for governance may parallel that    Trump in the    region . ’ ’    Venezuela’s government Peru , the recent election of conservative ,      governments may bring some alignment with a Trump    government ( though in the latter country , the new the       in    response the   region presidency . ) ’ ’   ’ ’    " Trump ’s unorthodox mixture of    protectionism Trump    actually a very solid parallel to the economic policies Trump the    current governments in Brazil and the country   James Bosworth , a regional analyst ,    " so both governments appear to see some common ground on which to    build relations . " ’ "    Many    the region have agitated for a reevaluation of the US ’s    prohibitionist drug policies . " Argentina    " Perhaps marijuana initiatives and Trump’ ’s ’’ business acumen ’’ will the   current governments in Brazil and Argentina him to support the legalization of marijuana and other the region drugs , Trump’ the US , a political science professor at    the University of Scranton ,   after Trump’ ’s election . ’ "    Those things notwithstanding , Trump ’s presidential campaign    invoked the specter of many policies Trump’ in the    and    throughout Latin America , chief among them racism and xenophobia .    Trump may find a way to undo the perception he has Latin America Trump  "The next President of the United   States , but Trump’’s uncertain aftermath of his election victory the US Trump sensations are the dominant Trump . " ’    " The civilized Trump democratic world will have to confront , once    again , EVIL Those things notwithstanding, Trump’s presidential campaign    " Mexican historian Enrique Krauze   on the evening of November 8 . " And    once again , with blood , sweat , and tears , it will defeat it . " ’ 
    it 