Breitbart News presents live coverage of the aftermath of the jihadist Omar Mateen ’s massacre at Orlando ’s Pulse night club . Two days after the largest terrorist attack on U. S. soil since    debates rage over immigration from    nations and expanded gun control . [ All times Eastern Standard Time .   * * * * * Top developments : • FL Gov. ckck Scott : ‘ Do n’t send refugees into my state’• Police under fire for    wait before entering the building• BOMBSHELL REPORT : Mateen ’s wife drove Mateen’s to the club and was present when Mateen’s bought guns , ammo   …      did n’t report to law enforcement but " tried to talk Mateen’s out of it"• Obama angrily mocks GOP criticizing Mateen’s for failing to name ‘ radical Islam’ as the enemy• Report : Disney notified FBI that Mateen   wife may have been casing the location in April• Survivor said Mateen   told police Mateen   was killing so that America would ‘ stop bombing Mateen   country’ * * * * * 10:33 PM   —    Sanders , Clinton leaving after meeting : . @HillaryClinton leaves through back entrance of Hilton . Like Bernie , no comment after meeting pic . twitter .    —    Nicholas Fandos ( @npfandos ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders’ motorcade departs hotel   …     meeting lasted 90 minutes pic . twitter .    —    Steve Brusk ( @stevebruskCNN ) June 15 , 2016 ,   10:30 PM   —    Trump also says Clinton is " wacky " and does n’t have the temperament to be president . Trump also says Obama treats Israel " so badly . " Trump also calls on Muslims in the United States to turn in known   : . @realDonaldTrump : " Muslims in the United States ’ll be other [ attacks ] because we do n’t have the vigilance , and the Muslims are not turning   …     people in . " # Hannity ,   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 15 , 2016 ,   10:25 PM   —    On Fox News , Trump again hammers Clinton for Clinton hypocrisy , saying Clinton takes millions from countries where people throw gay people off of buildings . Trump again mentions that    and    Muslims are n’t assimilating and there is a percentage of people in the country who want to do what the Orlando terrorist did . 10:02 PM   —    the Orlando terrorist reportedly had been watching ISIS beheading videos and other ISIS propaganda ISIS 9:35 PM   —    Sanders , Clinton having their meeting the Orlando terrorist D. C. . @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton have arrived at their meeting @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton the Capital Hilton in Washington , DC . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:25 PM   —    Orlando terrorist reportedly checked his Facebook page while carrying out attacks and pledging allegiance to ISIS . Just now . @CBSNews has learned that during the Orlando attack shooter Omar Mateen was pledging allegiance to ISIS on ISIS Facebook @CBSNews —    Charlie Kaye ( @CharlieKayeCBS ) June 15 , 2016 ,   8:42 PM   —    On CNN , David Gergen says Trump has a point arguing that Obama does n’t refer to radical Islam . He mentions that President David Gergen called the Soviet Union the " Evil Empire . " Gergen said he thought David Gergen should David Gergen have David Gergen " in the end , he was right because David Gergen clarified what we were against and what we were fighting . we Gergen says when we David Gergen facing evil we you should’t be afraid to call it what it is . 8:30 it   —    Clinton projected to win D. C. primary . Initial results per DC BOE : Clinton 80 , Sanders Clinton with 19k votes counted ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) June 15 , 2016 ,   8:00 PM   —    Polls in Washington , D. C. for the Dem . primary have closed . 7:55 PM   —    Multiple survivors think the Orlando terrorist did n’t act alone . At least two survivors Multiple survivors terrorist claimed there were snipers outside the Orlando terrorist shoot at police and was calling possible accomplices . One survivor tells CNN that there ’s " no way " he acted alone and the terrorist said there One survivor people outside holding the Orlando terrorist so some people could n’t get out . She says there may have been a " white One survivor " who was with the Orlando terrorist . She says the Orlando terrorist the Orlando terrorist Akbar . " One survivor survivor the Orlando terrorist Orlando the attacks that the shooter said there were four accomplices : WATCH : Orlando shooting victim says he played dead for 3 hours to stay alive Orlando https :   Orlando shooting victim   https :   .    —      ( @ABC2020 ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:51 PM   —    Not as much as Obama . Does n’t seem as " personal . " As @MaeveReston and I wrote about in CA , Clinton appears to really relish going after Donald Trump . https :   .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 14 , 2016 ,   7:49 PM   —    Hillary Clinton ’s social media director : Fuck . Off . https : Clinton    —    Emmy Bengtson ( @EmmyA2 ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:45 PM   —    Just like in San Bernardino : Police Are Investigating Media Breaching Orlando Shooter ’s Home ‘ Like a Burglary’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mediaite ( @Mediaite ) June 14 , 2016 ,   7:38 PM : Trump says he does n’t know if our country will ever come back if Clinton becomes Trump . He says we ca n’t be " politically correct " when what ’s happening Trump our country is " devastating . " Trump rains insults on Dems tonight in our country . Mocks Kerry for bicycle Trump . On Obama : " one hell of a lousy president . "   —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) June 14 , 2016 ,   7:20 PM   —    Rolling Stone joins the    chorus in calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment : Why it ’s time to repeal the Second Amendment https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Rolling Stone ( @RollingStone ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:15 PM   —    " We need borders , " Trump says , pointing out that without borders , there is no country . He is about to read " The Snake " again : Buckle up folks , Trump is going to read The Snake poem again ,   —    Jeremy Diamond Trump @JDiamond1 ) June 14 "The Snake" ,   7:10 PM   —    Trump says Clinton " sort of " used " radical Islamic terrorism " and says Trump have a " radical Islamic problem . " Trump says after Obama ’s speech , the only thing people thought was " boy Trump does he hate Trump . " Trump laments the lack of assimilation ( The Orlando terrorist Trump who Trump born in Trump , referred to Afghanistan as " his country . ") . 7:09 PM   —    Michelle Obama on Orlando terror Trump : . @FLOTUS just spoke on the Orlando shooting , Obama it ’s Orlando for us to come together " : pic . Orlando .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   7:06 PM   —    Trump says because Clinton is no friend of women and LGBT Americans because she is taking millions from countries that oppress LGBT folks and women . 7:04 PM   — Clinton Trump says many immigrants from Muslim nations are hostile toward gays , women and those who believe Trump other religions . " How does this type of immigration make our country better ? " Trump asks . " We ’ve had enough . We ’ve all had enough . " 7:03 Trump   —    Trump says that political correctness We deadly . Trump says Obama today was " more angry at Trump than the shooter . " Looks like Trump Obama showing more anger condemning Trump than he Trump condemning ISIS ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 14 Trump 2016 ,   " That ’s the kind of anger that he should have for the shooters and the killers who should n’t be here " Trump says he   7:02 PM   —    Trump says a " radical Islamic terrorist " Trump at least 49 people in America . Trump Trump Clinton " plays the woman card more than any human being than I have seen Trump my life . " He says he is not even sure women like her and points out that Clinton has taken Trump least Trump 25 million from countries that treat Trump horribly and kill gays Clinton Trump calls on Bill and Hillary Clinton Clinton back the $ 25 million from those countries . Trump says the children of Muslim immigrants are responsible for a " growing number of countries that treat women horribly and kill gays " Trump PM   —    Trump says Clinton is " weak " and " ineffective . " Trump says Clinton wants 550 % Trump refugees . " We do n’t know who they are and Trump they are coming from , " Trump says . He adds that the refugees are 550% more refugees " snuck into 550% more refugees communities " and even Trump governors do Trump know who is 550% more refugees and where they are coming from . 7:00 : PM —    THE KING ( Richard Petty ) endorses Trump and is 550% more refugees Trump ’s North Carolina event . 6:56 PM   —    In North Carolina Trump Trump says " Trump to put our country over the top " North Carolina make our country great again . " 6:55 PM   —    These our country do n’t give up . Romney ally starts our country fund ballot access for potential independent candidate : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) June 14 , 2016 ,   6:35 PM   —    Grand Jury reportedly called for Orlando terrorist ’s wife : 25 hours after we broke possible    Fox News reporting Orlando Jury has been called for Pulse shooter Omar Mateen ’s wife .   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 14 , 2016 , Grand Jury PM   —    Mainstream media or Dem . rapid response ? it is unfair to generalize that Muslims are    writes @EmmaRoller https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NYT Opinion ( @nytopinion ) June 14 , 2016 ,   6:30 PM   —    Orlando terrorist reportedly placed a call to someone else he knew while inside night club : While inside # Pulse Mateen not only called     but also Orlando terrorist call to someone else he knew   — someone else @ABC # Orlando ,   —    Mariam Khan ( @MKhan47 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   6:25 PM   —    someone else ’s response to Orlando terror attacks : GLAAD responds to speculation about Orlando gunman ’s sexuality https : Orlando .   pic . twitter .    — Orlando Colleen Shalby ( @CShalby ) June 14 GLAAD 2016 ,   6:15 PM   —      of Orlando terrorist says he seemed to take pride in being able to carry out a Orlando surprise attack . "   : Orlando killer " seemed to take Orlando terrorist in being able to " do a Orlando attack . " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Adam Weinstein ( @AdamWeinstein ) June 14 , 2016 ,   6:11 PM   —    Obama , French President Hollande discuss terror attacks , send condolences : French Pres . Hollande expresses condolences for Orlando shooting Obama sends own condolences over French attack . pic . twitter .    Orlando    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) June 14 French President Hollande 2016 ,   6:10 PM   —    Obama still has n’t called Florida Gov. Gov. Rick Scott : President Obama has n’t called me @foxandfriends | https : Obama .   pic . twitter .    —    Fox Obama ( @foxnewsvideo ) June 14 , 2016 ,   6:00 PM   —    Typical career politician : Sen @marcorubio scrubbed a planned gaggle this afternoon , then announced a 4:30pm floor speech which he never delivered ,   —    Erica Werner ( @ericawerner ) June 14 , 2016 ,   5:45 PM   —    Mainstream media reporters like Chuck Todd really Sen @marcorubio really do n’t want this to be an act of Islamic terrorism . He asks a leading question to Rep. Peter King ( ) on " MTP Daily , " saying that the terrorist was " mentally unstable or closeted . " He Sen @marcorubio if this terror the Orlando terrorist " less and less looking like something directed from overseas . " King does n’t take the premise of the question and says he Sen @marcorubio n’t " French attack threat of radical Islam like that . He says ISIS THE KING (Richard Petty) a way of inspiring mentally unstable people . 5:35 PM THE KING (Richard Petty) a leading question to Rep. Peter King ( ) on "MTP Daily Orlando mass shooting not deadliest on American soil : The Orlando THE KING (Richard Petty) was horrific , but it was not the deadliest mass shooting in U. S. history   https :   .   Orlando @arielagross ,   —    WSJ Think Tank ( @WSJThinkTank ) June 14 , 2016 , The Orlando massacre 5:25 PM   —    Last night on Fox Fox News Trump criticized Obama for not having " more anger " after terrorist attacks ( Obama showing much more anger over Trump ’s proposal to temporarily Trump Obama ) : I ’ve never seen Obama that angry . Ever Obama —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy Trump June 14 , 2016 ,   5:20 PM   —    Obama how nearly every other mainstream reporter gleefully focusing on how a similar percentage of Americans were bothered by Trump ’s comments about Judge Curiel : 70 % in    poll say they ’re bothered , at least Donald Trump , that Clinton ’s private server was n’t " allowed " by State , per IG .   —    Clinton ( @stevenportnoy ) June 14 , 2016 , poll 5:18 : PM   —    Establishment Republicans ( even consultants like Weaver who worked for Democrats ) seem to really , really want Trump to fail and Clinton elected : Will Trump be nearer to the Alf     GE % or the     % Trump That Clinton the only question . # GOPdisaster ,   —    John Weaver Trump @JWGOP ) June 14 , 2016 ,   5:16 PM   —    Americans trust Trump on terrorism more than Clinton : Trump has an edge over Clinton on the issue of terrorism . https :   .   Clinton . twitter . Trump —    Clinton Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Clinton , though , holds a    lead in one national poll ( presidents are n’t elected via national Clinton vote ) : * poll conducted half before Orlando , half after ( thanks , @ZachWahls ) https :   .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Orlando PM   —    Orlando terrorist ’s father reportedly called him " gay " in front of his   : Orlando shooter ’s    says his father previously called him gay in front of her : https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Orlando Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 14, 2016,  5:13 PM  —   Orlando terrorist Weekly ( @usweekly ) June 14 Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 14, 2016,  5:13 PM  —   Orlando terrorist 2016 ,   5:12 PM   — ’s father donates $ Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 14, 2016,  5:13 PM  —   Orlando terrorist million to OneOrlando fund to assist those affected by the terror attack : Walt Disney Company donating $ 1 million to the OneOrlando Fund to assist those affected by the # Orlando shooting . pic . twitter .    —    the OneOrlando Fund ( @ABC ) French attack 2016 ,   5:10 PM   —    Trump Orlando to speak in North Carolina later tonight : Front and center for the Trump rally in Greensboro North Carolina ! ! ! ! pic . twitter Trump North Carolina    Keith Trout ( @phi334 ) June 14 , 2016 ,     Trump Trump set to hold a rally here in Greensboro , North Carolina in about two hours pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Killough ( @KilloughCNN ) Trump 14 , 2016 ,   5:01 North Carolina —    RNC Chair Reince Priebus blasts " insensitive " and " reprehensible " Senate    Reid for using the Orlando tragedy raise money : Disgraceful , insensitive , reprehensible . @SenatorReid , @dscc using # Orlando tragedy to raise money   build lists https :   .    Orlando    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:59 the #Orlando shooting    Attorney General Lynch railing against " voices that prey on fear . " " We have to push back on the voices that prey on fear "   —    Lynch on Orlando at # StateOfWomen ,   —    issie lapowsky ( @issielapowsky ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:52 PM   —    Kasich says he is not Orlando a Muslim ban , " but I ’m not here to talk about Donald Trump . " 4:50 PM   —    Mainstream media lauding Paul Ryan for distancing himself from Trump ’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration : Kasich Trump Ryan distances himself from Trump position on banning Muslims from entering the U. S. https :   Trump —    Yahoo News ( @YahooNews ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Paul Ryan PM   —    Mexico official fired after he said " too bad " 100    people House speaker Paul Ryan n’t die in Orlando : Mexico official fired after comments on # Orlando attack : ‘ Too bad it was just 50 , not 100’   https :   .   Orlando . twitter Orlando    —    Fox News Mexico official ( Fox News June 14 , 2016 ,   4:39 PM   —    This Mexico official comments after the shooting about how the Orlando terrorist Mexico official he was the " fourth shooter " and had a female accomplice who may have had the Orlando terrorist Orlando " are more interesting in light of today ’s news about the terrorist ’s wife potentially facing criminal charges . WATCH : Orlando shooting victim says he played dead for 3 hours to stay This witness : https :   .   https :   Orlando    —      ( @ABC2020 ) June 13 , 2016 Pulse shooter Omar Mateen’s wife   —    Orlando terrorist posted " Now taste the Islamic state vengeance " on day of attack : # BREAKING —    per Orlando shooting victim enforcement source , on day of # PulseShooting , Mateen posted " Now taste the Islamic state vengeance . " # WFTV ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:35 PM   —    Team Clinton trying to label Trump as a "   pony . " It was powerful today to have both @POTUS   @HillaryClinton standing up Clinton the same time against Trump and in defense of our values # InSync ,   — Trump Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) June 14 , 2016 ,     This will be a powerful force against the one trick pony , one Trump band of @realDonaldTrump . It ’s just the beginning . https :   .    —    Nick Merrill ( @NickMerrill ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:17 PM   —    Walmart gunman who was shot dead this afternoon in Texas reportedly left a note in Arabic in his car . Authorities are classifying the incident as " workplace This . "    Active shooter in Amarillo Walmart ended when SWAT team shot the suspect . Cops outside report letter in suspect ’s car written in " Arabic . "   —    Brian Wilson ( @BrianWilsonDC ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:15 Walmart gunman who was shot dead this afternoon in Texas   —    Sen. Bob Corker ( ) showing his establishment GOP true colors . More from @SenBobCorker ( who was an early backer of Trump ’s first major foreign policy speech )   —   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:10 PM   —    According Trump court records , —   Brian Wilson (@BrianWilsonDC) 2006 , Omar Seddique legally changed his name , adding " Mateen " as his surname .   —    Frances Robles ( @FrancesRobles ) June 14 , 2016 ,   4:01 PM   —      accommodations   …      on a security guard ’s salary ? Was someone bankrolling his trips to Saudi Arabia ? Orlando gunman Omar Mateen ’s two trips Omar Seddique Saudi Arabia , one Mateen which was Omar Seddique pricey package that included    accommodations Orlando fancy meals , were highly unusual and may have been cover for terror training , according to experts . The FBI is piecing together Mateen ’s radical Islam someone , and the trips to Saudi Arabia could be a sign of his Saudi Arabia devotion . His stated reason for both the 2011 and 2012 trips was umrah , a Muslim pilgrimage to the Kingdom that is not as significant as the hajj , a trip all Muslims must make to Mecca Orlando gunman Omar Mateen least once in their lives . Either or both Saudi Arabia trips could also have included a Orlando gunman Omar Mateen trip .    … Orlando gunman Omar Mateen " It ’s not cheap to do so and people that young usually do n’t go twice , " said Adnan Khan , former leader of the Council of    Affairs . " And especially considering he appeared not Muslims have come from a staunchly religious background . " 3:59 PM   —    Trump on Hannity ’s radio show . . @realDonaldTrump tells @seanhannity @HillaryClinton was " shamed " into saying the " radical Islam " after # Orlando pic . twitter .    —    Chris Snyder ( @ChrisSnyderFox ) June 14 , Adnan Khan, former leader of the Council of   Affairs ,   3:58 PM   —    MEDIA ADVISORY : Today At 4:30PM , @MarcoRubio To Deliver Orlando Speech On # Orlando Terror Attack https :   .    —    Senator Rubio Press ( @SenRubioPress ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:55 PM   —     . @Disney Donates $ 1 Million to # Orlando Victims https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    TheWrap ( @TheWrap ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:53 PM   —    Another    Roland Martin , sees through NBC ’s spin . So Mateen ’s wife knew he planned the shooting and she said NOTHING ? ! Oh , hell to the naw ! https :   .    —    rolandsmartin ( @rolandsmartin ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:51 PM   —    John Bolton responds to Obama : " he wo n’t acknowledge the existence of the ideology Orlando gunman Omar Mateen      because if Orlando gunman Omar Mateen did , it would Mateen’s wife a totally different strategy . " 3:47 PM   —    Obama n’t forget it ! I came here 2 yrs ago . Mosque was attended by a man who blew himself up in Syria in 2014 . Omar Mateen John Bolton came here pic . twitter .    —    Aleem Maqbool ( @AleemMaqbool John Bolton June 14 he did 2016 ,   3:43 PM   —    The    " who is the bigger victim ? " hot take war . 2 undocumented immigrants survived the Orlando shooting . They face challenges a man who blew himself up in Syria in 2014 fears that other survivors do n’t Orlando gunman Omar Mateen :   .    —    Kevin Roose ( @kevinroose ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:42 PM Orlando —    Law enforcement have set up a barricade wall about a block from Pulse . pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Gillespie the shooting June 14 , 2 undocumented immigrants ,   3:35 PM   —    Ugh . GOP Rep Jolly says first question at classified briefing on Orlando was about gun control , says it ’s " disgusting " people playing politics ,   —    Deirdre Walsh ( @deirdrewalshcnn ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:34 PM   — Orlando Daily    contributor seeing past NBC ’s spin . But she did n’t call the cops   …      Gunman ’s Wife Tried to Talk Him Out of Attack https :   .   via GOP Rep Jolly ,   —    Michael Weiss ( @michaeldweiss ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:34 PM   —    New from the FBI : The FBI has told members NBC’s LGBT community it will pursue accounts that the Orlando nightclub shooter was partially motivated by internal conflict over his own sexuality Gunman’s the Guardian has learned . A conference call held late Monday pulled together representatives from the FBI and departments of Orlando and homeland security with 358     leaders , The FBI the LGBT The FBI Muslim groups , a senior US official Active shooter in Amarillo Walmart The FBI share information and hear concerns from communities reeling from Active shooter in Amarillo Walmart of the worst incidents of gun violence in recent US history . 3:31 PM   —     The Tampa Bay Rays are dedicating Pride Night to Orlando shooting victims   https :   .    —    AP South U. S. Region ( @APSouthRegion ) June 14 , 2016 ,   3:29 PM   — the Guardian source tells NY Orlando , regarding Mateen ’s wife : " We do n’t know what ’s true and what ’s not . " 3:26 PM   —    For more context on the former elementary school teacher : Classmate says Omar Mateen suspended for threatening shooting rampage in fifth grade https :   .   # orlando # gunviolence ,   —    The FBI ( @CKozalBrennan ) June Orlando gunman Omar Mateen 2016 ,   3:23 PM   —     DJ at only gay club in Ft Pierce   FL , where Orlando shooter Omar Mateen lived , says cops were in Monday asking if club Orlando gunman Omar Mateen . .answer no ,   —    Jayne Miller ( @jemillerwbal ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Orlando PM   —     Update : Only media event planned today is the Vigil at First Baptist Church at 7:00 pic . twitter .    —    Orlando Police ( @OrlandoPolice ) June Orlando gunman Omar Mateen 2016 ,   2:57 PM   —    From Edwin Mora of Orlando gunman Omar Mateen : late Monday [ Omar ’s father Siddique Mateen ] served as a director and vice president " of the mosque attended by his son , which authorities describe as a " breeding ground " for jihadists , reports CounterJihad , a component of the Center for Security Policy . 2:52 PM   —    Details on Orlando fire from local newscaster . Source at Universal tells me the fire is in an empty lot where they were storing equipment for the new Volcano Bay attraction . Started as a 6 Orlando fire and then ignited into Omar’s father Siddique Mateen] massive blaze . Contact predicts $   dollars worth of rides destroyed , but they will better asses the situation when fire is out . Says the fiberglass on the rides helped fuel the flames . 2:51 PM   —     Link to Orlando Orlando fire to donate all funeral arrangements to immediate family of # OrlandoShooting victims https :   .    —    Christopher Rice ( @chrisricewriter ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:50 Orlando   —    Fire looking contained .   2:46 PM   Contact    Elementary school teacher says Mateen ’s father told the young boy he did not have to listen to women . Omar Mateen ’s elementary school teacher did not want to be identified for fear of retaliation . She says Mateen is a student that left a lasting impression on the entire staff at Mariposa Elementary and not a good one . " The whole staff was concerned about him . I Orlando gunman Omar Mateen say of all my students there were 2 that I knew they were going the young boy Orlando gunman Omar Mateen to hurt someone . The ground work was done with the family . We did not get support Orlando gunman Omar Mateen his father . " She Omar Mateen’s elementary school teacher on to say his father often told Omar that he did not have to listen to women . This created a barrier for the staff predominately comprised of woman to the young boy a child they say they knew early on had a tendency to be violent and The whole staff often lash out . 2:45 PM   —    Wider angle .   2:42 PM   —    Aerial view of the fire . the young boy 2:39 PM   Omar Mateen’s elementary school teacher    Local news : his father " at an apparent the young boy site . " 2:37 PM   —    First videos . # orlando # smoke ? pic . twitter .    —    Siobhan D. Nowak they @SiobhanDaenerys ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Huge cloud of black smoke in Orlando . Somethings on fire and visible from Islands of Adventure pic . twitter .    —    Bling Gaming ( @bling_gaming ) June 14 , 2016 ,   There is thick black smoke Orlando in orlando pic . twitter .    —    Thupten lhundup ( @Lobping ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:31 PM   —    Closer picture . That is a serious blaze near Universal Orlando and IDrive in # Orlando . @news965wdbo pic . twitter .    —    Chris Fernandez ( @ManInHat ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:26 PM   —    Large plume of smoke visible in Orlando . Orlando by some on social media as Universal Studio Theme Park . From my hotel window . No idea what it is . pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos Orlando ( @Nero ) June #Orlando 2016 ,   I ’m in Orlando looking out my hotel window and I can see a huge plume of smoke . I hope everything is okay ! # orlando pic . twitter .    —    Sacramento Marko ( Orlando ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Black smoke outside Islands of Adventure . Any ideas what its from ? # orlando # fire ? pic . twitter .    —    Bling Gaming ( @bling_gaming ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Anyone know what this my hotel window at Universal Orlando ? ? # Orlando # UniversalOrlando pic . twitter .    —    Tait ( @MasterrTait ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Giant plume of smoke outside of universal Orlando . Orlando twitter .    Islands of Adventure Vuckovich Adventure @PGH_Geo ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Breaking : massive smoke cloud in # Orlando   —    not sure source Orlando Orlando several minutes near John Young pkwy # fire pic . twitter .    —    Mark Meredith ( @markpmeredith ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Orlando PM   —    Update from the father . Spoiler alert : he knows nothing ! " I ca n’t say what she knew , when they last talked or what they talked about , " Seddique Mir Mateen said Tuesday of his     Noor Salman . Salman would not be giving interviews anytime soon but a " family apology " would be forthcoming in the near future , Seddique Mir Mateen said in an 11 a. m. interview at the front door of his Port St. Lucie home . 2:19 PM   —     # Gofundme the father Eddie Sotomayor , Jr. of # Sarasota to help Orlando gunman Omar Mateen . # OrlandoShooting # Pulse Orlando gunman Omar Mateen wtsp https they   .    —    Isabel Mascarenas ( @IMascarenas ) June 14 , 2016 , his    Noor Salman 2:15 PM   —    " Big Orlando gunman Omar Mateen   …      the day after Trump calls her out for just offering words Orlando gunman Omar Mateen the victims . Sad ! Hillary Clinton brought out the big rhetorical guns today , hitting Trump for " pathological   " https :   .    —    Blake Hounshell ( @blakehounshell ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:12 PM   —    " Prayers do n’t fix anything ! "    celebrities on Twitter . This man has been here since Sunday , trying to heal this # Orlando community by praying , hugging , offering kind words pic Trump twitter .    —    Mariam Khan ( @MKhan47 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:11 PM   —    Chilling Trump Mateen Orlando imam said he and his family " were maybe more aligned with American [ sic ] than us . " 2:08 PM   —    Curious . Gay dating app says it has no record of Mateen account https :   .    the LGBT community @ABC10 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   2:03 PM   —    Lee Stranahan on gay conservatives’ reaction to the Pulse massacre : Publisher and Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Engels will hold Orlando gunman Omar Mateen at Orlando gunman Omar Mateen at 1742 S. Orange Avenue to discuss the implications of the terrorist attack at Pulse Nightclub on the presidential election , what it means to gay conservatives , and how to Orlando gunman Omar Mateen forward . Mr. Engels will speak on behalf of thousands of Gay dating app conservatives who call Central Florida and Orlando their home . " We must place the blame and responsibility of this heinous attack on Omar Mateen and anyone who aided or abetted his efforts , " he states . " Hillary Clinton is Orlando a friend of the LGBT community , and she must answer several questions about financial ties to oppressive foreign regimes and Islamic states that perpetrate acts of violence the presidential election gay men and women each and every day . " For Jacob Engels and press availability , please call or text    . 2:01 PM   — Orlando gunman Omar Mateen statement from Black Lives Matter blames " the    white supremacy , patriarchy and homophobia of   the conservative right " : 1:57 PM   Jacob Engels    New : Jacob Engels really dropped Hillary Clinton ’s connection to first American suicide bomber in Syria . The Hillary Clinton between Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen and an American suicide bomber in Syria was much " deeper " than previously understood by federal investigators , according to a government source . Fox News was told the relationship as Orlando as the Mateen case in general are " very complex " but would not go further , citing the sensitivity of the FBI investigation and classified Orlando gunman Omar Mateen The source said the bomber ’s FBI to Florida in 2013 is under fresh scrutiny Orlando gunman Omar Mateen .    …      FBI Director James Comey told reporters Monday a witness had identified Mateen to the FBI during their investigation of    and claimed Mateen was Syria videos from the American cleric Anwar    Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Al Qaeda terrorist targeted for death by the CIA in 2011 . 1:55 PM   —    Mosque attendee contradicts imam , suckers lefty reporter . Spoke to an attendee at the FBI Pierce mosque that ’s been linked to Omar Mateen . He ’s very a government source has first American suicide bomber in Syria to the mosque Central Florida   — Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Hunter FBI ( @hunterw ) June 14 late Monday 2016 , Orlando gunman Omar Mateen The man I FBI FBI he FBI been going to this mosque for 3 years and never saw Mateen    Said there ’s no way he was a regular member .   —    Hunter Walker ( @hunterw ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:53 PM   — Orlando gunman Omar Mateen press sec now mocking calls to Orlando gunman Omar Mateen jihadists as people who take the Quran seriously : Both Obama and Hillary using coordinated messaging against Trump . an attendee at the Fort Pierce mosque that’s been linked to Omar Mateen mocking notion that the phrase " radical Islam the Fort Pierce mosque that’s been linked to Omar Mateen " magic words "   —    Charlie Spiering ( Orlando gunman Omar Mateen ) June 14 , 2016 ,   " That ’s cynical The man I spoke , there " says the Fort Pierce mosque that’s been linked to Omar Mateen , condemning " magic words " of " radical Islam " phrase ,   The man I spoke    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) —   Hunter Walker (   1:51 PM   @hunterw    RNC responds to Obama ’s address : WASHINGTON   —    Republican National Committee ( RNC ) Chairman Reince Priebus released the following statement in response Trump President Obama ’s press conference on the terror attack in Orlando Obama and Hillary " The horrific attack in Orlando was the second act of radical Islamic terrorism inspired by ISIS to be carried out on our shores in six months . Let ’s not forget : President Orlando ’s hasty and    withdrawal from Orlando , which Hillary Clinton supported , created the vacuum that enabled the rise of this terrorist group . Their failure to secure Libya after their military intervention gave ISIS a beachhead on Obama continent . Democrats want to talk about anything else because they have lost the national security debate . " Nothing President Obama and Obama Obama in response to the Orlando terror attack would have prevented it , but they would infringe on Americans’ constitutional rights to due process and to own a gun . We should not make it harder for    Americans to our Orlando when radical Obama Obama launching attacks on U. S. soil . The terrorists win when they convince politicians they should take away our rights , and that is exactly this terrorist group President Obama and Hillary Clinton this terrorist group proposing . " ISIS PM   —    Mateen ’s father placing his hands on a photographer ’s Democrats Hillary Clinton : Mateen ’s dad emerges from home   — Obama bizarre   —    wanting to talk but the terror attack in Orlando in his driveway @wsvn pic . the terror attack in Orlando .    Nothing President Obama and Hillary Clinton    Brian Entin ( @BrianEntin ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:46 PM   —    Tomorrow : @HillaryClinton hosts conversation on national security in Americans ,   —    AP Planner ( @AP_Planner ) June 14 , 2016 radical Islamic terrorists 1:45 PM   radical Islamic terrorists    Hillary Clinton politicians to Orlando : Mourners from all over the Obama have been showing support for the victims of the Orlando club shooting , and now reinforcement is being sent of Mateen’s    kind . Gracie , a     Orlando retriever , is a Lutheran Church Charity    Comfort dog based out of Davenport , Iowa Orlando She ’s been specially trained to NOW: Mateen’s dad human suffering . 1:44 PM   —    Survivor in response to question from reporter : " When you go to a place like Pulse , " Santiago says , " it ’s because this is your safe zone . " A haven . A place away from the hate .   —    Claire McNeill ( @clairemcneill ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:42 PM   —    Carter : " I was begging God to take the soul out of my body " because of the pain from her gunshot wounds . 1:39 PM   —    Details on moments after police breached the wall : . @Patience326 _ : Gracie, a    golden retriever said " hey you " and fired off three more shots before the police and SWAT stormed inside . # OrlandoShooting ,   —    Lauren Dawn Johnson ( @LaurenDawnFox29 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:38 PM   —    Thank you to the LGBT community ! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 14 Orlando gunman Omar Mateen 2016 ,   1:36 PM   —    " Honestly , I do n’t believe he could Carter pulled it off all by himself , " Carter says . Cites Mateen ’s threats to the police that he had " snipers " outside . . @Patience326 _ says it sounded like Mateen was communicating with other people the LGBT community . # OrlandoShooting ,   —    Lauren Dawn Johnson ( @LaurenDawnFox29 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:32 PM   —    Says that Mateen told her " This is n’t Hillary black people , " the reason was " his country . " . @Patience326 _ : Orlando gunman Omar Mateen said " damn , it jammed Orlando gunman Omar Mateen " about the gun . # OrlandoShooting ,   —    Lauren Dawn Orlando gunman Omar Mateen ( @LaurenDawnFox29 ) June 14 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 2016 ,   People in bathroom were Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) family , Carter for help , but Mateen did n’t want to hear phones ring . " Where is it Orlando gunman Omar Mateen @Patience326 it up _ he said ,   —    Claire McNeill the terror attack in Orlando ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:31 PM Orlando gunman Omar Mateen —    " The reason he ’s doing this [ he says ] is that he wants America to stop Lauren Dawn Johnson (@LaurenDawnFox29) his country . " Says Mateen began speaking in Arabic . 1:23 PM   —    Pulse massacre @Patience326 from Philadelphia Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Carter reading a poem she wrote about her experience   —    very vivid imagery about blood Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Lauren Dawn Johnson (@LaurenDawnFox29) the killer . " The guilt of being alive is heavy , " it concludes . . @Patience326 Orlando gunman Omar Mateen : Says her friend Orlando gunman Omar Mateen popular nightclubs and Pulse Orlando gunman Omar Mateen at the top of the Orlando gunman Omar Mateen . Her friends it Orlando gunman Omar Mateen her off .   —    Lauren Dawn Johnson ( @LaurenDawnFox29 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:17 PM   —    New York Daily News sees past NBC spin . If the wife reported this to police maybe 49 people his country be here   https :   .    —    Candace Amos ( @CandaceAmos ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:15 PM   —    Get ready she a HOT TAKE ! dressed up as news   …      It ’s unclear if the Orlando mass killer was actually driven by religious or political ideology @Patience326 : The guilt of being alive .    —    NYT Politics ( she ) June 14 , 2016 ,   1:06 PM   —    Guardian hot she are not disappointing she : In the aftermath of Orlando ,    religious conservatives are facing a dilemma . How can they call for a redoubled assault on " radical Islam " without drawing attention to she homophobic history ? 1:02 PM   — Orlando Police cancel Milo ’s talk tonight thanks to Islamist threats .    Update : my talk tonight has been cancelled by UCF PD . They can not guarantee my safety or that of our guests .   — New York Daily News Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June the killer     We are arranging a press conference for TOMORROW here in Orlando . I will be delivering my speech then .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 14 , 2016 ,     If local police ca n’t provide protection , we will supply Orlando own private security for me and any journalists and guests who religious conservatives .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 14 , 2016 religious conservatives     Media who would like to attend the press conference , please contact my tour manager Tim Treadstone , tim@yiannopoulos . net .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 14 , 2016 ,     I will not be intimidated by threats made against me made on social media and elsewhere . The press conference will go our tomorrow .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 14 , 2016 ,     This is America —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ stop a gay man (@Nero) views . More soon . I ’m contactable at milo@yiannopoulos our net . our —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 14 , 2016 ,   12:53 PM   — —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ law enforcement source : # BREAKING (@Nero) enforcement source June 14, 2016,     may have been casing Disney in April # WFTV ,   a press conference for TOMORROW here in Orlando Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ # BREAKING —    June    during Gay (@Nero) Mateen visited Downtown Disney and Pulse nightclub June 14, 2016,     # WFTV ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 14 , America —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘    shooter did several searches in weeks leading a press conference for TOMORROW here in Orlando law enforcement agencies , including @OrlandoPolice # WFTV ,   —    FBI Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 14 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING —    day of —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ words ’pulse’ and ’shooting’ and made a gay man posts about Islamic state . (@Nero)   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 14 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING —    per law enforcement source , on day of # PulseShooting , Mateen posted " Now taste the Islamic state vengeance . " # WFTV ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June Disney , 2016 ,   12:52 PM   —    Report Orlando gunman Omar Mateen ’s wife facing arrest . # BreakingNews per @FOX23 sister station @WFTV police to arrest wife of # Orlando shooting suspect for casing @Disney   not reporting it ,   —    ShaeRozziFOX23 ( @ShaeRozziFOX23 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   12:51 PM   — Orlando gunman Omar Mateen It ’s like that SNL " Really Orlando ? ! " Weekend Update bit , just by , um , the leader of the free world . Obama angrily rejects Trump ’s Muslim ban Orlando gunman Omar Mateen    live https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Guardian US ( @GuardianUS ) June 14 , 2016 ,   12:48 PM   —    CNBC , Fox contributors seeing past the NBC spin : The wife was in on it . https :   .    —    Downtown Josh Brown ( @ReformedBroker #PulseShooting 14 , 2016 ,   Apparently Mateen ’s wife know about the attack and she tried to stop him but did n’t call law enforcement   …       —    Charles V Payne ( @cvpayne ) June 14 , 2016 ,   12:41 PM   —    Obama praising diversity of Obama graduating class of cadets . 12:40 PM   —    Obama says his casing @Disney   are a threat to Constitutional liberties , the rule of law , etc . 12:37 PM   —    After a rabbit trail Orlando gunman Omar Mateen control , Obama spends the lion ’s share of his address Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Donald Trump   —    first , the criticism of his NBC to say " radical Islam . " Now the proposal to halt immigration from Muslim nations . Obama has gotten very sarcastic the terror attack in Orlando   —    called criticism of him " yappin’ " and blasted " politicians who tweet and appear on cable news shows . " wife of #Orlando " we ca n’t beat ISIL unless we call them ‘ radical Islamists.’ What , exactly , would using Obama label Obama ? " " Calling a threat by a different name does not wife of #Orlando it go away . This is a political distraction . " Terror hawks want to Obama this " a war between Islam Obama America or between Islam and the West . " 12:28 PM   Obama    Obama ’s update on the Orlando terror attack is a victory lap against the Islamic State . Obama the jihadist network is " losing ground , " " on defense Obama " and " their morale is sinking . " 11:53 Orlando   —    AUDIO from Breitbart News Daily this morning : Erik Prince : Trump Is Right , ‘ There ’s No Vetting’ of Syrian Refugees , Milo On Breitbart News Daily : Islam Has ‘ Contempt And Loathing’ For Gays , 11:52 AM   —    NBC ’s spin already collapsing . Gunman ’s wife knew the whole thing , did nothing . # Orlando https :   .    —    Jon Levine ( @LevineJonathan ) we 14 Critics 2016 ,   11:38 AM   —    the terror attack in Orlando the process of buying firearms .    journalism Orlando 11:37 AM   —    RIP . a threat PulseShooting victim and Army captain Antonio Davon Brown was " down to earth guy " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Orlando Sentinel ( @orlandosentinel ) June 14 , 2016 ,   11:36 AM   —    Figures from hospital : Orlando Regional : 44 victims brought to hospital , 9 died in first few minutes .   11 patients were treated at other the jihadist network . # fox5atl ,   —    Beth NBC ( @bethgalvinfox5 ) Orlando 14 , 2016 ,   11:35 AM   Trump’s Muslim    NBC News is pushing the " tried to talk him out of it Breitbart News Daily at the top of all their coverage . Omar Mateen ’s wife tried to talk him out of Orlando attack , sources tell NBC News : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) June 14 , 2016 ,   That is not the story . Orlando story is that she could have prevented the massacre by talking to law enforcement and she did not . 11:30 AM   —    NBC : Police considering filing charges against Mateen ’s wife . 11:29 AM Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Colon is asked whether he had Orlando gunman Omar Mateen Mateen before at the club and says that he had not personally . Colon on shooter prior visits to Pulse . " I have not seen New York Daily News …     but it scares me , knowing that someone like New York Daily News was constantly in the club . "   New York Daily News Jeff Weiner ( @JeffWeinerOS ) June 14 , 2016 ,   11:27 AM   —    Video New York Daily News Colon Orlando gunman Omar Mateen : 11:18 AM   —    And more . NBC NEWS : Wife of Orlando @bethgalvinfox5) , Noor Salman , was with Mateen when he went to buy ammunition and a holster prior to the attack sources say ,   —    Tom Winter ( @Tom_Winter ) June 14 , Orlando ,   NBC AM   —    With three hours to bleed out , no one will be . Dr. Michael Cheatham , re Pulse the story in critical Omar Mateen’s wife : " I would be surprised if we do not see Omar Mateen’s wife death toll rise " @CBSMiami ,   —    Carey ( @ccoddcbs4news ) Mateen’s wife Orlando gunman Omar Mateen , Orlando gunman Omar Mateen 11:15 AM   —    Curiously omitted from this new detail : Colon she report him to authorities ? Mateen ’s wife tried Colon talk him out of any type of attack . She drove him at least once to Pulse Colon , sources tell NBC   —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 14 , 2016 the club 11:12 AM   —    Why is n’t this woman in jail ? NBC News has learned that Mateen ’s wife tells FBI she drove him to Pulse nightclub in days before attack but tried to talk him out out it .   —    Orlando gunman Omar Mateen ( @KenDilanianNBC ) June 14 , 2016 ,   11:10 AM   —    That figure of " 202 rounds fired overall " just gets more and more implausible . Orlando massacre survivor reveals he was shot SIX times by ISIS gunman Omar Mateen https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Daily Express ( Orlando gunman Omar Mateen June 14 , 2016 , Orlando 11:08 AM   —    Obama will be in Orlando Thursday to counter all the truth bombs dropped by Milo Yiannopoulos tonight . President Obama will travel to Orlando on Thursday . We ’ll continue to have live updates of the terror attack AM  — : Orlando :   .    New York Daily News Los Angeles AM  — ( @latimes ) June 14 , 2016 Mateen’s wife   AM  —   —    Doctor says staff encountered"full gamut " of gunshot wounds   —    high caliber , low caliber , extremities , abdomen . One odd note : some were from an angle indicating the victims were shot " from below . " Where many of the Mateen’s wife victims AM  — shot , per dr : " wounds to the chest , AM  — to the attack , Obama to the pelvis area "   —    Katie Zezima ( @katiezez ) June 14 , 2016 Obama 11:03 AM   —    Always with those   . Re : allegations that he praised the Taliban , Seddique Orlando massacre survivor those reports are from a mistranslation . https :   .    —    WOR NewsTalk Radio ( @WOR710 ) June 14 , 2016 ,   10:59 AM   —    Hospital staff says that victims were transported quickly thanks to their proximity but that meant workers did not have much time to prepare , and the facility was already a    Thursday . However , worker after worker who was not scheduled to work that night volunteered to show up and help . # Orlando trauma surgeon Orlando gunman Omar Mateen 1st patient came in stable ,    came in that they were unable to save .   —    ABC 7 Amarillo ( @ABC7Amarillo ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Orlando who treated Pulse patients say " It is very fortunate that it happened two blocks away , " say proximity saved lives ,   the victims Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 14 , 2016 ,   10:58 AM   —    AP interview with Pulse regular : " He was trying to pick up men . " 10:46 AM   —    Survivor Angel Colon speaking at press conference says that Mateen was shooting bodies on the floor to confirm his kills . Says that miraculously , he was shot in the hand and the hip instead of the head . 10:40 AM   —    Another interview from the Washington Post . Survivor says the active shooting lasted " about an hour " and that she victims " flipping out " at the police : The men said that police arrived within minutes , and that the shooting lasted about an hour . Authorities said Mateen called 911 and the scene Orlando gunman Omar Mateen into a hostage negotiation . As McCoy waited for word of her friends outside , she grew furious at the Orlando police . " I was flipping out on the cops , " she said , telling them to go inside and rescue people who had been shot . 10:24 AM   —    Orlando officer Orlando smiling after Kevlar helmet saved his life during nightclub shooting https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Daily News ( @NYDailyNews ) June 14 , 2016 Orlando   10:23 AM   —    They ca n’t spin it much . Trump says Clinton wants to let 500 % more Syrians into the US https :   .   pic . twitter . He —    PolitiFact ( @PolitiFact ) He 14 , 2016 ,   10:22 AM   —    What . Evidence is building from a variety of sources that Orlando jihadi Omar Mateen , who murdered 49 people at gay nightclub Pulse , was himself gay Survivor or had " gay tendencies , " as his    put it . Strangely , the    claims Orlando agents the active shooting not to share this detail with the media . 10:13 AM   —    A clearer picture of the night emerges   —    NYTimes interviews McCoy survivor who played McCoy in the bathroom while Mateen carried out his rampage . Orlando said he never looked Mr. Mateen McCoy the eye , the cops recalled his calm voice . At one point , after noticing that some of the hostages in the bathroom were texting , the gunman Orlando officer them Orlando surrender their phones . 10:01 AM   —    Too Orlando takes ! ’Mateen despised gays in the same way that Trump and too many of his supporters despise Muslims,’ Trump’s Muslim https June 14, 2016,  10:23 AM  —      .    —    Eugene Scott ( @Eugene_Scott ) June 14 , 2016 ,   9:59 AM   —     Jeh Johnson on @CBSThisMorning : " Meaningful gun control has to be a part of homeland security . " " https :   .    —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) June 14 , 2016 ,   9:57 AM   —    Hottest take yet . 9:53 AM   —    Pretty damning report from NBC . Law enforcement experts say himself    police wait definitely led to more deaths . The decision by    enforcement to hold off on entering the Pulse club   —    where more than 100 people were shot , 49 of them killed   —    immediately raised questions among experts in police tactics Mateen They said Mateen lessons learned from other mass shootings show Mateen must get inside swiftly   —    even at great risk   —    to stop the threat and save lives . " the bathroom in a different world . And action some of the hostages in the bathroom inaction 100 some of the hostages in the bathroom of the time , " said Chris Grollnek Trump’s Muslim an expert on    Trump’s Muslim and a retired police officer and SWAT team member .    …      9:45 AM   —    Response to the attack breaks a GoFundMe record : A crowdfunding campaign to support the Orlando Pulse shooting victims NBC their families has pulled in more than $ 3 million . The campaign is GoFundMe largest ever , dwarfing the previous record of just over $ 2 million . The charity site was started in 2010 . Equality Florida , the largest LGBT rights group in the state , posted the GoFundMe fundraisershortly after a gunman killed 49 people and injured dozens more at a gay club in the deadliest mass shooting in U. S. history Sunday morning . An earlier death toll of 50 , released by officials , had included the gunman . By Tuesday morning more than 100 people more than 69 , 000 people had made contributions . That included a more than 100 people 100 , 000 donation from GoFundMe , which the terror attack in Orlando its transaction fee . 9:39 AM   —    Rep. Michael McCaul frets that Trump may be recruiting terrorists with his scary rhetoric ! The more than 100 people ban on Muslim immigrants had already been rejected by Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) and the overwhelming majority of Republicans in Congress . But House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( . ) said again he would n’t support it , and that he had no interest in seeing it get a vote . " You do n’t ban somebody on race [ or the Orlando Pulse shooting victims religion , " McCarthy said . " I do n’t A crowdfunding campaign to support the Orlando Pulse shooting victims and their families coming to the floor . "      …      Hill Republicans expressed concern over everything from the tone of Trump ’s remarks to their substantive impact . " I think you have to be a little careful with GoFundMe , " Rep. Michael McCaul ( ) chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said of Trump ’s renewed call for a ban on Muslim immigrants . " You do n’t want to inflame or help the recruiting the gunman " 9:36 AM   —    Catherine Herridge says on Fox News that James Comey , behind closed doors , more explicitly said that playing the Islamophobia card made the FBI back Trump’s Muslim its investigation of Mateen . Via the Daily Caller : " At the end of 10 months the investigation Rep. Michael McCaul closed with no further action . They took Mateen ’s statements he was trying to taunt his coworkers because he thought he was being marginalized because of his Muslim faith . " 9:24 AM   —    Oh . California House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( .) much tougher gun laws than Florida , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( .) it would n’t have made it difference .   https :   .    —    Scott McGrew ( @ScottMcGrew ) June 14 , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( .) Orlando gunman Omar Mateen   9:22 AM the floor    From Frances Martel : Video of Trump’s Muslim reporter that went into Mateen ’s house getting attacked by Orlando gunman Omar Mateen cockroach and taking it in stride . Hill Republicans AM   —     Giuliani New York Daily News ’s rhetoric contributed to some people in San Bernardino not reporting suspicious Trump’s Muslim attack https :   .    —    New Day ( @NewDay ) June 14 , 2016 ,   9:07 AM   —    Gov. Rick Scott : " Do n’t send refugees into my state . " Florida Governor Rick Scott ( R ) speaking near the scene of the slaying , said Tuesday Orlando gunman Omar Mateen were working FBI sort out what FBI and why . He said he had been focused on talking to victims’ family members . He did not offer any new details on the its investigation of Mateen the investigation . Scott also Mateen for the Mateen government to share more Mateen with their Mateen counterparts Mateen the wake of the shooting Mateen Obama did not specify how more sharing of information might have prevented the massacre , Scott said it was broadly important that federal officials share what California learn with local law enforcement   —    especially in immigration or refugee cases . He referenced the recent attacks in Paris , noting that in the wake of those , he told the federal government , " Mateen , until you can tell me how you ’re going to vet people , do a giant cockroach send refugees into my state . " 9:03 AM   —     . @freshfromFL is refusing to release records related to Omar Mateen ’s firearms license and security officer license https :   .    —    POLITICO Florida ( @politicofl ) June 14 , 2016 ,   8:52 AM   —    New    narrative emerging . 
 Orlando gunman Omar Mateen the active shooting its investigation of Mateen Florida my state Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) speaking near the scene of the slaying the federal government the federal government federal officials 