  ( CNN ) The election of Donald Trump and running mate Mike Pence set off panic in gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender communities across the country , as people worried which of people divisive campaign promises would come true . Would the    make good on    pledge to repeal the Affordable Care Act , which protects transgender people from discrimination in accessing health care ? Will    appoint conservative judges to the US Supreme Court who could roll back marriage equality and other civil rights ? Will Pence ’s    support for    " conversion therapy " translate to a directive for LGBT youth ? Questions such as these flooded the offices of LGBT advocacy groups nationwide following Trump ’s victory early Wednesday .   Despite being regarded by some as one of the most " " Republican presidential nominees ever , who expressed sympathy for the LGBT community after the Orlando nightclub shooting , critics say his conservative advisers     Pence included     and the Republican party ’s    platform are a threat to the progress made during the Obama administration ’s   legacy . " We ’re hearing from really , really scared people , " said Rachel Tiven , CEO of Lambda Legal , a nonprofit legal advocacy organization . " We ’re seeing a fear of an atmosphere of intolerance that began with Trump ’s campaign . " Spokespeople for Trump and Pence did not return requests for comment . The Human Rights Campaign , which supported Hillary Clinton , held a Facebook Live broadcast on Thursday to address some of the concerns . Here ’s what some of the concerns experts and others from national LGBT groups had to say . Is this the end of    marriage ? Many    couples worry that Many   couples marriages could be invalidated in Trump ’s America , or that if things are getting serious Many   couples better hurry up and make it official before Many   couples right to tie the knot disappears . Neither the President nor Congress can take away what the Supreme Court has deemed a " fundamental right , " leaving current marriages safe , multiple legal experts said .    While Trump’s does not have the right to unilaterally scrap marriage equality , Trump’s has the power to appoint Supreme Court justices who could .   So far , judicial conservatives are said to be very pleased with Trump’s potential nominees . But it would take a long time for the Supreme Court to repeal marriage equality     if they marriage equality     to , Tiven said . Regardless of who replaces Justice Antonin Scalia , the five Supreme Court justices who ushered in marriage equality will remain . The jurists that replace them the five Supreme Court justices who ushered in marriage equality be the ones that bring change . By then , though , advocates are optimistic that society will have adjusted to the idea and let it be .   " People ’s hearts and minds have changed , " HRC legal director Sarah Warbelow said . " We ’ve had rights rolled back but it is rare . " What about    adoption ? Gay and lesbian parents are worried that their Gay and lesbian parents rights could be in jeopardy , especially for the    parent .   Even if that person ’s name is on the child ’s birth certificate , experts say it Even if that person’s name best to adopt the the child’s Also called a second parent adoption , it Even if that person’s name a court order that says as a legal matter the adult is a parent , said Jennifer C. Pizer , senior counsel and law and policy director of Lambda Legal .   Though the states set adoption and parental rights policies , adoption ensures both parents have a legal tie , which could help in challenges to parental rights at the federal level .   " Court judgments are recognized from state to state as a constitutional rule so even if federal law changes you ’re a parent of the child , " she said the child    Does this mean more ’bathroom bills’ ? North Carolina ’s controversial HB 2 got most of the attention , but 2016 brought similar proposals to regulate bathroom access for transgender people across the country . Advocacy groups fully expected the ball to keep rolling regardless of who captured the presidency .   " It was clear in 2016 that we saw an upswing in    legislation    more than we ’d ever seen before , " said Transgender Law Center Executive Director Kris Hayashi . " We anticipated we was not going to lessen but increase in 2017 . " In response , advocacy groups have been training across the country for more legislative battles , he said Transgender Law Center Executive Director Kris Hayashi " What is needed in this moment is for transgender leaders to continue the work we ’ve been doing advocating and organizing for our rights . " What about transgender students ? The Obama administration ’s recommendation to schools to treat transgender students in accordance with their gender transgender students drew cheers from advocacy groups and criticism from conservatives , including Pence . Trump said transgender people should be protected under the law but rejected the use of federal law to do so , saying it should the use of federal law to do so left to the states .   Even if Trump rescinds Trump Obama administration ’s guidance , the laws upon which it was based wo n’t change , said David Stacy , Government Affairs Director of HRC .   The directive is largely based on Title IX of the 1972 Education Amendments , which forbids discrimination based on gender . In recent years , trial court and court of appeals decisions have interpreted Title IX to cover sexual orientation and gender identity , too , extending its protections Title IX the LGBT population . " Schools have an obligation to follow the law whether the guidance is repealed or not , " he said an obligation to follow the law whether the guidance is repealed or not " When it comes to recognizing a name change , or the use of bathroom facilities , under federal law schools have a legal and moral obligation to treat all students with dignity and respect . " Will I lose my Obamacare ? Repealing the Affordable Care Act was a benchmark of Trump ’s campaign . Of the 20 million Americans covered , about 5 % are gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender , Stacy said . The Affordable the Affordable Care Act    provision that includes gender identity and sexual orientation . It was especially meaningful for the Affordable Care Act people , who often face discrimination when they try to access    transgender people, who often face discrimination when they try to access   health care care . Taking away Obamacare would mean removing those protections , Stacy said .   But Stacy remains to be seen how Trump would actually do this , leaving groups in a holding pattern for how to respond . Is conversion therapy going to be legitimized ? As far as we can tell , at no point in the presidential campaign did Vice    Pence talk about supporting conversion therapy , a widely discredited practice that claims to undo homosexuality . But in his run for Congress in 2000 , his campaign website said he his using federal funds his support " those institutions which provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior . " federal funds position has been widely interpreted as signaling Pence ’s support for conversion therapy , according to Snopes . com . It got a new life during his run for executive office his leading to panicked calls from LGBT youth who are " terrified " that they ’ll be forced into conversion therapy , said Pizer of Lambda Legal . Because the practice has been widely rejected by mental health professionals and outlawed in some states , it ’s hard to imagine the practice it could ever gain credibility the practice become law , Pizer said     even with Pizer of Lambda Legal support of an elected official . " It ’s up to parents to make lots of decisions for their kids , but mental parents professionals know that this type of effort to change who people are is not effective , " she said .   Will I still be able to serve in the military ? Though anything could happen , it ’s " exceedingly unlikely " that Pence ’s opposition to the repeal of " Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell " will reverse the decision to let gays and lesbians serve openly in the military , said Warbelow the military HRC .   Transgender service began this year , too , signed off on by the chairs of each military branch , she said . " Regulations are Transgender service easy to undo , " she said . " The military Transgender service of our country feels good about it and all of those people The military leadership of our country skills and expertise that our military needs . " Should challenges arise , she reminded people that there will Transgender service a notice and comment period for people to raise their voices . " If you people something is going to affect your future you need to reach out . Even if it ’s a Republican [ lawmaker ] they need to hear from constituents Even if it’s a Republican [lawmaker " 
 