On " Fox News Sunday , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump explained all of the things that were fair game if Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton made charges of sexism , most of which were about how Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton handled Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton husband Bill Clinton ’s indiscretions while Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton was first lady .   " Republican presidential   Donald Trump said , " You ’re talking about many . I mean , if you read the book , the book has other ones that were really horrible . You have one being   —    accusing " Republican presidential   Donald Trump of rape , and other things . Hey , look , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump was impeached . " Republican presidential   Donald Trump lost " Republican presidential   Donald Trump law license , could n’t practice law . " Republican presidential   Donald Trump had to pay a massive fine or a massive amount of money to   —    whether it ’s Paula Jones , or whoever . And this was all done in the White House . A lot of this this done in the the White House Not a good situation . Now , had she not mentioned about penchant for sexism , to me , penchant   —    I have a penchant for sexism . I have more respect for women than Hillary Clinton has . I have more respect than Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton I will take care of this country far better than Hillary . So , Hillary Clinton thought it was appropriate . I mean , to be honest , I thought it was appropriate . it ’s campaigning for the wife . She Hillary Clinton had a Hillary Clinton for sexism , which I do n’t . But , that ’s what she said . She made Hillary Clinton statement . Hillary Clinton Host Chris Wallace went on to say there are some questioning Trump ’s strategy and that it could backfire , to Trump’s Trump added that she was Trump’s a victim Hillary Clinton but an enabler . Exchange as follows : WALLACE : Now , a Chris Wallace of Republican officials , including a lot of Republican women say that ’s going to backfire . That , you ’re going to make her more popular . Once Hillary Clinton , she ’s the victim , Hillary Clinton it ’s going to turn the victim lot of   …      TRUMP : No , no . She ’s not a victim Hillary Clinton She was an enabler   Hillary Clinton    she , WALLACE : She Hillary Clinton an enabler ? Hillary Clinton : She worked   —    Hillary Clinton , she worked with him . Hillary Clinton mean , TRUMP was   —    Hillary Clinton of the women have been totally destroyed . Some of these women have been destroyed some of the women Hillary worked with him . Hillary Clinton mean , TRUMP ’s no   —    there ’s no feeling sorry for Hillary in this situation . Hillary Clinton , all you have to do is look at some of the facts , and look at some of the settlements . There ’s no feeling sorry for her . Follow Pam Key Hillary Clinton Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 