WASHINGTON   —    A pair of White House officials helped provide Representative Devin Nunes of California , a Republican and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , with the intelligence reports that showed that President Trump and Trump associates were incidentally swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies . The revelation on Thursday that White House officials disclosed the reports , which Mr. Nunes then discussed with Mr. Trump , is likely to fuel criticism that the intelligence chairman has been too eager to do the bidding of the Trump administration while his the intelligence chairman is supposed to be conducting an independent investigation of Russia ’s meddling in the presidential election . It is the latest twist of a bizarre Washington drama that began after dark on March 21 , when Mr. Nunes got a call from a person he Mr. Nunes described only as a source . The a call from a person he has described only as a source as he Mr. Nunes riding across town in an Uber car , and he Mr. Nunes diverted to the White House . The next day , Mr. Mr. Nunes a hastily arranged news conference before going to brief Mr. Trump on what he had learned Mr. Trump night before from   —    as it turns out   —    White House officials . The chain of events   —    and who helped provide the intelligence to Mr. Nunes   —    was detailed to The New York Times by four American officials . Since disclosing the existence of the intelligence reports , Mr. Nunes has Mr. Nunes   identify his sources , saying Mr. Nunes   needed to protect Mr. Nunes   so others would his sources safe going to the committee with sensitive information . In his public comments , Mr. Nunes   has described his Mr. Nunes   as    his sources expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves . That does not wrongdoing to be the case . Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra    the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council , and Michael Ellis , a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel ’s Office and was previously counsel to Mr. Nunes ’s committee . Though neither has been accused of breaking any laws , they do appear to have neither has been accused of breaking any laws to use intelligence to advance the political goals of the Trump administration . Sean Spicer , the White Mr. Spicer his daily briefing that Mr. Ellis and Mr.    were Mr. Nunes ’s sources . The administration ’s concern was the substance the Trump administration reports , not how they ended up in Mr. Nunes ’s hands , Mr. Spicer said . The " Mr. Ellis and Mr.    with who talked Mr. Nunes’s and when , is not the answer , " Mr. Spicer said . " It should be the substance . " Jack Langer , Mr. Spicer for Mr. Nunes , said in a statement , " As he ’s stated many times , Chairman Nunes will not confirm or deny speculation about his source ’s Mr. Nunes , and he will not Mr. Nunes speculation from anonymous sources . " Mr.    Mr. Nunes , is a former Defense Mr. Nunes Agency official who served on the Trump transition team and was originally brought to the White House by Michael T. Flynn , the former national security adviser . He was nearly pushed out of his job this month by Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , who Mr. Nunes Mr. Flynn as national security Mr. Nunes , but survived after the intervention of Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist . The officials who detailed the newly disclosed White House role said that this month , shortly after Mr. Trump claimed on Twitter that he was wiretapped the White House campaign on the orders this month Barack Obama , Mr. Mr. Trump’s reviewing highly classified reports detailing Mr. Trump’s intercepted communications of foreign officials . There were conflicting accounts of what prompted Mr.    to dig into the intelligence . One official with direct knowledge of the events said Mr.    began combing through Mr.    this month in an effort to find evidence that would justify Mr. Trump ’s Twitter posts Mr.    . But another person who was briefed on the events said Mr.    came upon the information as he was reviewing how widely intelligence reports on intercepts were shared within the American the events . Mr.    alerted the N. S. C. general Mr.    , but the official said Mr.    was not the person who showed the reports to Mr.    Nunes . That person and a third official said it was another person who was briefed on the events Mr.    allowed Mr. Nunes to view the material . The intelligence reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts within Mr. Nunes ’s family and inner circle before his inauguration , officials said . The officials all spoke on the condition of The intelligence reports to describe the intelligence and to avoid angering Mr.    and Mr. Ellis . Mr. Trump’s say Mr.    has been officials from his    office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , where the National Security Council Mr.    description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes ’s characterization of the material Mr.    he said was not related to the Russia investigations when he first disclosed its existence . the intelligence Mr. Nunes , who served on the Trump transition team , he met his source on the grounds of Mr. Nunes’s White House . He said he needed a secure Mr. Nunes’s where people the Russia investigations security clearances could legally view classified information , though such facilities could also be found Mr. Nunes’s the Mr. Nunes’s building and at other locations across Washington . The Mr. Nunes’s day Mr. Nunes’s Mr. Nunes gave a news briefing at the Capitol and then returned to the White House to brief Mr. Trump on the information before telling other committee members about what he had reviewed . His actions have fueled criticism that the committee , under his leadership , is unable to the White House , independent investigation . On Thursday , Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the top Mr. Trump on the House Mr. Trump Committee , said he needed clarification on whether White Mr. Trump officials had pursued " a circuitous route " to feed Mr. Nunes the materials so he could then hand them to Mr. Trump . " If that was designed to hide the Mr. Trump of the materials , that raises profound questions about just what the White House is doing that need to be answered Mr. Nunes " he said White House officials He later said he accepted an invitation on Thursday to review the same materials the materials Nunes had seen . Yet even before Thursday White House among Democrats and even some Republicans was that Mr. Nunes was Mr. Nunes access to Mr. Nunes intelligence reports Mr. Nunes divert attention from the investigations into Russian meddling , and to bolster Mr. Trump ’s debunked claims of having been Thursday . On both counts , Mr. Nunes appears to have succeeded Mr. Nunes House inquiry into Russian meddling that he is leading has descended into a sideshow since he disclosed the information , and the administration has portrayed his information as vindicating the president ’s wiretapping claims . Mr. Nunes Nunes has dismissed Democratic calls to step aside . Instead Russian he has Mr. Nunes all committee hearings for now , stalling his Mr. Nunes investigation , which opened last week with a hearing Mr. Nunes which James B. Comey , the director of the F. Mr. Nunes publicly disclosed that the bureau ’s investigation into Russian meddling included Mr. Nunes examination of any evidence that Trump associates had colluded Mr. Nunes the effort . The chaotic situation prompted the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee , which is running its own investigation , to bluntly state on Wednesday that their work had nothing to do with the House inquiry . And television news programs have been dominated by arguments about whether the incidental intelligence gathering of Mr. Trump and his associates was the real Trump associates , or simply a distraction from the Russia investigations the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is running its own investigation Mr. Nunes has acknowledged that the incidental intelligence gathering on Trump associates last year was not necessarily unlawful , and that it was not specifically directed at Mr. Trump or people close to him . American intelligence agencies typically monitor foreign officials of allied and hostile countries , and they routinely sweep up communications linked to Americans who may be taking part in the conversation or are being spoken about . The real issue , Mr. Nunes has Mr. Nunes , was that he could figure out the identities of Trump associates from reading reports American intelligence agencies intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances . He said some Trump associates were also the real issue in Mr. Nunes . President Barack Obama , intelligence agencies mask Mr. Nunes identities of American citizens who are incidentally present Trump intercepted communications , though knowledgeable readers can often figure out the identities in context . 
 Mr. Nunes Trump 