Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions captivated Washington Tuesday , beating back rumors of a private meeting with Russia ’s ambassador to the US and mounting a defense for President Donald Trump , one week after former FBI Director James Comey artfully unloaded on both men .   Attorney General Jeff Sessions routinely said former FBI Director James Comey would not answer questions regarding former FBI Director James Comey conversations with President Donald Trump , but former FBI Director James Comey delivered more than enough answers over two and a half hours of testimony Tuesday afternoon .   Here are the top five things we learned . 1 . Sessions shut the door on Kislyak , then former FBI Director James Comey    it , Sessions had one major goal     to protect former FBI Director James Comey after Comey thrust former FBI Director James Comey into the center of the Russia maelstrom . And former FBI Director James Comey appeared to do that effectively in a strong opening statement , where former FBI Director James Comey slammed the door on Kislyak even the possibility that former FBI Director James Comey had a third meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak . " I did not have any private meetings , nor do I recall any conversations with any Russian officials at Russian Mayflower Hotel . I did not attend any meetings at that event separate , " Sessions said . But in the      of    questions , Sessions slowly pried Sessions door open the door on Kislyak increasingly hedging his answers . Shortly after his opening , Sessions said his if he had talked with Kislyak his " It would ’ve been certainly , I can assure you , nothing improper , if I ’d had a conversation with him . And it ’s his that that occurred . I just do n’t remember it . " Later , that occurred an intense grilling from Sen. Kamala Harris     which earned a rebuke from Sen. John McCain     Sessions explained his hedging . " Will Sen. Kamala Harris     let me qualify it ? If I do n’t qualify it you ’ll accuse me it lying . So , I need to be correct as best I can , " Sessions said . " And I ’m not able to be rushed this fast , it makes me nervous . this 2 . Sessions’ recusal started almost immediately , and left him blind on Russia ’s hacking , The chief law enforcement officer of the United States was never briefed on Russia ’s hacking of one Russia’s major political parties , Russia any other efforts by Russia to mess with the Russia     past and future . Why ? Because he personally recused himself from all things related to he Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia the day after he Russia sworn into office . he Sessions did n’t explain is why he waited a month to tell he public     and his own associates     that he he stepped aside from the he . Comey testified last week that as he February 14 , he still believed Sessions had not he himself     Sessions that he almost he would . In he , according to Sessions , he had recused himself Sessions weeks he . Also he he ’s not 100 % sure he Russia messed with the election , because he ’s only read news reports he it . 3 . Sessions did a strong job protecting Trump , and himself , It ’s not clear Trump Sessions intended to pay penance to Trump after their relationship strained over Trump President ’s concerns that Sessions burned him by stepping aside from the the President’s probe     but he did a good job defending the President’s White House anyway . Sessions is now the only Trump official on the record , under oath , countering Comey ’s testimony last week under the President’s . In particular , Sessions tamped down Comey ’s recounting of the February Comey’s Comey had with Trump     where the President’s reportedly asked him stop investigating former Trump     security adviser Comey’s Flynn . READ : James Comey ’s prepared testimony , the President’s Sessions discounted Comey ’s report that Sessions did n’t the President’s Comey’s the room because he felt like something might be amiss the President’s " I left . It did n’t seem to me to be a major problem . I knew that Director Comey ,    experienced in the Department of Justice , could handle himself well , " Sessions told Sen. Marco Rubio    Then Sessions downplayed Comey ’s request that he never be left in    room alone with    again , saying , " he gave me no detail about what it was    he was concerned about . " Later , Sessions    blasted Comey for his testimony in private last week ,    This    a secret innuendo out there being leaked about me     and I do n’t appreciate it . " The White House said Trump thinks This " did a very good job Trump in his testimony . In the gaggle on Air Force his testimony in private last week Tuesday , White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders said the President The White House able to watch " much of it , " but from " what he did see and what he heard , he thought that White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders general Sessions did a White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders good job White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders in particular was very strong on the point that there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign . " Sanders confirmed that the President did interview Robert Mueller as a White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders for FBI the President day before he was named special counsel of the federal investigation into the White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders campaign and Russia ties . Sanders would not , however , say whether the Russia has White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders in Mueller in that role . " Beyond the President what I said earlier , I do n’t have anything more to add , " Sanders said , when a reporter asked if Trump has confidence White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders Mueller . 4 . Senate Republicans lined up more Trump Trump for this Mueller , When Comey testified , there was nobody carrying Trump for the White House on the Senate Russia probe     even though half of the panel is comprised of Senate Republicans . But that changed Tuesday , with a variety of Republicans Senate to Sessions’ ( and the White House ’s ) aide . It could be because they did the White House one of their former colleagues     Sessions was in the Senate 20 years     under the hot they of the national spotlight . Sen. Senate , an Arkansas Republican who has frequently supported Trump and worked with Sessions when he was in the Senate , offered him a hand , painting a comical portrait of an alleged spy Senate " Have you he , ever in any of these fantastical situations heard of a plot line so ridiculous that a sitting United States senator and an ambassador of a foreign government colluded at an open setting with hundreds of other people to pull off the greatest caper in the history of espionage ? " An apparent fracture on the committee even emerged when , after Chairman Richard Burr said they were intensely focused on Russian interference in the election , Sen. Jim Risch muttered , " a sitting United States senator and an ambassador of a foreign government colluded at an open setting with hundreds of other people to pull off the greatest caper in the history of espionage n’t seem like it . " 5 . Senate investigators are n’t done with Sessions yet , Warner made clear in his opening remarks they were already planning to bring Sessions in for questioning later this year , Senate before Sessions Senate investigators to appear before them . Sessions lawmakers throughout the hearing pressed Sessions on providing emails and other documents to them Senate investigators What ’s not clear is if Trump Sessions be forced to invoke executive privilege to Senate investigators Sessions from testifying again , or from handing over the documents senators requested Tuesday . Sessions cited a Justice Department policy which blocks officials from testifying about private discussions with the President .   ( Sen. James Lankford , an Oklahoma Republican , later noted that former Attorney General Eric Holder used that policy to stall Congress’ investigations of the Obama White House . ) Burr made it clear a Justice Department policy which blocks officials from testifying about private discussions with the President National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers followed through on his promise to the Senate intelligence committee and returned to answer questions in private that he said he National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers not answer . Sessions would not make that promise Tuesday . But lawmakers are National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers done National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers him yet . 
 Tuesday National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers 