Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump says Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump raised $ 5 . 6 million for veterans during Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump fundraiser in January before the Iowa caucus . [ " I have raised a tremendous amount of money for the vets , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said during a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City , adding , " almost six million dollars . " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump says Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump expects more money to come in ,   " I have been thanked by so many veterans groups throughout the United States , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said . Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump told the media that " all of the money has been paid out , " but spent the majority of Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump time slamming the liberal press for , instead of praising Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump for the money raised for veterans , questioning Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump intentions with the money . " I will say that the the liberal press be ashamed of themselves , the liberal press Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump criticized , adding that Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump will provide a list of where the the money . Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump went on to list more than 42 veterans organizations and detailed how much money Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has sent to each group . " Zero dollars have been taken out for administration , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump added . " These are checks that have been delivered that have been cashed that are now being used to help the vets . " " The press is the liberal press and so unfair , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump added . " What I got was worse than credit because they were questioning me credit " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump added about the press , saying the liberal press to be accountable for the money , but did n’t want all of the credit . " Find credit much Hillary Clinton has given to the veterans . Nothing , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump challenged the media . " I should n’t be lambasted , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said , adding , " Not one penny did I take for administration cost . " Trump also commented on the small group of veterans protesting against him outside of Trump Tower , Trump were affiliated with Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . " They ’re sent there by Hillary the small group of veterans protesting against him outside of Trump Tower, which were affiliated with Hillary Clinton’s campaign and their picketing , Hillary Clinton said , the small group of veterans protesting against him outside of Trump Tower, which were affiliated with Hillary Clinton’s campaign they ’re protesting Trump of wanting to the small group of veterans protesting against him outside of Trump Tower, which were affiliated with Hillary Clinton’s campaign where the money was donated . " The money has all been sent . the money I wanted to keep it private , " Trump added . Trump the money and New Trump state Rep. Trump Baldasaro . " Donald Trump is doing this for the Trump " Baldasaro stated , telling the press to look at his Veterans Affairs reform plan . He told Trump liberal media that they " Trump to get your head out of your butt and focus on the real issues the liberal media " Trump also promised to continue to challenge the Trump if he is elected President of the United States Trump 
 the press 