Donald Trump ’s running mate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence demands Hillary Clinton " fully retract " the statement Hillary Clinton made calling millions of Americans racist   —    among other labels   —    when Hillary Clinton suggested they could all be put into a " basket of deplorables . " [ " I think millions of Americans are shocked and saddened to see Hillary Clinton refer to people across this country as a basket of deplorables in a prepared speech in front of wealthy donors in New York City on Friday night , " Pence said at a press conference on Capitol Hill . The VP candidate met Republican congressional leadership on Tuesday .   Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) attended the a press conference on Capitol Hill with Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) . " She was talking Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) people all across this country , " Pence continued . " We call on her again to Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) and retract her comments . Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) " Her remarks were Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) insulting to sincere people all across this country , this country added . . @mike_pence on @HillaryClinton # BasketOfDeplorables , " it ’s one more reason that disqualifies her " @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Prior to the press conference , Pence attended a meeting with the House Republican conference . McCarthy described the conference as having the House Republican conference in the air , " while Scalise said there ’s " incredible momentum behind the    ticket " in states across the country . Republican leadership touts excitement   momentum at press conf .    @mike_pence @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Ryan said Pence is working with Republican leadership on an agenda that will put America back on top . " He is working with all Ryan us to make sure we can put this country us on track America Ryan stated of Pence . Ryan Our members Pence excited to have us . " 
 Ryan 