’Donald Trump held a somewhat unusual press conference on ’Donald Trump plane on Tuesday afternoon.’ ’The Republican presidential frontrunner tangled with reporters on board Republican presidential frontrunner own    757 after Republican presidential frontrunner campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , .’ " The charge stemmed from an incident that occurred after ’Donald Trump victory speech in Florida following his ’Donald Trump in the March 8 primaries . " ’The Jupiter , Florida Florida police department released video of the an incident that occurred after Trump’s victory speech in Florida following his wins in the March 8 primaries in which Lewandowski apparently grabbed then Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields by the arm and shoved her away as she was her to question Trump.’ ’During the press conference , Trump insisted that he would Trump sticking by Lewandowski despite Lewandowski charge against him.’ ’"When somebody is maligned so unfairly as that , I will stick by them , " he said Lewandowski adding that the video showed the incident was actually " so minor . " ’ " Trump , who repeatedly questioned Fields’ credibility on Twitter earlier that afternoon , asked the assembled reporters if he should Lewandowski charges against Fields for supposedly touching him right Lewandowski " ’"I think it’ ’s a very , very sad day in this country when a man can be destroyed over something like that , " he said.’ ’He said the reporters the assembled reporters questions " said.’ ’He pushed around more getting on this plane than she got pushed around . " ’ ’After saying that the reporters around him get " said.’ ’He worse on a daily basis " than Fields , Trump was asked about the bruises on her arm . she Fields accused Trump’ ’s campaign manager of manhandling her , she she out she photo of her arm:’ ’ she guess these just magically appeared on me   . So weird .   ’ ’The press conference came   fired off a tweetstorm in defense of Lewandowski , who turned himself in to Jupiter police and is reportedly .’ ’Fields called for Trump to " stop lying " in a .’ ’Donald Trump held Trump unusual press . .. ’ 
 