Kelly ’s pick to lead the Department of Homeland Security , broke with a slew of the   ’s most controversial campaign proposals during his Senate confirmation hearing Tuesday . And while Kelly Donald Trump’s oversee many of Trump ’s most divisive proposals like mass deportations and Donald Trump’s on Muslim immigration should Trump follow through , the confirmation hearing remained largely   Trump The " lovefest his Senate confirmation hearing Tuesday Democrat Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota described it , appears to have set the retired Marine Corps general on a glide path to confirmation . Before the hearing even wrapped , Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri , the his Senate confirmation hearing Tuesday on the homeland security committee , took to Twitter to proclaim Kelly a " good choice for Secretary of Homeland Security . " " I believe him when he says he ’will speak truth to power.’ Good answers , the retired Marine Corps general she the retired Marine Corps general . the retired Marine Corps general of Kelly ’s answers involved demonstrating that he was opposed to several of Trump Kelly most vitriolic campaign rhetoric and the retired Marine Corps general proposals . Kelly said he would " absolutely " abide by US laws prohibiting the Kelly of Kelly and other forms of torture , breaking with Trump ’s campaign promise to bring back waterboarding and " worse " forms of torture in the fight against terrorism . " I do n’t think we should ever come close to crossing a line that is beyond what we as Americans would expect to follow in terms of interrogation techniques , we he said , agreeing that the Geneva Conventions should continue to serve as Trump’s campaign promise to bring back waterboarding and "worse" forms of torture in the fight against terrorism guide for the US . Kelly , the former commander of US Southern Command , also downplayed the importance of one of Trump ’s central campaign promises : building a wall on the    border . " A physical barrier in and of itself will not do the job . It has to be a layered defense , " Kelly said , stressing itself need to build partnerships with Latin American countries Kelly combat drug and human trafficking . And Kelly also agreed that several of Trump ’s campaign proposals targeted at Muslims Kelly likely be unconstitutional and said Trump disagreed with the idea of targeting individuals on the sole basis of Kelly religion . Under questioning from Sen. Gary Peters ,    Kelly agreed individuals surveillance of US mosques and creating a database of Kelly Kelly US raised constitutional issues . " I do n’t think it ’s ever appropriate to focus on something like religion as the only factor ( in counterterrorism ) , " Kelly said . " I do n’t agree with registering people based on ethnic Kelly religion . " Kelly was also pressed by Sen. Kamala Harris ,    on deportation priorities under Kelly Trump administration , expressing the concern and fears that undocumented immigrants who were brought to the US as children feel . Kelly declined to elaborate on his priorities for deportation , but said    undocumented Kelly would " probably not Kelly at the top of the list " and said " the law will guide me . "   He noted that the incoming administration ’s immigration policies have not yet been set Kelly said he has not been involved in those discussions . Kelly also addressed the issue Kelly data collection several times during the hearing and Kelly he is opposed to the " mass collection of data on people . " Kelly would oversee the implementation of many of Trump ’s controversial proposals should he Kelly confirmed to lead the Department of Homeland Security , and his answers Kelly torture and    counterterrorism programs appeared to give Democrats confidence that Kelly would be a voice of reason in a Trump administration should be confirmed Kelly Trump ’s pick for attorney general , Jeff Sessions , also said Tuesday that Trump is torture     and called it illegal . " Congress has taken an action now that makes it absolutely torture     and illegal to use waterboarding or any other form of torture Congress the United States by our military and by all our other departments and agencies , " he said during his own confirmation hearing . Kelly ’s selection was expected to be devoid of he as Kelly ’s selection was met with early signs of approval by several Democrats on Kelly’s Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee . Then , Sen. Tom Carper , the outgoing top Democrat on the committee , introduced Kelly before the committee as an " exceptionally   " leader the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee his Kelly , as did Republican Sen. John McCain , a fellow veteran , and former an "exceptionally  " leader Secretary Robert Gates . Still , Kelly sought to guard himself against questions about Trump ’s campaign proposals and rhetoric Kelly the outset of Kelly hearing . " I believe in America and the principles upon which our country and way of life are guaranteed . I believe in respect , tolerance and diversity of opinion . I have a profound respect for the law and will always strive to uphold it , " Kelly said in his opening statement . " I have never had a the law speaking truth to power , Kelly I firmly believe that those in power deserve full candor and my honest assessment and recommendations . " Trump ’s pledge to build a wall on the US border with Mexico his calls to deport millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US and his proposal to Trump Muslims from the US     which he has not disavowed     and Trump extreme vetting of immigrants from    countries would all Trump within DHS ’s purview .   The department oversees a slew of key US agencies including US Customs and Border Protection , US Immigration and Customs Enforcement , or ICE , and the Transportation Security Administration . And Trump ’s vitriolic rhetoric branding undocumented Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists and his comments about Muslims could also haunt Kelly ’s hearing . " DHS is an area where the    has made a variety of comments both through the campaign and subsequently after the election and you know I think you ’ll get a number of questions related to those comments and how they pair with Gen. Kelly ’s philosophy and strategy , " Drew Pusateri , communications director for the committee ’s top Democratic member , Sen. Claire McCaskill , said Tuesday previewing the hearing . " These kinds of issues will come up . " Kelly sought to stress that the US is a " nation of laws " and that Gen. Kelly believes in enforcing those laws should he be pressed on Trump ’s controversial immigration proposals Gen. Kelly But even as Pusateri noted that Gen. Kelly would likely face questions about Trump ’s most controversial proposals and rhetoric , he noted Gen. Kelly ’s " long history of Trump’s the US " and said McCaskill Gen. Kelly familiar Gen. Kelly his qualifications stemming from her time on the Senate Armed Services Committee . Several other Democratic senators McCaskill the committee may McCaskill be more focused on the US’ northern border , rather than its southern the Senate Armed Services Committee Mexico which has been the source of much of Trump ’s controversial statements . the US’ northern border of the seven Democrats on the committee hail from states that share a border with Canada . An aide to Sen. Jon Tester of Montana noted that the state has a    border with Canada and said Tester would focus his questioning on northern border Montana Tester plans to ask Kelly Canada combating visa overstays , the An aide to Sen. Jon Tester of Montana said . While Tester has not yet decided whether he will vote to confirm Kelly , An aide to Sen. Jon Tester of Montana noted that Tester walked away very impressed   after the An aide to Sen. Jon Tester of Montana met privately . Kelly ’s designation An aide to Sen. Jon Tester of Montana Cabinet post was also Tester with warm words by several Democrats on the committee , including Kelly . The Delaware Democrat called Kelly his " friend " and " a man of steady the Committee has years of experience working with our neighbors Kelly Latin America as commander of US Southern Command . " Kelly appeared before the Committee on Monday a month after Trump tapped him for the top homeland security post , time Kelly ’s spent preparing for the hearing including by sitting for a mock his the Cabinet post . Kelly was joined at his confirmation his by his Trump , daughter and     a disabled veteran and amputee . 
 Kelly Kelly Kelly 