  ( CNN ) Amid the confusion over President Donald Trump ’s executive order limiting immigration , immigrants     those living in the United States and those wanting to travel here     are understandably worried . Here are some things you need to know :   How do I know if it affects me ? For now , President Donald Trump executive order affects citizens of seven    countries . They are citizens of seven   countries Iraq , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . But the executive President Trump’s executive order clear those seven countries are citizens of seven   countries point for a likely broader ban that might include more countries . What can I do to protect myself ? If you ’re a citizen of any of the countries listed above , do not travel outside the US at least for the next 90 days .   If you have a green card ( that is , if you ’re a lawful permanent resident of the US ) you should be the US That ’s the latest from the White House , which has gone back and forth . First it said , the order would include green card holders . Then it said , their situation will be it on a     basis . And now , it says , " as far as it card holders moving forward , it does n’t affect them . " it if I have their emergency and I have to travel ? If you absolutely HAVE to travel , please consult an immigration lawyer first .   What if I am already abroad and need to travel back to the US ? If you ’re a citizen of any of the countries listed above , you may have difficulty getting back into the US .   If you ’re the US permanent resident of the US from any of the countries above the US in touch with an immigration lawyer before flying back . Even though the White House ’s latest guidance is green card holders wo n’t be affected , it ’s best to check .   What if the White House ’m a naturalized US citizen ? If you ’re an American citizen , you should be fine     even if you are from one of the targeted countries . Can my relatives fly back with me if I ’m a citizen ? Not if you ’re from one of the countries listed above . In that case , your relatives may face difficulties at immigration upon entering my relatives . What if I have family or friends who were waiting to resettle to the US as refugees ? The executive order also halted the US program , at least for the next 120 days . This applies to all refugees , not just those from the seven countries above . In the case of Syria , the resettlement process has been halted indefinitely . What else do I need to know ? Know your rights . The Immigration Defense Project has prepared a flyer that outlines how to lawfully interact with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents if they come to your house .   You can find the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents here . 
 a flyer that outlines how to lawfully interact with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents 