  ( CNN ) On Friday night in Los Angeles , Kanye West released the video to Kanye West latest single , " Famous . " In the video , the waxy likenesses of such celebrities as Anna Wintour and Donald Trump , Rihanna and Rihanna ex , Chris Brown , Caitlyn Jenner and Bill Cosby lay in apparent    states in the folds of a giant bed .   West is positioned squarely in the middle of the group , with wife Kim Kardashian and Kim Kardashian naked derriere on one side and a likeness of Taylor Swift , breasts and pubic area exposed , on the other .   West says each member of the cast of characters was chosen for having had some impact or influence on each member of the cast of characters own path to fame . The video ’s credits gave " special thanks " to every celebrity involved " for being famous . " In an interview with Vanity Fair , the singer said the song , and The video , is simply " a comment on fame in America . " Vanity Vanity Fair it " "    it was it " voyeuristic " and " a feat of magic . "   In the words of actress and writer Lena Dunham , however , it ’s it sickening . " In a Facebook post Monday night , the " Girls "    called the " Famous " video " one of the more disturbing ’artistic’ efforts in recent memory , " a dangerous reinforcement of rape culture and   . " The prone , unconscious , waxy bodies of famous women , twisted like they ’ve been drugged and chucked aside at a rager . .. , " she writes . " It gives me such a sickening sense of   . "   The video , she writes she is " informed and inspired by the aspects of our culture that make women feel unsafe even in their own women , in their own women , " made her feel she sad and unsafe and worried . "    Dunham , the daughter of artists , is no stranger to using shocking images , or hypersexual visuals for the sake of art , or to make a point ( and , while she ’s she it , to generate press , and ratings ) . And indeed she acknowledges she " art ’s job is to make us think in ways that are n’t always tidy or comfortable . "   But is this art ? And if so , what ’s the takeaway —   what are we meant us think ?    Join us on us . . Even West himself has said the video is " not    or   " anyone who appears in it . the video ’s the video even for or against fame itself . It ’s the video a comment , he insists Even West himself   And so without the thoughtfulness or direction that most artists put behind such provocative works or statements , it ’s plainly irresponsible . Is depicting controversial figures like Chris Brown , who had a violent relationship with ex Rihanna , beside her in West ’s bed , and Bill Cosby , the subject of multiple    allegations over many years , an endorsement of their actions multiple   allegations Or something else ?   We do n’t know . But we are We . Perhaps West is West aim at the falsehood and overexposure of celebrity , but the way he ’s doing it —   by bullying , essentially , by barreling through —   negates any point he may he trying to make . Meanwhile , it ’s it course notable and ironic that West and West wife he perhaps among the few who gave their consent to be part of this work and the most overexposed in real life , are among the least exposed in the video .   Dunham also makes the point that what most audiences will see , especially the younger and more impressionable ones —   the ones who are assaulted and raped and in daunting numbers   —    is less nuanced than whatever message West may be trying to send . All they ’ll see , she writes Dunham is the " the stuff of snuff films . " And she ’s Dunham . Provocative art always sparks a discussion . But it ’s Provocative art to believe that West stripped West some of pop culture ’s most notable and   respected people —   an    among them — most notable and  respected people —   for the " Famous " video because he wanted to make an honest statement . He did he because he can he or because he thinks he can he And it ’s that entitlement that has led to the culture we have today : where rape is    police officers whose actions lead to death are acquitted , politicians whose campaigns carry racist undertones can succeed not in spite of , but because of , them . politicians whose campaigns carry racist undertones did he for the attention he ’s he getting . Notably , few of the celebrities depicted in the video have issued a response . Perhaps they know the celebrities depicted in the video the less we talk about it , the less impact it has the   that the less attention we give to the bully , the smaller his power he It ’s the worth remembering . 
 