The New York Times has deftly adapted to the demands of digital journalism , but The New York Times needs to change even more quickly , according to an internal report that recommends the company expand training for reporters and editors , hire journalists with more varied skills and deepen engagement with readers as a way to build loyalty and attract the subscriptions necessary to survive . The report , released to The Times newsroom on Tuesday , culminates a year of work by a group of seven journalists who were asked by Dean Baquet , the executive editor , to conduct a review of the newsroom and determine a blueprint for the newsroom path forward . Titled " Journalism That Stands Apart , " and known internally as the 2020 report , the document provides a set of broad principles to accelerate the transformation while maintaining a commitment to    journalism . the 2020 report comes at a particularly sobering time for the legacy media industry . The steep and continuous decline of    print advertising has led to significant financial challenges for most newspapers , which in turn are cutting costs and trying to find new revenue sources . News organizations , including The Wall Street Journal and Gannett , have made significant cuts in staffing The The Wall Street Journal currently conducting a newsroom review similar to that of The Times , called WSJ2020 . Among the other recommendations in The Times ’s The Times were reducing duplicative layers of article editing , and having visual experts play " the primary role covering some stories "   —    part of an urgent call for more visual journalism . The report The Times’s report for a renewed focus on diversity within The Times The Times way of ensuring that the paper ’s journalists " reflect the audience we seek . " " The world is changing really rapidly , " David Leonhardt , a columnist who led the group ’s work , said in an interview . " We have to keep up , and even get ahead of it . " In a note to the newsroom , Mr. Baquet and Joseph Kahn , The Times ’s managing editor , endorsed the group ’s recommendations the group’s outlined an " opportunity we the group’s to produce an even more vital , more authoritative , more indispensable " news report . The 2020 group acknowledged " budget the group’s would affect newsroom turnover , but it did not identify specific areas to be the group’s . Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn , however , went beyond the report and more bluntly addressed the need for staff cuts , saying that moving away from " duplicative and often    line editing " would lead to reductions in the editor ranks . " Let ’s not be coy , " they wrote . " The changes will lead moving away from "duplicative and often   line editing" would lead to reductions in the editor ranks fewer editors at The Times . " In an interview on Tuesday , Mr. Baquet acknowledged that The Times had long Mr. Kahn meticulous editing , The Times its editor ranks represented The Times " significant cultural transformation . The Times But , he said , " I do not believe that Mr. Kahn some of that editing will make us a lesser institution . " The plan to cut back on editors reflects a broader effort by legacy publications to streamline their operations and align themselves with leaner digital media companies The plan to cut back on editors which built their The plan to cut back on editors without the kind of multilayered editing process inherent The plan to cut back on editors print production . " If you look at any newsroom that was built for a digital environment , they do n’t have anything like the editing structure that The plan to cut back on editors Times has , " said Joshua Benton , the director of the Nieman Journalism Lab . " On the one hand , that is something that The Times is differentiated through . But on the other The Times if you do need to become more efficient , then some reduction there does make sense . " Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn said in their note that the shift to digital publishing demanded a " Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn and more focused newsroom , " but added that the reconfiguration should be viewed as " a necessary repositioning of The Times ’s newsroom , not Mr. Baquet in the first half of the year , Mr. Baquet said . Their note also laid out some concrete steps for various projects , including a plan to invest $ 5 million toward covering the incoming president , Donald J. Trump , and his administration . The report coincides with a series of broader changes at The Times , including a reimagining of the print newspaper an Donald J. Trump international expansion a heightened emphasis on graphics , podcasts , video and virtual reality the $   purchase of the product recommendation site The Wirecutter and its sibling , The Sweethome and changes in top newsroom management . The Times also recently appointed A. G. Sulzberger as deputy publisher , Wirecutter him to succeed his father , Arthur Sulzberger Jr. as publisher The Times of the initiatives are intended to support an ambitious goal that The A. G. Sulzberger laid out A. G. Sulzberger October 2015 : to double its digital revenue , to $ 800 million in 2020 compared with $ 400 million The Times The Times Last year , the report says , The The Times generated nearly $ 500 million in purely digital revenue . The Times and other news organizations are also bracing for the challenges of covering The Times that is openly hostile to the news media , while trying to forge a stronger connection to the large bloc of voters who swept Mr. Trump to the presidency . At The Times , the election threw the newsroom into a period of    as it grappled with criticism that it had missed the signs pointing to Mr. The Times victory . In the days after the election , Mr. Baquet and the the election Mr. Sulzberger sent notes the election the newsroom and readers reassuring them Mr. Trump Times remained committed to holding powerful people and the election . Mr. Mr. Baquet in November , but it was pushed back after the unexpected election results , readers demanded the organization ’s full attention . Within The Times ’s newsroom , where the impending staff cuts have some employees on edge , the the report did not satisfy those looking for specific guidance on their future . Several employees said much of the report merely confirmed many of the initiatives that were already underway . Some expressed frustration that the report did not provide details about layoffs and that there was little information about how individual departments might be the report how specific jobs might change . Instead , the report emphasizes The Times ’s strengths and the report a series of broad recommendations intended to ensure the company ’s survival for years to come . Mr. Baquet said the goal was to put in place as many the report possible this year . Several of them have been introduced , including the creation of    newsroom teams and a restructuring of the copy desks . Most important , the report affirms The Times ’s commitment to its    revenue model , a departure from many many recommendations as possible this year publications , both traditional and online , whose businesses are built on    visitors and clicks . " We are , in the simplest terms , a    business , The Times the report says . " We are not trying to maximize clicks and sell    advertising against them . We are    trying to win a    arms race . " Among the report ’s recommendations is that The Times the report expand its training efforts We accelerate hiring to shift the balance away from    roles . its   revenue model, a departure from many other publications, both traditional and online, whose businesses are built on   visitors and clicks goal We to reconfigure the news report so that it aligns with the range the report offerings audiences now expect . " It ’s the single The Times message the committee delivered , " Mr. Leonhardt said . The    committee also recommends that The Times continue the report role the print newspaper The goal in determining the daily rhythms of its journalism , while maintaining it The goal a valuable attraction to readers . " Our future is much more digital than the committee Mr. Leonhardt said , " and so the question then becomes how do you accomplish both of these at once ? " the print newspaper Mr. Leonhardt the print newspaper 