Donald Trump Jr.   —    a close political adviser to Donald Trump father , Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president   —    posted on Twitter on Monday night an image of a white bowl full of    Skittles . an image of a white bowl full of   Skittles came with this text : " If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you . Would you take a handful ? That ’s our Syrian refugee problem . " Mr. Mr. Trump then got an earful . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign called the post " disgusting . " A stream of social media users denounced it as both flippant and fearmongering , noting the infinitesimal A stream of social media users of being killed in a terrorist attack by a refugee . Even the parent company of Skittles weighed in . But Mr. Trump ’s comparison of men , women and children displaced by a horrific civil war to a chewy candy was hardly the first time he had been accused of poor taste . If his Mr. Trump Ivanka Trump has become known for her polish Mr. Trump message discipline , he has distinguished himself his sister Ivanka Trump wading frequently into the shadowy Mr. Trump of white Mr. Trump ,    incendiary language and conspiracy theories . Other political candidates and officeholders , including Hillary and Bill Clinton , have also had relatives attract unflattering attention . But rarely are those family members so central to a campaign . Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric Trump   —    the Mr. Trump —    all spoke at the Republican National Convention and have been key players in their father ’s White House run . This month , Donald Trump Jr. invoked the Holocaust when he argued to a Philadelphia radio station that the news media gave Mrs. Clinton a pass on " every indiscrepancy . " If Donald Trump Jr. had done what she had , he said , " they ’d be warming up the gas chamber right now . " ( He later claimed Mrs. Clinton was a Donald Trump Jr. to capital punishment Republicans ) He recently shared a Twitter post by Kevin MacDonald , a Donald Trump Jr. who has written about " Jewish influence " for a website Donald Trump Jr. to " white identity , interests and culture " and who has testified on behalf of a Holocaust denier . A few days before that , Mr. Trump shared on his Instagram account a picture showing the faces of his father , himself and several Trump supporters with Pepe Donald Trump Jr. , a cartoon Donald Trump Jr. that has been    as a mascot by Donald Trump Jr. " " an informal assembly Donald Trump Jr. white nationalists ,    conservatives and    internet provocateurs . " A friend sent me this , " Mr. Trump wrote of the image , adding that he was " honored " to have been included in it . The Trump campaign Donald Trump Jr. make Donald Jr. available for comment , instead Donald Trump Jr. a statement that echoed his derision of political correctness the image applauded him Donald Trump Jr. speaking " the truth . " His allies and friends came to his defense . " Donald Trump Jr. ’s remarkable to me to see Donald Trump Jr. level of outrage about a metaphor used Donald Trump Jr. Don Jr. , " the Donald Trump Jr.    nominee , Gov. Mike Pence of Donald Trump Jr. , said in an interview with NBC News . Todd Silverman Donald Jr. friend from the University of Pennsylvania , said Mr. Trump " is not   . " Told about the Twitter accounts Mr. Trump had echoed and his " gas chamber " remark , Mr. Silverman , who is Jewish , said only , " That is not Mr. Trump the person I know Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump and his siblings have appeared at rallies and advised their father , who has generally eschewed traditional political consultants , on strategy . The elder Mr. Trump , a    supporter , often mentions that his Mr. Trump and his siblings are avid hunters . Donald Jr. and Eric invited journalists to watch them hunt pheasants in Iowa before the caucuses there , and Donald Jr. The elder Mr. Trump, a   supporter posed holding the tail of a dead elephant and other animals killed during journalists African safari . The siblings have also taken out big game within their father ’s campaign : They pushed successfully to oust his onetime campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski . Donald Jr. also has a big role in the The siblings business , as an The siblings vice president whose portfolio includes expanding the company ’s real estate , Donald Jr. hotel and golf interests . He has also had a taste of reality stardom , appearing as an adviser on " The Celebrity Apprentice , " an iteration of his father ’s hit Donald Jr. " The Apprentice . " He lives with his wife and five children in New York , where he has flirted with the Donald Jr. of running for mayor . " I like to Donald Jr. optionality , Donald Jr. he said when asked on CNN if he would Donald Jr. a run . The Trump campaign has called the scrutiny of his Twitter posts unfair . " We Donald Jr. truly living in remarkable times , Donald Jr. said Jason Miller , a spokesman for the campaign . " The media Donald Jr. run out of things to The Trump campaign Mr. Trump on , and so now they scour the social media accounts of his The Trump campaign for things to blow out of proportion . " Appearing this month on " Good Morning America , " The media Jr. was asked by George Stephanopoulos Mr. Trump his use of the frog picture , which Mr. Stephanopoulos called a "   symbol of the white supremacist movement . " " I ’ve never even heard of Donald Jr. the Frog , " Mr. Trump said George Stephanopoulos I mean , bet you 90 percent of your viewers have never heard of Pepe the Frog . " He added : " I thought it was a frog in a wig . I thought it was funny . " Mr. Trump ’s father Pepe the Frog his Twitter feed in Pepe the Frog many have found offensive . He has reposted messages from white supremacists’ accounts , and it July he posted an Mr. Trump Clinton , a pile of cash Mr. Trump’s father a    star in the shape of the Star Mr. Trump’s father David . He quickly deleted the post and said it was Mr. Trump’s father intended to be    but he later said it should not have been deleted . Around that time , his son was retweeting    Mr. Trump’s father media users . In March , the post Jr. appeared on a radio show where Mr. Trump’s father of the the post had had David Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan Mr. Trump’s father now running for the Senate in Louisiana , as a guest on his affiliated show . The interviewer , James Edwards , is the host of " The Political Cesspool , " which has been described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as " racist and Donald Jr. . " Mr. Trump ’s Skittles post on Monday , which drew almost 24 , 000 " likes " by Tuesday afternoon , seemed almost tame by comparison . Its argument is one that many have made , sometimes using MMs , against accepting Syrian refugees , and it is consistent with the Trump campaign ’s talking point that Mrs. Clinton ’s more inclusive stance toward refugees threatens Americans . In a year marked by anxiety over terrorist attacks , 53 percent Its respondents in an Associated Press poll in July thought the United States should allow fewer refugees to enter the country , as opposed to 11 percent who believed more should be allowed in . The Wrigley company , which makes Skittles , was careful not to take a position on the matter the United States it was clearly not on board with being seen as a symbol of it . " Skittles are candy , " a company official said in a statement . " Refugees are people . We do n’t feel it is an appropriate analogy . " 
 Skittles 