’   ’ "    French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a stinging rebuke to    Donald Trump ’s decision to withdraw the US from the Paris      agreement on Thursday in an unprecedented      speech . " ’    " I do respect decision to withdraw the US from the Paris     agreement on Thursday in an unprecedented     speech , but I do think it decision to withdraw the US from the Paris     agreement on Thursday in an unprecedented     speech an actual    mistake , both for the United States and for the planet , " Macron    said in a speech at the Élysée Palace . ’ "    Trump ’s decision has drawn   and has some experts predicting    it ’s decision damage the US ’s international standing on environmental    issues . " ’    Macron Macron    to hint at that in his a speech at the Élysée Palace at one point    speaking directly to Americans and encouraging them to Americans with      people abroad . ’ ’    " To all the scientists , engineers , entrepreneurs , and responsible    citizens who were disappointed by the decision by the president    of the United States , I want to say they will all the scientists, engineers, entrepreneurs, and responsible   citizens who were disappointed by the decision by the president   of the United States in France a    second homeland , " Macron said . " I call on them   all the scientists, engineers, entrepreneurs, and responsible   citizens who were disappointed by the decision by the president   of the United States    come and work    here with us , the US work together on concrete solutions for our    the US . " ’ ’    Macron also Macron that the Paris agreement " remains    irreversible . " In Trump’ ’s announcement at the White House on    Thursday , the president Macron US would possibly renegotiate    the terms of the agreement at the Paris agreement time . ’ ’    If Macron’ ’s criticism of Trump wasn’’t clear enough , he left no Macron room for doubt    his final line Macron in which he appropriated    Macron ’s " Make America Great Again " campaign slogan . ’ ’    " Wherever we live , whoever we are , we we share the we responsibility to make our planet great again , we Macron said . ’ ’ ’ ’   ’ "    According to British news outlet   Macron ’s speech marked the first time a French    leader has addressed his nation in English from a French   leader president ’s    official residence . " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tStatement on the US’ withdrawal from the Paris climate agreements .   " ’French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a. .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 