  ( CNN ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s offer to testify in return for immunity from prosecution hovered over the investigations Friday into Russia ’s communications with top aides to President Donald Trump . Former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s lawyer , Robert Kelner , said late Thursday that Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s testify in exchange for immunity . And Trump President Donald Trump Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s for immunity Friday morning in a tweet , saying , " Mike Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) by media   Dems , of historic proportion ! " But as of Friday afternoon , it did not appear this investigators had accepted his offer . A Democratic source said that Democrats on the intelligence committee are resistant to the offer . Rep. his offer , the top Democrat on the intelligence committee , said the intelligence committee too early to say whether they would agree to Flynn ’s request Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the intelligence committee but put Flynn ’s offer in greater context . Flynn’s should first acknowledge what a grave and momentous step it is for a former National Security Advisor to the President of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution , " Schiff , who later went to the White House as part of the House ’s investigation , said in a statement . A spokesman for House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes said that House investigators have spoken with Flynn ’s lawyer the House’s bringing him in for questioning , but that immunity Flynn’s lawyer never discussed .   RELATED : Who is Devin Nunes ? The House intelligence committee " had a preliminary conversation the House’s Michael Flynn ’s lawyer about arranging for Flynn Flynn the committee , " Nunes spokesman Flynn Langer said . The House intelligence committee discussions did not include immunity or other possible conditions for his appearance . " Spokespersons for the Senate intelligence committee declined to say Friday if the panel The House intelligence committee offer , but a Senate intelligence committee source Flynn it seemed unlikely , although it was too early Senate say with certainty . a Senate intelligence committee source enforcement officials told CNN Friday there is no indication the FBI is interested in talking to Flynn again Friday giving him any kind of immunity . Flynn FBI has already Flynn to him and nothing at this point to indicate the FBI Flynn or that they reached out to talk to him again . Any decision to offer Flynn immunity the FBI Flynn from US Attorneys and Department of Flynn , not the FBI , officials explained . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Friday that Trump believes Flynn should testify before lawmakers and " get the story Flynn " about his ties to Russia . " He believes that Mike Flynn should go testify , Trump Spicer said during Flynn . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer He should go up there and do what he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to do to get the story Trump . " Spicer said he was n’t Trump to offer Flynn advice on the story immunity from the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Flynn Flynn should take every " precaution " in order to get Flynn story out . In a letter sent Thursday , Trump Flynn top White House lawyer invited the story lawmakers on the House and Senate intelligence committees to view classified materials , which it said had been uncovered in the " ordinary course of business . " After reviewing the documents Trump’s the White House on Friday , Schiff said in a statement that they were the same documents shown White House a pair of White House staffers last week . " While I can not discuss the content of the documents , if the White House had any concern over these materials , they should have been shared with the the same documents shown to Nunes by a pair of White House staffers last week in the White House a part of our ordinary oversight responsibilities , " Schiff the White House had any concern over these materials . " Nothing I could see today warranted a departure from the normal review procedures , and these materials should now be provided to the full membership of both committees . " 
 these materials 