Cleveland ( CNN ) Rebuilding America Now , a    Trump super PAC that had previously failed to attract the financial support that PAC once hoped , is preparing an advertising barrage that promises to be the first major advertising campaign on behalf of the Republican nominee . " There ’s a lot of money out there , " said Ken McKay , the head of the group , told Cleveland (CNN) . " You ’re starting to see enough donors now where you can actually feel there will be significantly more than that . People want to get involved in this race . " And the super PAC this week will begin a    advertising campaign nationally and in swing states , significantly easing the disparity on television between    and    Clinton forces this summer . the group has produced about 10 advertisements , and a    positive ad featuring Trump ’s own words , " America Soaring , " begins Tuesday nationally on cable . And next week , that ad and      negative spots against Clinton   Clinton in battleground states , their first    advertising of the cycle . One of the spots , " Outsourcing , " hits Clinton   Clinton speeches she   Clinton abroad while her   Clinton foundation accepted cash from foreign countries . Clinton   Clinton to an audience in New Delhi that she   Clinton able to do little about outsourcing , while numbers flash on the screen detailing various payments she   Clinton from large international companies . " She   Clinton this speech , then got $ 1 , 000 , 000 from India in 2008 for the Clinton Foundation , " the ad reads as music in the south Asian tradition plays in the background . " She   Clinton earned India India . " The group plans to be on the air until Election Day . They declined The group identify a total buy size . The group The group ’s expecting The group than $ 60 million in commitments , including a roughly $ 20 million gift from an unidentified donor .   But the numbers should be viewed with skepticism : The group ’s The group that he collected $ 32 million in commitments     though $ 30 million of that has yet to arrive six weeks after the flashy announcement was made . The most recent financial documents showed the PAC had only raised $ The group 1 million so far .   The group is expecting to receive a The group million donation early this week , along with two matching $ 3 million donations . That cash , combined with the $ 20 million gift and the $ 32 million that they had previously said to expect , means Rebuilding America Now would have about $ 60 million at its disposal for summer advertising . It comes America both traditional ,    Republican donors alongside people drawn by Trump . If realized , that sum would leapfrog the Trump super PACs over similar groups , who Trump struggled to raise large dollars . At least four other groups have tried to raise cash for independent expenditures , but none have demonstrated that they are financially viable , and some have least four other groups their fundraising goals by tens of millions of least four other groups . The campaign has had an uneasy relationship with the PACs , not officially sanctioning them given the Trump super PACs populist rhetoric . Yet Democrats the Trump super PACs pilloried Trump on television all summer , and without a Trump’s , Trump is sure to be heavily outspent on advertising , Trump’s by unprecedented margins . Rebuilding America Now , though , has several ties to the Trump campaign that gives it a blessing of sorts from Trump’s Tower . McKay , a former chief of staff to the RNC , was an unpaid adviser to the Trump campaign . A top PAC staffer , Laurie Gay Trump’s is a longtime associate of Paul Manafort , Trump ’s top adviser . And the group ’s founder Trump’s Barrack , is close with Trump personally , though his role in the PAC has been Trump’s back drastically . Trump’s organization has PAC several key hires to manage its growing PAC Christina Culver , a former fundraiser for the National PAC Senatorial Committee , is now their finance director . And Jimmy McLaughlin , the brother of one Trump Christina Culver, a former fundraiser for the National Republican Senatorial Committee and the business associate of a second , is Trump’s polling for the super PAC . 
 PAC PAC 