Washington ( CNN ) The United States on Thursday dropped the most powerful    bomb in The United States military arsenal for the first time in history . But President Donald Trump declined to say whether President Donald Trump personally signed off on the use of the     MOAB , also known as the " mother of all bombs , " in a strike on ISIS militants in Afghanistan . " Everybody knows exactly what happens . So , what I do is I authorize our military , " President Donald Trump said when asked whether President Donald Trump authorized a strike on ISIS militants in Afghanistan . " We our given them he authorized the strike authorization and that ’s what they he authorized the strike doing . " Sources told CNN that Gen. John Nicholson , commander of US forces in Afghanistan Afghanistan signed off on the use of the bomb . The White House was informed of the plan before the    aircraft delivered its the   aircraft payload . Trump has given military commanders broader latitude to act independently on several battlefields where US forces are involved , which Trump Trump as making a " tremendous difference " in the fight against ISIS . While Trump Trump comments Thursday suggested that he Trump not personally involved in the decision to drop the bomb , Trump Trump eager to associate himself Trump the bold display of power . Trump Trump the military for the bombing run and called it the bombing run another very , very successful mission . " A senior administration official , who declined to say whether Trump Trump ordered the strike in Afghanistan said , in general , " we A senior administration official, who declined to say whether Trump had ordered the strike in Afghanistan n’t approve every strike , " adding that " this administration has moved further away " from dictating military strategy from the White House .   It this administration a change both the President and Defense Secretary James Mattis wanted , the A senior administration official, who declined to say whether Trump had ordered the strike in Afghanistan .   The bombing in Afghanistan comes Afghanistan week after Trump authorized a US missile strike against a Syrian government air base     the first US strike against the Syrian government in the country Afghanistan civil war . White House press secretary Sean Spicer earlier on Thursday confirmed the strike took the first US strike against the Syrian government in the country targeting " a system of tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters use to move around freely , " but also declined to answer any questions about Trump ’s role in authorizing    use of the MOAB bomb on the battlefield . Spicer also deferred all White House press secretary Sean Spicer earlier on Thursday about the decision to use the bomb and the potential for future uses of the bomb on other the MOAB bomb the Defense Department . 
 