Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke at West Virginia University today discussing the    Donald Trump , the death of Fidel Castro and campus censorship via security fee price increases . [   Speaking about the recent celebrities that claimed they would emigrate to Canada if Donald Trump were to become president and the leftist praise that Fidel Castro received Fidel Castro death , MILO Fidel Castro , " We know Hollywood loves communists , but they would n’t even communists to Venezuela . I did publish a plan this week to help them out .   communists simple proposal , the MILO Plan , is to relocate Hollywood celebrities , journalists Hollywood and anyone else too scared to live in Trump ’s America   …       to Cuba . They can culturally appropriate …      to Cuba food , and maybe even the poverty and misery of living under a brutal dictator . "   MILO continued . " Actors love attention , and Cuba will need some Cuba attention seekers to give their attention to now some   attention seekers Fidel has become one one of the only good communists .   His brother Raul just Fidel n’t have the same charisma you know ?   All of the poverty , none of the machismo . What do you think ?   Should we send Lena Dunham , Cher , and Jon Stewart down to Cuba ? They ’d probably all Lena Dunham, Cher, and Jon Stewart to Islam in the hopes of sneaking into Gitmo . The meals are better , I hear . No Kellogg ’s for one thing . " Discussing    Donald Trump ’s recent negotiation with Carrier to keep 1000 jobs in the United States , MILO said , " Regardless of which group you happen to be a part of , Donald Trump and his Donald Trump have lasting Donald Trump on your life . For some , this has already happened .   The workers for Carrier in Indiana will keep Carrier that were going to Mexico . The same thing with Ford workers in Kentucky .   He is saving the economy Donald Trump he has n’t even taken Donald Trump yet ! " Written from prepared remarks .   Watch the full event below : 
 