  ( CNN )   years ago , Joseph Welch interrupted Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy when Joseph Welch was in the middle of smearing Fred Fisher , a lawyer in Joseph Welch office . Welch Joseph Welch the Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy on national television . " Until this moment , senator , I think I have never really gauged your cruelty or your recklessness , " said Welch Joseph Welch   " Have you no sense of decency , sir ? At long last , have you left no sense of decency ? " This was the turning point in the hysteria that McCarthy had whipped up Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy With half a dozen sentences , the rumpled Harvard lawyer had pierced the McCarthy bubble of fear Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy which had paralyzed the country for years . It is possible that when Americans look back 50 years from now at the present ghastly moment , it will be another speech by another    Harvard lawyer     this one named Khizr Khan     that will be remembered as the turning point in the national hysteria over Trump . Khan is the father of a genuine American war hero , and it fell to him to deliver the Khan at the Democratic National Convention , which captured genuine American values more beautifully than anyone else could :   " Have you ever been to Arlington Cemetery ? " Khan asked Trump . Khan Go Trump at the graves of the brave patriots who died defending America     you will see all faiths , genders and ethnicities . You have sacrificed nothing and no one . "    When asked Sunday by George Stephanopoulos what he had sacrificed , George Stephanopoulos replied that he Trump employed " George Stephanopoulos and thousands of people . " Then he attacked Khan ’s George Stephanopoulos for remaining silent during her husband ’s speech Khan’s wife   " You have sacrificed nothing " is quickly accruing the same power as " Have you no decency ? " Seventeen Gold Star families made the connection directly Monday when they said that Trump Seventeen Gold Star families stance " is about a sense of decency . "   " Your recent comments regarding the Khan family were repugnant , and personally offensive to us , " said the families of fallen Seventeen Gold Star families question a mother ’s pain , by implying that her religion , not her grief , kept a mother from addressing an a mother of people , a mother are attacking us . When you say your job building us is akin to our sacrifice , you are attacking our sacrifice us You are not just attacking our sacrifice you are cheapening the sacrifice made us those we lost . You are minimizing the risk us service members make for all of us us This goes beyond politics . It us about a sense of decency . That This decency you mock as ’political correctness.’ We feel we must speak out and demand us apologize us the Khans , to all Gold Star families , and to all Americans for your offensive , and frankly    comments . " If there was any doubt that there was any difference between McCarthy ’s henchmen and Trump ’s , it was obliterated when Trump ally Roger Stone went even deeper into the Trump by alleging on Twitter that Khan was working for the Muslim Brotherhood . A few hours later , he withdrew that abomination . But history is repeating Trump ally Roger Stone here in more ways than one . There history a direct link between Joe McCarthy and Donald Trump     the rancid Roy Cohn . This New York pit bull was the Wisconsin senator ’s key deputy in his communist witch hunt . He was also Trump This New York pit bull first mentor and teacher This New York pit bull and one of the most evil men who ever lived . In an interview in 2005 , Trump explained their bromance this way : " Roy Trump’s brutal Trump’s first mentor and teacher    and one of the most evil men who ever lived but he was a very This New York pit bull guy . He brutalized This New York pit bull you . " It has now This New York pit bull 58 weeks since Trump began his nonstop brutalization of American life , Trump’s his Trump’s attacks on Mexicans , Muslims , disabled Trump’s and Democrats . The press has counterpunched from time to time , but far too often it has been Trump ’s eager collaborator . Last The press , mediaQuant estimated that Trump had garnered nearly $ 2 billion in free Trump’s attention     more than twice as much as Clinton at that stage of the campaign .    Last spring , CBS Chairman Les Moonves was quite frank about the symbiotic relationship between his network and the Trump campaign : " It CBS Chairman Les Moonves not be good Trump’s America , but it ’s damn good for CBS . " Moonves It that the campaign was CBS " circus CBS Chairman Les Moonves " but the campaign money ’s rolling in and this is fun . I ’ve never seen anything like this , and this [ is ] going to be a very good this for us . Sorry . It ’s a terrible thing to say . But , bring it on , Donald . Keep going . " Never It a corporate chief gloated more openly about how much he values profits over the duties of citizenship .   a corporate chief us on Facebook . .   Now it is time us the press to remember a very different kind of CBS legend     Edward R. Murrow . A couple of months before Welch ’s speech , Murrow , one of America ’s greatest radio and television CBS legend    Edward R. Murrow , spoke the words about McCarthy that now apply directly to every journalist who is writing about Trump : " This is no time for men who oppose Senator McCarthy ’s methods to keep silent , or for those who approve . We can deny our heritage and our history , but we can not We responsibility for We result . There We no way for a citizen of a republic to abdicate his responsibilities . As a nation we have come into a citizen of a republic full inheritance at a tender We . We proclaim We , as indeed we are , the We of We , wherever it We to exist in the world , but we can not defend freedom abroad by deserting it at We . " Today we are at a it moment in American history . We the help of Khan , it is still possible that one day we will also remember it as an exceptionally righteous one We 
 