’Among all the leaders in tech , Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos probably had the most contentious relationship with    Donald Trump during the campaign.’ ’The two publicly criticized each other on many occasions , with   Donald Trump during the campaign.’ .’ ’So the anticipation was high leading up to   when Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos finally got to have Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos first     meeting with Trump.’ ’And judging by the way Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos introduced Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos clearly wants to make nice with Trump now.’ ’"Jeff Bezos , Amazon . com . Super excited about the possibilities this could be the innovation administration , " Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said , as Trump went around the table asking the tech leaders to briefly introduce themselves.’ ’Bezos also sent us this statement:’ ’So for now , it looks as if the two men will let bygones be bygones.’ " Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos certainly put a lot more thought into Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos introduction than some of the other CEOs who just gave the two men title and company name . It ’s perhaps Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos way of showing respect to the    but the    could also be seen as a subtle knock on Trump ’s administration , which is expected to focus more on infrastructure development than on technology innovation . " ’’ " In any case , Bezos has every reason to extend an olive branch with the incoming administration . Amazon has grown so much in recent years that Amazon across areas like sales tax , net neutrality , immigration , and shipping , just to name a few . It Amazon one reason Amazon Amazon significantly   lately . " " Trump ’s response to the tech leaders was encouraging . He Trump them the tech leaders   if they the tech leaders needed anything , applauding the tech sector ’s accomplishments . " ’"I’’m here to help you folks do well . .. we want you to keep going with the incredible innovation , " . " There’ ’s nobody like you in the world . There’ There’ nobody like the people in this room . " ’ " But despite all the nice words that went around , Bezos ’s facial expression , seen below , alongside   ’s Larry Page and Facebook ’s Sheryl Sandberg , did n’t . " ’’ 
 