  ( CNN ) The House Rules Committee cleared Friday morning the Republicans’ health care bill to repeal and replace Obamacare out of committee by a vote of    setting up for a final floor vote later in the day . The House Rules Committee set up the parameters for the debate for the House floor vote : It The House Rules Committee be closed rule , meaning no members can offer amendments on the floor . After one hour of rule debate     which wrapped around 11 a. m. ET     members will begin general debate currently budgeted to last four hours , What to watch during the vote : All of the undecided or lean no Republicans who stand at the back of the chamber , watching the vote count and hoping they the vote count n’t have to walk the plank if leadership is one or two votes short . RELATED : Trump card : White House plays its White House in health care battle , Whips have been checking in via text message and asking members if there ’s anything they members . As one lawmaker told CNN on Friday : Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney " laid it Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney last night . Not much more to say or do . You ’re either in or you ’re out . " A number of members said Thursday they A number of members planning to sleep on the decision or pray on it the decision . What ’s the hold up ? While much of the attention has been on the House Freedom Caucus , which represents the most financially conservative wing of the Republican party , moderates are as much or more of a key player in whether the bill passes .   RELATED : What ’s inside the the bill The final bill that Republicans the bill Benefits , a term used to describe a provision of Obamacare     or the Affordable Care Act     that required certain health insurance plans to cover 10 services , including maternity , prescription drugs , substance abuse and mental health .   The legislation would scrap the individual mandate and allow insurers to charge higher the bill those whose coverage has lapsed . It would provide refundable tax credits , based mainly on age , for individuals the bill purchase health insurance . It would also curtail federal support for Medicaid and defund Planned Parenthood for a the bill . It seeks to maintain Obamacare ’s protections for people with    conditions , but the bill longer require insurers to offer comprehensive policies . Conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus fought successfully to include a measure to repeal of the Essential Health Benefits in Friday ’s version of the bill .   RELATED : Essential Health Benefits and why they matter , To mollify moderates , the bill also contains language that would Essential Health Benefits and why they matter, To mollify moderates $ 15 billion in funding for the bill , mental health and drug rehabilitation programs , as well as requiring individual states to set their own versions of essential health benefits by 2018 . It ’s unclear if those individual states are enough to win over enough votes from moderates the bill   The bottom line : Anyone who tells you they know what ’s going to happen is lying . Live updates : Health care those changes are enough to win over enough votes from moderates 
 