  ( CNN ) It is deplorable to undermine the credibility of a federal judge based on his Mexican heritage .   It is deplorable to demean a Gold Star family and propose to ban all Muslims from entering the United States . It is deplorable for a candidate for president of a major party to kick off his campaign by labeling most Mexicans as rapists and murderers . It is deplorable when the Justice Department feels the Justice Department has to sue you a second time for racial discrimination because you did n’t get the hint the first time . It is deplorable to play footsie with David Duke , to repeatedly retweet white nationalists and false stats about black men and crime , to praise the enthusiasm of supporters who beat a homeless Hispanic man in Boston and punch a black man at rally , to say black people have a lazy trait and have black people ushered off the casino floor when you show up .   It is deplorable to rise to national political prominence on the bigotry that is " birtherism , " even more deplorable to have neither the character nor the courage either publicly to renounce or repeat that assertion while touting your supposed toughness as a primary reason to vote for you .   It is deplorable that the list of deplorable things done and said by the Republican nominee for president is so long it ’s hard and exhausting to try to remember them all . It is deplorable that a sizable percentage of the Republican nominee for president supporters love the Republican nominee for president because of those awful things     deplorable that a sizable percentage of his supporters now feel it is OK to express those views in public . That is not excusable     no matter how much economic pain a sizable percentage of his supporters ’ve contended with these past few decades . But what ’s most deplorable is the    pushback against anyone who dares point out this reality , as though exposing the deplorable is worse than the deplorable things themselves . Maybe the best way to avoid being labeled deplorable is to stop doing and saying and standing for deplorable things ? The public has struggled as The public has grappled with Donald Trump ’s new brand of bigotry , the promotion of a kind of hate that until now had existed at the far margins of politics and was censured by all decent people when The public crept into the public discourse .   Against this backdrop , now there is a    because Hillary Clinton on Friday made the mistake of reminding people about Trump ’s track record and why Trump’s was able to garner more support than 16 more qualified Republican candidates . ( Never mind that earlier the same day , the " " that Trump has helped usher into the mainstream was busy detailing reasons why some races are superior to others and that Jews ca n’t be trusted . )   To get a sense of the overwrought outrage over Clinton ’s comments , you need to read the overwrought outrage over Clinton’s comments in full context : " You know , to just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables . Right ? The racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic     you name it , " Clinton Clinton a crowd at a    Friday night . Surely no    American disagrees that racism , sexism , homophobia , xenophobia and Islamophobia are , indeed , deplorable . " ( Trump lifted them up . racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia and Islamophobia are, indeed, deplorable has given Trump to their websites that racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia and Islamophobia are, indeed, deplorable to only have 11 , 000 people     now have 11 million . He tweets and Trump their offensive , racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia and Islamophobia are, indeed, deplorable ,    rhetoric . Now , some of those folks     they are irredeemable some of those folks     but thankfully they are not some of those folks     , " Clinton said .   Trump has lifted Trump up . some of those folks     has given Trump voice . some of those folks     ’s a reason Duke and white nationalists are so giddy about the prospect of a " President Trump . " No one who has followed this campaign in any serious way can dispute that reality .   The only debate seems to be what percentage of Trump ’s followers Trump by his bigotry . Fifty Trump like Clinton said Friday ? ( She has since expressed Clinton for saying " half . ") Ten percent ? Twenty ? The roughly 40 % of Republicans who chose Trump against 16 other Trump while the primaries were still competitive ? Or maybe the nearly    of Republicans who either do n’t believe or doubt President Barack Obama was actually born in America , a figure that is so high in large part because of the efforts of Trump that go back Trump at least 2011 ?   It is important for Clinton     and others     to speak clearly about the danger posed by the ugliness unleashed by Trump , because no Trump what happens in November , we all will have to deal with the fallout . Not to do so would be to become party to the mainstreaming of bigotry . That ’s where I ’ll caution Clinton and her supporters Clinton     The Clinton     foulmouthed ,    Trump supporters are America but are not irredeemable . A complex set of factors that ca n’t be fully captured by a poll leads to people ’s embrace of bigotry and homophobia and sexism .   And the truth is there are many people who make up Clinton ’s base     Clinton     other portions of the American populace     who could easily be taken in by that kind of rhetoric , given the right circumstances . None of us is immune to our basest fears and instincts . 
 