’   ’ "    Bill Clinton created a very personal portrait of Bill Clinton wife ,    Hillary , who earlier was officially chosen to be the Democratic    presidential nominee , when he spoke at the party ’s convention    Tuesday night . " ’    he talked of meeting Hillary and courting Hillary when they were both    in law school at Yale University . ’ ’    " The first time I saw Hillary , we were , appropriately enough , in a    class on political and civil rights , " he told an audience at the    Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . " Hillary exuded this    sense of strength and    that I found magnetic . " ’ "    Bill could n’t manage to work up the nerve to introduce   Bill ,      Bill said , and one day Hillary caught   Bill staring at Hillary in the    library . " ’    " Hillary said , ’’ Look , if you’’re going to keep staring at Hillary , and now    I’’m staring back , we at least ought to know each other’ ’s names .    I’’m Hillary Rodham , who are you ? ’’ " Bill recounted . " I was so    impressed and surprised that , would you believe    or not ,    momentarily , I was speechless . " ’ ’’ ’    Bill reminisced about taking long walks with her and meeting her    family . Bill remembered the flowery skirt her was wearing when Bill    saw her again after that meeting in the library . And Bill explained    how it took some convincing for Hillary to marry Bill because Hillary    was so ambitious with Hillary career . ’ ’    " I had married my best friend , " Bill said . " I was still in awe    after more than four years of being around Hillary at how smart and    strong and loving and caring Hillary was , and I really hoped that Hillary    choosing me and rejecting my advice to pursue Hillary own career was    a decision Hillary would never regret . " ’ ’    Bill also characterized Hillary as a change agent . ’ ’    " This is a really important point to take out of this    convention , " Bill said . " If you believe in making change from the    bottom up    …      you know , it’ ’s hard , and some people think it’ ’s    boring . Speeches like this are fun . Actually doing the work is    hard . " ’ ’    Hillary is often criticized for being a " career politician " at a    time when many Americans are rejecting the political    establishment . The rise of Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who    challenged Hillary for the Democratic nomination , and of this    year’ ’s Republican nominee , Donald Trump , are evidence of voters ’’    desire to see an unconventional leader in the White House . ’ ’    But Bill tried to make the case that Hillary had always pushed    for change in Hillary political career and that Hillary had a track    record of accomplishments . ’ ’    " I hear people say , ’’ people need a change   —    she’ ’s been around a long    time . ’’ she’ has , " Bill said . " But she’ ’s been worth every single    year she’ ’s put into making people’ ’s lives better . " ’ ’    she’ continued : " I can tell you this . If you were sitting where I’’m    sitting and you heard what I have heard at every dinner    conversation , every lunch conversation , every long walk , you    would say that she’ had never been satisfied with the    status quo on anything . She she’ always wanted to move the ball    forward . That is just who she she’ . " ’ ’    Bill also characterized her she’ " insatiably curious , " a " natural    leader , " a " good organizer , " and " the best darn   " he Bill had ever seen . ’ ’ ’    Bill contrasted the message of the Democratic convention   —      which has been overwhelmingly positive and optimistic   —    with the      caricature that was amplified at the Republican    convention , which was held last week in Cleveland . ’ ’    " How does this square with the things that you heard at the    Republican convention ? " he Bill . " One is real   —    the other is    made up    …      We just have to decide which is which , my fellow    Americans . " ’ 
 