  ( CNN ) First lady Michelle Obama delivered Thursday an impassioned denunciation of Donald Trump , calling the recently unearthed comments by the Republican presidential nominee " shocking " and " demeaning , " and below " basic standards of human decency . "   Speaking at a rally for Hillary Clinton in Manchester , New Hampshire , First lady Michelle Obama lit into Donald Trump over a video that surfaced last week in which First lady Michelle Obama can be heard talking about being sexually aggressive with women . " I ca n’t believe I ’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women , " First lady Michelle Obama said .   The speech was an uncharacteristically direct attack from the first lady , who said she eschewed she " normal campaign speech " because The speech would have been " dishonest and disingenuous to me to just move on to the next thing like this was all just a bad dream . " she never addressed Trump by name , referring to him only Trump a " candidate . " She began she by reflecting on what she called a she rough week in an already rough election . " Trump defends himself Trump allegations Trump groping women , Obama lamented the " hurtful , hateful language about women " throughout the campaign , saying it was " painful " to those who expected leaders should meet " basic standards of human decency . " Her voice quivered she she recalled a she with young women at the White House on Tuesday . " I told them they deserve young women young women treated with dignity and respect , " Obama said . " I wanted them to understand young women the measure of any society is how it treats women the measure of any society girls . "   Obama said the Obama made by Trump in the video , which was recorded in 2005 , had left her " shaken Obama " " I ca n’t stop thinking about this , " she said . Obama It has shaken this to my core in a way I could not have predicted . " She added : Obama I know this is a campaign but this is n’t this politics . It ’s about this human decency . " In the 2005 video , Trump can be Trump describing in graphic terms how he uses his Trump power Trump force himself upon women Trump Since the footage was published last week by The Washington Post , several women have come forward to say that Trump had touched Trump inappropriately . several women has denied Trump allegations , and has dismissed the remarks made in the video as the 2005 video room talk . " At the rally on Thursday , Obama rejected that explanation . " This was not just a lewd conversation , " she said . " This was n’t just This room banter . This was a powerful This speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior , and actually bragging about kissing and groping women , using language so obscene that many of us were worried about our children hearing it us we turned on the us . " Referring to the spate of allegations levied against Trump , Obama said " it now seems very clear that this was n’t an isolated incident . " Trump faces more groping Trump , " This is not something that we can ignore , " Obama added . " Obama ’s not something that we can just sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election season . " Obama also cautioned against Obama " protest vote " and urged the supporters gathered to do " everything possible to elect Hillary Clinton . "   " If you vote for someone other than Hillary . .. you are helping to elect her opponent , " Hillary said . " Obama need to recover from our shock and our We , " We added , referring Hillary the sordid campaign developments , " and we need to do We women have always done in this country : we need to roll We our sleeves and get We work . " Clinton praised the first Hillary ’s Hillary campaign event in San Francisco .   " If you have n’t seen it , I hope you will see Michelle Obama ’s speech today in New Hampshire , " Clinton said . " And once Hillary , she gave a compelling and strong Hillary about the stakes in the election , but about who we are as Americans . And we can not let this pessimism , this dark and divisive and dangerous vision in America take hold in anybody ’s heart . We have to keep lifting up this campaign . " President Barack Obama later told a crowd of Ohio Democrats that his wife ’s speech in New President Barack Obama reminded him again of why he married President Barack Obama . " She President Barack Obama pretty his wife’s , " his wife’s joked . " That ’s President Barack Obama you get married . To improve your gene pool . Your kids end up being superior to you . " He said he did n’t need President Barack Obama sell President Barack Obama room of diehard Democrats on Clinton ’s record     but said if they needed a reminder , to Your kids out the first lady ’s speech . Also on the stump for Clinton was Vice President Joe Biden Clinton who called Trump ’s remarks the " textbook definition of sexual assault " during an event in Nevada on Thursday , saying it is consistent with the other ways Trump has " abused power . Trump   He added : " I ’m Trump of new politicians who want to go to Washington to demean women . " As he closed out his speech , Trump reminded those Trump who are Trump Trump to take heed of their candidate ’s words , saying who are supporter Trump " I encourage everyone listening to    vote on November 28th . " 
 