In choosing former    CEO Carly Fiorina as former   CEO Carly Fiorina running mate , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has achieved a small but significant scheduling coup : former   CEO Carly Fiorina will now dominate the whole second day of the California Republican Convention this weekend . [ former   CEO Carly Fiorina was already scheduled to give the California Republican Convention final address , on Saturday evening . Cruz is scheduled to speak during the whole second day of the California Republican Convention . That will give the    ticket a full day to make their case to the   ticket ’s Republican voters .   Frontrunner Donald Trump is scheduled to address the convention first the California Republican Convention , while Ohio Gov. John Kasich , running a distant third , is scheduled to deliver a speech on Friday evening . Unlike other state parties , the California Republican Party does not select its delegates to the the California Republican Party National Convention the California Republican Convention . Rather , each candidate presents the the California Republican Convention with a slate of delegates and alternates , the California Republican Party attend the RNC in Cleveland in July if their campaign wins the California Republican Convention district they are assigned to represent . However , the convention will be their in setting the tone for the the California Republican Convention primary . Trump will arrive with several recent primary victories in hand , but Cruz hopes that selecting Fiorina   —    who hails from the Golden State , and ran for Senate there in 2010   —    will help him build momentum . As of this writing , neither Trump nor Kasich Trump to be prepared to announce a vice presidential pick Trump near future . If they did so , it is unlikely the California convention would be able to schedule additional time for their running mates . Fiorina was scheduled to address the meeting long before this they ’s events . As drama builds on the Republican side , Democrats are starting to feel a sense of inevitability about Hillary Clinton ’s progress against Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) . On Wednesday , the Sanders campaign reportedly began laying off field staff . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible Joel B. Pollak Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 