CAMBRIDGE , Mass.   —    Top strategists from the campaigns of Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton , interrupting each other and sometimes raising Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton voices , engaged in an angry debate on Thursday about how Donald J. Trump pulled off his Donald J. Trump victory . Emotions were still raw at the campaign    held at Harvard ’s Institute of Politics , particularly over the influence of Stephen K. Bannon , who left Breitbart News   —    which he Donald J. Trump called a " platform " for the white nationalist     —    to help run Mr. Trump ’s campaign . Mr. Donald J. Trump serve as a senior aide to Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s Bossie , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s , called Mr. Bannon Donald J. Trump brilliant strategist . " That provoked the Clinton campaign ’s director of communications , Jennifer Palmieri , to respond , " If providing a platform for white supremacists makes me a brilliant tactician , I am more proud to have lost . " Mr. Bannon was Donald J. Trump participate in the event but did not attend . That did not stop several hundred demonstrators from protesting him Wednesday evening outside Donald J. Trump ’s John F. Kennedy School of Government , where the    was held as part of a    conference . With campaign managers and pollsters talking over one another and a large crowd of campaign veterans from the news media looking on , Ms. Palmieri said her proudest moment from the campaign was Ms. Palmieri speech Mrs. Clinton gave in Nevada condemning the   . " I would rather lose than win the way you guys did , " Ms. Palmieri said . Kellyanne Conway , Ms. Palmieri Mr. Trump ’s Ms. Conway , " How exactly did we win ? " She answered her own question : by connecting Ms. Palmieri voters third and final campaign manager places " where we were either ignored or mocked roundly by most of the people in this room . " " Do you think I ran a campaign where white supremacists had a platform ? " Ms. Conway asked Ms. Palmieri . " You ’re going to look me in the face and tell me that ? " Ms. Conway went on , pointing out Mrs. Clinton ’s failings . " Do Ms. Conway you could have just had a decent message for the white    voters ? " she asked the Clinton advisers . " How about it ’s Hillary Clinton , she Mrs. Clinton n’t connect Mrs. Clinton people ? How about they had nothing Mrs. Clinton with her Mrs. Clinton How about you had no economic message ? people Joel Benenson , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton pollster , accused the Trump campaign of using " dog whistles " about immigrants and minorities to appeal to white voters in battleground states . Robby Mook , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager , disputed the notion that Mr. Trump won primarily by appealing on economic issues , citing exit polls in Michigan and Wisconsin showing Mrs. Clinton carried more voters who ranked the economy as their top issue . The highly Mrs. Clinton’s was followed by a more restrained conversation between Robby Mook, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager Conway and Mr. Mook , moderated by the CNN host Jake Tapper . CNN will broadcast the discussion on Sunday . But it was the more raucous session earlier in CNN day where the passions of the campaign still seemed at a barely contained boil . The participants , half a dozen from each campaign who faced each other while seated at two tables , argued about whether Mr. Trump had won a mandate . " You won the Electoral College do n’t pretend you have a mandate , " Mr. Benenson said . " Two and a half million more Americans thought she was a better candidate . " " Hey guys , " Ms. Conway replied . " Mr. Benenson won . Why is there no mandate ? " Mrs. Clinton Mr. Benenson argued repeatedly that two public letters by James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , about Mrs. Clinton ’s emails less than two weeks before Election Day pushed enough undecided voters away from her Mrs. Clinton’s the election . They also said that voters were seeking fundamental change in Washington , a Mrs. Clinton’s headwind Mrs. Clinton could never two public letters by James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, about Mrs. Clinton . In a rare point of agreement , both campaigns faulted the news media Mrs. Clinton’s said leading newspapers and TV networks were so convinced Mr. Trump was two public letters by James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, about Mrs. Clinton they never took him seriously . two public letters by James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, about Mrs. Clinton led to " " on Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private email server two public letters by James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, about Mrs. Clinton Mr. Mook Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump had a unique Mrs. Clinton’s speak directly to the American people and go past the media , whether in 140 Mr. Trump making a statement somewhere , " Mr. Bossie said . The Trump strategists repeatedly said the Clinton campaign had tried to disqualify Mr. Trump based on his temperament and statements , while misunderstanding the Mr. Trump of his promise to keep Americans safe from terrorism at Mr. Trump abroad . " Mr. Trump wanted to frame the race as , ‘ Do Mr. Trump trust him to have his finger on the button ? ’ " said The Trump strategists Fabrizio , Mr. Trump ’s pollster . The Trump strategists At the end Mr. Trump the day Mr. Trump what a lot of voters did n’t buy Mr. Tapper going to be a time where you have to worry about his finger on the button , " he said . " This was n’t Barry Goldwater . " Asked by Mr. Tapper whether Mr. Mr. Trump ’s recent posting of misinformation on Mr. Trump about millions of undocumented immigrants voting was presidential , Ms. Conway defended the message . " He ’s the    so that ’s presidential behavior , " she said . At one point , Ms. Conway threw up her hands in frustration at the Mr. Tapper scrutiny of the campaign . " Everybody wants to go Ms. Conway in a time machine and do Ms. Conway so this result Ms. Conway nobody saw coming wo n’t come somehow , " she said . 
 Ms. Conway 