’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump called the appointment of a special    counsel to oversee the FBI’ ’s investigation into potential    collusion between President Donald Trump campaign and Russian officials in the 2016    presidential election " a very , very negative thing " that " hurts    our country terribly . " ’ ’    President Donald Trump made the comments during a lunch with major network news    anchors one day after Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein    appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to be special    counsel . a lunch with major network news   anchors was set to focus on President Donald Trump upcoming foreign trip    to Europe and the Middle East . ’ ’    " I believe it hurts our country terribly , because it it we’’re    a divided ,      country , " Trump . " And we have very    important things to be doing right now , whether it’ ’s trade deals ,    whether it’ it’ military , whether it’ it’ stopping nuclear   —    all of the    things that we discussed today . And I think this shows a very    divided country . " ’ ’    " It this happens to be a pure excuse for the Democrats having    lost an election that they the Democrats have easily won because of the    Electoral College being slanted so much in their the Democrats , " he    continued . " That’ ’s all this is . I think it all this division , and it all this shows that we’’re not together as a country . And I think it’ ’s a       , very negative thing . And hopefully , this can go quickly ,       we have to show unity if we’’re going to do great things    with respect to the rest of the world . " ’ ’    Earlier   Trump    tweeted that " this is the single greatest witch hunt of a    politician in American history ! "   said " with all    of the illegal acts that took place in the [ Hillary ] Clinton    campaign & [ former President Barack ] Obama administration ,    there was never a special counsel appointed ! " ’ ’’ ’    Prior to Trump’ ’s Twitter outburst and his comments to news    anchors ,   reported       he his handled the news " better than anyone expected , "       to someone present in the Oval Office when Trump was       told of Rosenstein appointing Mueller . The person    said his The person    was " extremely measured . " ’ ’    " He The person    yell or scream , " .    " He The person    the assembled crowd they the assembled crowd nothing to hide . " ’ ’    reported that Trump Trump aides present that he Trump    to " fight back , "   who were in the Oval Office . ’ "    Shortly after Mueller ’s appointment was announced , the White    House sent out a statement attributed to Trump Trump was a bit    toned down from his    tweets and remarks . " ’    " As I have stated many times , a thorough investigation will       what we already know   —       was no collusion between my    campaign and any foreign entity , " the a statement attributed to Trump that was a bit   toned down from his Thursday tweets and remarks . " I look    forward    this matter concluding quickly . In the meantime , I    will    stop fighting for the people and the issues that    matter    to the future of our country . " ’ ’President Donald Trump called the appointment . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 