’   ’ ’    Last year , Russia approved the renewals of    six trademarks for President Donald Trump that were about to    expire ,   on Sunday . ’ ’    Four of those renewals the renewals of   six trademarks for President Donald Trump that were about to   expire registered by Russia on    Election Day .   ’ "    The Times found that the Kremlin approved applications for the    trademarks’ renewal beginning in April 2016 and ending in    December of that year , according to records maintained by    Rospatent , Russia ’s government agency which oversees    intellectual property . " ’    The trademarks were originally obtained between 1996 and 2007 ,    but they had gone The trademarks . Each of the trademarks was The trademarks      extension in 2016 , the investigation found .   ’ ’    Trump has repeatedly said that he has no remaining Trump    deals in or involving Russia .   Russia ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    The Times noted that nothing in the records maintained by    Rospatent indicates Trump was shown particular Trump    when trademarks bearing his name were approved Trump renewal .    However , intellectual    law experts said that    renewals are not    and can be difficult to obtain    when trademarks have    unused for a long period of time ,    like Trump ’s    . Trump " "    While it was    Trump ’s trademarks in Trump the Russian    government was also engaged in an active hacking campaign to    undermine the election .    US intelligence community concluded    with high confidence that    operatives specifically    targeted the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary    Clinton campaign in an effort to subvert Clinton ’s candidacy    and propel    Trump to victory . Intelligence agencies    also confirmed that Russian hackers designed an elaborate    online fake news and disinformation campaign focused on    disseminating false information about Clinton in order to swing Clinton votes toward Trump . " ’     Trump ’   ’ "    In addition to investigating Russia ’s role in meddling in the    2016 election , Congress and the FBI are also looking into any    potential collusion between Trump associates and the Kremlin   Trump    hand Trump the presidency      " "    The Russia probes picked up steam Russia Trump abruptly fired    former   Trump director James Comey   the FBI    who was spearheading the FBI ’s    investigation into the Trump campaign ’s ties to   Trump   —    in Russia May. A slew of media reports published after the fact raised    questions about Trump ’s motivations    firing   Trump and legal    experts touched on the possibility that Trump may have   if he   Trump Comey specifically    because   Trump the Russia investigation .   " ’    Last week ,   that FBI special counsel    Robert Mueller is investigating Trump for . In an apparent   Trump the report , Trump     on Friday ,    "   Trump   ’ ’    " Then why did he say he was [ under investigation ] ? Robert Mueller Todd Robert Mueller .    " I mean , was this just   ? Are we not to take him at his    word ? " ’ ’ Robert Mueller Sekulow Robert Mueller that Todd was " reading more to the tweet than Todd what’ ’s there . " ’ ’A New York Times investigation found that . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 