Cleveland ( CNN ) A Virginia Republican delegate fighting to vote against Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention next week won a critical court battle Monday , but still faces a series of obstacles . A Virginia Republican delegate fighting to vote against Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention next week is a win for    delegates , but it A Virginia Republican delegate fighting to vote against Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention next week removes one hurdle in their attempt to break free from voting for Trump Donald Trump   The A Virginia Republican delegate fighting to vote against Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention next week down Virginia ’s ability to fine any delegates that do n’t vote with the primary ’s results , but it says A Virginia Republican delegate fighting to vote against Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention next week about whether the Republican Convention delegates will adopt rules mandating delegates adhere to primary results     the biggest challenge in their path delegates A federal judge ruled that a Virginia state Virginia fining Republican delegates up $ 2 , 500 if they did Republican delegates vote for the winner of the state primary overstepped the boundaries between the state and political parties .   " It ’s amazing . This is not just a victory in Virginia for Virginia , but this is This victory for delegates all over the country who want to vote their consciences , " said Beau Correll , the Republican delegate who filed the suit as part of a broader push by    delegates to derail his nomination next week . Correll said the decision , which removes one tool that party leaders and the Trump campaign had to enforce primary results , will embolden    delegates in the other states that have similar provisions . He said Correll however , that he did Correll think additional lawsuits were planned in those states the other states that have similar provisions side sought to spin the ruling as proof they were winning Each side broader argument over whether delegates will be committed or not to voting for Trump next Trump .   Trump campaign lawyer Don McGahn said the decision proved their argument that delegates are already committed to voting for Trump . Trump " The court did not buy what Curly Haugland was selling , and noted that his testimony has Curly Haugland support in the rule ’s text and was contradicted by his own book Curly Haugland Unbound , " McGahn said in Trump campaign lawyer Don McGahn statement .   But Haugland said Monday Curly Haugland the ruling proved his argument that Curly Haugland are not bound to voting for any candidate right now .   " We all knew that , did n’t we ? " We all said Monday Curly Haugland " Monday kind of changes the tune about a lot of these Rule 16 delegate binding proponents . " 
 