National Review columnist John Fund joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about SiriusXM host Alex Marlow recent article , " If Hillary Wins , We ’ll Have a Potential Blackmail Target in the White House . " [ " Well , the FBI has certainly managed to muddle the waters , " Fund observed , responding to Sunday ’s letter from FBI Director James Comey to Congress that the Bureau stood by the Bureau earlier decision not to recommend indictments against Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information .    Fund noted that FBI Director James Comey letter was silent on the subject of whether top Clinton Hillary Clinton , such as Huma Abedin , could yet face prosecution .   " And , of course , we now know what we we n’t know a week ago : there is an ongoing ,    FBI probe of the Clinton Foundation , " he   FBI . " So I believe the FBI   FBI goes on into the the Clinton Foundation rather than the emails . " " Do you predict the media will try to make this seem as though the Clintons are completely exonerated from their corruption charges the Clintons " Marlow asked . " I think you ’ve already stated their conclusion , the Clintons Fund replied . " We have never had a case in which a presidential candidate has so exposed national security secrets , " he said . a presidential candidate The FBI is apparently almost 99 percent convinced that Hillary Clinton ’s private server was hacked into by one or more foreign powers . This is unprecedented , and as of today , WikiLeaks has reported all kinds of things about Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s    but I think with a single exception , there ’s not been one email from Hillary Clinton in that batch Hillary Clinton’s , 50 , 000 emails WikiLeaks Well , what that means is , if someone hacked into her server , they have her someone . If someone hacked into her server have someone emails , they someone hacked into her server n’t her emails before someone hacked into her server election , which means they have her emails ’re going to have them after they have her emails election . That ’s they have her emails leverage the election " I think it ’s very chilling because there ’s an That parallel to this , " Fund continued . " In the 1990s , Bill Clinton had all kinds of   —      shall we say ?   —     inappropriate conversations over insecure phone lines with Monica Lewinsky . Those were captured by Chinese , Russian , and Israeli , and British intelligence , and there is some evidence that at least one of those powers tried to blackmail Bill Clinton over the Monica Lewinsky affair . Bill Clinton Bill Clinton went Monica Lewinsky lengths to conceal that Bill Clinton It took nine months and a stained dress the Monica Lewinsky affair to actually tell the truth . " Marlow noted Bill Clinton Fund commemorated the passing of former Attorney General Janet Reno at 78 on Monday morning , after a long battle with Parkinson ’s disease , with a tweet that said , " She had her problems , but she was a paragon of virtue Marlow to Marlow Holder and Loretta Marlow . " " Janet Reno was a liberal attorney general and certainly pursued those causes former Attorney General Janet Reno Fund elaborated . " However , there was a statute in the 1990s that required her , when there was a clear conflict of interest , to Marlow the special prosecutor . She appointed six or seven in the first term of the Clinton Marlow . She did her duty . Despite the fact the White House was Marlow upset Marlow her and did n’t want to appoint her to a second term Marlow they had to because it would Marlow looked as if it was almost the White House of justice to the White House the attorney general that was the White House all these special prosecutors . " " Contrast that with the behavior of Eric Holder or Loretta Lynch , " he suggested , " Eric Holder , who literally was held in contempt Eric Holder Congress for withholding documents in the Fast and Furious probe that Breitbart has certainly written a lot about , and Loretta Lynch , who had a secret    meeting on an airport tarmac in Arizona with Bill Clinton , who was the husband of the presidential candidate at the time , and was the target through the Clinton Foundation probe of an ongoing FBI investigation . It boggles the mind , the politicization . Janet Reno was a paragon of virtue compared to those two figures . " Fund laid out his plans for election night , noting that " people want to know what ’s happening early , so the polls that close earliest are the best for doing that . " " Indiana is going to close very early . Watch the Senate race in Indiana , " he advised . " If Evan Bayh , the former Indiana senator , his a comeback   —    and he ’s had a lot of scandals in his campaign   —    his it ’s going to be a very his night for the Democrats . " " Then you move on to Kentucky . Watch those counties in eastern Kentucky , which are     white counties . See how big the turnout is there . That ’ll be an indicator of how much of a ‘ silent Trump vote’ might be forming , " he continued . " Florida is very key . If Hillary Clinton takes Trump vote’ or North Carolina early on , I think the dirge music for Florida Trump will start playing early . If Trump carries North Carolina , which Romney carried in 2012 , and carries Donald Trump   North Carolina which is an enormous 29 electoral votes   — Florida it ’ll be a much longer night , " he predicted . " If you take the average of all the polls , Donald Trump state and national , it looks as if Hillary Clinton has a clear but slight lead , " Fund observed . " The polls have margins of error , and they certainly were wrong by about two points in 2012 , so you do The polls want to go to the bank on them . However , turnout is key . Early voting I think has clearly The polls the Democrats . They have an enormous machine designed to drive people to the polls . " Early voting " I think the whole question of whether or The polls voting is a good idea has been brought into sharp relief this time because of the FBI investigation announcement just two weeks before the election . I think we should vote on Election Day , " he declared . " It would be ironic indeed , and it may be probable , that Donald Trump wins on Election Day , but loses It of the Democratic turnout machine in early voting . Election Day explained that much of the Democrat vote is concentrated in urban areas .   " Those are very    areas . It makes it very easy to use existing political machines in places like Chicago , and Philadelphia , It Detroit . You go to the local political organizations and say , ‘ Here ’s some street money . Here ’s $ 250 , $ 300 . Your job is to produce a certain number of votes from your district , and if you get that , you ’ll get a bonus . If you do n’t , well , we may not hire you next time.’ So there ’s an enormous incentive for people to literally go    . Starting at eight or nine o’clock in the morning , they knock on doors : ‘ Have you voted ? Have you voted?’ Then they come back at eleven : ‘ they you voted?’ At two o’clock , five o’clock they " he said .   " And then voted?’ of course , they organize buses to where voted?’ people congregate to take them to the polls . There they some allegations in places that , well , maybe they buses visit more than one polling location , and maybe people are handed slips of paper saying , ‘ Here ’s the name you ’re gon na use to vote at this polling place , as opposed to the last polling place,’ " said Fund . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 