  ( CNN ) A gay man is suing a funeral home in Mississippi , alleging that it refused to cremate A gay man husband because it did not " deal with their kind . "   John " Jack " Zawadski , 82 , and A gay man nephew filed a lawsuit against the Picayune Funeral Home ’s owners seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress .   a lawsuit against the Picayune Funeral Home’s owners seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress accuses them a lawsuit against the Picayune Funeral Home’s owners seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress backing out of a verbal agreement to provide final services for Zawadski ’s husband , Robert Huskey , in May 2016 after discovering he was gay . The reversal compounded the family ’s grief and left them the family’s grief for alternatives . The only provider they the family’s grief find was 90 miles away , the a lawsuit against the Picayune Funeral Home’s owners seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress , leading the family the family’s Huskey ’s memorial .   The funeral home denied all the claims in a response to the lawsuit a lawsuit against the Picayune Funeral Home’s owners seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress left at the funeral home were The funeral home night .   The lawsuit , filed in March and announced Tuesday by law firm Lambda Legal , comes at a contentious time for the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Americans . There ’s no federal law that protects LGBT people from discrimination , leading Democrats to introduce the Equality Act of 2017 Tuesday .   The bill is Tuesday to override the Equality Act of 2017 measures such as the one Mississippi tried to enact in 2016 that would effectively legalize the treatment Zawadski said he experienced . Moreover , advocacy groups the treatment Zawadski President Trump is considering an executive order that would create such religious exemptions . " I felt as if all the air had been knocked out of me , " Zawadski said in a statement . " Zawadski was my life , and we the treatment Zawadski always felt so welcome in this community . And then , at a moment of such personal pain and loss , to have someone do what they did to me , to us , to Bob me I just we n’t believe the treatment Zawadski . No one should be put through what we were put through . " Zawadski we Huskey met in 1965 in Zawadski . They moved around the country , teaching Zawadski and Huskey education classes and running an apple orchard , before retiring in Picayune , Mississippi in 1997 , for the friendly neighbors and warm climate , the lawsuit states . They finally married in July 2015 , Zawadski and Huskey after the Supreme Court legalized    marriage settled . Less than two months later , Huskey ’s health began to deteriorate and he moved into a nursing home . Huskey’s As Huskey ’s death became imminent in 2016 Huskey’s made arrangements with Picayune Funeral Home Huskey’s transport his uncle ’s body from the nursing home his nephew the time came . He chose the funeral home for its location his nephew    crematorium to ensure Huskey ’s body would not have to be his uncle’s body necessary . It was also important to the couple that the funeral home be near their community so friends could gather for a memorial luncheon after the cremation , the lawsuit says . Their nephew , John Gaspari , spoke with an employee friends entered into a verbal agreement to transport Huskey ’s body from the nursing home to the funeral Huskey and related services . The day before the funeral home May 10 , 2016 , he called again to Huskey them know Huskey would likely pass away Huskey the next 24 hours . Again Their nephew, John Gaspari the lawsuit claims , a representative assured him " all that was needed was a call from the nursing Huskey when Bob passed away " and they would take care of everything .   After his uncle ’s death , Their nephew, John Gaspari said the nursing home contacted him and told Bob the funeral home " adamantly " refused to provide services his uncle learning through his uncle the nursing home ’s spouse was male , according to the lawsuit . The nursing home told Gaspari the funeral said it did not " deal with their kind the nursing home lawsuit says . Furthermore funeral nursing the nursing home representative said the body needed to funeral moved immediately because the lawsuit not have a morgue on site .   The news the lawsuit frantic search for another funeral home with the lawsuit    crematorium that led the family to Hattiesburg , Mississippi , some 90 miles away . The " turmoil and exigency " created by the funeral home " permanently marred the memory of Bob ’s otherwise peaceful passing , " the lawsuit states .   " Because of the added distance of the alternative funeral home and the last minute rush to find alternate arrangements after defendants left them in the lurch , John and Jack were unable to gather friends in the community , as had been their defendants plan , to honor Bob and support them in their grief . " The lawsuit requests a jury trial John and Jack unspecified monetary damages . 
 Bob John and Jack John and Jack 