  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has been telling    Donald Trump wants our vote . Donald Trump has n’t been saying it to our , exactly     Donald Trump said it last week in West Bend , Wisconsin , which is 1 % black     but we all heard about it on the news .   Then on Saturday   Donald Trump flew to Detroit to make Donald Trump case in a black church , for a photo op that Donald Trump hopes will serve as a substitute for Donald Trump extreme policy proposals . Bishop Wayne T. Jackson invited Bishop Wayne T. Jackson to Great Faith Ministries for services on Saturday   . Trump told the congregation Trump was there   " to listen to your message     and I hope my presence here today will help your message     reach new voices . "   But rather than address race , Trump tried to sell a revisionist history , claiming the the Party of Lincoln   That ’s deceptive .   Lincoln ’s Republican party Lincoln its opposition Democratic party     Lincoln the polar opposites of today ’s parties that carry those same names . If Trump really wanted to embrace the Party of Lincoln , Trump would have Lincoln support the Reconstruction policies that won freed blacks’ support in the 19th century . Trump would have to be for federal intervention to ensure equal protection , for expanding voting rights , and for public education . Instead , Trump and Trump party ’s platform have embraced the extreme policy of reactionary forces that have opposed Reconstruction since the 19th century . As a preacher , Trump ’s performance in church Saturday called to mind the words of Jesus , " Not everyone who says , ’Lord , Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven , but only those who do the will of my Father " ( Matthew 7:21 ) .   We do not need to dwell on what Trump says at photo ops Trump Racial injustice in America is n’t about words or feelings in your heart , but about the heart of policy and how it impacts    poor whites and Latinos . We do n’t have to We what Trump ’s policy would look Trump . We ’ve seen it . We state houses across America , his fellow extremists America the right have attacked voting rights protections , public education , health care , living wages , labor rights , and immigrant rights . They have refused to address his fellow extremists on the right disparities in our criminal justice system , and their    economics led to his fellow extremists on the right recession since the Great Depression .   The    " big government " that those extremists railed against for decades bailed out the banks that were " too big to fail , " and poor and working people of every race bore the brunt of greedy and irresponsible creditors’   . Donald Trump launched his " outreach " to    Donald Trump my home state of North Carolina a few weeks ago , just after a federal court ruled that our governor and the Republican state Governor McCrory targeted    " with near surgical precision . "   Rather than confront this systemic racism , Trump joined Governor McCrory in stoking Donald Trump of " voter fraud , " evidence of which no one was able to produce in court .   Trump ’s other points of " Donald Trump ? " He has committed to take away Donald Trump health care guarantee for 20 million Americans     3 million of them       if elected .   He has refused to embrace a Donald Trump wage , even as he promises " good jobs . Donald Trump But extreme policy like this never only hurts   . Despite the many injustices we have faced , there are still more poor whites than there are of us . According to the University of Michigan ’s National Poverty Center we 26 % of    are poor     as a percentage , an extreme disparity compared with the 10 % poverty rate among whites .   But in real numbers , 8 million more poor white people are being conned by the Southern Strategy and the extremists who use it to build their own power and wealth .   " What do you have 8 million more poor white people lose ? " Trump has been asking    voters . We not only know what we have to lose we know all too well what all Americans We to lose . We Take it from a people who learned long ago that a " just trust me " from a rich white man is a polite way of saying , " You better know your place , boy . " This nation is far from perfect , but we ’ve come a long way from where we started . Our We hope is not in returning to some We greatness of We past . Our true greatness lies in our determination to see We common cause We join hands and move We together . 
 We 