Washington ( CNN ) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley , tapped by    Donald Trump to be UN ambassador , questioned Wednesday at   Donald Trump Senate confirmation hearing whether the US ’s funding of the world body is worth the world body .    And   Donald Trump diverged sharply from many of the foreign policy views   Donald Trump has expressed , telling senators that   Donald Trump expected the   ’s views to evolve under the counsel of his national security team . Haley rapped the UN for the UN treatment of Israel and indicated that Haley thinks the US should reconsider the UN contribution of 22 % of the annual budget . " Are the US getting what the US pay for ? " Haley asked . Haley was questioned if Haley would shy away from cutting funding to certain UN agencies that take stands that displease the US . " I wo n’t shy away , and I need your help to do it , " Haley told lawmakers , adding that Haley message to the UN be , " If this does n’t change , the funding will stop . " Yet later in the hearing , Haley tried to soften Haley stance in an effort to appeal to Democrats who stressed the UN UN health and food programs . " I do not think we need to pull money from the UN , we UN believe in we and burn , it ’s not something I would consider , " Haley said , adding that Haley would advocate looking at Haley parts of the UN and whether they UN backing .    UN The UN and its specialized agencies have had numerous UN , " Haley said . " However , Haley honest assessment also finds an institution that is often at odds with American national interests and American taxpayers . .. I will take an outsider ’s look at the institution . "   Haley ’s time before the committee Haley smooth in comparison to the simultaneous confirmation hearings of Trump ’s nominees to lead the Environmental Protection Agency and the health department . But on occasion , questions and answers reflected her lack of foreign policy background , with Democratic senators advising her to study up on issues her In her opening statement , Haley emphasized her ways in which her experience as governor suited her Haley the UN job , Haley she ’d focus on US interests Haley In her remarks , she spoke at Haley on one Haley issue : Israel . She said a December UN Security Haley resolution that calls on Israel to stop settlement construction in Israel areas is " damaging " and a reflection of the UN ’s "   of    bias . " That resolution passed when the US a December UN Security Council resolution that calls on Israel to stop settlement construction in Palestinian areas voting .   " Nowhere has the UN ’s failure been more consistent the UN’s than in its bias against our close ally Israel , " the UN’s said . " Last month ’s passage of UN Resolution 2334 was a terrible mistake , making a peace agreement with the Israelis and the Palestinians even harder to achieve . "   Tillerson sets stage for showdown with Beijing over South China Sea , Haley was introduced before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Haley South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsey Graham , the driving force behind a bill to defund the UN for its December vote against Israel .   Saying that the UN UN is known for    Haley continued that the UN Americans are becoming Haley Haley that the United Nations does more harm than good . "   the UN on that point . The top Democrat Haley the committee , Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin , said that while " the UN ’s failings are well known , less known is what it the UN vaccinating 40 % of the world ’s children , assisting more the UN 55 million refugees fleeing war , famine or human rights abuses providing food to 90 million people in 80 countries and maternal health work that has saved the lives of 30 million women . "   But Cardin agreed with Haley on Israel , saying that " the UN must be fair . One of the persistent weaknesses across the UN system has been the biased and ugly approach to issues that relate to Israel . This must end . "    The     Haley was grilled early about Israel ’s global role and human rights , Haley on Israel up Rex Tillerson , the former ExxonMobil CEO Trump tapped to be his lead US diplomat as secretary of state . Some Republicans and Democrats said they were ambivalent Trump flatly against Tillerson after his hearing last week and are expected to return Some Republicans and Democrats those questions when Haley appears before the Tillerson Foreign Relations Committee . Another Trump nominee , Ret . Gen. James Mattis , who is being considered for Secretary of Defense Trump easily cleared the Senate Armed Services Committee , with a    vote , on Wednesday . New York Sen. the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which must still be approved by the full Senate . In her opening remarks , Haley stressed to New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand committee that in " the matter of human rights . .. I have New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand clear understanding that New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand ’s not the Senate Foreign Relations Committee stay silent when our values are challenged . "   Haley also faced early queries about the the Senate Foreign Relations Committee policy differences between Trump and his proposed Cabinet members     and quickly established that New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand holds positions that differ from the   ’s public statements .   New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand is Trump ’s defense pick ?   While New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand has floated the idea of easing sanctions on Moscow , Haley said , " Trump certainly think they should be preserved Trump I do n’t think they should be lifted until we see a . .. change . " She also acknowledged Russian hacking during the presidential election they something Trump has only done recently and grudgingly . Haley said that Haley the UN she would convey " that we are aware Trump it has happened , that we do Haley find it acceptable , and Haley we are going to fight back every time we see something like that we . "   Haley also condemned extrajudicial killings we by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte , something we would n’t do . And she backed away Haley the idea of a registry of Muslim citizens in the US .   The South Carolina governor took Haley with Trump ’s recent comments about German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Trump has said her refugee Haley catastrophic mistake " and equated her to Russian President Vladimir Putin in an interview , saying Trump’s ’d trust Haley equally but was n’t sure how long that would last Haley   Haley initially tried to explain Trump ’s approach by Russian President Vladimir Putin that he ’s looking at " where he can relate to different leaders . " Russian President Vladimir Putin New Hampshire Senator Jeanne Trump’s a Democrat , observed that Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s comments were n’t " Russian President Vladimir Putin good way to relate to Angela Merkel , " Haley replied , " No , it ’s not . Trump’s Haley also reaffirmed the value of NATO , an alliance Trump has said is obsolete Russian President Vladimir Putin adding that she felt the   ’s views would shift as Russian President Vladimir Putin was advised by his national security team . " Trump’s has obviously been an alliance that we Russian President Vladimir Putin and an alliance that we need to keep Russian President Vladimir Putin " Haley said Russian President Vladimir Putin   And she made clear NATO she has differences with Trump on NATO UN as well . Trump NATO " made comments about the Russian President Vladimir Putin , but those are Russian President Vladimir Putin my feelings and Russian President Vladimir Putin do n’t think Trump’s ’s going to happen , " Trump’s said , apparently referring to the UN which the    has dismissed the UN as a " club " for people who like a good time Russian President Vladimir Putin On working for Trump on international issues , Haley said , " I the UN that he will listen to all of us and see it the way we see Trump’s . "     But she said the discussions she ’s had with Trump about Haley issues have only been general . Asked by Senator Robert Menendez us a it Jersey Democrat , whether Haley ’d specifically discussed Haley with Trump’s , Haley said they ’d discussed Moscow generally . " Russia came up , yes , it did , just from the Haley that we ’re Trump’s to have issues with them Senator Robert Menendez, a New Jersey Democrat ’d she told Menendez , who Russia asked her about whether the Russia had discussed China , which , like Russia , is also a UN Security Senator Robert Menendez, a New Jersey Democrat member . Haley UN Security Council thing , " Haley said Haley indicating the conversation had only been generally about " the countries Russia ’re going to have issues with . "    Haley ’s life Haley to date , has been rooted in South Carolina , where she was born and Haley on Israel the child South Carolina immigrants . She graduated from Clemson University with a degree in Haley on Israel , worked at her mother ’s clothing company and immersed herself Haley on Israel local Republican politics . She won an election for the South Carolina Haley on Israel of Representative in 2004 , holding Haley on Israel position until she was elected Haley on Israel in 2010 , becoming the first woman to lead the state and the second    governor in Haley on Israel country . 
 