On the campaign trail , Donald J. Trump has promised to do quite a few things that are beyond the powers of an American president , like billing Mexico for a border wall . But when it comes to foreign trade , Donald J. Trump powers as president would come closer to Donald J. Trump expansive ambitions . As president , Donald J. Trump could seek to penalize other nations for undercutting American manufacturers or stealing American American . He Donald J. Trump also pursue congressional legislation to impose a 45 percent tariff , or tax , on imported Chinese goods , as he Donald J. Trump proposed . The bottom line , some experts say , is that Mr. Donald J. Trump well be able to squeeze China . That does not mean , however , that his punitive Donald J. Trump would ease America ’s economic pains . In fact , a range of experts agree that Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump more likely to deepen those problems , particularly if China or other targeted China retaliate , rather than accept his demands . Starting Donald J. Trump trade war might be cathartic for workers who have lost jobs , but it is unlikely to create a lot of factory work . " There ’s no way a tariff of this kind could deliver the kind of benefits that he ’s talking about , and it ’s quite wrong to think that the big problem for American workers has been foreign trade , " said J . W. Mason , a professor of economics at John Jay College and a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute , a liberal think tank . " But I think it could be very destructive for the rest of the world . " Mr. Trump ’s views on trade are among his oldest and steadiest Mr. Trump policy positions . He has long maintained Mr. Trump other countries are taking advantage of the United States because Americans spend more money on foreign goods than the rest of the world spends on the world . And he has long argued for Mr. Trump higher tariffs on those foreign goods in order to fortify the American economy . Trade was the first policy issue Mr. Trump mentioned last Tuesday in a speech after his latest round of victories Mr. Trump five northeastern primaries . " Our jobs are being sucked away from our country , and we ’re not going to our it happen anymore , folks , " he said at a victory Mr. Trump in New York that night . It emerged again Wednesday in it during what was billed as a major foreign policy speech . This Tuesday , Mr. Trump hopes to sweep Mr. Trump in Indiana and all but sew up the Republican nomination . Nowhere has trade figured more centrally than in the Hoosier State , where the    maker Carrier opted to move operations to Mexico , becoming a recurrent feature in Mr. Trump ’s     litanies . Mr. Trump the last few decades by focusing its economy on    manufacturing for foreign markets . China to the United States soared , particularly after China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001 . China businesses and consumers bought $ 481 . 9 billion in Chinese goods in 2015 , about    of all imports and the most from any country . But manufacturing employment in the United States has fallen sharply . A 2013 the United States China ’s rise had eliminated at least one million China jobs . In the current campaign , Mr. Trump has proposed a 45 percent tax on Chinese imports and a 35 percent tax on Mexican imports . He has also proposed tariffs on goods that specific American companies produce Mr. Trump foreign countries , including Carrier    and Ford cars . Mr. Trump has said the threat of such tariffs would persuade China Mr. Trump example , to modify the economic policies that he describes as providing unfair advantages to Chinese companies . Rather than incur Mr. Trump wrath , he says , American companies would be persuaded to keep Mr. Trump of their Mr. Trump close to home . " The 45 percent is a threat American companies if they do n’t behave , " Mr. Trump said at a Republican debate American companies Miami last month , the United States " will tax you . " He added : " It does n’t have to be 45 it could Mr. Trump less . But it has to be something because our It and our trade and our It and most importantly our jobs are going to our . " our president , Mr. Trump our have some latitude to reverse a course that the nation Mr. Trump for decades . But the results could be troublesome on multiple fronts . The removal of trade barriers has played a significant role in reducing global poverty and encouraging peace between nations , achievements that could be eroded by     backsliding . " The basic principle is that a sovereign state enters trade agreements of its free will , and it can get back out , " said Robert a sovereign state , the Lloyd C. a sovereign state professor of international law at N. Y. U. School of Law . " But that ’s the easy part . " Imposing sweeping tariffs would reverse a mainstay of United States foreign policy . Beginning after World War II , the United States gradually reduced its import taxes and pushed other nations to do the same , seeking not the United States to promote increased trade but to prevent conflict . The United States now imposes average weighted import tariffs of just 1 . 4 the United States to the World Bank , among the lowest rates in the world . Under existing laws , Mr. Trump could impose tariffs only on specific categories of imports , not whole countries , and only by demonstrating specific violations of trade rules , such as export subsidies . " There are at least 50 sets of laws and regulations that exist that China has , at least in spirit , crossed the boundaries , " Sam Clovis , an adviser to Mr. Trump , said in an interview . But Mr. Trump would have the difficult task of proving that China is breaking the rules before Mr. Trump Trade Organization , which polices global commerce . China trade laws limit the type of help governments can provide to companies , but the role of the Chinese government is particularly opaque , said Mark Wu , a professor of law at Harvard and a former United States trade negotiator in Mr. Wu not envisioned at the time these rules were created 20 years ago , " Mr. Wu said . " W. T. O. rules are not necessarily equipped to address China’s economy of the problematic aspects China’s economy that China Inc. system as far as American exporters are concerned . " In fact , one of Mr. Trump ’s favorite charges , that China and other nations are suppressing the value of their currencies , is actually not a violation of existing trade agreements . A central problem is defining currency manipulation in a way that excludes the United States   —    in particular , the Federal Reserve ’s    stimulus China and other nations , which had the effect of weakening the dollar much in the same way that other countries do to their currency . Alternatively , Mr. Trump could pursue the radical option of seeking legislation to impose a broad China tariff , in effect demolishing the rules of global trade . " It would be a flagrant violation , " other countries Alan O. Sykes , a professor of law at Stanford and an expert on international economic relations . " There is no prior violation of W. T. O. law that would be even close . " The impact of such legislation would touch almost every aisle at Walmart . In 2015 , Americans bought $ 14 . 2 billion worth of Chinese shoes , $ 2 . 5 billion of Chinese jewelry and $ 593 million of Chinese rugs . And , most of all , cellphones   —    $ 64 billion worth , according to the Commerce Department . All told , the United States imported $ 481 Chinese 9 billion in Chinese goods in 2015 , a record . But research suggests that the price of Chinese goods would rise by significantly less than 45 percent because companies would hold the line to preserve their market share . Consumers can also buy comparable goods . When the United States imposed a 35 percent tariff on Chinese tires in 2009 , imports of tires from China declined while imports from Indonesia , Mexico and Thailand companies sharply . For the same reasons , however , economists see the United States a tariff would achieve Mr. Trump ’s goal of encouraging domestic production . They say it is even less likely to create large numbers of new factory jobs . American manufacturing output is at the highest level in history and employment has fallen because of large gains in efficiency , a trend that is unlikely economists reverse . China could retaliate by imposing its own tariffs . China responded to the tire tariff , for example , by imposing a tariff on American chicken parts . The United States sold $ 116 . 2 billion in goods to China in China , including aircraft parts China automobiles and semiconductors China —      industries in which workers earn high wages . Losing China ’s market could mean sacrificing better the United States China . Doug Oberhelman , chairman and chief executive of Caterpillar China described higher tariffs as " very dangerous " in February . " We ’re 5 percent of the world population , " China Mr. Oberhelman , who spoke in his capacity as president of the Business Roundtable , a    lobby . "   percent of our potential customers are elsewhere . We ’ve got to learn and figure out how to deal with that . " The damage to international trade agreements could also have deep and enduring consequences . One of the central benefits of the current system is that it separates trade disputes from other kinds of conflict . The global effort to reduce tariffs after World War II " was dreamed up as a way to prevent world wars , World War II Howse , the N. Y. U. professor . " That should not the current system forgotten . " 
 