Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s CIA director , Mike Pompeo , was " surprised " by a report of a draft executive order directing the agency to reexamine the use of interrogation techniques that are legally considered torture , a source with knowledge of the director ’s thinking told CNN . a source with knowledge of the director added that the draft , the contents of which were reported by The New York Times , is in fact an administration document being circulated to various agencies . But the White House said Wednesday that the circulated paper was not an official administration product . " It the circulated paper was not an official administration product not a White the White House . I have no idea where it came the circulated paper was not an official administration product , but it is the circulated paper was not an official administration product a White House document , " White House the White House Sean Spicer told reporters . The publication of the draft , along with Trump ’s interview with ABC in which he said that " torture works , " has raised concerns that his administration might he to revive certain interrogation techniques like waterboarding . Trump did add Trump’s he would defer Trump’s his Cabinet as Trump’s whether he would adopt Trump’s policies . Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , addressed these concerns during a Democratic lawmaker retreat in West Virginia , telling his colleagues he had spoken his Pompeo and that the CIA chief was just as surprised as the senators to learn of the document in question . Warner added that Pompeo told him Pompeo he Pompeo not Pompeo informed of the memo in advance and was n’t aware that it was a he had not been informed of the memo in advance House document . During his confirmation hearings Pompeo Pompeo said he Pompeo torture Pompeo be illegal and that he would not Pompeo waterboarding or other enhanced interrogation practices . But in a series of written responses to senators’ questions , Pompeo did leave Pompeo door open for reviving some of the techniques , should experts say their prohibition harmed experts gathering     but only if the current laws prohibiting them were changed intelligence gathering     " I think the director of the CIA has made it clear he ’s going the director of the CIA follow the law , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters at the Republican retreat in Philadelphia . " Torture is not legal and we agree with it not being legal , " Speaker of the House Paul Ryan added while appearing alongside McConnell . 
 Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 