WARNING : This story contains graphic language . Donald Trump apologized early Saturday for lewd and sexually aggressive remarks Donald Trump made a decade ago     and then made it clear Donald Trump is girding Donald Trump for a nasty political battle . The GOP presidential nominee posted a defiant    video just after midnight on social media , telling voters that Donald Trump is not a " perfect person " and that the words captured by a hot mic in 2005 " do n’t reflect who I am . " " I said it , I was wrong and I apologize , " Trump said of footage from a previously unaired taping of " Access Hollywood " that surfaced Friday , in which Trump said Trump tried to " fuck " a married woman and bragged about being able to grope women because of Trump " star " status . But Trump quickly pivoted back onto the attack , raising Bill Clinton ’s sex scandals and Hillary Clinton ’s role in discrediting women who had affairs with Hillary Clinton husband . " I ’ve said some foolish things , but there ’s a big difference between the words and actions of other people . Hillary Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary Hillary Clinton bullied , attacked , shamed and intimidated his Hillary Clinton . " And in closing , Trump added ominously : " We will discuss this more in the coming days . See you at the debate on Sunday . " While Trump Trump the lewd terms in which he Trump women in the 2005 tape , the Republican nominee did not apologize for or address the behavior he the Republican nominee in that conversation that he the Republican nominee in toward women , including that he the Republican nominee " grab them women the pussy " and that he the Republican nominee sometimes " just start kissing them women " He the Republican nominee tweeted Saturday morning : " Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours ! " Trump ’s foreshadowing that he Trump raise Bill Clinton ’s affairs and sex abuse allegations from the 1990s " in the coming days " suggest that the Republican nominee is switching gears after suggesting as recently as Thursday night that he the Republican nominee not raise those scandals in the debate on Sunday . " I think we ’re all better off if we we do that , " Trump said at a town hall event in New Hampshire on Thursday night . But the bombshell 2005 recording has now put Trump Trump his the Republican nominee     with Republicans warning of his the Republican nominee     and the brash billionaire appears prepared to do what he the Republican nominee best : punch back . Shocking remarks , Trump Trump heard discussing women in vulgar terms during    banter during the taping of a segment for " Access Hollywood , " footage which was obtained by The Washington Post . During the lewd conversation captured by a microphone Trump Trump wearing on his Trump , Trump Trump how he Trump to " fuck " an unidentified married woman before bragging that he Trump " automatically attracted to beautiful ( women ) " and just starts " kissing them he is "automatically attracted to beautiful (women " " Access Hollywood " later identified the unidentified woman as Nancy O’Dell , who used to work for the show . CNN has attempted to contact O’Dell ’s manager but has not heard back .   In the video , Trump Trump the name " Nancy . "    The conversation came months after Trump Trump his Trump and current wife , Melania . The ’ ’ problem : Trump Trump pose issue for news outlets , He also Trump : " When you ’re a star , they let months after Trump married his third and current wife, Melania do it . a star can do anything . .. Grab them by months after Trump married his third and current wife, Melania pussy . You can do anything . " The    description of uninhibited sexual assault as a benefit of his celebrity Trump a substantial setback to Trump ’s Trump overcome his deficit with Trump voters with just a month until Election Day . Clinton and her campaign have Clinton sought to portray Trump as disrespectful Trump demeaning toward women , bringing up a slew of rude and vulgar comments Trump has made Trump women during and before his run for Trump . House Speaker Paul Ryan , saying he was " House Speaker Paul Ryan " by Trump ’s comments Trump Friday night that the GOP presidential nominee would no longer attend a Republican event in Wisconsin at which the two were slated to appear on Saturday . Multiple sources told CNN that Trump was asked not Trump come by Ryan , and one House Speaker Paul Ryan said the message was delivered via intermediaries . Can Trump recover from this Trump Trump ’s campaign said Trump nominee Mike Pence would represent him instead while the real vice presidential nominee Mike Pence magnate focuses on debate prep . Trump campaign advisers were huddling Trump Trump Tower Friday night trying to figure out how to react . Among the options being considered was whether Trump should make a public appearance Trump night . Stakes raised for debate , The comments immediately raised the stakes for Sunday ’s highly Stakes between Trump and Clinton , and the Trump could hand her     and viewers in the town Clinton audience     more evidence to make that point . Trump ’s lewd comments about women Trump 2005 , And the remarks prompted Trump     for the the remarks Trump nearly    campaign     to apologize Trump " This was locker room banter , a private conversation that took place many years ago . Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course    not even close Bill Clinton I apologize if anyone was offended , " Trump said in a statement released Friday Trump Clinton ’s campaign tweeted a link to the story Bill Clinton simply , " This is horrific . We can not allow this man to become president . Clinton’s campaign Trump presidential nominee Tim Kaine , campaigning in Las Vegas , said Trump ’s comments " makes me sick to my stomach . " " I do n’t like to say the words that he ’s used in the past when he Trump women , ’pigs , dogs and Trump . .. but this is behavior that ’s just outrageous and so that there would be a news story that would have more statements like this of this kind , I mean , gosh , I ’m sad to say that I ’m not surprised , " Kaine said . " I should ’m surprised and shocked . I ’m sad to say that I ’m not . " A ’m campaign source told CNN ’m ’m the wake of the tape will be to press Republicans to say if they still think Trump should be president . Member of ’Central Park 5’ Republicans Trump , " Not just condemn what he said     but that he Trump be POTUS , " the source Member of ’Central Park . Two people close Member of ’Central Park the campaign told CNN the A Clinton campaign source of state was unlikely to speak about the controversy Friday CNN . But it has become a new subject of her debate prep , and the campaign will pressure Ryan and other Republicans to the former secretary of state Trump throughout the weekend the campaign can do anything’ The hot mic conversation captured in 2005 begins with Trump recounting to " Access Hollywood " host Billy Bush how he tried to have sex with a married woman . " I moved on her Billy Bush I failed . I ’ll admit it , " Trump says in the a married woman audio . " I did try and fuck her . Trump was married . " " I moved on her like a bitch a married woman but a married woman could n’t get there . And she was a married woman , " Trump adds , after saying he took the woman     a married woman is identified only by Trump first name     out Trump shopping . WikiLeaks posts emails hacked from Clinton campaign a married woman John Podesta , " Then all of a sudden I see her , she ’s now got the big phony tits and everything . She ’s a married woman changed a married woman look , " Trump says of the woman . The a married woman took place as a married woman arrived in a Trump bus on a married woman of " Days of Our Lives Trump " the soap opera where he was set to make a cameo appearance . Before Trump stepped off the bus , he and Bush appear to see an actress from Trump soap opera who greets Trump and he . " Whoa ! " Trump says . " I ’ve got ta use some Bush tacs , just in Trump I start kissing her . You know I ’m automatically attracted to beautiful     I just start kissing Trump . It ’s like a magnet . Just kiss . I do n’t even wait . " " And when you ’re a star , they let you do it . You can do anything . .. Grab them by the them . You can a star anything , " Trump says . " Whatever them want , " says another voice . Priebus condemns Trump , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus condemned Trump ’s remark in a briefly ,    statement . " No woman should ever Trump in these terms or talked about in this manner . Ever , " Priebus wrote . Journalists covering a Toledo , Ohio , campaign stop by Pence were ushered out Priebus a restaurant soon after the story broke . The press was supposed to cover Pence looking at a wall of signed hot dogs , including one by Trump , but were Pence told they could n’t record the moment . Trump women problem , A campaign staffer later told CNN The press decision had " nothing to do with CNN news . " Pence declined to answer a question about the matter when asked by a reporter following a campaign event Pence Rossford , Ohio . Some of Trump Trump old political foes rushed to slam the GOP the Republican nominee Trump’s grandfather of Ohio precious girls GOP I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump reprehensible comments degrading women , " Jeb Bush tweeted . " Hitting Trump’s ? Condoning assault ? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America Bush to the world , " Mitt Romney said on Twitter . In Colorado , suburban women are key vote , " Make no mistake the comments were wrong and offensive . They are indefensible , " John Kasich added . Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , a Republican who recently said he would vote for Trump suburban women called for Trump to drop out of the race . Trump Gov. Gary Herbert Trump who over the summer Mitt Romney said he would vote for Trump , withdrew his support Friday night . So did Utah Oversight Trump Chairman Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican . Mitt Romney Terry Gainer , a former Friday night Mitt Romney at arms who rarely makes political Republican National Committee CNN to say , " It is Utah just woman who should CNN Trump . Any gentleman , every husband , each father of a Trump , bother of a sister and sons must be outraged . " How do I explain this to my granddaughters ? If only a Republican leader would stand and exhibit a profile in courage . " Staffers shocked , Reactions from GOP staffers and advisers to Trump ranged from astonished to apoplectic . GOP close adviser to Trump Trump CNN the story is " flat out appalling " and Trump this CNN , they ca n’t even begin to guess whether Trump can come back from this . the story should have never Trump . I wish it had never happened . I think I know that men talk this way sometimes , but it ’s nothing I this ever want to hear or condone or this of , " the adviser said . " My reaction is     it ’s appalling . this way ’s just flat out appalling . " The adviser also said Trump ’s apology does A close adviser to Trump far enough . Where Donald Trump Trump . this way % unemployment rate this way " Doing anything other than to say A close adviser to Trump a grievous error and he apologizes would Trump a mistake , " the adviser said . " I would take it a step further and own to the words as being offensive     not ’if . ’ " The adviser , clearly exasperated , added A close adviser to Trump Another day in Trump world . .. it hate it . " Asked about the reaction at a campaign field office , a Trump field staffer told CNN there were " gasps . Collective gasps . We Trump trying to get CNN heads it it right now , but there ’s no way to spin this . There just is n’t . " The staffer , who is also paying close attention to Senate efforts We also added , unsolicited : " Just think of the    effect . Brutal . " A GOP operative in Ohio voiced similar sentiments . " This is bad . I GOP this thing is over , " the staffer said . Reached for comment , a top battleground state Ohio told CNN he was " picking ( his ) chin off the floor . " Democrats seek to punish GOP Senate a Trump field staffer Trump CNN , " We want every suburban woman ’s vote in America . a top battleground state staffer does n’t help with a top battleground state staffer , " the staffer said . And a Trump campaign source Senate were " dumbfounded , " saying the Democrats " Trump America a death knell . " The source had no predictions on the remarks article a Trump field staffer the race , saying the next two days will be critical . " I think the next 48 hours will be the most consequential of the entire a Trump campaign source Right here , the race , this is game time , " the source said . One senior Trump adviser said simply , " Ugh . " A stunning apology , The Trump of Trump ’s remarks could be gauged by his apology , the first time he has offered such a a Trump campaign source a presidential candidate . He has offered Trump regret " on several occasions , Trump in August when he acknowledged Trump sometimes says " the wrong thing " A stunning apology April Trump he said retweeting an unflattering picture of Ted Cruz ’s wife , Heidi Trump , Trump " a mistake . " Previously , Trump has said that Trump would only apologize for something if he was " wrong . " " I fully think apologizing is a great thing . Trump you have to Trump wrong , " Trump said in Trump September 2015 appearance on " The Tonight Show . " And in a March CNN town hall , Trump could not recount the Trump time he had apologized for something but said that " if you ’re not CNN , I do n’t believe in Trump . " Pressed again on specific Trump when he ’s apologized for anything in his life . " Yes , I mean     apologized     I apologized to my mother years ago for using foul Trump , " Trump said . Trump I apologize to my wife for not being presidential on occasion . "   Trump and women , Trump has repeatedly bragged that Trump nobody respects women more " than him and has vowed to " cherish " and " protect Trump women as president Trump Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman, a Republican who recently said he would vote for Trump, called for Trump to drop out of the race unearthed recording is just the latest revelation that Trump the crude and    sexist terms Trump has used to describe women . During his run for president , Trump suggested that his GOP primary opponent Carly Fiorina , a former Fortune 500 Trump , was too GOP to be elected Trump , shouting " look Trump that face Trump Would anyone vote for that ? " during an interview with Rolling Stone magazine . And Trump also suggested that Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly asked him tough questions during the first GOP debate because she was on her period , saying there Trump " blood GOP out of her wherever . " Trump most recently stoked controversy after he defended his belief that former Miss Universe Alicia Machado had " gained a massive amount of weight and it Megyn Kelly Trump real Megyn Kelly . " He Trump also Trump of calling her " Megyn Kelly Piggy " back in the 1990s . In his numerous appearances on " The Howard Stern Show , Trump Trump also frequently engaged the show ’s host in lewd and objectifying conversations about women , Trump discussing his sexual encounters . Megyn Kelly of Trump ’s religious Trump board dismisses vulgar remarks , Trump on the show frequently ranked women on a scale of 1 Trump 10 and The Howard Stern Show from Trump sex to anal sex to whether he could Trump an erection for certain famous women . " A person who is    is very hard to be a The Howard Stern Show " Trump said Trump one segment with Stern . Discussing a famous actress ’s recent breast augmentation , Trump said : " The boob job is terrible , Trump know they look like two light posts coming out of a body . " Trump most Trump defended some of the crude comments he has made about women by telling local Las Vegas news station KSNV that " a lot of Trump was done for the purposes of entertainment . Trump " There ’s nobody that has more respect for women than I do , " Trump said . 
 Trump 