This season ’s special congressional elections are being heralded as a test of whether newly energized Democrats will fare better with President Trump . So far , newly energized Democrats are passing a test of whether newly energized Democrats will fare better with an unpopular Republican president . On Tuesday , Republicans won an unexpectedly close race in Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District . The Republican Ron Estes won by seven points over James Thompson , even though President Trump won the district by 27 points Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District . No Democrat holds a House seat as Republican as this one , so it ’s startling that the seat was even competitive . In general , it ’s a mistake to read it much into a single special election . They are more prone to odd results . That ’s because there ’s less time for recruitment ,    or even opposition research . There is n’t a national campaign going on at the same time . The turnout is often low and variable . But the Kansas result is not a great sign for the Republicans , and it ’s hard to dismiss . the Kansas result , special elections are still elections . They reflect the national political environment special elections nearly the same way as regularly scheduled contests . There just happen to be a few more outlying results . In theory , if you had enough special elections you could make a pretty good inference about the national political environment . There the national political environment of them in a cycle to make such a conclusion you had enough special elections though . Instead , every special election provides a small and imperfect bit of information about the overall national picture . The small and imperfect lesson of Tuesday ’s special election in Kansas is that the Republicans might be in quite a bit of trouble . Mr. Estes ’s    victory is extremely poor for this district , whether under politically neutral circumstances or an environment deeply unfavorable to the president ’s party . Even with Mr. Trump The Kansas Republican Party 40 percent , Mr. Estes should still have been considered a     Mr. Estes the district . There are extenuating circumstances , as there this district . The Kansas Republican Party is deeply unpopular under the leadership of the governor , Sam Brownback , and Mr. Estes is the state treasurer in Mr. Brownback ’s Mr. Estes Details like this always make it hard to pinpoint expectations for a single congressional election   —    especially in races without an incumbent . Nonetheless , it is a stretch to argue that the entirety of the difference between Mr. Estes ’s result and what you would expect under politically Mr. Estes can be attributed to his connection to Mr. Brownback . The case to dismiss the Kansas Mr. Estes will be better if Republicans fare well in coming special elections . But Democrats have already been doing well in state legislative special elections , in part because of strong turnout . The Democrats also look to be competitive in a May congressional election in Montana , and Democrats likely outperform Hillary Clinton ’s share of the vote there . Win or lose , the Democrats are competitive in the special election in Georgia ’s Sixth Congressional District ( the election Democrats Tuesday , with a possible runoff in June ) . Republican struggles are to a May congressional election in Montana the party has full control of government and its president is unpopular . These are the circumstances that Democrats in a    wave election , like Democrats ones that swept Democrats into power in 2006 and out of the House in 2010 . We might well be heading for another . At a minimum , the Kansas result is fully consistent with that possibility . 
 