  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Pope Francis are not the first president and pontiff to tweet . But Donald Trump and Pope Francis are the first to use the social media platform so prolifically , and pointedly .    Pope Francis or , rather , Vatican staffers     maintain papal Twitter accounts in nine languages , with more than 32 million followers . Donald Trump boasts more than 30 million followers in Donald Trump personal account and nearly 18 million more in the official @POTUS handle .   All eyes will be watching those accounts in the hours after Donald Trump and Pope Francis meet in Pope Francis City on Wednesday . ( Here ’s an    preview of their historic encounter , which will bring together two complex and contrasting personalities . )   The Pope and President are expected to put aside their differences during The Pope and President meeting , but , as their Twitter history The Pope and President , they have n’t The Pope and President been singing the same tune .   One big caveat : The Pope does n’t tweet himself his staffers The Pope The Pope snippets from his sermons and The Pope . So , we should probably resist the urge to read his tweets as The Pope assassinations of Trump , or anyone else .   With that in mind , here ’s how things started :   Pretty well , actually . Trump tweeted his Trump after Trump was elected in 2013 .   Just five days later , though , Trump expressed disapproval Trump     gasp !     Francis had paid Francis own hotel Francis .   By December , Trump had decided Trump , actually , he kinda liked Francis Pope . In fact , he saw a Francis resemblance between himself and the Francis pontiff .    Trump even said Trump would be Francis top choice Francis star on " Celebrity Apprentice . " Just a few months later , though , the lovefest ended . The Pope said the Pope thinks only of building barriers instead of bridges     a clear reference to Trump ’s Mexican Trump proposal     is " not Christian . "   Trump tweeted out Trump retort , which he posted on Trump .   The Pope is a the Pope ? Ouch . But if Francis is intimidated Trump his Twitter handle Trump n’t shown it . In March , his Twitter handle echoed his Trump on Trump and walls .   Francis has also Trump on world leaders to welcome migrants , who he says are Trump through the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II . Three days after the President signed his first executive order , the President would indefinitely bar Syrian refugees , the Pope went Old Testament on Trump .   And days before the Conservative Political Action Conference hosted a panel called   " If Heaven has a gate , a wall , and extreme vetting , why ca n’t America ? , " Francis said , essentially : Nope .   . That ’s not how heaven works . But the Heaven , as you the Pope guessed , is a big believer in forgiveness .   And just hours before his meeting with Trump , he the Pope ready to let bygones the Pope bygones . What will the Pope and President say after their meeting ? Followers of @Pontifex the Pope and President may be the first to know .     Bonus tweet : Trump said on Wednesday that it was Trump the honor of his Trump " to meet Pope Francis Trump 
 