’   ’ ’    Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton released    a statement in the wake of the American Health Care Act failing    on Friday , calling the Republican defeat a " victory for    all Americans . " ’ ’    " Today was a victory for the 24 , 000 , 000 people at risk of losing    the 24, 000, 000 people health insurance , for seniors , for families battling the    quiet epidemic of addiction , for new moms and women everywhere , "    Clinton said in a . " Most of all , it’ ’s a victory for anyone who    believes affordable health care is a human right . " ’ ’      Clinton continued : " We can not forget : This victory happened because    people in every corner of our country committed people in every corner of our country time and    energy to calling people in every corner of our country representatives , showing up at town hall    meetings , and making their representatives voices heard . The fight isn’’t over yet     —    we will have to push back on future bad ideas and embrace good    ones to make health care more affordable   —    but we are reminded    today that there is no substitute for standing up and defending    our values . " ’ "    GOP leadership pulled   GOP bill to overhaul the US healthcare    system from what looked almost certain to be a failed floor vote    in the House on Friday , in a blow to President Donald Trump ’s    agenda and the House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s leadership of Paul Ryan caucus . " ’    It was pulled after It became clear that Republicans   which was meant    to repeal and replace Obamacare , the law formally known as the    Affordable Care Act . ’ ’    Clinton also tweeted photos from the campaign trail of people who    Clinton said would have been negatively affected by the Republican    healthcare act : ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Let’ ’s not be distracted , " Clinton .    " Let’ ’s continue to stand up , organize , resist , put forth good    ideas to improve the existing system & peoples ’’ lives . " ’ ’ Bob Bryan contributed to this report . ’ ’Former Democratic presidential candidate . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 