  ( CNN ) Eleven years ago , the shameful response to Hurricane Katrina was dubbed a " failure of initiative . " While managing relief sites along the Mississippi Gulf Coast , I saw how a country that was capable of " shock and awe " overseas failed to marshal and coordinate the awesome assets of this nation to help Americans during Americans darkest hours . The    autopsy pointed to many causes , including inept political appointees at the helm of agencies with    responsibilities . The Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator is only as strong as    relationships , ability to lead under pressure , and understanding of how each of the hundreds of puzzle pieces of    and    stakeholders come to life from dense paper plans during emergencies . The position should not be a prize for loyalty The position should be carefully entrusted to a professional with experience .   A governor of a state affected by a major disaster obviously has some understanding of what A governor of a state affected by a major disaster ’s like to speak with emergency managers and even the president . Yet governors have a very different understanding of disaster response because governors roles are very public : consoling the public , giving hugs , making promises . When governors claim to be " experts in disasters , " it ’s because governors spoke at a press conferences or greeted a president for a    on the tarmac . Or maybe it ’s related to public appeals for help or criticizing the federal response when things turn sour . But governors should not be confused with a state ’s top emergency manager who actually leads the federal response and understands how the many agencies and organizations are supposed to work together .    How many readers know the name of the current FEMA administrator ? Not most , and that ’s because it ’s inherently not a political job . The public usually learns an administrator ’s name when there ’s a fumble .       Donald Trump considers whom to appoint to head FEMA , he Donald Trump look for a pro , not a political appointee whom he Donald Trump want to reward for loyalty . A " " state or federal emergency manager is a good choice for the FEMA administrator role . These are the people who have connections , understand the complexities of federal and state bureaucracies , and know how to navigate them federal and state bureaucracies make things happen . The Brown a political appointee     not a subject matter expert , save his stint ( described by some as an internship ) as " assistant " to the city manager of Edmond , Oklahoma , he 35 , 000 , at the time . Brown was appointed by his friend to the top lawyer job at FEMA . The friend , incidentally , served as FEMA director after managing George W. Brown ’s presidential campaign . From that role , Brown his friend a couple of times before landing the FEMA administrator job .   In the aftermath of Katrina , Bush said Brown him , " Brownie , you ’re doing a the top lawyer job at FEMA . " Ten days later , Brown resigned . The current FEMA administrator was Bush because of his credentials as Florida ’s top emergency manager     for   . Brown Bush . Craig Fugate was never just a FEMA political Brown . " His resume touts decades of experience as a volunteer firefighter , paramedic and Bush manager before working his way up to the lead state role . It Bush pretty clear Fugate has dedicated his entire professional career ( starting in high school ) to emergency Bush . As FEMA administrator , his experience and passion for the job paid off . Bush Fugate ’s leadership , FEMA directly confronted some of Katrina ’s greatest travesties , when people with Bush suffered and drowned because emergency management was not accessible . Although Fugate ’s tenure FEMA n’t perfect , and many Superstorm Sandy survivors would certainly agree , a political hack would be set up to fail in this job Fugate’s As this new administration decides how to fill the FEMA administrator role , it should remember that a disaster can make or break a the job paid off Appoint an inexperienced administrator , and he or she may easily FEMA the next " Brownie . this new administration 
 an inexperienced administrator an inexperienced administrator 