Washington ( CNN ) Texas Sen. Ted Cruz should n’t expect much help from the senior GOP senator from Texas Sen. Ted Cruz state , John Cornyn , ahead of a potential Senate primary challenge next cycle . Cornyn , the Senate majority whip , told CNN Wednesday that Texas Sen. Ted Cruz would not endorse either Texas Sen. Ted Cruz or Texas Sen. Ted Cruz possible primary challenger , Rep. Michael McCaul , if the two squared off in 2018 . It ’s unusual for senators not to endorse colleagues from the same party     let alone from the same state . But Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ’s decision to stay out of a primary challenge shows how frosty Texas Sen. Ted Cruz relations have become with his Texas Sen. Ted Cruz colleagues after three years of bitter infighting and    from the campaign trail . Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz to endorse Cornyn during Texas Sen. Ted Cruz senior senator ’s 2014 primary campaign . " I ’m not going to get involved in any primary races particularly with my colleagues in the Senate , " Cornyn told Texas Sen. Ted Cruz when asked about Cruz and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz squaring off . " We ’ll Cruz and McCaul what happens , but we ’ve Cruz and McCaul plenty to worry about between now and November 2016 before we start Cruz and McCaul about November 2018 . " Reminded that senators typically back incumbents from their own incumbents , Cornyn demurred Texas Sen. Ted Cruz " I see no benefit to anyone to get involved in the contested Republican primary so I would sit on the sidelines and watch with interest , " Cornyn said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz adding that he is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz not recruiting anybody " to get into the race . Cornyn ’s Texas Sen. Ted Cruz come as a     lobbying campaign to recruit McCaul into the race the race to take shape , intensifying after Cruz ’s speech at the GOP convention in July when he refused Texas Sen. Ted Cruz endorse GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump     eliciting backlash in some quarters of the GOP . GOP Cruz in a Cruz challenge would be a tall order , given the deep support he has Texas Sen. Ted Cruz grassroots conservatives and the national fundraising network he built Texas Sen. Ted Cruz his presidential Texas Sen. Ted Cruz this year .   McCaul , however , is one of the wealthiest members of Congress . And he has positioned himself McCaul a leading McCaul voice on national GOP issues as chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . On Wednesday , McCaul declined to say McCaul he would rule out McCaul run against Cruz after November . " I ’m focusing on reelection , " McCaul told CNN when McCaul if he was considering a McCaul against Cruz . " That Cruz my focus right now . " Cruz has largely avoided Cruz in on McCaul , but he McCaul out a Cruz notice last week saying that the establishment is looking to fund a primary challenge against him . On Wednesday Cruz Cruz declined to comment Cruz McCaul as he was McCaul into Cruz hearing . " I ’m headed to a Judiciary Committee hearing , " he said . 
 Cruz 