Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s top aides apparently have no idea whether President Donald Trump believes humans have a role in climate change or if it ’s even real . And seemingly wo n’t ask President Donald Trump . Days after the question was first posed , the White House still will not answer if President Donald Trump believes that climate change is a hoax .   President Donald Trump ’s personal views on climate change have been in the spotlight since the President opted to leave the sweeping ,    Paris climate agreement during a Rose Garden ceremony on Thursday . But a series of top President Donald Trump aides have dodged , spun and obfuscated when asked whether the President believes climate change is happening . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said earlier this week he White House press secretary Sean Spicer n’t know whether President Donald Trump believes climate change is happening . " Honestly , I have n’t asked him White House press secretary Sean Spicer , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " I can get back to you White House press secretary Sean Spicer " On Friday , Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer asked again .   " I have not had the opportunity to specifically talk to the the President that , " he said the President Scott Pruitt Pruitt on CNN that the debate over the Paris agreement is " not about whether climate change is occurring or not . " He did not answer whether Trump President Donald Trump as he has said before , Pruitt climate change is a hoax . Pruitt Pruitt would not answer when asked twice in Friday ’s White House briefing , saying that was not what the decision was focused on . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke told CNN ’s " New Day " on Friday that while he does n’t " believe ( climate change ) is a hoax , Pruitt he was unable to answer whether Trump agrees . " I do not Pruitt for the President , " Zinke said , later adding that he had not asked him . At Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke point was Zinke able to the President light on Trump the President climate change views . " Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke should ask him that and Trump you have a chance , " Kellyanne Conway Pruitt a top Trump confidante and White House adviser , said Friday on ABC . When pressed , Conway said Trump " believes in clean air , clean water , a clean environment and Trump have to negotiate better deals for this country . " And Gary Cohn , Trump ’s top economic adviser , deflected when asked the same question by CNN on Trump " I am answering what the President is committed to , " he said , later adding , " You are going to have to ask him . the President are going to have to actually ask him . " Journalists would love the President . But Trump has largely avoided answering questions in the President weeks . The last formal questions the President Trump were when he met with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on May 18 the President last     and only the President full news conference as president was in February . Trump , the President before he was president , said that climate change was a hoax perpetrated Trump the Chinese . He the President also long cast himself as someone who does n’t " believe " in global warming the President suggesting that the scientific the President is a belief , not a fact . " I ’m not a believer in    global warming , " he told Hugh Hewitt in 2015 . " But the problem we have , and if you the President at our energy costs , and all of the things that we ’re doing to solve a problem we I do n’t think in any major fashion exists we " But his own White House aides have suggested that his view on climate change are irrelevant when talking the President the Paris climate agreement , an accord the President to combat rising temperatures and carbon emissions . " Can we stay on topic please , " a White House official said during a background briefing after Trump ’s announcement . " I have not White House the President about his personal views on whether     I was not with the President on his trip , " the the President added . " I did not talk to the the President his personal the President on what a White House official to climate change . " 
 the President the President 