At a private luncheon in Washington , DC , a group of GOP establishment figures gathered to lament the rise of Donald Trump and discuss what can be done to defeat Donald Trump . [ a private luncheon in Washington, DC was filmed as part of an episode titled " The Reckoning " in the Showtime documentary series The Circus , which chronicles the 2016 race for the White House . Executive producers Mark Halperin and Mark McKinnon sat down with these establishment figures before Super Tuesday .   Below is a full transcript of their Executive producers Mark Halperin and Mark McKinnon : RICK HOHLT [ Major GOP Fundraiser ] : Everybody around this table that I know , we ’ve been in every Presidential campaign probably since 1980 , in various degrees . And in Trump ’s problem , he Trump n’t have a compass . You do n’t know what his a compass . MARK McKINNON [ GOP Strategist and Executive Producer of The Circus ] : And how problematic is that for the future of the party ? HOHLT : I think before it ’s all over , it ’s it na be hugely problematic . VIN WEBER [ Former Congressman ] : I talk to people all of the time , as I ’m sure everybody around the table does , and they say people all of the time " Why do n’t you Republicans do something about this guy ? " I ’m sorry ’m This is not the Soviet Union . We ca n’t call a meeting and decide Trump is out . RON KAUFMAN [ White House Advisor Bush 41 ] : And we hate We . [ Laughter ] KAUFMAN : RON KAUFMAN dictatorship   —    Who ’s for it ? Trump is Trump well for one reason . He understands Trump climate and the culture of America today better than anybody at this table . MARK HALPERIN [ Political Journalist and Executive Producer of The Circus ] : How do you feel about the fact that the Republican nominee may be someone that none of you know ? ED ROGERS [ White House Advisor Reagan , Bush 41 ] :   . Bewildered . Republicans are hierarchical , respectful of authority , and we fall Republicans line , and Trump has interrupted that cycle . WEBER : Donald Trump Trump thought of him as any Trump of political leader until six months ago . ROGERS : ED ROGERS ’s not Trump . He ’s not Trump . He ’s not Trump . All he has going Trump him is a Trump of votes . Why has n’t any of that hit home ? Here we are . Here we are . we GOEAS [ Pollster ,    Super PAC , McCain Campaign ] : I think everyone ’s kind of buying into this " he ’s inevitable Trump and that he ca n’t Trump stopped . I believe he can be Trump . HALPERIN : What are you doing or plan to do to stop him ? [ Trump ] : He ’s working Trump cable .   . Exactly . HALPERIN : What HALPERIN you doing ? GOEAS : We ’re working we it . We were effective we Iowa , and that was enough to knock him into second Trump McKINNON : None of us know who we ’re talking about . GOEAS : Our GOEAS PAC . [ Crosstalk ] :    Packer . HALPERIN : What HALPERIN your role in that PAC ? GOEAS : Polling GOEAS is    record . HALPERIN : But HALPERIN concerns you more   —    that he ’d lose the general if he were the he or how he ’d do he President ? MIKE DUNCAN [ Former GOP National Chairman ] : Losing the election . What we ’re facing is a choice between Hillary and Trump . GOEAS : So what you ’re saying is a vote for the least of two evils . HALPERIN : Do you know for sure Trump would be Trump better President than Hillary Clinton ? DUNCAN : No MIKE DUNCAN but it ’s a risk that I ’m willing to take . If we get off into splitting our party , we ca n’t we it back together . Humpty Dumpty wo n’t come back together . WEBER : That ’s the great dividing line , that question right there . HALPERIN : ‘ Cause you care more about him being President . WEBER : I WEBER scared of him as President him I think he ’s an him figure . To deport 12 million people , build a wall on the Mexican border , and impose a religious test on people coming into this country is so violative of everything I believe about America and the Republican Party . ROGERS : I travel around the world a lot , and Trump is a laughingstock . The world , the world is , is at peace with Hillary Clinton . KAUFMAN : The next President ’s gon na decide the direction of the Supreme Court for four years at minimum . Do you really want to give it to her ? the direction of the Supreme Court Warren Hillary Clinton be beating the crap out of her to make sure Mrs. Warren ’s some lefty pinko . So you know that ’s a fact . WEBER : Lefty pinko ? HOHLT : I mean , what does that mean ? But you ’re right . KAUFMAN : In the end , that ’s the question . WEBER : I ’ve WEBER voted for a Democrat . I ’ve never voted for anyone other than the Republican for the President of the United States . This would not be an easy thing for me . McKINNON : WEBER: I’ve never voted for a Democrat Martinis ? Watch the video above .    Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 