( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Major G. O. P. donors are warning the Republican National Committee to cut off Donald Trump or risk lasting damage to the party ’s image . In the House , some Republicans are gauging how Donald Trump ’s problems could affect them some Republicans Our election podcast The    goes behind the story of the two women who told us Our Mr. Donald Trump them inappropriately . Mr. Trump Donald Trump accusers liars Donald Trump President Obama campaigned for Hillary Clinton in Ohio . On Thursday night , Mr. Obama called President Obama situation a " swamp of crazy . " _ _ _ _ 2 . Cholera is stalking Haiti ’s southern peninsula in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew . The disease has killed Cholera 000 people since 2010 , when scientists say it was introduced by U. Cholera peacekeepers after the earthquake . Now it is ravaging remote areas Cholera clean water was already hard to find before the storm . _ _ _ _ 3 . The Justice Department announced it would track the use The Justice Department force by the police across the U. S. It ’s an effort to The Justice Department what officials say is a huge void in official data . ( The most comprehensive records on police shootings have come from databases built by news organizations . ) _ _ _ _ 4 . President Obama issued a sweeping directive on Cuba and loosened many trade restrictions . The move formalizes the changes announced two years ago   —    and sidesteps Congress , where Mr. Obama ’s call to President Obama embargo faced opposition . Among the changes ? You can now the changes announced two years ago   Cuban rum and cigars back to the U. S. for personal consumption . _ _ _ _ 5 . Rates for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act are going up . That ’s because not enough young , healthy people have signed up for the insurance markets it created . The Obama administration is the Affordable Care Act greater outreach President Obama younger Americans during the next enrollment period , which starts on Nov. 1 . _ _ _ _ 6 . In Aleppo , Syria , a drone video reveals destruction so complete that our architecture critic says it obliterates even a sense of time a drone video " At a glance , " he writes , " the video could show Berlin in 1945 a drone video , 2000 . Mass death erases all distinctions . " _ _ _ _ 7 . Bob Dylan , the latest Nobel Prize winner , spent his formative years as a performer in New he , a city he had a complicated , fertile romance with he We conjure what his life in Greenwich Village was like after he arrived in 1961 as a cherubic but he    . And if you want to learn more , a Harvard professor is teaching a whole class on Mr. Dylan . _ _ _ _ 8 . " The Rocky Horror Picture Show " was a flop when it was first released in 1975 , but The Rocky Horror Picture Show on to become a cult hit at midnight showings . And 41 years later , Laverne Cox is starring in a coming remake as Dr.     the    pansexual alien scientist . _ _ _ _ 9 . For your weekend planning : " Kevin Hart : What Now ? " is in theaters , and our critic said most of it was     funny , while also acknowledging that the comedian is basically " . " Our    experts recommend the comedian Kyle Kinane , the British show " The Durrells in Corfu " and the movie " Carol , " above , which is streaming on Showtime . _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , Part II of our discussion about eating fish . On Thursday we noted that eating fish is good for our . But a reader asked about the levels of mercury . Good point . Mercury can be Mercury for pregnant women and small children , but experts say fish remains preferable to red meat . And you can avoid mercury by skipping varieties that accumulate high levels of it : shark , swordfish , king mackerel mercury tilefish . Have a carefree weekend . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 