Washington ( CNN ) The White House on Wednesday took The White House first public steps to cordon off response efforts to the Russia probe from the     work of the administration , acknowledging openly that President Donald Trump had hired an outside attorney to handle the swirling controversy . Asked at an    briefing for reaction to upcoming congressional testimony from fired FBI Director James Comey , press secretary Sean Spicer referred questions for the first time to the newly named outside lawyer .   " We are focused on the President ’s agenda , " press secretary Sean Spicer said . " Going forward , all questions on these matters will be referred to outside counsel Marc Kasowitz . " Trump hired outside counsel Marc Kasowitz last week to lead a legal team focused on steering the President’s through the various investigations into Russia ’s election meddling . The a legal team focused on steering the President through the various investigations into Russia’s election meddling come increasingly close to Trump Trump circle , with investigators requesting documents from Trump ’s Trump and the the President’s     Jared Kushner under scrutiny for his contacts with Russian officials Jared Kushner Trump has repeatedly and Trump insisted that there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia Trump and has decried reports about the matter as false . Aside from Kasowitz , the White House is considering bringing on old campaign hands to help manage the fallout . Former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is bring considered to play a role , and has been spotted at the White House on several the White House past week . In creating a separate entity to handle the Russia fallout , the White Russia the fallout can the White House to executing the President ’s agenda , which has existing staffers stalled as aides and advisers work to respond to the Russia story . Trump has Russia to sign a major piece of legislation , and he is currently facing a series of major decisions , including Trump from the Paris climate accord , increasing troops in Afghanistan and naming a new FBI director . Daily White House briefings have been dominated by questions about Russia , and Trump ’s Russia feared the controversy could seep into Trump ’s Trump if he held a news conference . By Trump to outside lawyers , Trump hope the focus can return to Trump ’s agenda . But that would also require a concerted effort by Trump himself to avoid discussing the matter , something he has n’t demonstrated a willingness to do , at least on Twitter . the President himself raised the issue again Wednesday , writing that Democrats had " excoriated ( Trump campaign adviser ) Carter Page about Russia , do n’t want him to testify . " " He blows away their case against him   Trump wants to clear his name Trump showing ’the false or misleading Trump by James Comey , John Trump . .. ’ Witch Hunt ! " Trump wrote . 
 