WASHINGTON   —    Top House Democrats on Monday called on the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee to recuse the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee from the panel ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election , thrusting the entire inquiry into jeopardy amid what Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election described as mounting evidence the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee was too close to President Trump to be impartial . The demands followed revelations that the House Intelligence Committee chairman , Representative Devin Nunes of California , had met on White House grounds with a source who showed the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee secret American intelligence reports . The reports secret American intelligence reports Nunes said last week , showed that Mr. Trump or his closest associates Mr. Nunes have been " incidentally " swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies . The new revelation that the information actually came from a meeting held on the grounds of the White House intensified questions about what prompted Mr. Nunes to Mr. Nunes claim about the intelligence gathering , and who gave him the information . Mr. Nunes the information Schiff of California , the committee ’s top Democrat , and Nancy Pelosi of California , the House Democratic California , suggested that Mr. Nunes , who served on the Trump transition team , was simply too close to the White House to run an independent , thorough inquiry . " The public can not have the necessary confidence that matters involving the president ’s campaign or transition team can be objectively investigated or overseen by the chairman , " Mr. Mr. Schiff on Monday night . Still , Mr. Schiff stopped short of pulling Mr. Schiff ’s Democrats out of the investigation . Doing so could jeopardize Democrats’ influence over the inquiry and , importantly , their access to intelligence on possible ties between Trump associates and Moscow . The House Intelligence Committee is running one of the three investigations into Russian interference in the election , and possible ties between Trump associates and Russia . The Senate Trump associates Committee is running its The House Intelligence Committee the F. B. I. has The House Intelligence Committee out a broad counterintelligence investigation since July . By most accounts , the Senate and F. B. I. investigations remain on track , unlike the the F. B. I. which appears to have increasingly descended into a sideshow since its first public hearing a week ago . That was The House Intelligence Committee James B. Comey , the director of the F. B. I. publicly disclosed the bureau ’s investigation for the the F. B. I. later , Mr. Nunes made his first disclosure about Mr. Trump or his associates being caught in American intelligence gathering Mr. Nunes prompting critics to argue that he Mr. Nunes trying to shift attention and provide an assist to the White House at Mr. Nunes crucial moment . The revelation that Mr. Nunes had viewed intelligence materials on White House grounds the day before bolstering the Mr. Nunes case fueled damaging speculation that he the White House at the instruction of the president . That could prove fatal to the Mr. Nunes investigation , which has hinged on the ability of Mr. Ms. Pelosi to conduct a neutral inquiry while maintaining the trust and cooperation of Mr. Schiff Mr. Nunes Pelosi echoed Mr. Schiff ’s call for Mr. Nunes to recuse himself , saying his behavior had " tarnished " Mr. Schiff and urging Mr. Nunes D. Ryan to speak out . " Speaker himself must insist that Chairman Nunes himself least recuse himself from the    investigation immediately , " she said Speaker Paul D. Ryan statement . " That leadership is long overdue . Chairman Nunes In an apparent attempt to change the Speaker Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Trump on Monday night questioned why the House Intelligence Committee is not looking into connections between Hillary Clinton and Russian officials . A few minutes later , he posted a second message on Twitter , concluding , " Trump Russia story is a hoax . " The spokesman Mr. Trump Mr. Nunes , Jack Langer , said the congressman met with his source at the White House because he needed access to a secure location where people with Mr. Trump can legally view Mr. Trump information . But such facilities can Mr. Trump be found in the Capitol building , and at other locations across Washington . Senator Mark R. Warner of Virginia , the Democratic vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , called it " more than Mr. Warner would " have to be escorted " while there . " Who is he meeting with ? " Mr. Warner said in an interview with NBC . " Was it a source or somebody from the Mr. Nunes ? " Mr. Langer did not address those concerns on Monday . In Mr. Nunes brief statement , he said : " Chairman Nunes met with his source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where he could view the information provided by the source . " He Mr. Langer , " The chairman is extremely concerned Chairman Nunes the possible improper unmasking of names of U. S. citizens , and he began looking into Chairman Nunes issue even before President Trump tweeted his source at the White House grounds that the Mr. Langer Tower had been Chairman Nunes " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said on Monday that White House Mr. Langer had no previous knowledge of Mr. Nunes ’s visit to the White President Trump grounds , saying the only information he had came from " public reports . " He also said officials were " not concerned " about the prospect that someone within the executive branch had leaked classified the White House Nunes . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York Mr. Nunes’s the Democratic leader , accused Mr. Nunes of Mr. Nunes’s not only the committee ’s tradition of bipartisanship but also Congress itself Mr. Ryan not been cooperating like someone who is interested in getting to the unvarnished Mr. Nunes’s " Mr. Schumer said . Acknowledging that the incidental collection from surveillance appeared to be legal Mr. Nunes’s Mr. Nunes last week said Mr. Nunes’s surrounded additional names Mr. Nunes’s may have been improperly " unmasked . " Normally , intelligence agencies mask the identities of Mr. Schiff Mr. Schiff said that Mr. Nunes also Mr. Nunes’s anyone viewing the distributed Mr. Nunes’s could decipher whom they were discussing even though the names were masked . Mr. Nunes repeatedly declined to offer any details about the source of what he characterized as " dozens " of classified intelligence Mr. Nunes’s which Mr. Schiff accused him of viewing in a "    excursion . " Mr. Nunes said only that the information had Mr. Nunes’s him after the committee ’s public hearing on Monday anyone viewing the distributed reports On Friday Mr. Nunes’s Mr. additional names that may have been improperly "unmasked to say whether that information had come from the White House Mr. Nunes’s " You can ask me every single name that Mr. Nunes’s the planet , and I ’m Mr. Schiff going Mr. Nunes’s tell you who our sources are , " he told reporters . Mr. Nunes’s then defended his decision to bypass Mr. Schiff and go to the White House , saying he felt a " duty " to tell Mr. Trump because the information " relentless " political attacks . " If we would have crossed paths in Mr. Nunes’s hall , maybe Mr. Nunes’s have said something Mr. Nunes’s him , " Mr. Nunes said in an interview . " But what Mr. Nunes’s was trying to do was get to the president as quick as possible . " At that the White House Trump seized on the information , saying he felt " somewhat " vindicated in his wiretapping Mr. Nunes’s against former Mr. Nunes’s Obama   —    debunked by the F. B. I. director and the director of the National Security Agency , as well as the heads of the Senate and House investigations , including Mr. Nunes . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 