  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump defended President Donald Trump Saturday against criticisms of President Donald Trump stay at President Donald Trump golf course in Bedminster , New Jersey , this weekend , saying it is saving the country money . " The reason I am staying in Bedminster , N. J. a beautiful community , is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive , " President Donald Trump tweeted .   Trump President Donald Trump to Manhattan Thursday night for the first time in his President Donald Trump to meet with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , who joined the President Donald Trump commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea aboard the USS Intrepid , the aircraft     parked along Manhattan ’s Manhattan Side . But rather than staying Trump Tower just several blocks east , he is President Donald Trump the weekend at Trump National Golf Club , about an hour away from the Big Apple .   Trump initially Trump National Golf Club the move in a tweet on Friday morning : " Rather than causing a big disruption in N. Y. C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster , N. J. this weekend the weekend saves country money ! "    And the White House backed up the President ’s assertion later in the day . " The bottom line is the President is the President no matter the President goes , " White the President deputy the White House Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in response to a question about Trump ’s tweet . " And he does n’t get to control the President level of costs in security that may come along with that . " This is the 14th consecutive weekend that the President has visited a    the President taking office and the eighth weekend he has spent away from the nation the President capital .   Critics have decried the costs incurred by these frequent trips : Trump ’s travel to his private club in     Florida , Trump’s estimated to have cost more than $ 21 million dollars in his first 80 days in office . Trump’s latest bipartisan spending bill includes $ 60 million to help reimburse local governments for what they pay to protect the President during The latest bipartisan spending bill visits .   CNN ’s Dan the President , Jeff Zeleny and Julia Horowitz contributed to this report . 
 