Washington ( CNN ) The Justice Department on Wednesday named Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee The Justice Department investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election . The former FBI director has a long history with investigations and prosecutions . Mueller was Robert Mueller FBI director FBI Comey ’s predecessor . President Donald Trump fired Comey last former FBI director James Comey’s .   The longtime litigator was the    FBI FBI history , only behind iconic and controversial director J. Edgar Hoover . Congress passed legislation in 2011 to extend Mueller ’s Robert Mueller from the usual 10 years , giving him a    Mueller’s . Mueller , 72 , oversaw the FBI from FBI , 2001 , just days before the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , until September 4 , 2013 .   Mueller is Robert Mueller seen as a nonpolitical , dogged investigator , respected on both sides of the aisle . The extension of his term Robert Mueller the Senate    and he was Robert Mueller initially confirmed in 2001 unanimously ,   .   Since leaving the FBI , Mueller FBI been a stranger to    investigations . In 2015 , Mueller conducted Robert Mueller inquiry into the NFL ’s handling of a video of former running back Ray Rice punching his   . And last Ray Rice , Mueller was Robert Mueller by Booz Allen Hamilton to conduct a security review after a contractor was arrested for allegedly stealing national security secrets .   Philip Mudd , a CNN contributor and former deputy director of the FBI ’s national security branch under Mueller , Robert Mueller the appointment to CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on CNN .   " Every American who thinks that this is a moment of turmoil , whether they like the President or not , should breathe easy tonight : Robert Muller is solid ground , " Mudd said .   " He is not one of Robert Muller best , Robert Mueller , he is the best I Robert Muller saw . Leadership , judgment , " he added . " There Robert Muller nobody better at doggedly pursuing a target without being subjected to any pressures from Congress , the President , the media , anybody in the FBI , the attorney general , the deputy attorney general . There is nobody better . " Atop the FBI , Mueller saw the FBI through Robert Mueller time of tremendous change in a     world . His tenure saw the rise Robert Mueller al Qaeda as a threat , the vast expansion of US surveillance capabilities and an increase in the threat from    terrorism . Mueller reflected on the changes Robert Mueller an exit interview with CNN in 2013 , saying the intelligence collection capabilities the US built since    could possibly have stopped part of the attacks .    Mueller also was part of    famous incident with Comey     a dramatic 2004 dispute over the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program .   Comey was serving as acting attorney Comey     as    General John Ashcroft was hospitalized . Comey refused to reauthorize the controversial Comey     administration program over concerns about Bush legality of the surveillance .   The White House counsel and chief of staff rushed to the hospital to attempt to get Ashcroft to sign the reauthorization     General John Ashcroft Comey rushed to stop them , Comey     the program was The White House counsel and chief of staff reauthorized without the controversial Bush administration program over concerns about the legality of the surveillance approval . Mueller ’s notes backed up Comey ’s account when the incident Comey     revealed three years later , and Mueller joined Comey in threatening to resign Mueller Comey     if the program was not overhauled .    the controversial Bush administration program over concerns about the legality of the surveillance FBI stint capped a long career Mueller in law , including breaking ground .   After decorated service in the Marine Corps in Vietnam , Mueller graduated from University of Virginia Law School Mueller according to his FBI biography .   He worked for 12 years in the US his ’s offices , serving for some time as chief of the criminal division in the Northern District of California in San Francisco , and also working as an assistant US attorney in Boston .   He worked for a time in the private his before moving back into government as an assistant to the attorney general in 1989 , moving quickly to run the department ’s criminal division .   As chief of the criminal division , Mueller saw the creation of the agency ’s his    unit , putting himself on the leading edge of a field his crime fighting and national security that has only grown more important .   Prior to joining the FBI in 2001 , after he left Justice Department headquarters , Mueller served his the US attorney in San his .   After leaving the FBI , Mueller joined private law firm the FBI from his he is resigning to take the special counsel his .    Mueller is married and has two daughters . his 