’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan attempted to lift the horizons of the Republican Party with a speech last week in which ’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan called for a competition of ideas rather than insults , and constructive political debate rather than the politics of demonization.’ " ’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan speech was aimed at pulling the Republican Party away from Donald Trump ’s embrace   —    though he ’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan actually mentioned Trump by name . Events quickly showed what he ’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan up against . " ’The speaker was quickly drowned out by a snarling argument between Trump and Donald Trump Ted Cruz of Texas over their wives Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas almost eclipsed the terrorist attacks in Brussels in the U. S. media.’ " By week ’s end , the Republican race had gone into the gutter over tabloid charges of infidelity , which the senator vehemently denied and for which he blamed the senator New York billionaire , who called it unfounded . A race that seemed already at the bottom managed to find another low . " " Ryan ’s speech was a relatively    moment in the middle of this mud fight of a Republican nominating contest . His effort the senator rescue the party the Republican Party coming crisis is laudable , but the root causes of the condition go far beyond Trump . " " The    for the nomination of the Republican Party is as much a reflection of the condition as the condition , a reality that Ryan ( . ) touched on only lightly in calling for a more positive and uplifting approach to politics by all sides . Which means stopping Trump alone wo n’t Trump solve all of the party ’s the Republican Party ’Four years ago , scholars Thomas Mann , then with the Brookings Institution , and Norman Ornstein , then and now with the American Enterprise Institute , published a book examining the breakdown in American politics . It was titled " It’ ’s Even Worse Than It Looks . " ’ ’The It’ took aim at the gridlocked and dysfunctional politics of Washington and the broader issue of political polarization that has become endemic in recent years . They were unsparing but not    ’The authors their critique . They were ahead ’The authors others in ’The authors the underlying causes of polarization as asymmetrical , with the Republican Party   —    in particular its most    faction   — the Republican Party   as deserving of far more of the blame for the breakdown in governing.’ ’’ ’Mann and Ornstein are back again with a second and updated paperback edition , called " It’ ’s Even Worse Than It Was . " The paperback It’ in the middle of the most raucous presidential campaign in memory , one that has exposed even more the fissures , fractures and divisions within the Republican Party coalition.’ " What played out primarily in the party ’s congressional wing has come to consume the presidential nominating contest . In their own ways , Trump and primarily in the party have brought to the surface the economic and cultural anger among many of those in the party ’s base as well the party of the party leadership   —    the same motivating forces behind the Freedom Caucus rebels in the House Republican conference . " ’The current campaign only adds fuel to the    thesis of a Republican Party at war with itself in ways that have helped cripple the ’The current campaign process . Trump and Cruz reflect the yearning within the Republican base for    outsiders to topple the insiders in Washington.’ ’Ohio Gov. John Kasich , the third remaining candidate for the nomination , is a dissenting voice , calling for cooperation and compromise . At this point , he is not just a dissenting voice ; he is a minority voice in the presidential he , unless he can start winning more primaries.’ " Trump he Ryan represent bookends in a political debate that has considerable consequences for the Republican Party and for the country . Trump ’s position as    not only highlights the degree to which the party is being taken over by    the Republican Party also foreshadows the possibility of a significant defeat in November if , as the GOP nominee , Trump is unable to reverse his standing among women Trump Hispanics , African Americans Trump other voting groups . " ’Ryan represents something far different , politics grounded in ideas and policies and an attitude of goodwill toward the opposition that he inherited from his mentor , Jack Kemp , the former House he from Buffalo who prodded his party to be more open and inclusive.’ " he Ryan ’s speech left unanswered key questions about his capacity to change the behavior of his party Ryan’s conference in the House and in Ryan’s to which he is willing to find a governing coalition apart from the Ryan’s in the Freedom Caucus . " " As the country ’s    Republican elected official , Ryan symbolizes the establishment ’s backlash to Trump ’s candidacy , a backlash that has so far failed to stop the New York businessman ’s march to the nomination . The resistance might yet succeed . Whether it does or does n’t , it raises the question of The resistance this presidential campaign ultimately will The resistance a true course change for the party or merely end up intensifying the forces that have the Republican Party to this moment . " ’’ ’I put that question this presidential campaign Ornstein in an email exchange Friday : " This really is , I believe , an existential crisis for the Republican Party , " he wrote . " Will it be a    conservative ,    Ornstein , or will it This either a    authoritarian , nativist and protectionist party , This a    radical    party content with blowing things up as they now stand ? Or , just as possible , will the party break apart , with no clue as to what will the Republican Party or how the pieces will fit into the broader political system ? the Republican Party ’ " The prospects for a crackup are real , given what Trump ’s candidacy has revealed about the party ’s fractured coalition . Trump ’s views on issues , outlined the Republican Party trail and in a recent Trump’s with The Washington Post editorial board , represent a fundamental break with many of the conservative ideas that have been at the party ’s core for years . " " Trump ’s constituency finds his support the Republican Party rather than transforming Social Security and Medicare appealing . His words of Trump’s constituency for the work of Planned Parenthood , apart from performing abortions , Trump’s constituency anathema to many religious conservatives . His views on trade run counter to the    philosophy of the GOP elites . His Trump’s constituency about reevaluating the U. S. role in NATO shocked many in the Republican    Trump’s constituency . " " That ’s the threat Ryan and others in the party see as they watch the nominating contest move into the next rounds of primaries the Republican Party it is n’t the Republican Party that what the speaker advocated in his speech would be enough to put the Republican Party in a better place , even absent Trump . House Republicans are still an unruly group and , with some exceptions , the GOP still prefers to try to do business with itself . " ’The Republican Party remains the Republican Party of protest . It continues to struggle to demonstrate the Republican Party , on the the Republican Party , it can be a true governing the Republican Party ’dan . balz@washpost . com’ ’This article was from   and was the Republican Party licensed through the NewsCred publisher network.’ ’House Speaker Paul D. Ryan attempted to lift . .. ’ 
 