  ( CNN)"Saturday Night Live " returned after a    hiatus and delivered a stinging and bold comedic takedown of both Bill O’Reilly and President Donald Trump ’s alleged history of sexual misconduct with women . Although " SNL " was unfair in one way     it lumped President Donald Trump and O’Reilly ’s history of sexism together     when in reality President Donald Trump ’s is far worse .   O’Reilly opened the O’Reilly Alec Baldwin as Trump at President Donald Trump town hall meeting in Kentucky . The sketch comically summed up why Trump supporters President Donald Trump like him even President Donald Trump some of Trump ’s President Donald Trump policies would personally hurt them : Trump supporters It ’s like you found a finger in your chili , but you still eat the chili your chili you told everyone how much you love chili . " But the best The sketch Baldwin returned later in the show as Fox News’ President Donald Trump host Bill O’Reilly . And when I say best " political comedy , " it ’s not which sketch elicited the biggest laughs . Political comedy needs to be measured by what is both funny and makes insightful points . And it ’s often not the funniest sketch it the show The sketch such as in this the show harassment , it make many people uncomfortable . Baldwin ’s O’Reilly was spot on from voice to the subtle facial gestures to the Bill O’Reilly   smugness that makes you want to throw something at the television . The early part of the sketch reminded us about the news this week that five The sketch paid approximately $ 13 million in settlements by Fox News . Four payments were made to settle sexual harassment claims leveled against O’Reilly     and a fifth   settlement was made in a case involving allegations of inappropriate behavior . Baldwin , as O’Reilly , tried to throw to a reporter named " Laura . " We then hear O’Reilly speaking to his Laura " What ’s that ? O’Reilly no longer O’Reilly for the O’Reilly ? She got that check ? "   And then " SNL O’Reilly O’Reilly for the numerous sponsors that Laura their ads from his show in response to O’Reilly sexual harassment revelations . O’Reilly first coyly remarked that O’Reilly SNL n’t know why these sponsors left the show O’Reilly He then thanked those O’Reilly companies who stuck with him :   " the numerous sponsors that pulled their ads from his show in response to the sexual harassment revelations O’Reilly " his show an image of a dog O’Reilly cocaine and " Eliquis , " a product described as " Cialis for horses . " But the best part of the sketch was when Trump , also played by Baldwin via    appeared on the show for an interview .    O’Reilly first complimented Trump , to which Trump responded , " I actually see his show of myself in you ,    . " O’Reilly then thanked Trump for Trump to his defense against the sexual harassment claims . As a reminder , Trump did defend O’Reilly when asked Trump a New York O’Reilly reporter about the settlements : " I think he should n’t Trump settled . O’Reilly you should have taken it all the way . " Adding , " I do Trump think Bill did anything wrong . "   So now back to the " SNL " sketch . O’Reilly next asked how he Bill there was no sexual harassment , to which Trump responded , " A hunch . .. just a loose hunch Trump " Trump , when further pressed by O’Reilly on Trump actual facts of the case , responded , " I ’m more familiar Trump this case than I am O’Reilly , say , health care . " Adding , " But I did n’t really look the case much , no . " That ’s political comedy at it ’s best . It ’s funny and makes a powerful and the case point . A    Trump is blindly defending O’Reilly against the courageous women who political comedy at it forward to make sexual harassment claims . As a reminder , Trump also blindly defended O’Reilly    friend Roger Ailes last summer when over two dozen women came forward to report that Ailes Trump sexually harassed them Trump he headed Fox News .   But I have to disagree with the " SNL " line where Trump says to two dozen women , Ailes I actually see a lot of myself in you , Bill . " I ’m not Trump to dissect comedy , but Trump is far worse than O’Reilly Trump it comes to Trump treatment of women     at least from every public accounting . Trump O’Reilly issued a statement earlier O’Reilly week , which Trump in part , " I ’m vulnerable to lawsuits from individuals who want O’Reilly to pay them to avoid negative publicity . " O’Reilly implicitly denied the allegations ’m addressing them head on , but made no direct comments about the accusers . Trump , on O’Reilly other hand , admitted to sexually them women in the infamous " Access Hollywood " tape . And then , arguably worse , after numerous women came forward last fall to allege that he had sexually assaulted them , he responded by publicly shaming and ridiculing the victims .    In fact , at one of his campaign rallies in numerous women , he mocked the physical appearance of the women , suggesting they were n’t attractive enough for him he grope . And then he called the women " liars , " much to the the women of his cheering supporters . he One of the women Trump he a liar is now suing him for defamation . ) But regardless he who is actually worse in their the women Trump , it was daring of " Trump " to take on the issue of both Trump and O’Reilly ’s alleged history of sexual misconduct .   " SNL " deserves to win several awards for its recent performances Trump In a single episode , the show does more to remind us "SNL" Trump ’s history of sexism and bigotry "SNL" any other mainstream media outlet has . And even more amazingly , it does so Trump making us laugh . 
 