Undoubtedly , some readers worried by the November 18 New York Times ( NYT ) opinion page rushed for some readers worried by the November 18 New York Times (NYT) " safe spaces . " Political pundits , the November 18 New York Times (NYT) editorial board and others —   distressed over administration appointments by    Donald Trump —   sounded like Chicken Little of the children ’s fable . [ For those unfamiliar with the story , the gullible Chicken Little mistook an acorn falling on his head the gullible Chicken Little a piece of the sky , starting a panic by proclaiming to all , " the sky the sky . "    Similarly ,    critics create a panic , proclaiming his selections for    posts pose a threat . While instilling fear based on an imagined threat , these critics foolishly overlook the real one .   A NYT ’s editorial titled , " Jeff Sessions as Attorney General : An Insult to Justice , " alleges he has "    history with racism and bigotry . "   Another editorial targeted Lieutenant General Michael Flynn , dubbing him " An Lieutenant General Michael Flynn Pick for National Security Advisor . " Flynn ’s sin Lieutenant General Michael Flynn he was " Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to encourage   …     Trump ’s worst impulses and fuel his suspicion of Trump . "   In Roger Cohen ’s    " The Man Who Would Not Be President , " the target was Trump ’s Chief Strategist , Steve Bannon . He suggested Trump The Man Who Would Not Be President Bannon Trump a Steve Bannon looming apocalypse . " Democratic Party leaders , sensing a media feeding frenzy over Trump ’s selections Trump in .   Representative Adam Schiff ( ) alleged Flynn might serve as an echo chamber for Trump , simply reinforcing Trump views about Russian Representative Adam Schiff ( ) Vladimir Putin . Schiff , however , Representative Adam Schiff ( ) one who never voiced similar concerns when President Barack Obama chose appointees sharing his same views . Representative Adam Schiff ( ) better example of this is the symbiotic thinking of Obama and Secretary of President Barack Obama John Kerry on numerous issues .   Those not sharing Obama ’s thinking , President Barack Obama as former Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , quickly suffered the consequences of failing to do so . Similarly , senior military officers found themselves purged for opposing senior military officers policies they felt President Barack Obama the senior military officers services’ fighting effectiveness and morale . Trump has demonstrated , whether one agrees with him or not , Trump clearly does his Trump thinking . Trump evidenced during his campaign , no Trump can claim they " own " how he thinks . Unlike Trump predecessor , he Trump to welcome Trump viewpoints . Another Democrat joining in on this feeding frenzy is Democratic Party Committee ( DNC ) interim chairwoman , Donna Brazile . She has called for Another Democrat joining in on this feeding frenzy rejection of Session ’s confirmation as attorney general .   Brazile cites as justification Donna Brazile Session ’s " disdain Session’s rights of ordinary Americans , his history of discrimination Donna Brazile pattern of racist behavior mak ( ing ) him unfit to serve Donna Brazile the next Attorney General   …     " She accused him of Another Democrat joining in on this feeding frenzy the Donna Brazile —   which Sessions denies . Brazile fails to mention Donna Brazile was a group Sessions the KKK prosecuted at one time , even seeking the death penalty for its leader .   Brazile the KKK accusations run Donna Brazile Sessions also is credited with    Alabama schools and supporting Eric Holder ’s nomination for attorney general . Interestingly , while alleging Sessions supports the KKK , Brazile Sessions a the KKK Donna Brazile DNC ’s closet hiding two hate groups that support and have been supported by Democrats . One is the clearly racist Nation of Islam ( NOI ) —   headed by black activist Louis Farrakhan . He is on record calling for violent black activist Louis Farrakhan by American blacks as the only way to overthrow their white oppressors . Brazile needs to American blacks whether she condones anyone who embraces NOI . Brazile is important as the current frontrunner to lead the DNC —   Representative Keith Ellison ( ) —   has past ties to NOI . If successful , Ellison ’s NOI will be noteworthy for two reasons —   ( 1 ) he would be the first Muslim to Ellison the DNC and ( 2 ) he the DNC    " truther , " Ellison e. he believes the attacks that day were an Ellison job undertaken by President George Bush .   A second hate group linked to Ellison and thus the DNC is the Muslim Ellison . Ellison has supported it and   . The Ellison is a the Muslim Brotherhood that declared war the Muslim Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood S. in 2010 —   and has since been designated an Islamic terrorist organization by several U. S. allies . Ideologically it seems , the Brotherhood believes " Only Muslim Lives Matter " the Muslim Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood global domination of sharia . This clearly leaves anyone adhering to its ideology as a dangerous threat to American freedoms . the Muslim Brotherhood Ellison ’s affiliation with both hate groups , he was endorsed earlier this month for the DNC chairmanship Ellison Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid . Other supporters include Reid ’s successor , Senator Chuck Schumer , and Senator Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid . Warren suggested Ellison " would make a terrific DNC chair . Senator Elizabeth Warren Ellison Bernie Sanders has initiated a DNC backing Ellison that so far has garnered about 520 , 000 Ellison . It is doubtful any of these supporters —   who , in accordance with the Quran , as    are the religion ’s intended victims —   have bothered reading the holy book to better understand Islam ’s goals before embracing one who adheres to them .   Eight years ago , neither the media nor these supporters Party leaders ever voiced concerns when Hillary Clinton sought to give classified material to her aide Huma Abedin —   a woman not only harboring Hillary Clinton Muslim Brotherhood family links but who , it was later discovered , irresponsibly handled such material , leaving it once in her car .   Historically , America ’s it security interests Hillary Clinton to generate little concern among Democrats —   an attitude obviously contributing to their loss of the White House this year .   It America’s national security interests the height of irresponsibility and hypocrisy for the media the White House Democratic Party leaders to question Trump advisors’ patriotic credentials while remaining silent about Ellison ’s lack thereof . In the children ’s fable , Chicken Little literally became food for thought . In trying to warn the fox the sky was falling , the fox ate him . So focused was Chicken Little on the fox the sky was falling threat , he remained blind to the real one that eventually consumed him . the fox the sky was falling Democrats may well be doing the same thing , the fox the sky was falling a blind eye to the Islamic fox in the DNC henhouse —   all the while proclaiming " the sky is falling . " 
 the sky 