As Donald Trump prepares to take office , R. R. Reno of First Things is feeling " guardedly optimistic . " The editor of the conservative , religious magazine cautiously supported the Republican ’s candidacy . R. R. Reno of First Things does not believe Donald Trump will fix what R. R. Reno of First Things sees as America ’s frayed social contract . But R. R. Reno of First Things does think the incoming president will disrupt the current political system , which R. R. Reno of First Things considers deeply flawed . The    Showdowns Coming in 2017 , I spoke with R. R. Reno of First Things about R. R. Reno of First Things outlook for the coming administration . We discussed R. R. Reno of First Things reasons for supporting Trump ( " I was as much voting against the fantasy of open borders as I was voting for [ Trump ’s ] policies , " he R. R. Reno of First Things ) the    ( a kind of performance art , he R. R. Reno of First Things ) and how Christian principles should influence policy ( " Americans are uniquely tempted to imagine that we are a church    …      This is one of the reasons why we ’re such a dangerous country , " he R. R. Reno of First Things ) . At its center , though , our conversation was about the possibilities and limits of    democracy —   what makes a nation , and what ’s happening to visions of a global ,    world . Reno has sketched an intellectual framework for supporting Trump . As the new U. S. president translates his the new U. S. president rhetoric into actual policies , this an intellectual framework for supporting Trump be tested . It may an intellectual framework for supporting Trump provide a useful way of tracking how firmly Trump comes Trump oppose the forces of globalization , as Reno Reno hoping he will Trump The discussion below has been edited for clarity and length . Emma Green : Why do you support Trump ? Trump Reno I wrote against him in February for Trump issue of National Review —   the " Never Trump " issue . My argument was that the Republican Party deserved Trump because its elites Trump so the Republican Party of touch with the voters . I did n’t take Trump seriously —   Trump thought he was a vanity Trump out to burnish his brand . But Trump was the nationalist Trump . America ’s social contract is frayed , and people are no longer confident that the people who are leading them have the same people as they do . You the people who are leading them this in reactions to the election from liberals . They feel disenfranchised , the people who are leading them like people on the right would have felt disenfranchised by Hillary Clinton ’s election . That ’s a bad sign for society , when people feel like losing an election is akin to being cast out in the cold . Green : You wrote about this anxiety for the upcoming issue of First Things —   this feeling people have of being homeless in their own country . people do you make of this anxiety ? What this anxiety sense of where it comes from ? Reno : The    era is ending . The Cold War posed an existential threat that kept people in a state of unity . After 1989 , a lot of those unifying forces weakened . And globalization has had a powerful effect . We ’re at the center of the globalizing project in the United States . We ’re the prime beneficiaries We but at the same time , we ’re experiencing it in We particularly acute way . It ’s not clear what it politics and society are We . Green : I think a Muslim who is unhappy with the election outcome might say , " No , I ’m anxious right now because I believe Donald Trump might put me on a registry , " or " I have family members who are immigrants and they might be deported . family members who are immigrants Reno : Those are legitimate fears . Green : And they ’re based on specific Those Trump has said , or Donald Trump people tapped for his administration have said . Donald Trump these fears shaped your public and private support for Trump ? Reno : It Donald Trump difficult Reno be a Muslim in the West , because you look like the people who are trying to kill people . But you ca n’t have mass terrorism without people being fearful of Muslims . Responsible leadership tries to minimize that , because it ’s irrational . We ’re fortunate in the United States : We have a small Muslim We , and we also have a strong We of civil liberties . That combination makes me optimistic that we wo n’t have mass We or internment camps . That ’s not a rational fear . Green : But Trump and his surrogates have suggested these Trump are very possible . Like when a Trump surrogate went on Megyn Trump ’s Fox News show and pointed to Japanese internment as the legal precedent for a Muslim registry —   a policy Trump has appeared to support Trump Or Kris Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state who may be considered for an administration position , carrying a memo into a meeting with Trump detailing how immigrants and Trump will be tested for their belief in Sharia law immigrants and refugees Reno : I can never get my hands around what the concrete worry is . Mass deportations ? That seems so far from anything that ’s possible it strikes me as an irrational worry . But special screenings of refugees from Middle Eastern countries ? That ’s quite realistic . We do n’t know how severe terrorism will become . Maybe it ’s already crested , in which case , these are pointless worries . But maybe it will get worse . it have talked to friends —   moderate friends —   who basically ca n’t defend any limitations on immigration . Limiting Muslim immigration may seem unnecessary now , but what about a terrorist incident where 1 , 000 people died —   would that justify it ? My friends would say , " No . " What about 10 , 000 people ? They ’d say , " What about 10, 000 people , it ’s never justified . it Well , what about if 100 , 000 people get killed with a dirty bomb ? At some point , the person is not a serious person if they do n’t allow that 100, 000 people are situations where you would have to use dire measures to protect the citizens of our country . That ’s why some voters voted for Trump . They were beginning to suspect some voters the people who run the country are not , our country serious . Green : Some of Trump ’s immigration policy was premised Trump fear of terrorism . But much of it was putatively based on creating Some of Trump’s immigration policy and strengthening the economy —   or , you could argue , it was based on stereotypes about Some of Trump’s immigration policy from Mexico and Latin America . Reno : That they ’re criminals , bad people , that sort of thing . Green : Right , exactly . That strikes me as a different attraction for voters . In what way did Trump ’s rhetoric and promise to build a border wall and limit immigration seem to you to be the right path for the country ? Reno : I never took the Reno thing seriously . I took it as a dramatic symbol for the wall thing control of our immigration . If we have open borders , who wins and who loses ? It seems obvious to me that a     person like myself gets cheaper labor to clean me house and cut my lawn , and my neighbor down the street with a    education is the one who loses . Green : So your support for limiting immigration , particularly from Latin America , is an economic argument ? Reno : No , it ’s not . It ’s a political argument . it ca n’t have a country if you do n’t have borders . When I voted for Trump , I was as much voting against the fantasy of open borders as I was voting for his policies , which were never Trump clear , anyways . Hillary Clinton could have laid out a plan about how to limit illegal immigration , and what to do about the 11 million people who are here illegally . But she did n’t , because on Hillary Clinton left , you can not publicly have a policy that limits immigration . I mean , can you think of any Democrats who have a public position that limits immigration ? Green : Well , the Obama administration has deported more people than the George W. Bush administration did , or any other president . Reno : But do they have a public policy on more people than the George W. Bush administration ? When you ’re voting a public policy public positions make a difference . If you ’re concerned that we ’re moving toward a    globalist future where there are no borders —   which is my concern —   you ’re going to vote for the candidate who is opposed to that future . I hope Trump implements immigration policies in a humane way , and I ’ll certainly be a spokesman against him if he does n’t . Trump : Trump being a Christian affect your views on immigration ? When there was a surge on the border in 2014 , and particularly children fleeing violence in Central America , Christian organizations , including Catholic dioceses on the border , were often the the border to offer them places to stay . How do particularly children fleeing violence in Central America, Christian organizations, including Catholic dioceses on the border merge your viewpoints as a citizen of the United States and a Christian public thinker ? Reno : It ’s a mistake to expect the laws of the country to reflect the imperatives of the United States Testament and the Sermon on the Mount . I applaud the efforts of the Church to provide for people in need , regardless of where they ’re from or how they got here . But I think it they a mistake to turn around and expect a nation to act that way . Americans are uniquely tempted to imagine that we are a church , and that we are a universal nation . This is we of the reasons why we ’re such a dangerous country . In a globalist vision of the future , somebody coming from Nicaragua wins , and a person who is born in Sacramento loses . And a person who runs a company in Silicon Valley really wins , big time . Green : How does the person in Silicon Valley win ? Reno a person who is born in Sacramento a meritocracy Silicon Valley from having a global stage on which to act . It ’s not an accident that we have growing income inequality in an era of globalization . Green : But what ’s the argument against people from Nicaragua being able to come here , escape Nicaragua and violence , and make a better life ? Reno : Well Reno how many ? Green : I guess that ’s up to you . What ’s your ideal level of legal immigration ? Reno : That Reno a policy argument . I ’m not sure I have any dog in that fight . We are a nation that has always had immigration —   no one is arguing that we should not have immigrants . Green : But you think a low number of new immigrants is probably better ? Reno : Moderate Reno We have to have a welcoming ,    society that is capable of maintaining social unity . I would argue that you ca n’t have    democracy —   there are no    democracies . They ’re all in states of civil war or parts of empires . Green no   democracies Well , but the United States is a the United States Reno : No , it Reno not . It ’s very the United States . When foreigners the United States to the United States , they ’re always the United States homogeneous we are . We just do a very good job of foreigners people and making them into Americans . Green : we if by " " you do n’t mean a diversity of people , a diversity of ethnic backgrounds , a diversity of national origins , and a diversity of individual political ideologies —   all of which the U. S. has —   what do you mean ? Reno : Shared heritage , Reno identity . When you ’re traveling abroad and you meet another American , it does n’t matter if they ’re Asian , African American , or whatever —   you hang out with them , because Shared heritage, common identity have shared habits of mind and sensibilities . Green : So you ’re pointing Shared heritage, common identity a cohesive sense of national identity . Reno : I think that Reno pretty strong in the United States . Green the United States you feeling about the administration as it ’s shaping up ? Are you feeling optimistic the Obama administration ? Reno the Obama administration I ’m guardedly optimistic . Reno biggest worry is that the administration will become a conventional Republican administration . That would be a the Obama administration Green : Is there evidence to suggest that will happen ? Reno : Well , some of his Reno are pretty straightforward Republican types : You have Mike Pence , [ the vice president , ] and Reince Priebus , [ the chief of staff ] . But then there ’s Stephen Bannon , [ Trump ’s senior counselor and West Wing strategist , ] Rex Trump , [ the secretary of state , ] and the generals [ who have been appointed to various positions ] . Those are not    Republicans . Green : Do you like Bannon ? Reno : I ’ve never met him Reno He seems like a firebrand . He gave a speech at the Stephen Bannon about capitalism that struck me as very Stephen Bannon — Stephen Bannon that without a spiritual basis Stephen Bannon it ’s quite destructive . Green : Are you familiar with Breitbart and some of the things that ran on that website while Bannon oversaw it ? Reno : I do n’t follow Breitbart Reno Every once in a while , they link to something Stephen Bannon post , and we get a huge amount of Breitbart . But I ’ve looked at it . Who ’s that guy —   Milo we …      Green : Yiannopoulos . Reno : Yeah . He strikes a huge amount of traffic Reno a performance artist on the right , much like that woman who smeared chocolate on herself . He Breitbart the equivalent of her , in a way . I ’m not sure I quite grasp the furor that woman who smeared chocolate on herself people Breitbart him . I never that woman who smeared chocolate on herself that way against Andres Serrano , who had the " Piss Christ , " where he put Breitbart crucifix in the jar of urine , which created a big furor among the Christian right . I kind Breitbart rolled my eyes —   it was such a tired trope . People who transgress on the right do it for the same reason why people transgress on the left : It ’s a way of gaining some kind of existential freedom from a system that ’s extremely constraining . There ’s not it room on the left anymore for bad boys . I think the right is actually attractive to people who want to be transgressive at the left . That ’s why you get this    stuff . Some of it is perverse and sincere in some ways , I suppose , but I see a lot of it as performance art . Green : Do you think it ’s constructive and useful ? Reno : I Reno not that interested it it . I think it ’s fake , just it I think a lot of performance art on the left is fake . it is not the it word —   it ’s sincere at some dimension . We just live the left very complicated world where there are no alternatives . We feel like it ’re trapped , and for those of us who do n’t like aspects of our societies , it ’s very We . Political We in the 1930s really had traction . We just do n’t see 2016 as We like that , or 2017 . Maybe I ’m wrong . Maybe I ’m being naively optimistic . Green : Here ’s another area where people have predicted potential shifts under Trump : his relationship with the ’m . He made many negative Trump about Trump media during his campaign , Trump he was insulting The New York Times or Trump out individual journalists Trump Twitter . Reno : Oh Reno , he ’s clearly hostile to the media . But if you play Trump fire , you ’re going to get burned . The politicization of the newspaper over the the media months has been astounding to me . The relentless    stuff in the news section [ of The New York Times ] not just in the editorial page —   that was pretty , wow . The media is in the business The New York Times and that has become more and more transparent . These people on TV , they the media millions of dollars , and they ’re manipulators . One of the things I resent on the right is Fox News , which sells conservatism . These people on TV Trump attacks these newscasters and pundit types These people on TV more power to him . Green Trump But the free press is the main organ of accountability Trump any government administration . Do you think attacks on the institution of the press are good for democracy ? Reno :   These are hard questions Reno at The New York Times and network TV — the press are great institutions of American society . I do n’t want to see them [ dismantled ] . But Donald Trump is The New York Times ’ve got Stephen Colbert , you ’ve got Bill Trump you ’ve got the guy on 30 Rock —   Alec Baldwin these There ’s this seamless web of entertainment , news , and the endless quest for political power and wealth . They ’re all fused together now . He knows it better than anyone , Trump . He ’s been at the center of it for his whole adult life . Green Trump And you think he these the one to fix this — Bill Maher a person who has spent his life profiting Bill Maher of this complex you ’re describing it Reno Bill Maher Is he going to fix it ? Reno , Bill Maher ’s not going to fix it . Is he going to disrupt it Bill Maher Well , he already has . Will the disruption make things worse or Bill Maher ? I do n’t know . I Bill Maher guardedly optimistic . But only it . Green Bill Maher What is the it of a magazine Bill Maher Christian thought , like First Things , in the era of Trump ? Reno : We ’ve got to keep people focused Reno the fact that politics is Trump the most important thing . I think that ’s very helpful —   a transcendent orientation . Three covenants animate us : The covenant with God , the covenant with family , and the civic covenant —   our collective project that we believe in together , even though we fight bitterly about aspects of it . At First Things , our hope is to try to restore all three of those covenants . That ’s what really our people with a sense of home our and a place to stand in the world . 
 Three covenants our 