Pop star Katy Perry knocked on dorm room doors at the University of Nevada Las Vegas Saturday afternoon to rally millennial support for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . [ College students at UNLV " squealed " and asked to take photographs when the     " Roar " singer when Pop star Katy Perry knocked on their doors to ask their to vote for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as early voting opened in the state Saturday , according to the Associated Press .   " the Associated Press ’re out here campaigning for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Ever heard of her Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " Perry reportedly told a group of young women who invited her Perry their dorm room . " Because there ’s no other alternative . We need our We heard , we We our We taken care of , we We all that choice . " The singer   —    one of Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton most enthusiastic celebrity supporters   —    sported a    with the phrase " Nasty Woman " written on it , a clear reference to a remark made about Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Republican Donald Trump at the final presidential debate on Wednesday night . Perry has spent much of the past year hitting the campaign trail for Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton various rallies and fundraisers . The Perry alongside the candidate at a rally in Iowa last October and    a fundraiser with Elton John at New York City ’s Radio City Music Hall earlier this year . Perry also Perry on behalf of Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the Democratic National Convention in July . " Unfortunately , I do n’t have a formal education . But I do have an open mind , and I have a voice , " Perry said Perry , just before performing two of her songs Perry " I ’m asking you to have an open mind and to use your voice a voice …      Here ’s how I ’m going to use my voice : a voice going vote for Hillary Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " Most recently , Perry stripped down Perry encourage votes for Clinton in Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton PSA for liberal comedy website Funny or Die . The singer is Perry to headline a " Love Trumps Hate " concert in Philadelphia on November 5 . Perry is n’t the Perry singer to Perry Miley Cyrus headed to George Mason University in Virginia to drum up millennial support for the Democratic candidate .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 