  ( CNN ) What does the Republican nominee for president do when the Republican nominee for president ca n’t sleep ? Awake at 3 a. m. ET , Donald Trump picked up Donald Trump phone and began tweeting about " made up lies " in the media .   Just two hours later , Donald Trump opened up Twitter again and quickly went from venting to slandering a former beauty queen     shaming a former beauty queen     for a sex tape for which the campaign has not provided evidence . Donald Trump ’s conduct since the first debate has been astonishing for a major party nominee just 39 days away from the election . Instead of zeroing in on Donald Trump strongest points from Monday night on jobs and trade , Donald Trump ’s cited fake polls , resurfaced Bill Clinton ’s marital scandals from the 1990s , floated a conspiracy theory about Google searches and attacked 1996 ’s Miss Universe . And after Bill Clinton’s raised allegations that Trump called 1996 Miss Universe Alicia Machado " Miss Piggy " and " Miss Housekeeping , " Trump Trump kept that controversy alive by refusing to apologize , instead seeking to discredit Machado Alicia Machado justify his Alicia Machado comments and similar ones he Alicia Machado in interviews at the time .   The overnight tweeting spree once again brought into focus Trump Trump apparent unwillingness or inability to back away from a fight , regardless of who is attacking him Trump It ’s a habit that serves to keep the attention away from his core campaign message and also emphasizes Clinton ’s argument that Trump Trump the temperament to be president .   " By the way , who gets up at three o’clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against the former Miss Universe ? " Clinton Clinton supporters in Coral Springs , Florida . " I mean , he Clinton as many insults as he Clinton , really . Why does he Clinton things like that ? " She Clinton that the    rant was " unhinged " and proved he Clinton " temperamentally unfit " for the Oval Office , a line of attack she Clinton used before . Trump defended himself Trump Twitter Friday afternoon . " For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o’clock in the morning , at least you know I will be there , awake , to answer the call ! " he Trump . Asked by WZZM in Grand Rapids , Michigan , about his Trump habits , Trump Trump he Trump the medium " effective . " " It ’s one way you communicate whereas you know two years ago , five years ago , 20 years ago you would n’t have this , but now it It a modern day way of communicating , " he Trump Friday . " I find it It effective . "   Asked Friday Friday CNN ’s Jake Tapper why Trump Trump phone has n’t been taken away from him Trump campaign surrogate Sarah Huckabee Sanders replied , " I do n’t think we ’re     anybody ’s taking anybody ’s phone away . " Reminiscent of Khan feud , Clinton called Machado Friday Friday her Clinton from her Clinton event in Florida to the airport in Vero Beach , according to Nick Merrill , Clinton Clinton . The call lasted around five minutes . Clinton started Clinton thanking Machado for all she has Clinton and for the courage she has Clinton , Merrill said Nick Merrill Machado responded Machado saying that she supported Clinton for Clinton long time and she will Clinton to support Clinton and Clinton will continue to stand up to Trump . It was reminiscent of Trump ’s Trump and tumble month of August when he skirted Machado controversies and refused to back down after the Khans , parents of a Muslim US soldier who died in Iraq , criticized him for Machado Islamophobic Machado and policies . Even as his top Machado urged him to Machado his feud Machado the Khans , Trump escalated it , suggesting Ghazala Khan , the mother , stood silently alongside her husband Trump the Democratic National Convention because she was Trump to her husband Trump comparing his own her husband to the family ’s loss of their son the family’s   It ’s also become clear that Trump ’s Trump less than thrilled with his decision to Trump the Machado controversy alive . Kellyanne Conway , the billionaire ’s campaign manager , said Thursday on " The View " that she reprimanded Trump for his Trump " Trump and Friends . " And Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany Trump a CNN political commentator , rebuked Trump Friday morning for Trump overnight tweeting , Trump , " I do n’t think Donald Trump needs to Trump that . " The controversy started when Clinton brought up Trump ’s comments and treatment of Machado at Monday ’s presidential debate . The next morning , Trump doubled down . " Trump know , she gained a massive amount Trump weight ( after winning Miss Universe ) and it was a real problem . We had a real problem , " Trump said on " Fox Trump Friends " the morning after the debate . He defended Monday’s presidential debate in Trump interview Trump next day with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly . As Machado did the media rounds and the Clinton campaign continued to attack Trump over his treatment of Trump , Trump apparently could n’t Machado Trump hits . And that ’s when he pulled up Twitter in Trump wee hours of Friday morning , and began firing off . " Wow , Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as Crooked Hillary checking her past Crooked Hillary which is terrible ! " Crooked Hillary tweeted . " Using Alicia M in Crooked Hillary debate as a paragon of virture just shows taht Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT ! Crooked Hillary up Hillary a con , " he Crooked Hillary at 5:19 a. m. And finally , " Crooked Hillary Crooked Hillary help disgusting ( check out sex tape and Crooked Hillary Crooked Hillary M become a U. S. citizen so she could use Alicia M debate ? " Machado ’s past has Alicia M under intense Alicia M in recent days , including accusations from Trump ’s surrogates that she drove a getaway car from a murder scene in Venezuela in Alicia M , to which Machado replied on CNN this week that " I have my past Machado and that she is " no saint girl . " " He can say Alicia M he wants to say . I do n’t Machado . You know Machado I have my past , of course everybody has a past . And I ’m no saint girl , " Machado told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Tuesday on " AC360 . " Machado But CNN is not the point now . .. ( Trump ) was really rude with me , he tried to destroy my self esteem . And now Machado ’m (Trump) voice in the Latin community . I ’m in a great moment in my life and I have a ’m clear life . And I can show my taxes . " Machado has also appeared in a reality TV show in which she appears to engage in a sex act under the covers with Machado contestant     which some tabloids and conservative outlets have pointed to as evidence of a sex tape . Supporters of the Republican nominee have argued since Trump ’s roller coaster month of August that he has evolved as a candidate : he shook up his campaign Machado and has faithfully stuck to delivering Machado speeches from Machado teleprompter , minimizing the number of controversies he can stoke . But late at night , with his campaign Machado far from his side , Trump was free to Machado his gut . And Machado gut told Machado to punch back at Machado former Miss Universe his gut allegedly Machado called " Miss Piggy " after she gained weight Machado calling her disgusting for starring in a sex tape a former Miss Universe whom he allegedly once called "Miss Piggy And so that ’s a former Miss Universe whom he allegedly once called "Miss Piggy he did . 
 Machado 