Interesting juxtaposition of the week : The AE show " Duck Dynasty " announces that the current season will be the current season last , and Paul Horner , who creates fake news stories on the internet , tells The Washington Post : " My sites were picked up by Trump supporters all the time . I think Trump is in the White House because of me . " " Duck Dynasty , " the reality show about the Robertson family of Louisiana and its    business , became a spectacular hit for AE after AE debut in March 2012 , then a spectacular headache in late 2013 when Phil Robertson , the patriarch , made remarks in a GQ interview that were widely seen as offensive to gay people . At that point the show was averaging nine million viewers a week , an amazing number for a    reality series , but the controversy cost the show cachet among some viewers , and ratings have fallen considerably since . Overexposure no doubt also played a role in the show ’s decline . Members of the clan became celebrities and started turning up all over the place , and the producers churned out too many episodes too quickly . Even viewers who still loved the Robertsons and their homespun antics may have been tiring of the whole premise . During Wednesday night ’s Season 11 premiere , the family announced that the series would end with the finale in April . Do n’t bother making a joke about the Robertsons Robertsons the the series they the family join Donald J. Trump ’s administration   —    social media was flooded with them by social media morning . Sure , that could happen   —    there are certainly enough Robertsons Robertsons fill every cabinet post , and Willie Robertson , the show ’s central figure , was a supporter of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s but this is more likely just an example of a TV show that has run out of gas . Not without leaving a legacy , however . The series helped solidify the idea that distinguishing between real and fake , truth and fabrication , is n’t really important . I spent a day with the Robertsons in West Monroe , La. in the summer of 2012 , between the show ’s first a TV show that has run out of gas seasons . The series was still building The series but even at that early stage , the Robertsons readily acknowledged that their " reality show " was the Robertsons real at all . That ’s hardly rare   —    most reality shows are staged or at least steered toward a preplanned result , of course . But the Robertsons were unusual in that the Robertsons admitted it . " Guided reality " is the Robertsons phrase they used . The episodes did n’t they follow the Robertsons around in their daily lives the Robertsons would often sketch they the parameters of a situation and have the family live it . What made the show work so the Robertsons was that the Robertsons , fitting the Eastern elite ’s image of hicks , were in fact savvy media manipulators , excellent improvisers and telegenic as heck . And they seemed to intuit that although many of the Robertsons, fitting the Eastern elite’s image of hicks, were in fact savvy media manipulators, excellent improvisers and telegenic show ’s episodes were obvious setups , the show would care . " Duck Dynasty " sensed that viewers would happily embrace the reality that they wanted , even if it was a manipulated viewers outright invented version of reality . And now , in 2016 , we have seen this flexible definition of what ’s real carry into the political arena . As Mr. Horner noted , fabricated news articles streamed into receptive minds through Facebook feeds and such were a worrisome phenomenon in the presidential election , and they continue to be . " The    era Facebook " it ’s being called . ( Earlier this week The   era " " was named Oxford Dictionaries’ 2016 international word of the year . ) Politicians have only recently figured out how to exploit it . The Robertsons and other    dynasties have been doing it for years . 
 it 