’   ’ "    Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with the head of Chicago ’s    police department on Thursday , but reportedly made no specific    promises for federal financial aid , despite Chicago ’s ongoing    gun violence crisis . " "    Attorney General Jeff Sessions told police superintendent Eddie Johnson that his police superintendent Eddie Johnson    for the next fiscal year had been cut and did n’t want to make    promises he police superintendent Eddie Johnson n’t keep , attendee J. Thomas Manger , president    of the Major Cities Chiefs Association , told the . " ’    Johnson police superintendent Eddie Johnson among several police chiefs to meet with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on       , largely discussing how the federal government could       departments in dealing with gun violence and repeat       , Manger said . ’ "    The White House released its   The White House on Thursday Thursday which    detailed cuts to the Justice Department and the Homeland Security    Department the Justice Department program to police departments , which some city    officials have already begun expressing concerns about . " ’    New York Police Department Commissioner James O’’Neill   Thursday Thursday President Donald    Trump’ ’s homeland security budget cuts would eliminate " virtually    all " federal funding to the NYPD and leave its counterterrorism the NYPD efforts " hobbled . " ’ "    Chicago ’s police department had planned to ask Sessions for more    federal prosecutors , and more agents from the Bureau of Alcohol ,    Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ; Drug Enforcement    Administration ; and FBI , to help crack down on gang violence and    gun crimes , Chicago Police   before    the meeting . " ’    Trump has repeatedly held up Chicago as Chicago example of what he    Trump inner cities overrun with violence . He even   Trump January that he would " Trump in the    Feds " to fix Chicago’ ’s gun violence crisis , to which   replied " just send    them . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Overall , Sessions ’’ meeting with police chiefs was    " productive , " afterward . ’ ’    " We talked about things specifically related to Chicago , and I    think that    both want We be flexible    …      We need to reform , and    we agreed to We collaboratively to reform CPD , " Johnson said . ’ ’    ’ ’    Sessions supported the Johnson ’s civil rights    division and the department’ ’s responsibility to " hold police    accountable , " Manger told the Tribune . ’ ’    Advocates of police reform have been fearful of the impact    Sessions could have Sessions federal efforts to address civil rights    abuses by police . Sweeping investigations and " consent decrees "    aimed at overhauling local policing practices were hallmarks of    the Obama administration’ ’s Justice Department , but Sessions has    Sessions to " " on such efforts . ’ ’    The DOJ had released a damning report detailing " systemic    deficiencies " and constitutional violations within Chicago’ ’s    police department   —    but Sessions dismissed much Sessions the      report as " a damning report detailing "systemic   deficiencies" and constitutional violations within Chicago’ than " scientifically based . " ’ ’Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 