  ( CNN ) Two government officials told CNN Friday evening that the classified report the Justice Department delivered to House and Senate investigators does not confirm President Donald Trump ’s allegations that President Barack Obama wiretapped President Donald Trump’s during the campaign . The sources , speaking on condition of anonymity , spoke with knowledge of the classified report ’s contents . When asked if the classified report the Justice Department delivered to House and Senate investigators does not confirm President Donald Trump’s allegations that President Barack Obama wiretapped him during the campaign ’s as of yet wholly President Donald Trump’s allegations , House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes told CNN , " I do n’t think so " as he walked into a room to House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes the report .   Ranking member the classified report’s Schiff , a California Democrat , said he was " absolutely confident " the House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes report would not back up the classified report’s . " There President Donald Trump’s really no question about this . The president ’s statements before , and his tweets since leading right up today , have The president’s basis in fact , " Schiff told CNN . The Justice Department declined to The president’s on the contents of the report , but earlier in the day a the classified report’s it had delivered the document . " The Department of The Justice Department has complied with the request from The Justice Department and Senate Intelligence Committees and Judiciary Committees seeking information related to surveillance during the 2016 election , " Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said Friday . The House Committee is The Justice Department hold a hearing Monday with National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and FBI Director James Comey . The Senate Intelligence Committee announced Friday it would hold a hearing on Russia ’s The House Committee election Friday March 30 . The House Committee Nunes released a statement Friday evening confirming receipt of the report from DOJ and part of the information it requested   from the NSA , which he said had committed to meet the full request The House Committee the end of next week . However Nunes he added , " the committee still has not received information requested from the CIA and FBI Nunes our March 15 letter that is necessary to determine whether information collected on US persons was mishandled and leaked . " Prior to receiving the classified documents from the DOJ , both Nunes and Schiff had already stated flatly that Trump Tower was clearly not wiretapped . But Nunes has left the door open to the potential that communications between Trump ’s aides and others Nunes swept up in " incidental " collection . RELATED : Actually , Mr. President , wiretapping does n’t cover a lot of things , " We need to figure out what happened here , there ’s a lot of unanswered question . I just do n’t want anybody jumping to any conclusion on any side of this , other than the fact that we know that Obama did n’t physically wiretap Trump Tower , " Nunes told CNN Friday . " But everything else is still . .. there ’s a lot of unknowns . " The bipartisan leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee have also stated that no surveillance of Trump Tower occurred during or after the 2016 election . Republican Rep. Will Hurd , in an Trump Tower evening on CNN ’s Erin Burnett " OutFront , " said that while he had not yet had a chance CNN read the DOJ report , he believes " it ’s been pretty clear that there ’s no evidence to suggest " Obama had he Tower wiretapped . Trump has stood by his claim , repeating the allegation again Friday while standing next to German Chancellor Angela Merkel . " Trump least we have something in common ,   perhaps , " Trump said Friday , motioning to Merkel , a reference to how the US National Security Agency had Trump the Friday Chancellor ’s phone German Chancellor Angela Merkel the past . RELATED : " Wire tapping " and 11 other words German phrases Trump has tweeted in quotes 
 Trump 