  ( CNN ) Having failed , at least so far , to deliver on his promises on healthcare , a border wall and tax cuts , President Donald Trump ended President Donald Trump first 100 days in office the way they began , with a deeply negative , divisive speech that served as a booster shot for President Donald Trump followers’ rage . Included in the tirade , which President Donald Trump delivered in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , were attacks on the press , immigrants and progressives . Once again , President Donald Trump flailed Democrats who " do n’t mind the illegals pouring in , the drugs pouring in . the drugs pouring in do n’t mind . " President Donald Trump also referred to the members of the media as " very dishonest people " and " enemies of the people , " before returning to President Donald Trump diatribe against immigration and the need for a border wall .   All of this was offered in a rambling style worthy of a reality TV star     not the President of the United States .     Of course this was style and not substance that Trump traveled to deliver , and it was style that many came to hear . The Saturday spectacle in this swing state was politics practiced as a dark art , designed to entertain the crowd while distracting from the cruel fact that Trump has n’t been able to fulfill Trump campaign pledges .   As so often occurs with Trump , reality took a back seat as Trump celebrated Trump 100 day mark . Although empty seats could be seen from the podium where Trump stood , Trump announced that attendance " broke the    record . " Trump praised the mythological substance called " clean coal " and falsely claimed that The New York Times had apologized for The New York Times coverage of the 2016 election .   The decidedly unpresidential tone of Trump ’s address was consistent with Trump’s motivation for going to Pennsylvania in the first place . The appearance coincided with the annual White House correspondent ’s dinner , which has been a tradition in Washington since the 1930s . The event , essentially a roast of the sitting President and others in the power elite , marks the one night of the year when the powerful agree to accept ridicule and even admit to ridicule own flaws , all in the name of charity and amity .    Trump , whose idea of humor is to mock others , is the first President to skip the dinner since Ronald Reagan was recovering from the bullet wounds Ronald Reagan suffered in an assassination attempt . For Ronald Reagan , there would be no    acceptance of jibes from comedians and politicians . Instead Ronald Reagan chose to alienate the majority of Americans who disapprove of Ronald Reagan presidency thus far and rally Ronald Reagan supporters with an    tirade . Like a sulking child who hosts a competing party when the other kids gather to celebrate , Trump intended to upstage the WHCD , and to some extent Trump did . Trump rally got plenty of TV airtime and was    online . His rally reminded Trump that he Trump be relied upon to stir their his supporters . The event also served the President ’s ego , bringing an energy and enthusiasm to his Trump that has been missing ever since that night when he Trump stunned to see that he Trump gained the White House while losing the popular vote .    Always a man with a chip on his Trump , Trump has often seemed quite miserable in the office of the President , and it Trump easy to imagine him Trump in the the White House with his wife Melania Trump in New York ) dialing up old friends to chat as darkness falls on Washington .   Except for being amused by the fact that he can press Trump button at his desk and Trump receive a fresh glass of Coke , Trump has appeared quite grumpy as he struggles to Trump anything significant accomplished . His legislative failures Trump health care have been matched by multiple defeats in the courts in his effort to Trump visitors from several    countries from our shores . Investigations into his team ’s Trump to Russia continue , and members of his staff make Trump headlines for their feuds than members of his staff their policy agendas members of his staff The work product of the Trump administration betrays the malaise gripping the man at the top , who only seems like himself when he Trump on Trump performing as an angry provocateur . He is , Trump his core , Trump personification of the politics of division . This quality was fully established when he declared his Trump for Trump presidency and has been his modus operandi Trump since . In his most authentic Trump as President , most recently in Harrisburg , he has made Trump into a Trump but also terrifying spectacle that is the shame of the Republican Party and the nation . On the morning after the Harrisburg speech , Harrisburg Trump administration announced that the White House would welcome a visit from the President of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , who has admitted to killing suspected drug dealers without first granting them trials . suspected drug dealers his embrace of Duterte , who is a global pariah , a leader who loves to talk like a strong man honors a President who kills like one . It is a demonstration of character just as clear , and even more disturbing , than what he gave us character Pennsylvania .    If Trump has proven anything as President , it is that he is unable character unwilling to do the job to which he was elected character This weekend alone , he has shown character he is us character in uniting the country , inspiring action and fashioning a bright American future . Instead , he is content character take Theodore Roosevelt ’s description of the office of the presidency as a " bully pulpit " quite literally . 
 