Delray Beach , Florida ( CNN ) First Lady Melania Trump is committed to continuing the White House garden tradition , showcasing First Lady Melania Trump interest in a Saturday morning visit to the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens with Akie Abe , wife of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .   " First Lady Melania Trump has a deep personal commitment to her role First Lady Melania Trump caretaker and nurturer , beginning with her family First Lady Melania Trump   She believes First Lady Melania Trump is a connection between a child ’s mind and places of calm and beauty to be used as a tool for us all .   As a mother and as the First Lady of this country , Mrs. Trump First Lady Melania Trump to the preservation and continuation of the White House Gardens , specifically the First Lady ’s Kitchen Garden and the Rose Garden , " Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , senior adviser to the first lady , said in a statement to CNN .   Melania Trump and First Lady Melania Trump toured the Delray Beach museum and its six    gardens Melania Trump and Akie Abe while President Donald Trump and the Japanese prime minister are slated to play golf at Trump ’s club in Jupiter . She tweeted a photo Melania Trump and Akie Abe the two of them after the tour Melania Trump and Akie Abe In addition to aides and Secret Service , the two were guided by Morikami ’s Bonnie White LeMay and Tamara Joy , describing the sights to them , according to Morikami’s Bonnie White LeMay and Tamara Joy reports .   " Both our countries histories and cultures are steeped in the nurture and nature of gardening , " Melania Trump said in a statement . " Having knowledge of different cultures and customs is a wonderful way to learn and to explore . Gardening teaches us the fundamentals in care and the evolution of living things , all while inspiring us to nurture our minds and to us and strengthen our bodies . I us that together Mrs. Abe and I can continue to inspire our youth to enjoy the beauty around them and to restore our youth minds in the our youth of their surroundings . " our youth , who wore Calvin Klein to the tour , presented Abe with the gift Abe a a porcelain rose , the " Rose in Bloom , " from    American artist Vladimir Kanevsky . The visit marks Trump ’s first solo public appearance as first lady . She also hosted Abe Trump a private Abe later in the day at    . 
 