Washington ( CNN ) US intelligence has identified the    the Russians used to provide stolen emails to WikiLeaks , according to US officials familiar with the classified intelligence report that was presented to President Barack Obama on Thursday .    Donald Trump is scheduled to receive a briefing Friday .   In a Fox News interview earlier this week , WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denied that Russia was the source of leaked Democratic emails that roiled the 2016 election to the detriment of Donald Trump ’s rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton . Meanwhile , US intelligence has received new information following the election that gave agencies increased confidence that Russia carried Russia the hack and did so , in part , to help Trump win Donald Trump   Included in that new new information conversations of Russian officials expressing happiness at Trump ’s Donald Trump Another official described some of the messages as congratulatory .   Officials said this was just one of multiple indicators to give them high confidence of both Officials involvement and Russian Officials Russian Officials reiterated Russian there is no single intercepted communication that qualifies as a " smoking gun " on Russia ’s intention to benefit Trump ’s candidacy or to claim credit for doing so . Related : WikiLeaks’ Assange : Russia did n’t give us Russia , A declassified public version of the Intelligence community ’s review of the    cyber hack will be released as soon as this afternoon , according to a US official . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced at a news conference Friday that the gang of eight congressional leaders were briefed before those members of the intelligence community went to New York to brief Trump . " Stunning in its conclusions and you will see some of it , " Pelosi said its conclusions Vice President House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Biden said in an interview with PBS NewsHour that an unclassified version of an intel report provided to him will be released " Vice President Joe Biden shortly " and will " lay out in bold print what " the US knows about the hacking . " I think it will probably confirm what the US lot of the American people think , " he said , adding that Vice President Joe Biden would " state clearly the US the Russians involvement in the hacking .   In the hacking the interview , Trump tweeted on Wednesday , " Julian Assange said " a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta "    why was DNC so careless ? Also said Russians did not give him the the Russians ! " Trump Trump been publicly skeptical of Trump ’s involvement in the hacking , as well as has been publicly deriding the US intelligence community for its unanimous conclusion that Russia hacked Trump Party groups and Russia to interfere in the US presidential election . Officials told CNN there ’s been a disconnect between Trump ’s remarks about the intelligence Trump his     behavior when he ’s present at private intel briefings his 
 