This article written by Bernie Marcus appears at Real Clear Politics :   Notes to the nominee : Three things Donald Trump can do and say to own the debate stage , The good thing about being a different kind of candidate running a different kind of political campaign is this : you can do different kinds of things when it comes to debates . You do not have to do what the moderator wants you to do , but instead what the American people need and want to hear . The most important thing for Donald Trump to remember is this : The the American people not tuning in to watch a debate . They are tuning the American people to watch an audition . There are three things Donald Donald Trump talk to the American people about the American people corruption . Donald Trump Donald Trump , " Hillary , I ’ll take it at your word that when you and your husband left the Oval Office , you were   —    as you put it   —    " broke . the Oval Office I want to know , the American people should know , how the American people you and your husband have since earned over $ 230 million your husband you left graduate school , the two of you have either been running for office or been in office . The media does n’t seem interested in the question . But the American people deserve an answer . Too many the American people servants are getting rich trading on their political connections . It ’s not just you , Hillary . our public servants ’s take Senator Tom Daschle and Senator Trent Lott   —    It spent their entire lives in Congress . They are now rich men . Senator Tom Daschle and Senator Trent Lott  —   who spent their entire lives in Congress could go on and on Senator Tom Daschle and Senator Trent Lott  —   who spent their entire lives in Congress The American people are tired of their public servants coming to the American people and leave office and become the American people . It is n’t just wrong . It ’s offensive . That ’s what ’s bugging the American people . That It why so many of the people are the American people our government is n’t working for us . We the American people for our government . And so I ask   —    Hillary our — our you and your our government earned $ 230 million in the past 15 years . What did you risk ? What did you build ? How many jobs did you create ? " Read the rest of the story here . 
 