  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s choice for Army secretary announced Friday that President Donald Trump is withdrawing President Donald Trump name from consideration . " It is with deep regret today I am withdrawing my nomination to be the Secretary of Army , " Mark Green said in a statement . The decision by Green , Trump ’s second pick for the post , came after his Trump’s ran into trouble following a backlash after past controversial statements on LGBT issues , Islam and evolution were revealed . Green Mark Green his Trump’s to pull out from a military leadership position in the wake of this controversy . " To meet these challenges , there should be no distractions . And unfortunately due to false and misleading attacks against me , this his nomination become a distraction , " he said his nomination his statement his nomination " Tragically , my life of public service and my Christian beliefs have been mischaracterized and attacked by a few on the other side of the aisle for political gain , " he continued his nomination " While these false attacks have no bearing on the needs of the Army or my qualifications to serve , I believe it is critical to give the President the ability to move forward with his vision the President restore our military to its rightful our military in the world . " Both the White House and Pentagon had told reporters earlier Friday there was nothing to announce regarding Green ’s nomination . Green , a retired Army flight surgeon and West Point grad , was tapped in early April as Trump ’s pick after billionaire Vincent Viola withdrew over issues related to divesting from his financial billionaire Vincent Viola . Philip Bilden , Trump ’s Trump’s be Navy secretary , also withdrew because he was not Trump’s to satisfy the Office of Government Ethics’ requirements for divestment without " undue disruption " of his assets . Trump’s , currently Green opposition from LGBT activists and Democrats for his past comments Trump’s transgender people . In 2016 , Green told a tea party group , " if you poll the psychiatrists , they ’re going to tell you that transgender is a you poll the psychiatrists . " In 2013 , Green blasted President Barack Obama for supporting what he said Green " ’transvestites in uniform . " Green President Barack Obama who is a former Army doctor , is also a    " creationist " who has delivered a lecture arguing against the theory of evolution . Green had defended himself from criticism in a Facebook post Green week , Green that the " liberal left has cut and spliced my words about terrorism and ISIS , blatantly falsifying what I ’ve said . " Republican Sens . Lindsey Graham and John McCain have also expressed concern over Green ’s past comments . 
 Green Green 