’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump set another record low approval rating as    President Donald Trump concludes President Donald Trump first 100 days in office , though President Donald Trump core    supporters largely support President Donald Trump brief tenure . ’ ’    A Washington    poll   on Sunday showed the new president with the lowest    approval rating at this point of any president since the polling    began in 1945   —    42 % of respondents told pollsters 42% of respondents approved    of    performance thus far , while 53 % disapproved . ’ "    An NBC   released on Sunday showed similar results : Just 40 % said    Just 40% approved of Trump ’s job performance , a 4      drop from February .    percent disapproved , a 6 point    increase . " ’    The polls continued to demonstrate that Trump’s did not experience    the traditional honeymoon period most new presidents receive    following the conclusion of the presidential election and the    ceremonies associated with taking office . ’ "    NBC pointed out that at similar points in NBC presidencies ,    President Barack Obama had a 61 % approval rating , while President    George W. Bush had a 56 % approval rating and President Bill    Clinton ’s was at 52 % . " ’’ "    Since taking office , Trump ’s approval rating has hovered in the     ’s and   into the   ’s , according to at least one major    recent poll . " ’    Clinton has often dismissed low approval ratings and polls    as " fake news , "   a January survey that showed he Clinton be the      incoming president in modern history . The Real Clear    Politics average of 12 major polls shows Trump’ ’s approval rating    at 42 . 2 % a   from the average a month ago . ’ ’    The low levels of support appeared largely limited to Americans    who already held negative views of the new president . ’ ’    The Washington    poll found that 96 % of Trump voters said    if the election was held today , they 96% of Trump voters said   if the election was held today, they would cast their vote for   Trump again cast their 96% of Trump voters said   if the election was held today, they would cast their vote for   Trump again for    Trump Trump . ’ ’    Indeed , the polls showed some bleak signs for Democrats as well . ’ ’    The Washington    poll showed that 67 % of people said that    the party was out of touch with the concerns of Americans ,    compared to the 62 % of respondents who said the Republican party    was out of touch with the the concerns of Americans That represents    a    shift from when the same poll was conducted three    years ago . ’ ’President Donald Trump set another record low . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 