The latest NBC    Street Journal poll says that Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 11 points following the reveal of an     tape of Donald Trump making lewd comments . [ According to The latest NBC   Street Journal poll , the national race stands at Clinton Hillary Clinton percent , Trump Donald Trump percent , with 9 percent for Libertarian Gary Johnson and two percent for Jill Stein of the Green Party . The poll of 500 registered voters had a 4 . 4 percent margin of error , and was conducted on Saturday and Sunday , so it factored in reactions to the Trump tape story , but not Sunday night ’s second presidential debate .   The poll sample included 43 percent Democrat and    36 percent Republican and    and 12 percent " strictly independent " respondents . " In a     matchup , Clinton ’s lead over Trump Trump tape to 14 percent ( 52 percent to Trump Trump tape 38 percent ) , " NBC reports . " And among all registered voters , Clinton Clinton’s is 13 points , her Clinton advantage over Trump Trump tape the poll began testing the pair last September . " The poll the poll a    advantage for Democrats on the question of which party the voters would like to see in control of Congress , up from a    edge for the Democrats last month . As for the Trump tape , the poll respondents said it should be an issue in the presidential race by a 52 percent to 42 percent margin . 41 percent said the remarks were " completely unacceptable , " while 31 percent said they were " 31 percent , but typical of how some men talk in private with other men . " Interestingly , only 9 percent of Republicans surveyed said they wanted their only 9 percent of Republicans surveyed candidates only 9 percent of Republicans surveyed renounce their backing of only 9 percent of Republicans surveyed , while 14 percent wanted their other candidates only 9 percent of Republicans surveyed call upon Trump to drop out of the race . That ’s not a question any presidential candidate wants pollsters asking in October , to be sure , but weekend news coverage gave the impression both of those numbers would be a good deal higher . While both candidates remain their congressional candidates approval ratings , Trump ’s negatives are up quite a bit . Hillary Clinton scored 40 percent positive versus 50 percent negative responses , while Trump ’s ratio was Trump’s to 63 percent    …      and 52 percent of Trump ’s negative responses were Trump’s negative . " 
 