A Democrat Texas congressman told Donald Trump to take the border wall and " shove the border wall up your ass . " [ " Mr . Donald Trump , you ’re a racist and you can take the border wall and shove it up the border wall ass your ass Congressman Filemon Vela ( ) wrote in an open letter to Donald Trump Monday morning . The comment comes at the end of a lengthy litany of complaints against the presumptive GOP nominee written from his campaign office obtained GOP Breitbart Texas and attached below .   Filemon represents the southeastern most district of Texas that includes the Texas community of Brownsville , just across the river from Matamoros , Mexico , the scene of a violent civil war between members of the Gulf Cartel fighting for control of the region . Breitbart Texas has reported Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas violence in this area . A spokesman for the Vela campaign told Breitbart Texas , " We Breitbart Texas a lot of the Vela campaign about ‘ The Letter . ’ " He begins the letter with areas Breitbart Texas he agrees with Trump   — Breitbart Texas Veterans issues , cartel violence and corruption in the Mexican government , and criminal illegal alien felons who " should be immediately deported . " He says there are even other Breitbart Texas upon which he would agree . However , Breitbart Texas ignorant    opinions , your border wall rhetoric , and your recent bigoted attack on an American jurist are just plain despicable . The letter , written in English and Spanish , delves into the history of Americans of Mexican descent and says Trump mistakenly refers to them as " Mexicans . " He says many of them have Trump served the United them in every conflict since the Civil War . He then goes on to list Trump Hispanic Medal of Honor recipients . The letter appears to be a response to Trumps comments about the judge in the Trump University Trump News’ Joel Pollak reported on the May rally in San Diego where Trump said , " I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump , a hater . He ’s a hater . His name is Gonzalo Curiel . " Joel Pollak also noted that the Joel Pollak " happens to be , we Joel Pollak , Mexican , which is great , I think that ’s fine . " You have now descended to a new low in your racist attack of an American jurist , U. S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel , by calling him a " Mexican " simply because he ruled against you in Joel Pollak case in which you are being Joel Pollak of fraud , among other accusations . Judge Curiel is one of 124 Americans of Hispanic descent who have served this country with honor and distinction as federal district judges . Acknowledging his own coarse language in the letter ’s closing , Vela wrote Judge Curiel " I would like to end this letter in a more diplomatic fashion , but I think that the letter of all people , understand why I can not . " The congressman , who represents the people of Brownsville , along the Texas border with Mexico then said , " I am sure that many of these individuals would agree with me when I say : ‘ Mr. Trump , you ’re a racist The congressman, who represents the people of Brownsville, along the Texas border with Mexico you can take your border wall and shove it up your ass . ’ " Bob Price serves as associate editor your border wall senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas and is a member of the original Breitbart Texas team . Follow Texas on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . For Immediate Release   Texas    Vela Letter a member of the original Breitbart Texas team Trump , 
 