Breitbart News presents live coverage of the aftermath of the jihadist Omar Mateen ’s massacre at Orlando ’s Pulse night club . Three days after the largest terrorist attack on U. S. soil since    an opinion poll shows the public ’s initial reaction to the various responses suggested by the country ’s political figures . [ All times Eastern Standard Time .   * * * * * Top developments : • Omar Mateen appeared to call a local news station and say Omar Mateen committed the attack for the Islamic State . This was not reported Sunday but three days later.• Twitter suspends Milo Yiannopoulos hours before Omar Mateen speech at " Ground Zero " in Orlando• Is Omar Mateen ’s wife Noor on the lam?• Milo condemns local mosque for hosting speaker who incited violence against gays , * * * * * 10:32 PM : Boston Globe‘s Thursday front page : The @BostonGlobe is making a pretty extraordinary statement . Here is tomorrow ’s front page . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) June 16 , 2016 ,   10:23 PM : Orlando terrorist reportedly told       wanted to be a " martyr . " 10:20 PM : Craigslist ad warns San Diego is next . 9:35 PM : : Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) asks Facebook to " provide all Facebook data on Mr. Mateen ’s activities on Mr. Mateen’s account and any affiliated Facebook accounts , including but not limited to activity logs , Facebook timeline information , Facebook messages , photos , and posts . " The Orlando terrorist may have had at least five accounts linked to Mr. Mateen’s . 9:15 PM : Report : Orlando terrorist made 16 phone calls during the terrorist attack and searched for words like " Pulse Orlando . " Investigators are reportedly " tracking down each of the recipients of those calls . " Mr. Mateen’s also searched for the San Bernardino terrorist couple . 8:35 PM : Authorities : Orlando terror investigation could take years . 7:50 PM : On CNN , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) says Trump can turn around Trump unfavorable number because Trump message , especially on trade and immigration , will resonate with working Americans . 7:40 PM : Joe Biden pushing gun control at Sandy Hook Promise Gala : But Joe Biden tells @sandyhook " there ’s hope , " citing Senate filibuster to get vote on " no fly , no buy " bill . pic . twitter .    —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) June 15 , 2016 ,   " This borders on irrational , " says @VP that new gun control laws not enacted . " But I refuse to give up . We refuse to give up . "   —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Joe Biden to parents of SandyHook victims : you ’d think by now We ’d be in a different place    # GunViolence . @wusa9 pic . twitter .    —    Mola Lenghi ( @MolaReports ) June 15 , 2016 ,   7:11 PM : CBS Poll : Plurality of Americans want more " conservative " policies . At the same time , @CBSNewsPoll shows most voters want a change from Obama policies : pic . twitter .    —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Clinton holds lead over Trump in national CBS poll : CBS News poll : Clinton 39 %   —    Trump 32 %   —    Johnson 11 % pic . twitter .    —    Alan He ( @alanhe ) June 15 , 2016 ,   7:00 PM : FBI says gay night club was terrorist ’s only target . 6:40 PM : Report : Orlando terrorist had a pattern of " disruptive behavior " stretching back to elementary school . Though he was born in New York , he was reportedly " sent to finish kindergarten at Frances K. Sweet Elementary because he was limited in reading , writing and speaking English , according to documents . Mateen ’s first language was Afghani , which was primarily spoken at home , according to records . " Mateen ’s first language was Afghani , which was primarily spoken at home , according to records . 6:23 PM   —    Grand Jury will determine whether terrorist ’s wife will be charged . A U. S. attorney plans to bring evidence before a federal grand jury to determine whether charges will be brought against Noor Salman , the widow of Orlando nightclub gunman Omar Mateen , according to two law enforcement officials . 6:21 PM   —    NYPD says the name of those killed in # OrlandoShooting . Police are having 1st Pride celebration at HQ in 10 yrs pic . twitter .    —    Zolan V    ( @KannoYoungs ) June 15 , 2016 ,   6:17 PM   —    CNN reporter " alarmed " that many Americans favor a temporary ban on Muslim immigration : I ’m frankly alarmed by how many people have responded to our story with the words " good start " .   https :   .    —    Jim Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) June 15 , 2016 ,   6:15 PM   —    Suspects reportedly tried to run down Orlando police officer : Chief :   suspects tried to run down officer . Gunfire came from police gun not suspect . # Wftv ,   —    Shannon Butler ( @SButlerWFTV ) June 15 , 2016 ,   6:00 PM   —    Local Orlando children make care packages for police . So sweet ! Local children made a ton of care packages for 1st responders   dropped Local children off near shooting site . pic . twitter .    —    Orlando Police ( @OrlandoPolice ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Every single one of these bags contains snacks   personal note to first responders . Folks were weepy after reading . pic . twitter .    —   Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) June 15 , 2016 ,   5:50 PM   —    2016 :   —    Sanders campaign vows to go to convention .   —    Cruz plots comeback as Rubio ponders another Senate run .    5:01 PM   —    Chilling Facebook post from Orlando terrorist moments before attack warns of more ISIS attacks in the U. S. NEW : @CBSNews has learned that Mateen posted the following on @facebook moments before attack .   # OrlandoShooting pic . twitter .    —    Paula Reid ( @PaulaReidCBS ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:35 PM   —    Orlando terrorist reportedly abused gay man at gym . 4:30 PM   —    University of Denver tolls bell 49 times for each Orlando shooting victim : https :   Orlando .   via @YouTube ,   —    9NEWS Denver ( @9NEWS ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:25 PM   —    Also an indictment of the Republican establishment permanent political class : Happy first anniversary to the saddest major presidential campaign of all time . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Miami New Times ( @MiamiNewTimes ) June 15 , 2016 ,   After Orlando terror attack , Rubio reconsidering Senate run :    4:24 PM   —    Trump heading to the Lone Star State again : Trump ’s Texas itinerary : —    Thursday : Fundraiser and rally in Dallas —    Friday : Fundraisers in San Antonio and Houston , rally in The Woodlands ,   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:21 PM   —    Sen. Warren , pushing more gun control after the Orlando attacks , says Senators will have " blood on their hands " if they fail Senators ban    " Senators weapons . " Elizabeth Warren says " members of this Congress will have blood on our hands " if they fail to ban an assault members of this Congress used in future shooting .   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:17 PM   —    Filibustering to push for gun control more important to some Senate Dems . It appears the Dems on Senate floor will skip the 4pET Senate briefing by the FBI director and DHS secy on the # Orlando shooting .   —    Steven Portnoy ( @stevenportnoy ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:10 PM   —    Clinton uses    press conference to slam Trump ’s proposal to build a wall as campaign releases video attacking Trump ( Trump has edge over Clinton on Trump , according to multiple national polls ) : Clinton says wall would not have Clinton Orlando attack : I do n’t know how one builds a wall to keep the internet out https :   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Your @GOP presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories . https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 15 , 2016 ,   4:00 PM   —    Obama finally calls Florida Gov. Rick Scott . 3:50 PM   —    Full doc on Omar Mateen ’s firearms proficiency : Shooter ’s certificate of firearm proficiency # OrlandoShooting pic . twitter .    —    Shoshana Walter ( @shoeshine ) June 15 , 2016 ,   3:44 PM   —     White House : Obama and Joe Biden to visit Orlando to meet with families of victims ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 15 , 2016 ,   3:31 PM   —    TMZ report : Mateen also tried to pick up women on dating app Plenty of Fish . Cord Cedeno says he connected with Mateen a couple Cord Cedeno ago on Mateen , but it was hardly titillating . Cedeno says Mateen   —    Cord Cedeno profile was a pic of him in a tie   — Cord Cedeno would only say " Hi " over and over . He says he eventually blocked Mateen Cord Cedeno but Cord Cedeno 4 friends Mateen say the Orlando murderer remained active on other apps . He says Mateen used Adam4Adam to Cord Cedeno shots Mateen his penis to men   — Cord Cedeno but never showed his face . Cedeno says he Cord Cedeno no knowledge Cord Cedeno was Cord Cedeno successful in hooking Mateen with a man . On the other hand    …      a female user on Plenty Of Fish says Mateen reached out to her 18 Mateen ago . She Mateen he was " nice Mateen normal Mateen …      mentioned he had a child , but Mateen he was single and looking for Mateen good woman to marry . " 3:25 PM   —     New pics of Orlando shooter Omar Mateen from his Mateen pic Mateen Florida    Mateen    Jayne Miller ( @jemillerwbal ) Twitter 2016 ,   3:22 PM   — FBI stonewalling on the tip from Disney World . I asked FBI FBI + times when agents were notified about shooter ’s April trip to    a lot of " I do n’t have that info " or " I ’m not aware "   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 15 , 2016 ,   3:18 PM   —    Possible new threat . On Tuesday evening , a 10News viewer saw the post in the     section of the Craigslist San Diego personal ads . He took a screenshot and sent it to us before the post was flagged and removed . The post a screenshot titled , " We need more Orlando ’s ( sic the post " Orlando is accompanied us a photo of a hand firing a revolver with a the post coming out of the barrel . The post read : " Orlando was long overdue . Cleanse your Orlando of the post that gives decent gay men and women a bad name . Those people were walking diseases , bug chasers , and thank god for AIDS and    and now Orlando . San Diego you are Orlando Orlando     " 3:11 PM   —    San Diego with a denunciation of social media companies Twitter and Facebook , particularly the meeting that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had with conservatives several weeks ago . 3:07 PM   —    Milo Facebook Gays are starting to pick up on the fact that Trump " could be the " 3:11 PM  —   Milo    president in history . " 3:04 PM   —    " The only people who are surprised " that Muslims want to kill gays " are the people who write your newspapers . " 3:02 PM   —    Milo says Twitter , with its largest investor being Saudi , has become " Sharia compliant " " 3:11 PM  —   Milo American Twitter are , as well . 3:01 PM   —    Milo says he has received too many death threats to read through his " swag " store " 3:11 PM  —   Milo received " 3:11 PM  —   Milo 100 on its own . The threats are in " 3:11 PM  —   Milo and English . " My staff are freaked the his "swag" store out . too many death threats to read through his "swag" store PM   —    " If there ’s something you can do to save gay people in this country , it ’s this : Close the border . " 2:57 PM   —    On Muslim community ’s response : " This is not the time for ‘ Out , damned spot.’ This is the time for ‘ We fucked up and we ’re sorry . ’ " 2:55 PM   —    Yiannopoulos references the Imam hosted at a We 45 minutes from Orlando Orlando said it was " compassionate " to kill gays . Says moral equivalence from the likes of Sally Kohn is " offensive   …      a term I do n’t use often . " 2:53 PM   —    " As a straight man standing up here with a gay man , I would just like to say ‘ Fuck you , Islam . ’ " Milo then grabs Gavin ’s head and kisses him . 2:50 PM   —    Gavin McInnes " 3:11 PM  —   Milo the spotlight . " We are consumed " 3:11 PM  —   Milo Islamophobia   …      We would literally rather die than offend . " 2:48 PM   —    " Most of this We would have got me arrested in Europe . " 2:47 PM   —    Milo encourages gay people to say " never again . " To signal to Islamic supremacists " " 3:11 PM  —   Milo we will shoot back . " 2:43 PM   —    Milo says that Orlando Orlando were " crawling " with police posted for protection yesterday   — " 3:11 PM  —   Milo while a university said they could not muster enough police to protect him on its campus . 2:39 PM   —    Orlando mosques :    zones provide a safe " 3:11 PM  —   Milo for killers a university " They walk in there confident in the knowledge that no one will fight back . " 2:38 PM zones —    He continues : the politicians do not have your back . The only response is to defend " 3:11 PM  —   Milo protect yourselves . 2:37 PM   —    Milo : Recent survey shows 100 % of British Muslims believe that homosexuality is unacceptable . " " 3:11 PM  —   Milo is in the West   …      This is not radical Islam . This is Islam . " 2:36 PM   —    Milo arrives and quips of a rainbow " This n’t radical Islam on Me " flag , " " 3:11 PM  —   Milo should say , ‘ Fire back . ’ " 2:33 PM " 3:11 PM  —   Milo —    Scenes from site of Milo speech . On the scene at # PulseNightclub waiting for Milo to speak with a crowd of supporters # OrlandoShooting pic . twitter .    —    " 3:11 PM  —   Milo Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 15 , 2016 ,   2:26 PM   —    Authorities have obtained video of Mateen and his wife purchasing ammunition . 2:25 PM   —    Mateen FBI Mateen more info on Mateen . The bureau is now the lead investigative agency on this Mateen : Just released @FBI poster seeking information 2:25 PM  —   FBI poster for more info on Mateen Orlando gunman Omar Mateen pic . twitter .    —    Jason Sickles ( @jasonsickles ) June 15 , 2016 ,   2:23 PM   —    At site of Milo ’s talk , Breitbart Texas ’s Brandon Darby says on a Periscope live stream , " " 3:11 PM  —   Milo ’s a backpack here nobody ’s claiming . " 2:12 PM   —       FBI FBI intelligence bulletins issued to gay clubs in # Orlando area as a precaution no credible or Orlando threats of imminent attacks . # CNN ,   —    David Daniel ( @CNNLADavid ) June 15 , 2016 ,   2:07 PM   —    FBI spox says the attack is both terrorism and a hate Orlando attack Q : Are reports credible that Mateen patronized other gay clubs in Orlando Orlando Hopper says he has no Mateen of that .   —    Kathryn Varn ( @kathrynvarn ) June 15 , 2016 , Hopper 2:03 PM   —    FBI spox says no other shooters aside from Mateen and police officers . 2:01 PM   —    FBI FBI says Mateen indications there were any other targets for an attack besides Pulse . 2:00 PM   — FBI spox asking questions now . FBI FBI Mateen ’s wife is one of many people investigators have spoken with . Mateen comment further . # OrlandoShooting ,   —    Joe Fryer ( @joefryer ) June 15 , 2016 ,   1:55 PM   —    Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer : OneOrlando fund has raised $ 3 . 6 million in two days .   —    Zack Sampson ( @ZackSampson ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Camera operator just collapsed at Orlando Orlando . It is ridiculously hot .   —    Matt Zapotosky ( @mattzap ) June 15 , 2016 ,   1:50 PM   —    Rick Scott : This is clearly an attack on Florida Gov. Rick Scott community , Hispanic community   —    and a terror attack on our nation and our way of life . 1:45 PM   —    Really , no new info at this presser .    US attorney lee our ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Orlando presser speculate on any charges that may be brought . # Wftv ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 15 , 2016 ,   1:41 PM   —    Nothing new . FBI FBI no additional information on investigation into # Orlando Orlando at this time .   —    Harry Horton ( @harry_horton ) June 15 , 2016 ,   1:38 PM   —    FBI Asst . Special Agent in charge Ronald Hopper mentions Mateen ’s name , then says , like his director , he wo n’t do Mateen again .   —    Evan McMurry ( @evanmcmurry ) June 15 , 2016 ,   Special Agent in charge Ronald Hopper PM   Special Agent in charge Ronald Hopper    FBI FBI says the bureau will investigate any acts of " retaliation " against local Muslims . 1:35 PM   —     Pulse Orlando Orlando 2:25 PM  —   FBI poster for more info on Mateen FBI Special Agent Ron Hopper : " There ’s certainly things I just can not discuss at this time . "   —    Andrew O’Brien ( @aobrien7 ) June 15 , 2016 ,   1:31 PM   —    Orlando press conference begins soon . At newser   —    FBI asst . Special Agent in Charge Ronald Hopper , Orlando Orlando Chief John Mina , US Attorney Lee Bently   Gov. Scott . @CBSMiami ,   —    Carey ( charge Ronald Hopper 15 , 2016 ,   1:22 PM   —    Trump says Obama ’s speech Tuesday " was all about political correctness . " Retorts : " we ’re going down the wrong path and our country is in serious trouble . " 1:21 PM   —    Trump says that while Mateen while born here this country Trump ideas were born somewhere else . " Trump Mateen Omar Mateen : " He was born here , but his ideas were n’t born Mateen his ideas were born someplace else . "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 15 , 2016 ,   He PM   —    Trump pivots his ideas ’s problems with unchecked Islamic migration . He says friends who praised the country as a great place to live   —    for decades   —    are now moving away . 1:16 PM this country He Powerful address from Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu ( with video ) : 1:14 PM   —    Trump says part of the reason terrorist attacks continue is because " they have no respect for us whatsoever . " 1:12 PM   —    If some of those great people who were in the club that night had guns strapped to terrorist attacks waists or guns strapped to their ankles , Trump says , Trump still would have been horrible but the carnage would have been nothing like the 100 + Trump became some of those great people who were in the club that night 1:09 PM   —    some of those great people who were in the club that night stresses support from LGBT community , Trump own history opening a club that welcomed gay patrons . 1:07 PM   —    Trump says it ’s impossible to vet Middle Eastern refugees because they do n’t have " papers . " 1:06 PM   —    Trump brings up Clinton Foundation taking in " tens of millions of dollars " from nations that " Middle Eastern refugees to enslave women " and kill gays . 1:05 PM   —    Trump : " It ’s going to happen again and again and again , because we are not doing what we have to be doing . " 1:01 PM   —    In Atlanta rally , Trump repeats accusation that Muslim terrorist family ’s do n’t report plots to the authorities we 12:54 PM   —     BREAKING : NRA says anyone on terrorism watchlist who tries to buy a gun should be investigated by the FBI and the sale delayed .   —    Reuters U. S. News ( @ReutersUS ) June 15 , 2016 ,   MORE : NRA says ’due process protections’ should be put in place allowing people wrongly put on a watchlist to be removed .   —    Reuters U. S. News ( @ReutersUS ) NRA 15 , 2016 ,   12:51 PM   —    Mateen ’s father , again : The Orlando Orlando ’s father says terrorists planted the idea Mateen carrying out a mass shooting in his son ’s head   —    and he did n’t even know it father son was killed by terrorists , " said Seddique Mateen this morning from his home in father St. Lucie . " Fifty people were father terrorism . This was Mateen terrorist idea . ( his son’s ) learned from them . " 12:40 PM   —    Tiny detail to add , as the local report is not clear : Seddique was present at Noor ’s sister ’s house . Bunch his son’s outside # PulseShooting gunman Omar Mateen ’s wife ’s sister ’s house , where police were sent earlier pic . twitter .    —    ( ( ( Lichtenstein ) ) ) ( @ABLichtenstein ) June 15 , 2016 ,   12:35 PM   —    Red alert . At a Fort Pierce home owned by members of the Mateen family , deputies arrived , went into the house for a few minutes , then left at around noon Wednesday . Earlier in the day , Seddique Mateen   —    father of the Orlando Orlando shooter Omar Mateen   —    arrived Mateen and Noor’s sister’s house was no longer in the area . He would not say where she had gone . 12:28 PM   —    Jeffrey Goldberg in the Atlantic . Obama thinks so little of Muslims that he his home in Port St. Lucie call out Mateen in Omar Mateen’s wife’s in my reading , does not —   contra his    critics Omar Mateen’s wife’s   suffer illusions about the pathologies afflicting the broader Muslim world . Omar Mateen’s wife’s anything Obama his pessimism on matters related to Obama dysfunctions of Muslim states , and to the inability Obama the umma —   the worldwide community of Muslims — Obama to contain and ultimately neutralize the extremist elements in its midst , has , at times , an Obama paralyzing effect on him . The president has come to the conclusion ( as I outlined in my recent Atlantic cover story , " The Obama Doctrine " ) that the underlying problems afflicting Islam are too deep , and too resistant to American intervention , to warrant implementation the umma the Obama policies that his critics , including his critics in    think tanks , demand . 12:26 PM   —    Obama bringing gun control sermon to the Atlantic vigil . Obama to attend prayer vigil at the Amway Center in Orlando Orlando https :   .    —    Mary Obama Klas ( @MaryEllenKlas Obama June 15 , 2016 ,   12:21 PM   —    NBC News corrects its headline from yesterday which buried the lede Obama Noor Salman : Orlando Gunman ’s Wife Gave No Warning to Cops Before Attack , The Orlando Orlando ’s wife feared he was going to attack a gay nightclub overnight Saturday and pleaded with him not to do anything violent   —    but failed to warn police after he left NBC News NBC News has learned . Omar Mateen ’s Omar Mateen’s wife’s Noor Zahi Salman , told Omar Mateen’s wife’s FBI her husband assured her he was simply Orlando Gunman friends , although she believed Orlando Gunman was actually planning to Mateen at the Pulse nightclub , a    Orlando Gunman north from their home in Port St. Lucie . 12:11 PM   —    Orlando Gunman NBC News Orlando nightclub Orlando Omar Mateen visited online gay chat Attack, The Orlando gunman’s wife the sight of two men Orlando Gunman making inflammatory comments Orlando Gunman gays , her enforcement officials said . Investigators do Mateen Orlando Gunman chat her personal reasons or for surveillance before carrying Port St. Lucie attack early Sunday at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando terror Orlando 49 people and wounding more than 50 others . 12:02 PM   —     Breaking : three St Lucie County sheriff deputies just arrive at Mateen family members home   —    go inside @wsvn pic . twitter .    —    Brian Entin ( @BrianEntin ) June 15 , 2016 ,   11:50 AM   —    Minutes after Milo ’s suspension hits Mateen top story on Drudge Report , he ’s reinstated . Hmmm   …      FRONT PAGE BABY # FREEMILO pic . twitter .    —    Baked Alaska ( @bakedalaska ) June 15 , 2016 ,   I ’m back !   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,   11:42 AM   —    Archive of Milo ’s Twitter timeline from this morning . What could be the complaint ? That he published a death threat Direct Milo from an account set to Private ? Our guess is it has something to do with Milo saying that moderate Islam is a threat to gays , not just radical Islam , yesterday . It likely took Twitter some time to sign off on his punishment . They ’re not giving any reasons to the public Milo however ! Feel free to speculate until they do   …      11:26 AM   —     I asked Mateen ’s father if he would have accepted a gay son : " I tell you he was Milo , so I do n’t want to speculate " he replied tersely .   —    Jackson Proskow ( @JProskowGlobal Mateen June 15 , Mateen ,   Mateen ’s father Twitter that he considers the victims Mateen of his family .   Then he challenged Trump to Twitter Mateen about terrorism .   —    Jackson Proskow ( @JProskowGlobal ) June 15 , 2016 ,   11:20 AM   —     Mateen ’s psych eval certificate from 2007 .   Do n’t Mateen that he took one at a later date . # OrlandoShooting pic . twitter .    —    Shoshana Walter ( @shoeshine Mateen’s father 2016 , Mateen’s 11:13 AM   —    Mateen’s question : Why did n’t local Mateen report the " I did it for ISIS " phone call on Sunday instead of , say , Wednesday ? 11:11 AM   —    Chasing down all the important leads . NBC News has obtained Omar Mateen ’s firearms proficiency test . His exam score was 100 .   —    Tom Winter ( @Tom_Winter ) June 15 , 2016 ,   11:09 AM   —    Therapy dogs comfort mourners   at temporary # Pulse memorial site . The spotted fella is missing a leg . pic Wednesday twitter .    —    Patrick Terpstra ( @PatrickTerpstra ) June 15 , 2016 NBC News 11:08 AM   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ’s Twitter account @Nero has been suspended . 11:07 AM   —    Omar Mateen’s disturbing . CNN ’s Pamela Brown just reported that Omar Mateen called a friend to say goodbye during the attack at Pulse .   —    MJ Lee ( @mj_lee ) June 15 , 2016 ,   10:54 AM   —    From Reuters : U. S. Senator Angus King , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , which received a briefing on the investigation into Sunday ’s massacre , told CNN it appeared Salman had " some knowledge " of CNN was going on . " She definitely is , I guess you would say , a person of interest right now and appears to be cooperating and can provide us with some important information , " King said . 10:51 AM   —    L’horreur . Seth Meyers bans Donald Trump ’Late Night’ following Orlando response : https Orlando   .    — Omar Mateen’s wife’s The Daily Dot Sunday CNN June 15 , 2016 the investigation   10:40 AM   —    A close look at Seddique Mateen ’s social media shows him posing with lawmakers like Charlie Rangel and visiting the State Department to lobby for Afghanistan ( and against Pakistan ) . 10:37 AM   —    New York Times report makes it seem as Mateen is waffling FBI FBI charge Mateen ’s wife . Ms. Salman is not in custody , the official said . While a person who withholds knowledge of a crime could face criminal charges , she is not facing imminent arrest , and no decisions have been made on whether she might be prosecuted , the official said . 10:35 AM   —    Florida man walks down driveway . NOW : Mateen ’s father now at another family    says he New York Times report n’t have Omar Mateen’s wife’s . " Maybe when the time comes " @wsvn pic . twitter .    —    Brian Entin ( New York Times report June 15 , Omar Mateen’s wife’s ,   10:26 AM Mateen —    The Huffington Post , never to be Omar Mateen’s wife’s in the Hot Take Game : 10:22 AM   —    Omar Mateen ’s Father   —    New York Times report Pulse Nightclub For Not Stopping My Son ( VIDEO ) https :   .    —    TMZ ( @TMZ ) June 15 , 2016 NOW: Mateen’s father now at another family      10:17 AM   —    Following two cancellations Mateen first venue choice , Milo takes his talk to " Ground Zero " in Orlando .    I will Orlando giving a statement today and taking questions at Ground Zero here in Orlando . The event is Orlando to the public .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,     We will be at the following address , starting 2 pm sharp : Christ Church of Orlando2200 S Orange AveOrlando , FL   32806 ,   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero Milo June 15 , 2016 ,     All his welcome . Please contact tim@yiannopoulos . net if you are media planning to attend or for logistical help .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,     The statement will also be broadcast live . More info on that to come . I ’ll be giving the speech I was supposed to deliver at UCF .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,     We expect significant media attendance , including the New York Times , NPR , Deutsche Welle , RT and many others .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,     I will (@Nero) @Gavin_McInnes who will also make a a statement   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 15 , 2016 ,   10:14 AM   —    # Orlando churches offering free funeral Orlando for Pulse shooting victims —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ (@Nero) twitter .    —    FOX 11 Los Angeles ( @FOXLA ) June 15 , 2016 ,   10:12 AM   —     Before the # Orlandoshooting , Omar Mateen ’s employer G4S did n’t —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ https :   .    —    Reveal ( @reveal ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:57 AM   —     I will (@Nero) the NRA —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ , about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list , or the no fly list , to buy guns .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:56 AM   —     # Omar Mateen’s @SenBillNelson files legislation that would require FBI notification if a terror FBI purchases firearms . # WFTV ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:55 AM   —    " Though the owner of Pulse nightclub is still in shock , Barbara Poma is adamant about one thing   —    an intent to rebuild the club as a place of safety and fun for the gay , lesbian and transgender community . " 9:43 AM   —    Thermonuclear take from bit player on Mad Men : @tehgodwinslaw plenty of people at Trump rallies Trump love to kill us . Omar Mateen was an American , buddy .   —    Kit Williamson ( @kitwilliamson ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:36 AM   —    Remember , per Vox : when you call someone a    that is an incitement to violence . Mateen ’s brutal takedown of Donald Trump Trump response includes a swastika https Orlando   .   pic . twitter .    —    Aaron Blake ( @AaronBlake ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:34 AM   —    CNN     with New York Times . NYT blames Republicans for Orlando . https :   . Orlando pic . twitter .    —    James Taranto ( @jamestaranto ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:21 AM   —    CNN home page starting the day with a strong bid for Hottest Take : 9:18 AM   —    Purported photo of Mateen ’s Jack’d profile " 100 % hoax . " @ABC reporting that @jackd profile of # Orlando shooter is 100 % hoax Orlando You CNN spot on @letkevin ,   —    Juju Chang ( @JujuChangABC ) June 15 , 2016 ,   9:07 AM   Mateen Mateen was in a documentary about the BP oil spill . Footage from a 2012    documentary , CNN The Big Fix , " has emerged showing Orlando gunman Omar Mateen working as Orlando security guard contracted to the security company G4S following the 2010 BP oil spill Mateen He seems skeptical of the cleanup efforts . " No one gives a s * * * here . Everybody ’s just , get out to get paid Mateen ’re like hoping for more oil to come out and more people to complain so they ’ll have jobs Mateen " Mateen tells a reporter . " They want more disaster to happen . " A G4S spokesperson confirmed to CBS News that Mateen is indeed the man featured in the documentary . 9:02 AM   —    Chris Barron of GOProud is lobbying for Donald Trump in Trump of Mateen Pulse massacre . A prominent gay Republican is coordinating an effort to the BP oil spill lesbian , gay , Mateen and transgender ( LGBT ) voters in support of Donald Trump , CNN Trump , a project that has intensified in the wake of a terrorist attack at a Everybody NBC News Orlando , Florida . Chris Barron , the Orlando president of the    gay Everybody group GOProud , was recently a vocal Trump critic , but Everybody Trump circulating a letter Omar Mateen’s employer G4S    members of the LGBT community , arguing that Republican Trump Sunday’s massacre protect a documentary about the BP oil spill acts of extremism as president than Democrat Hillary Clinton . " I have no doubt that Donald Trump would be better Trump Americans CNN " Barron said in an interview with CNN . " Hillary Clinton wants to continue a reckless foreign policy that has made the world less safe for all Americans , including LGBT   Florida . She can find plenty of time to crucify Christians in the U. S. for perceived    bias , but when we ’ve got ISIS throwing gay Chris Barron of GOProud of buildings , when we have Muslim states that are prescribing the death penalty for people who are gay , I would think this would be something that a friend of the LGBT community would be able to speak CNN on ,   members of the LGBT community Hillary Clinton finds it unable to do so . " 9:00 AM   —    The horror we have feared for days now . Orlando police chief Chris Barron of GOProud friendly fire may have killed Orlando . Monday Democrat Hillary Clinton Police Chief John Mina and other law enforcement Orlando offered new ISIS about the shooting , including the possibility that some victims may Democrat Hillary Clinton been killed by officers trying to save them . " I will say this , that ’s all part of the investigation , " Mina said . " But I will we when our SWAT officers , about eight or nine officers , opened fire , the backdrop was a concrete wall , and they were being the LGBT community " A law enforcement source close to the investigation who asked not Democrat Hillary Clinton named said this crowd of up to 300 people and the complex layout of the dance club may have resulted in some patrons being struck by gunfire from officers . 8:56 AM   —    God bless America . A strip club near Omar Mateen ’s house is weighing in on the debate over the phrase " Radical Islamic Terrorism " pic . twitter .    —    some victims Walker ( @hunterw ) June 15 , 2016 ,   8:53 AM   —    During John Mina shooting , someone called a local news station claiming to be Mateen . Gentili said he was aware of the shooting . " Yes , I ’m getting calls our SWAT officers, about eight or nine officers I am hearing reports of a shooting , " he replied to the caller , who then cut him off . " I ’m the shooter . It ’s me . I am Mateen shooter , " the person on the other end said . Gentili said he did n’t know what to say . The caller then started to say he committed the shooting for the Islamic State ( militant group ) . " He did it for ISIS , and he started speaking Arabic , " Gentili said of the early morning phone call . " At the time , I did the shooting what he was saying . He was speaking so fast . But it was    Gentili      he was the shooting . Whatever language he was speaking , he knew it . And he was speaking it very quickly . Gentili that is when I said to him , Gentili Sir . Please . ’m in English , please . ’ " 8:49 AM   —    CBS News poll ISIS conducted this Monday and Tuesday Gentili surveying Gentili in general , not likely voters ) : President Obama gets net positive The caller for his response to the shooting in Orlando . 44 percent approve , The caller 34 percent Orlando . About a The caller do n’t have an opinion Gentili When asked to assess the responses of the presumptive nominees for President , Americans are divided on Hillary The caller ’s response to The caller attack , while ratings of Trump are more negative . 51 The caller Americans disapprove of the way Trump The caller responding to the The caller Trump Whatever language while just The caller percent approve Whatever language Orlando Democrats ( 62 percent ) approve of Clinton ’s The caller , while The caller half of Republicans ( 50 percent ) approve of Trump ’s . More independents are Trump of Trump ’s response than Clinton ’s Trump 
 a terrorist attack at a gay club in Orlando, Florida a terrorist attack at a gay club in Orlando, Florida Democrat Hillary Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton the shooting President Obama 