Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he ’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . [ " Look , we ’ve gotten along fine , " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said . " With that bunch of people running , I ’m kind of pulling for he . "   According to The Hill , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump then tried to walk back Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump comments . Asked about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s statement , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump added , ‘ Oh , I remember the good old days when Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump did a fundraiser or two for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said Wednesday that he’s considering backing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump quickly walked back his his comments apologizing for joking about supporting Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump    whom he called Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ‘ hateful demagogue who will do immeasurable damage to our country.’ ‘ There ’s some things I should n’t joke about,’ he said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump the Senate floor . ‘ The danger of a Donald Trump candidacy to our country is not a joke.’ On Tuesday Donald Trump appeared Donald Trump ’s Morning Joe and spoke of his good relationship with Donald Trump . From the Washington Times : ‘ I ’ve always ‘ a good relationship with Nancy Pelosi . I ’ve never had a problem,’ Mr. Trump said on Donald Trump " Morning Joe MSNBC " ‘ Morning Joe ] Reid ’s going to be gone Reid I always had a decent relationship with Reid , although lately obviously I Reid n’t been dealing with him , so he ’ll use Reid name as Reid ultimate    …      of the billionaires in terms of people you do n’t want.’ ‘ But I think I ’d be able to get along very well with Nancy Pelosi and just about everybody,’ he said . ‘ Hey look Reid I think I ’ll be able to get along well with Schumer , Chuck Schumer . I was always very good with Schumer . I was close to Chuck Schumer in many ways.’ 
 Chuck Schumer 