’   ’ ’      Donald Trump on Wednesday tapped Michigan    billionaire and charter school advocate Betsy DeVos as Donald Trump choice    for education secretary , a move that has prompted a flurry of    praise and backlash from either political side throughout the    week . ’ ’    DeVos , a fierce proponent of school vouchers allowing students to    use public funds to attend private schools , heads up the    nonprofit American Federation for Children and is a former    chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party . ’ ’    a former   chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party has been   since a former   chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party began volunteering for    President Gerald Ford in 1976 , and has since served on the    Republican National Committee , the Alliance for School Choice ,    and the Foundation for Excellence in Education . ’ ’    Trump , who supports vouchers and charter schools , called DeVos a    " brilliant and passionate education advocate . " ’ ’ ’ ’    still a DeVos unknown name at the national level ,    but she has    a DeVos and polarizing figure in Michigan ,    where she fought    years DeVos charter school regulation . ’ "    She helped pass the DeVos ’s charter school law in 1993 , and she    later funded DeVos ballot initiative in 2000 that would have    enshrined a right to vouchers in the state ’s constitution . Her    advocacy has DeVos her appointment a lightning DeVos for Democrats ,    while Republicans who opposed Trump ’s candidacy , such as former    Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , have heaped praise on the move . " ’    The Michigan Democratic Party   calling DeVos a " dangerous and      pick " and an "   education activist , "    accusing her of attacking the state’ ’s public school system and    its teachers for the the state’ of profits of investors in charter    schools . ’ ’    " Here is someone , in Betsy DeVos , who has made it her life’ ’s work    to channel her family’ ’s massive her toward destroying    Michigan’ ’s public education system , " the party said in a    statement . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI am honored to work with the    on his vision to make ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI education great again . The status quo in ed is not acceptable . ’t’t’ ’    The Michigan chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union called    her    advocacy " misguided " and urged the Senate to    the American Civil Liberties Union record before confirming her    ’ ’       She has ardently supported the    , unregulated growth of    charter schools in Michigan    elevating    schools with no    consideration of the severe harm done to traditional public    schools , " wrote the chapter’ ’s . ’ ’    Teachers unions across the country , too , have been highly    critical of DeVos , arguing that despite her years advocating    charter DeVos and vouchers , she lacks firsthand experience    DeVos in or with public schools and sends her own children to    DeVos schools . ’ ’    The head of the American Federation of Teachers , the country’ ’s    largest teachers ’’ union , decried DeVos in a statement on    Wednesday , calling her " the most ideological ,      education nominee " since the creation of the Department of    Education . ’ ’    " In nominating DeVos , Trump makes it loud and clear that his    education policy will Trump on privatizing , defunding and    destroying public education in America , " president . ’ "    The National Education Association , too , blasted DeVos for    lobbying for school vouchers and pushing for      funding at taxpayers’ expense . " ’    " She has consistently pushed a DeVos agenda to privatize ,      and impose    solutions to public    education , " president . ’ ’    DeVos has , however , DeVos the praise of her fellow      advocates , DeVos as Republican   of Tennessee , who called her an " excellent    DeVos , " and Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska , who hailed    her selection as a victory DeVos " educational freedom . " ’ ’    DeVos " has made a career out of standing up to powerful and    connected special interests on behalf of poor kids who are too    often forgotten by Washington , " Sasse , a critic of Trump along    the campaign trail , . ’ ’    The president of the National Charter Schools Institute had kind    words for her as well , calling The president of the National Charter Schools Institute a " bold pick The president of the National Charter Schools Institute " ’ ’    " She has been an outspoken The president of the National Charter Schools Institute for years for school choice    and charter schools and challenging the status quo , " . ’ ’    But DeVos has also attracted criticism from some conservatives    because of her association with organizations that DeVos supported    the Common Core education standards . The website Breitbart , which    was fervently supportive of Trump’ ’s candidacy , blared in a    headline : " Donald Trump Announces    Core Betsy DeVos as    Education DeVos " ’ ’    DeVos has since disavowed the standards DeVos a statement and on    social media . ’ ’    " I am not a supporter   —    period , " . ’ 
 