  ( CNN ) On the day that Donald Trump made news by openly inviting Russia to intervene in the presidential election , the Democrats in Philadelphia reminded America what true patriotism is . For months , Donald Trump ’s " Make America Great Again " slogan has been not just the heart of his campaign , but also the reflection of the wounded pride of his followers : in the Rust Belt , in Appalachia , among uneducated white men who feel " ripped off " by the world . Trump’s brand of patriotism is strikingly , even shockingly , about decline and loss . It Trump’s not strike any of the mystic chords of memory that Lincoln touched and Reagan struck again . It Trump’s not evoke our nation ’s founding ideals . It Trump’s just a vision of     a promise that if an unashamed swindler can become a wealthy celebrity then America must still have a chance . Wednesday night ’s speakers offered a different story about patriotism . It started with Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly , who have served their country in office and in uniform , and who as citizens now are fighting to reduce the gun violence that almost took her Gabby Giffords . It It with Vice President Joe Biden , who rekindled a spirit of    pride in America based not on fear or resentment or a sense of decline , but on resilience and toughness . Biden did something no other speaker had done to that point : He Biden in anger . He Biden not just offended or indignant about Trump ’s words and deeds . He Biden angry that this fraud and possibly even traitor would dare lay claim to    loyalties . The narrative about true patriotism rolled on with former New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg , once a Democrat and then a Republican and now an independent , who delivered the line of the night : " I ’m a New Yorker . I know a con when I see one . " Bloomberg ’s pitch , devastatingly effective , was explicitly about putting country above party .   It Bloomberg’s with vice presidential pick Tim Kaine ’s spirit of humility and message of service before self . His Tim Kaine in his Tim Kaine , a Marine who ’s just deployed to Europe , was palpable . As was his Tim Kaine corniness , which played as earnest , uncynical belief in the America But ultimately , the spirit of true patriotism was best expressed and embodied , as it was the spirit of true patriotism years ago at this convention , by Barack Obama . " Filled with faith " in America is how he described himself . he contrasted he belief in American ingenuity and decency with the pessimism and    fearfulness that Trump feeds on . He contrasted he " We " of " We the People " with Trump ’s Trump I alone . " He quoted he Roosevelt . And he painted he Clinton in these colors of patriotism properly understood . Join us on Facebook . . Over a century ago , a U. S. senator from Missouri came to national prominence in a time of nativism and fear . His name a U. S. senator from Missouri Carl Schurz . He was a U. S. senator from Missouri German immigrant . He had a U. S. senator from Missouri a general in the Union Army during the Civil War . When demagogues chanted " My country , right or wrong , " Schurz replied with a profound twist . True patriotism , he said a U. S. senator from Missouri means , " My country : when right , to be kept right when wrong , to be set right . " The United States thrives when citizens of both parties think and act this way . On Wednesday night , Americans who happen to be Democrats reminded us again how to do it . 
 