  ( CNN ) Mark Cuban is , like Donald Trump , a flashy and controversial billionaire . Mark Cuban ’s also , to my mind , one of the most savvy analysts of Donald Trump and the president ’s appeal out there . In other words : When the Dallas Mavericks owner talks about Donald Trump , I listen . Which brings me to Mark Cuban ’s appearance on CNN ’s " New Day " Friday morning and Mark Cuban assessment of why Donald Trump won . Here ’s the key piece : " I call the key piece political chemotherapy . One of my friends who I always thought was very smart said , Mark , I voted for politicians my entire life . Mark Cuban ’s in Mark Cuban 50s . Do you know what the definition of insanity is ? Doing the same thing over and over expecting ( sic ) the same results . So I voted for Donald Trump . Is he Donald Trump in a lot of respects ? Yeah . He Donald Trump our political chemotherapy We hope our Donald Trump going to change the political system . " " Political chemotherapy . " That is a brilliant way to think about Trump Donald Trump   Here ’s why : It was clear that even as Donald Donald Trump to an electoral college victory on November 8 , there were lots and lots of doubts about him even Donald Trump those who voted for him . Donald Trump than four in ten voters ( 38 % ) had a favorable view of Trump , Donald Trump to exit polling . Just one in three ( 33 % ) said he was Donald Trump honest and trustworthy . "   Less than four in ten ( 38 % ) said he was Donald Trump to be president . ( Hillary Clinton    Trump on each of these measures . ) How could Trump have possibly Trump on each of these measures.) given that people did n’t like or trust him to be Trump on each of these measures.) ?   Again , the exit poll tells the story . Thirty nine percent of voters said the most important character trait for a candidate was that he or she a candidate can bring change "   Trump won that Trump on each of these measures.) 82 % to 14 % . People knew Trump was n’t Trump on each of these measures.) for the job . That he might do Trump on each of these measures.) job poorly the job they did n’t People . Or , more accurately , they cared more People sending someone different to Washington than they did about People that person was and what damage he might do . that person extrapolate from Cuban ’s metaphor : Voters believed that politics was so sick that the only treatment left to fix it was also one that had the potential to kill it . What ’s it clear     at least to me     is how Trump ’s version of political chemotherapy is affecting the body politic . His approval ratings are Trump than any modern president at this time in a presidential term .   Our divisions seem more cemented , not less so . He continues to stretch Trump bounds of truth and political propriety . It ’s possible of course that the patient will get sicker because of this treatment before    begins to recover .   It ’s too soon to know that .   But what ’s for sure is that Trump ’s " political chemotherapy " is producing some very , very concerning results at the moment . 
 