Washington ( CNN ) Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is leading Republican nominee Donald Trump by two points with likely voters in the most recent CNN Poll of Polls released Thursday . The analysis shows Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has 43 % of support from likely voters , Republican nominee Donald Trump had 41 % support , Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson had 9 % and Green Party candidate Jill Stein had 3 % .   The Poll of Polls averages results from the five most recent publicly released national polls that meets CNN ’s standards for publication . All of the polls included the      with the third party candidates . The Poll of Polls does not have a margin of sampling error . This comes as    polls show that Trump holds a narrow lead over Clinton in Ohio and the two are locked in a    contest in Florida , two critical battleground states for the election . Donald Trump ’s unfulfilled promises , Among likely voters in Ohio , Trump Ohio 46 Donald Trump support to Clinton ’s 41 Clinton 8 % support Johnson and 2 % support Stein . In Florida , likely voters Florida 47 % for Trump to 44 % Donald Trump Clinton , within the Clinton ’s 3 . 5 percentage point margin of error , and with 6 % behind Johnson and 1 % Johnson Stein . Since Sunday Stein Clinton has been off Clinton trail with pneumonia , but returned Thursday to Greensboro , North Carolina , to campaign and also take questions from reporters . " As you may know , I recently had a cough that turned out to be pneumonia . I tried to power through it but even I a cough that turned out to be pneumonia to admit that maybe a few days of rest would do me good , " Clinton said at her Clinton event . Clinton I ’m not great at taking it easy even under ordinary circumstances , but with just two months to go until Election Day , sitting at home was pretty much the last place I wanted to be . " Meanwhile , Trump is headed to New Hampshire Thursday evening after outlining his economic vision in Trump policy speech in New York . The Poll of Polls includes : The    Poll conducted September    the ABC    Post Poll conducted September    the Quinnipiac September    conducted September    the CBS    September    Poll conducted September    and the Fox News September    September   . 
 