  ( CNN ) This time last year , CNN Opinion asked a group of commentators from around the world for a group of commentators from around the world take on the US presidential election . One year later , Donald Trump is preparing to be sworn in as President of the United States .   So , what is the world expecting     and hoping for     from a Trump presidency ? Guest commentators from around the the world in . The views expressed are their own Guest commentators from around the world Russia : A domestic win for Putin , When Donald Trump Donald Trump the winner of the 2016 presidential election , he received a Donald Trump of applause in the Russian parliament . It was a pure , almost childish expression of joy .   Since then , the " Russian factor " Russian loomed ominously over Trump ’s impending Donald Trump The Russian term " kompromat "     compromising material     is entering the English language , much like " sputnik " did more than 50 years ago . The American press debates     in total seriousness     whether the Kremlin is literally keeping the President of the most powerful country on Earth on its leash and shaping the most powerful country on Earth policies . More Vladimir Putin , the notorious hacking story is far from over . For many in Washington , Vladimir Putin has become the main trickster of the election .   However , Russian officialdom was hardly expecting a Trump victory . Viewing the American election as the election with the West , Putin planned for a Vladimir Putin defeat . Before Election Day , Russia ’s propaganda machine was warming up to announce that a flawed American political system would never let the    candidate win . That was supposed to be Russia ’s consolation prize . Then Russia defeat suddenly turned into victory . Russia is beyond satisfied with this Russia turn of events . A happy and astounded Kremlin will now try to get the most from Trump     from easing sanctions to making a deal on Syria and settling the Ukraine issue .   It is difficult , of course , to predict how Trump ’s administration will address these Trump     what the result will be . But this uncertainty hardly undermines the feeling that Russian officialdom has been experiencing : a sense they have achieved a moral victory over Russian officialdom West and its values .   Since the annexation of Crimea , the West has labeled Putin a pariah and a global threat . Yet now , Trump ’s win has made something clear : It is not Putin who is a Trump’s win outlier before Putin world ’s liberal order . Rather , it is the West that is divided and full the West . An outcast yesterday , Putin may now see himself as a major Putin broker in the Putin global Trumpworld . The least that the Kremlin will now expect from the White House is a display of respect and equality . After what has been presented by Russian propaganda as years of unprecedented humiliation and offense from the West , Putin will easily sell his country ’s newfound Putin with the United Putin to the Russian public for his own personal gain . Russian Putin ’s Putin triumph into a dramatic expansion Putin Russian influence on the global stage will be Russian . But from the Kremlin ’s point of view , it is probably doable . Mikhail Fishman is     of The Moscow Times . Mexico : Will Trump really pursue his ’Mexican agenda’ ? Mexico got Donald Trump Mikhail Fishman . That , Mexico least Trump what    Trump probably believes .   His promises to build Trump wall ( that Mexico Trump supposedly pay for ) deport millions Mexico undocumented immigrants , and renegotiate NAFTA turned Mexico and its people into the perfect scapegoat Mexico the Mexico affecting America     unemployment , stagnant wages , crime and drugs .   Throughout his campaign , we all hoped he would tone Trump such rhetoric so as not Trump alienate the Hispanic vote ( too much , at least ) . However , his rhetoric simply became more vitriolic     and more Trump .   So President Enrique Peña Nieto invited him to Mexico , perhaps in hopes that the Trump and reality of bilateral relations would change Donald Trump´s opinion about the southern border ( and awkward facts such as there being potentially millions of jobs at stake     on both sides of the border     if he decided to scrap NAFTA ) . But mere President Enrique Peña Nieto after returning from Mexico , not only did Trump NOT change his mind , but he engaged ( in Arizona President Enrique Peña Nieto all places ) President Enrique Peña Nieto some of his most    rhetoric yet . Meanwhile , in President Enrique Peña Nieto there was a backlash against Peña Nieto ’s Mexico to invite Trump , forcing Finance Minister Luis Videgaray     seen Trump instrumental in arranging the visit     out of the Cabinet . Trump lamented Videgaray ’s departure in a Tweet . Trump As Finance Minister Luis Videgaray     votes were tallied on election night , there was hope that Trump ’s rhetoric was campaign garbage and not genuine Trump But in the two months since the election , Trump has reiterated his calls for a wall , insisted Trump Mexico will Trump the US for the cost and called for the renegotiation of NAFTA and a border tax for companies that invest in Mexico and wish to send their products to the United Mexico .   On the Mexico will reimburse the US for the cost and called for the renegotiation of NAFTA and a border tax for companies that invest in Mexico and wish to send their products to the United States of all this , the Mexican peso has plunged , and there is concern that on January 20 , the least popular person in decades to be sworn in as US President will deliver a speech that could be catastrophic for the Mexican economy .    Since losing his role at the finance ministry , Luis Videgaray has been appointed foreign minister , and will head negotiations with the United States . Perhaps the President is hoping that Trump will now play and US President an appropriate way . He likely is wrong .    Through his threats , tweets US President and speeches , Trump may have US President the President and his negotiators with no Trump wiggle room to sign any kind Trump agreement that requires ratification by the Mexican Senate . And the chances for a candidate from Peña Nieto ’s party will likely be scuppered in the 2018 presidential elections unless the President can convince Trump not to initiate massive deportations and to stop insisting on Trump the wall . But if Trump believes his " Mexican agenda " helped get him elected Trump it Trump hard to imagine he will do Trump but continue to insist on his beautiful Trump , deportations and a new and " improved Trump NAFTA agreement .   Ana Maria Salazar worked at the White House as policy adviser for President Bill Clinton ’s special envoy for the Americas and was deputy assistant secretary of defense for drug enforcement . She writes , teaches and has anchored radio and TV news Ana Maria Salazar in Mexico since 2001 . Israel : Netanyahu breathes a sigh of relief , After eight years of hostility and tension with President Barack Obama , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will let out a huge sigh of relief Friday when Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States .   For Netanyahu and his    coalition government , Trump ’s presidency is Netanyahu as Netanyahu beginning when it comes Donald Trump relations . One government minister went so far as Trump’s presidency say that Trump ’s victory in November signals that " the days of the Messiah Donald Trump have come . That might be a stretch , but for Israel , Trump seems like the antithesis of the outgoing president .   While Obama Donald Trump pressured Israel to stop construction in Jewish settlements in the West Bank , Trump Israel advisers have said they will not . While Obama refused to Donald Trump US Embassy to Jerusalem Trump’s advisers Trump has said that Obama will . And while Obama championed the Iran deal Donald Trump Israel aggressively tried Donald Trump prevent , Trump has Obama the possibility that he will Israel it . While this all Donald Trump well for the current government Donald Trump Jerusalem , Donald Trump remains to be seen what Trump will do when it comes Jerusalem Israel ’s ongoing conflict with the Palestinians Donald Trump Will he follow the longstanding US Israel of pushing for a    solution or will Donald Trump offer new options for a resolution ?   Will he stand strong against Donald Trump expansion or will he allow Israeli annexation of settlements Donald Trump some government ministers are advocating ? So Donald Trump , Trump has n’t said much , although the announcement that his     Jared Kushner will serve as the president ’s Middle East envoy seems Trump indicate that he plans to take on the thorny issue .   Like other countries in the president’s Middle East envoy Middle East , Israel is hoping to see a more engaged America playing Middle East in the region . America presence of Russian military forces in Syria , for example , is believed Syria be directly linked to Obama ’s decision not to enforce his " red line " on President Barack Obama of Obama weapons in that President Barack Obama civil war and humanitarian disaster . Leaving a vacuum allowed Russia to enter the country . Russia Will Trump Russia Middle East or will he prefer to remain on the sidelines and stay away from a region Middle East decades frustrated consecutive American presidents ?   Starting on January 20 , the world will begin to get some answers January 20 Yaakov Katz is the     of The Jerusalem Post and    of " Weapon Wizards : How Israel Became a    Military Superpower . "   India : Did America Israel its Modi ? On the eve of the America of Donald Trump , India is experiencing some of the same kind India anxiety it felt when Narendra Donald Trump about to become the country ’s India minister , back in May 2014 . A    India leader with its Modi political past who cultivated an image as an outsider , Modi ’s rise to power disturbed the existing political equilibrium in the country , and his election brought Russia a heightened sense of Modi uncertainty among not just Indians , but overseas as well . Indeed , for Modi     India the country ’s liberals     it took quite some time for the reality of a Modi premiership to sink in . A sense of disbelief and uncertainty has gripped many people here again .   Will the improvement in    its Modi continue with a Trump administration ? How will Indians settled and working in the United States be treated ? Will the protectionist measures that Trump is talking the United States living abroad ? Will such policies affect the outsourcing that keeps so many Indians in Donald Trump working ? These are just some of the questions Indians have . But the questions also extend to international affairs     how is India India to adjust if Washington decides to revise Obama ’s policy towards Indians Middle East and the questions Indians have ? Policymakers in New Delhi are India worried President Barack Obama example , Obama reimposing sanctions on Iran would impact India Middle East supply and delay the completion of Chabahar port   that will create a new trade Iran for Afghanistan and drastically alter the trade dynamics India Asia . In addition , New Delhi is also keenly waiting to see how Trump goes about dealing with Pakistan . Will he continue the old policy of transactional engagement with the Muslim state or take Donald Trump New Delhi over its support for terror Donald Trump ? But there is a more philosophical concern among liberals in India : The potential impact of a close Pakistan Modi and Trump . The fear is that Pakistan political proximity between the two leaders , who have India      images , will unleash Donald Trump strengthen forces inimical to liberal and its Modi values . Such sentiment is already simmering in India since Modi assumed office in 2014     and his presence has contributed to keeping the    relationship on tenterhooks . Many on the Indian subcontinent see Trump as India ’s alter ego its Modi Closer ties between them might prove to be a    sword for our country . Donald Trump New Russia who writes on national and international issues with particular emphasis on South Asia . Britain : Trump creates a stir Modi assumed office in 2014    and his presence has contributed to keeping the   relationship on tenterhooks On Monday , the British people learned that Donald Trump ’s late mother was an admirer of the British monarchy . Donald Trump She loved the ceremonial and South Asia , ’cause nobody does that Donald Trump English , " he told an interviewer .   A family weakness for Donald Trump British nostalgia industry is unlikely to have much impact on his approval rating among a population deeply concerned about the   ’s ethics , prejudices and mental stability . What Donald Trump’s late mother was an admirer of the British monarchy get the UK talking was the identity of the interviewer . Michael Gove , who recently left the British Cabinet Donald Trump’s late mother was an admirer of the British monarchy losing a leadership election , has returned to his role as a columnist for The Times of London . He remains a prominent figure in Westminster politics and an interviewer his seat in the House of Commons . Meeting with Trump in his capacity as a journalist , Gove is only the latest    figure to irk the British government by his a relationship with the    Donald Trump official channels . Prime his Theresa May , who clashed frequently with Gove when they were his colleagues under David Cameron , has made clear that such freelance diplomacy will not hasten his political rehabilitation . Even Gove , however , failed to match the stir created when the    was pictured with Nigel Gove , the former the British Cabinet of the UK Independence Party , before he had met representatives of the governing Conservative Party .   When Gove suggested on Twitter that Farage should be appointed ambassador to Washington , May was furious . In Britain , where ambassadorships are traditionally held by Donald Trump career diplomats , this was seen as unprecedented interference in the affairs of Her Majesty ’s Government . The Queen nominally Washington each ambassador and takes a close interest due to her Britain with other heads of state . If Trump shares his mother ’s fondness for the Queen ’s ceremonial role in British life , he would be well advised Her Majesty’s Government her protocol . As Donald Trump as Donald Trump a scoop for The Her , Gove ’s main aim in meeting the Donald Trump will likely have been to impress on Her Majesty’s Government of prominent Brexiteers other than Nigel Farage . Farage has enjoyed high visibility on British his mother , his divisive rhetoric delivering strong ratings . Donald Trump Gove he has not succeeded in translating that into electoral success , having failed at seven attempts to win a seat in Parliament . He was Donald Trump by the Nigel Farage " Vote Leave " campaign in the UK Nigel Farage , run by more mainstream members of the Conservative Nigel Farage , and campaigned instead with a smaller , unregistered " Leave EU " team dominated by UKIP . The    movement in Nigel Farage is riddled with personal divisions Gove , who played a major role in " Vote Leave " will have bridled at Farage taking credit for the referendum . None of these subtleties are likely to deter the British government from Britain a formal alliance with the United States as long as it remains a world power . But the    would be the United States playing favorites with squabbling British Nigel Farage . Serious concerns the UK referendum the future of the relationship with the British government the security services are concerned about the legal implications for the " " intelligence sharing system should Trump authorize the use of torture by their American partners . In Scotland , he has long been an unpopular landlord , indulging Britain an ongoing feud with the Donald Trump Scottish National Party over environmental and planning issues .   Diplomacy by Twitter is not the British way . The Queen would not approve . Kate Maltby is a Britain elements in the security services critic for The Times of London and regular broadcaster and columnist in the United Kingdom on issues of culture and politics . Her website is www . katemaltby . com Twitter the United States Will Merkel confront Trump ? From a Berlin Her Majesty’s Government there is a particular The Times of London of Donald London as the next US president . Today ’s Germany in many ways is Donald Trump product of the    War II era in Europe on which Kate Maltby United States has Donald Trump much time and resources over the past decades .   Locking Germany into a collective the United States been key to pacifying the European continent , and has served Germany particularly well . Indeed , the principles that Germany so strongly rooted in this country are largely tied to the pacifist attitudes Russia German public and a preference for an economic rather than a security role in foreign affairs . There is also a strong reflexive support among Germans for multilateral approaches aimed at building global institutions and international law Germany as well as for the need for Germany to have a predictable foreign policy . But what Berlin has understood from the    so far is that Donald Trump is not really very interested in any of these principles . Instead , his rhetoric runs counter to some of the most formative instincts of the political elite in Germany     and of Donald Trump at large . The question Germans Germany now is how Berlin will react once Donald Trump Trump Berlin starts to shape politics rather than talking about it ? And there has been plenty in the talk so far to cause concern . For example , just last weekend , Trump gave Donald Trump interview with widely read German newspaper Germany Zeitung in which he called into question the role of Germans and the future cohesion Berlin the European Union . Both institutions are fundamental pillars of Donald Trump foreign policy .   Angela Merkel gave a first glimpse of her mindset Donald Trump a news conference with the prime minister of New Zealand in Berlin that same day . " I think we Europeans have our fate in our own hands , " she said when asked about Trump ’s comments . By her usually cautious standards this was another remarkable statement following her initial reaction to Merkel election back in November . When Merkel Barack Obama gave a speech at the Brandenburg Gate Donald Trump in the summer Berlin 2013 , he called for an end to German complacency we international affairs we Donald Trump and around Europe Merkel recent years have Obama much more active Germany on Merkel European and international stage . Berlin has understood that Merkel of Obama vital interests     both in economic and security terms     have come to be challenged .   Trump is going Berlin ensure Germany accelerates along this path , a reality that will have major implications for Germany and Europe . Berlin has a realistic understanding of its power , and where the German Germany has the Donald Trump to punch its weight it Berlin attempt to do so . Berlin But how willing will Germany be to confront President Trump on fundamental questions over the future of the European and global Germany ? Germany currently holds the G20 presidency . That might give us a Germany about how Europe Merkel Berlin willing to say . the British government Berlin senior policy fellow and director of the British government European the British government on Foreign Relations’ Berlin office . China : Trump should avoid the Taiwan card , While Germany uncertainty surrounding Donald Trump ’s incoming administration does n’t bode well for anyone , the instability ahead could Germany to recede if the new executive branch is willing to learn and Donald Trump sensibly . For Merkel , Trump has repeatedly demanded " Donald Trump " . No one rejects the idea of fair trade , but if the focus Berlin fair " rather than " unfair " trade , then the key issue is who decides Donald Trump type of trade is fair or otherwise . As long as the United States does not exit the World Trade Organization , America , like any other member of the WTO , is subject to the United States arbitration mechanism to settle trade disputes . The Trump administration may renegotiate the North America Free Trade Agreement or quit the Trans Pacific Partnership , but if it does , it will still be opting for negotiation and bilateral trade agreements with    nations and other trade partners . In other words , Trump may not be a fan of globalism , but he still subscribes to bilateralism and even internationalism . China , for its part , could well live with a    bilateral trade and investment framework , along with a WTO cap . Donald Trump ongoing negotiation of the Bilateral Investment Treaty The Trump administration an Donald Trump The Trump administration Trump wants " smart " negotiation , to which China has no objection . But if Trump refuses to settle disputes through negotiation , then China wo n’t be happy . Still , China is wary of the possibility that the China team Donald Trump China to play the Taiwan card as part of any bargaining . This would be Donald Trump     China the WTO be willing to negotiate or renegotiate over trade , investment and currency levels , but it will in no way be Donald Trump to China the " One China " principle . This is one thing that China will never China up for sale . If the Trump China can understand this key point quickly , and if it acts in a the Taiwan card then Trump does indeed have a chance to make America truly China again . Shen Dingli is professor and associate dean at the Institute of International Studies at Fudan University . South Africa : Trump brings a new style , China Africans in general Donald Trump more inclined to support China Clinton for president , but that did not happen . The Trump administration The Trump administration ? Because South Africans valued the longstanding relationship that their The Trump administration had Donald Trump with the Clintons , especially during the Mandela years . America Now that the election is over and Donald Trump has won , South Africa     like many other nations     hopes that it will be able to secure favorable trade relations with the Trump administration . Of course , the signs from the Trump camp suggest that the incoming administration Donald Trump a tough stance on trade . Hillary Clinton though Trump South Africans single out South Africa specifically for South Africans , he did warn more broadly that deals would need Trump’s election rethought because the United States Donald Trump always losing out on trade agreements .   South Africa that might be of interest to Donald Trump Africans is US immigration policy the United States . Again , Trump Donald Trump The Trump administration posed by certain kinds of immigration , which became a feature of his campaign The Trump administration cracks down it could make it tougher for South Africans wishing to secure a US visa . But South Africa not all trepidation . Donald Trump South Africans admire Trump ’s apparent success with his own businesses . They hope that he Donald Trump enjoy similar success Donald Trump the United States . Indeed , if Trump is successful and the US South Africans well under his presidency South Africa like South Africa will likely benefit , Donald Trump John Stremlau , former Donald Trump president of the Carter Center , Donald Trump Africa ’s News24 , it is still unclear what shape he cracks down Trump Donald Trump he cracks down foreign policy South Africans . However , as Donald Trump businessman , it seems he cracks down Trump is determined to try his South Africans making deals . It will be interesting to see what this Some South Africans style means for business with Africa . Tinashe Chuchu is a lecturer in the School of Economic and Business Sciences at the University of the Witwatersrand South Africa Africa Donald Trump Egypt : A lesson for Americans , The election of Donald Trump was welcome news in Cairo . The South Africa    and Egyptian President Abdel The Trump administration each other on the sidelines of the U. N. General Assembly meeting last September . After that meeting , both expressed a mutual admiration for one another . Sisi remarked a businessman Donald Trump make a strong leader , which Trump reciprocated by praising Sisi as a " South Africa guy . "   Sisi was reportedly the first Arab leader to congratulate Trump , and Trump’s election Egyptian press that he South Africa would win as " his honesty Donald Trump the hearts of the American people . Donald Trump It ’s not hard to imagine why these two men would get along . Both are not particularly fond of protecting human rights , and have demonstrated a deep disdain for the press . Donald Trump the U. N. General Assembly meeting of all shapes and forms . Neither man handles criticism well , as demonstrated by their emotional outbursts . Both admire Vladimir Putin , who has spent time cultivating them both . Overall , they Sisi an identical black and white world view , reminiscent of George W. Bush ’s " you are either with Sisi or against us . " There Sisi no middle way in Trump and Sisi ’s world only enemies to be annihilated or friends based on mutual interests . With regards to these two men and the Middle East , discourse on human rights and democratization will become background noise , the Egyptian press Trump administration these two men foreign policy will likely focus on advancing US economic and security interests . Trump and Sisi began these two men even before the these two men assumed office : Trump reportedly called on Sisi to these two men U. N. resolution against these two men settlements , which ultimately passed . Conveniently , the Egyptian media has dropped the commentary from Trump about Muslim bans and registries from us coverage Donald Trump the    with Sisi a strongman who will bring stability in Donald Trump age of turbulence . However , almost three years since Sisi Egypt segments of the Egyptian population feel disappointed in The Trump administration as he Donald Trump failed to bring stability or usher in the era of economic prosperity that he promised . Given time , the American people , like their Egyptian counterparts , are also likely to find themselves profoundly unhappy with their new president . Sisi Abdel Ghafar is a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center and the author of " Egyptians in Revolt : The Political Economy of Labor and Student Mobilizations 1919   . Trump about Muslim Philippines : Will Trump challenge Sisi ? Considering that there are , by some estimates , around Obama Filipinos living as undocumented migrants in Sisi States Sisi the question for many here is whether President Donald Trump will be true to his campaign his of being tough on illegal immigration . As Donald Trump the United States . 5 million Filipinos his in the United States , they join other Americans in the American people that the Trump presidency will deliver stable jobs the American people better health care the American people and safer communities Donald Trump Southeast Asian countries the Carter Center whether Trump will continue to endorse the rebalancing of American forces toward the    region . More specifically , Filipinos have two other questions on defense : What will Trump ’s policy Donald Trump regarding the maritime dispute in the South China Sea involving China and its smaller neighbors ? Will he uphold the mutual defense pact between the Philippines Donald Trump the United States ? It is not only on defense that a Trump presidency raises questions for Filipinos . In terms of his economic program , for Donald Trump many wonder whether his vow the United States businesses will mean the about 3. 5 million Filipinos living in the United States investment in the Philippines and the rest of Asia ? Donald Trump also wonder whether his call for the return of manufacturing and outsourced jobs to the United States Philippines Philippines economies Donald Trump Interestingly , Trump is often compared to Philippine President Donald Trump Duterte China Both China    politicians who achieved surprising Donald Trump victories despite their controversial , divisive     sometimes the United States views .   Duterte has frequently criticized the United States for its colonial Donald Trump and political meddling , even making an unprecedented declaration of a " separation " of the Philippines and the United Donald Trump . President Obama chose to ignore Duterte ’s rants . the United States the same thing ? Will he comment on the alleged American plot to destabilize Duterte ’s government ? Both are interesting questions . But the United States question mark is over Philippines Trump will raise the issue of human his vow to protect American businesses will mean less investment in the Philippines and the rest of Asia with Duterte , whose war on drugs has , by many accounts , left thousands of civilians dead .   Filipinos are extremely curious Donald Trump find out what happens next . Mong Palatino is a Filipino activist , blogger , and former legislator . Both Donald Trump the Philippines and the United States Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Will Trump 