The just released ‘ Hillary16’ campaign app is supposed to be the cornerstone of Clinton ’s digital dominance over Donald Trump , but competing for " stars " to receive    personalized Clinton spam messages is like Ralfie in the Christmas Story trying to drink enough Ovaltine to receive a Secret Decoder Pin . [ One of the most iconic American movie scenes is Ralfie ’s quest to drink gallons of Ovaltine to receive an Orphan Annie Secret Society Decoder Pin in the mail . But when Ralfie decodes Ralfie first message with an Orphan Annie Secret Society Decoder Pin in the mail , Ralfie finds out that it ’s a crummy commercial telling Ralfie to " Be Sure to Drink Your Ovaltine . "   The Hillary16 Digital HQ App is now advertised on the iTunes Store as follows : The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the presidency is us . Download the new Hillary 2016 app to take small actions every day that ’ll add up to helping win this election —   and make history . Test your knowledge , get special access , and compete against your friends ( and Hillary supporters Hillary the country ! ) to do the most good . In this sort of " Pokémon Go to the Polls ! " game , users compete to win " stars " to help Hillary Rodham Clinton get elected as President of the United States . The first " duty " of Hillary16 app users is to open and decorate a " drab " virtual HRC campaign office space . Users    the space a "drab" virtual HRC campaign office space purchasing " lighting , desks , tables , plants and a wide variety of other furniture and wall hangings . Hipsters on the Hillary16 app wo n’t want to miss the opportunity to invest in the featured " blue bean bag chair . " But in a warning for those users concerned they might commit those users concerned they might commit macro aggressions aggressions : the users must those users concerned they might commit macro aggressions generating environmental " bad energies " by allowing their virtual HRC campaign those users concerned they might commit macro aggressions HQ " office plants to wilt because the user failed to visit the site several times a day to virtually water virtually defenseless plants . Once the Hillary16 user finally moves into to     virtual office ,     must be vigilant by constantly checking     iPhone , because the user never knows when there will be a game warning on the site that virtual the site State Hillary Clinton is about to stop by . Users must immediately then invite all their Facebook Friends so they Users celebrate hosting a Users HRC campaign office grand opening . Each day , Hillary16 app users will be given " four things " they must do to help Hillary16 app users win in November , and a counter will track if they complete the tasks in Hillary16 app users to win points . In order to add some shame to the Hillary16 app , the user Hillary16 points will be compared to points earned by their friends , statewide users the user’s points everyone else . The first task sent to users on July 24 was to answer the question : " Fill in the blank : The U. S. economy would have produced an additional $ _ _ _ _ billion in 2015 , if women were received equal pay . " The choice of answers are " 1 ) $ 283 billion 2 ) $ 354 billion and 3 ) $ 482 billion . " Drum roll please   …     . and   …      the Hillary16 app points winning correct answer is : 482 million ! If a Hillary16 app user continuously answers Hillary16 qualifying questions correctly and sends gobs of important Hillary16 campaign spam to all their friends , the user gobs of important Hillary16 campaign spam eventually win a Hillary16 app user to earn virtual stars and virtual trophies . In an offer for which Christmas Story ’s Ralphie would have been willing to drink barrels of Ovaltine , Hillary16 app top performing users who earn 325 points can receive authentic genuine " bots "   —    a Hillary Clinton picture with a machine generated signature delivered to their home in the U. S. Hillary16 app top performing users who earn 325 points . Silicon Valley tech CEOs including Eric Schmidt , Sheryl Sandberg , Airbnb C. E. O. Brian Chesky , and Netflix C. E. O. Reed Hastings , signed a letter endorsing Hillary Clinton for president because " Hillary Clinton destroy much of what is great about America . " It has been assumed that this commitment would allow Clinton to dominate Donald Trump in the tech space , Trump Hillary16 app ’s " digital HQ " game just seems hokey . Correction : the original version of this article cited a question about jobs instead of the economy . 
 