’’ ’For a company like Boeing , President Donald Trump ’s " America First "   which represent a sharp departure for the US , threaten the way the corporation does business.’ ’Take the corporation 787 Dreamliner.’ ’It ’s a flying symbol of an interconnected world economy , one with a network of global suppliers that would be hard to unravel with government policies , and a global group of customers waiting to buy the plans.’ ’The Dreamliner is like the United Nations of planes:’ ’’ " After all that , the components travel around the world before arriving at one of Boeing ’s factories in Washington or South Carolina , where they ’re assembled into finished planes . Then , they ’re delivered to more than 60 airlines worldwide . " ’The Trump administration ’s foreign policy and stances on trade and defense could have significant effects on how multinational companies do business . While a company such as Boeing supports a massive manufacturing presence in the US , Trump administration has cultivated a broad network of international partners that have invested decades and billions of dollars into relationships with Boeing . a broad network of international partners that have invested decades and billions of dollars into relationships with Boeing have deep ties to their a broad network of international partners that have invested decades and billions of dollars into relationships with Boeing governments and business communities , but the new administration ’s hardline stance on globalization threatens those bonds . And for Boeing , it the new administration give its the new administration rival , Airbus , a serious leg up.’ ’As the   on trade , there are few companies as potentially affected by policies and changes as Boeing . This is especially true for the nondefense half of its This , Boeing Commercial Airplanes , which makes the Dreamliner.’ ’First , take the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) that pact between the US , Canada , and Mexico that for more than two decades has created a free market in the region . While controversial leading up to its This is especially true for the nondefense half of its business, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, which makes the Dreamliner.’ ’First, take the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) that pact between the US, Canada, and Mexico that for more than two decades has created a free market in the region , the furor over NAFTA died down in recent years   —    until being reignited by Trump , who has vowed to renegotiate or even scrap the agreement.’ ’’ " Now with NAFTA NAFTA future in doubt , and Trump ’s plan to build a    wall on the Mexican border   —    paid for with a   on Mexican imports   —    Boeing could suffer . " ’First , there are those thrust reversers built in Mexico ; they those thrust reversers built in Mexico instantly become a lot more expensive.’ " There are customers at stake . Mexico Mexico flag carrier , AeroMexico , flies an    fleet , while its Mexico local rivals , Interjet and Volaris , are loyal customers of Airbus , the European giant . If Mexico Mexico against US tariffs by instituting its Mexico border tax for goods coming into the Mexico Boeing planes could become a lot more expensive and lead AeroMexico to choose Airbus over Airbus . Boeing ’"A 20 % tax on the planes Boeing planes and basically makes any Boeing product Boeing for Mexican customers . " Vinay Bhaskara , a senior business analyst at Airways , told Business Insider . " Boeing either Boeing unprofitable in that market or they simply ca Vinay Bhaskara, a senior business analyst at Airways sell outside of the US . " ’ ’For every Boeing plane Boeing Airbus has an equivalent competitor . If you ’re thinking about buying a Boeing 737 Boeing you ’re also looking at the Airbus A320 , Airbus instance . They ’re generally the Airbus A320 similarly too.’ ’"If Trump’ ’s policies damage Boeing , Boeing would be Airbus big beneficiary , " Richard Aboulafia , vice president of analysis at    firm Teal Group , told Business Insider.’ ’Boeing believes China could buy as much as $ 1 trillion worth of commercial airplanes over the next 20 years . There ’s a lot of demand there for widebody jets like the 787 Dreamliner.’ ’’ ’But Trump ’s policies and rhetoric toward China could put China at risk.’ " Trump has accused Trump to the detriment of US business . He ’s   Trump ’s maintained the fragile peace between China and Taiwan China He ’s   Trump for its China islands China the South China Sea . None of this pleases the people who hold the    market ’s purse strings   —    the Chinese government and its massive    China . " ’"China is easily the biggest area of concern for Boeing , " Aboulafia said . " China is very big , and they account for China % to 25 % of Boeing ’s output Boeing now . " ’ ’Two other countries planning to buy a lot of Boeing airplanes are Boeing and Iraq . The Iraqi government has 18 Boeing    on Boeing as well as 10    Dreamliners . In total , it ’s worth The Iraqi government $ 3 . 7 billion.’ ’’ ’Boeing is also trying to complete a deal with Iranian leaders for an    order . That could be worth $ 16 billion , though likely less at negotiated prices.’ ’But now Trump is president.’ ’His executive order , which temporarily   includes Iran and Iraq , which responded with similar measures.’ ’The Trump administration put Iran " " Iran the country tested a ballistic missile , and relations between the nations , tenuous but   since the nuclear deal , appear to be worsening.’ ’ ’t’t’tIran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile . Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U. S. made with them ! ’t’t’ ’As with with China , these deals are at risk if the Persian Gulf governments feel aggrieved by the new administration ’s policies.’ ’Trump rode into office on a populist platform promising to reinvigorate American manufacturing . As a candidate and as president , he ’s used ’t’t’ ’As own bully ’t’t’ ’As , and Twitter account , to shame companies like   that plan to move jobs to other countries.’ ’But for Boeing , with that international supply chain , switching many of its internationally sourced Boeing for aircraft such as the 787 to a new US supplier is " basically impossible , " said Aboulafia.’ " That ’s because , unlike traditional supplier networks , many of Boeing ’s suppliers Boeing partners that have invested their own money in suppliers development of the 787 ’s parts with the idea that they would make money suppliers their investment throughout the suppliers of the program . " ’"I think he thinks this is ’"I of like importing cement for casinos , where you can just switch your source for the cement , " Aboulafia said . " Trump may have the idea that they can shift sources Trump but the airplane industry does n’t work that way . " ’ ’"Contracts tend to run the life of the program rather than the program like buying from X one year and Y the next year , " he added.’ ’Take the Dreamliner ’s    wings as an example.’ ’If Boeing were willing and able to disentangle itself from that complex international Boeing relationship , Aboulafia said it would require reimbursing the Aboulafia and other companies that invested in the development and production of wings . Instead of being paid over the lifetime of the 787 program   —    about 30 years   —    Boeing would have to Boeing Boeing the supplier to the tune of billions of dollars . Then Boeing would have to find an Boeing company willing to invest in creating alternatives as there are no US companies producing equivalent parts.’ ’’ ’A few weeks after Election Day , Trump sent a tweet that had a single target : Boeing.’ ’"Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents , but costs are out of control , more than $ 4 billion . Cancel order ! " Trump wrote.’ ’ ’t’t’tBoeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents , but costs are out of control , more than $ 4 billion . Cancel order ! ’t’t’ ’Boeing , blindsided by the tweet , was forced to quickly issue a statement noting that it ’s only " under contract " for $ 170 million to determine the capabilities of the new plane.’ ’But that companies can unexpectedly come in the president ’s crosshairs , often with no warning , is the new reality for those doing business in the US.’ ’And these tweets and statements can influence a company ’s perception among the public   —    and apply pressure to change how they run their businesses.’ ’’ ’That ’s not they say that the the new administration all bad news for Boeing and other multinationals.’ ’"Most of the good Boeing can do for Boeing comes from what’ Trump generically good for Boeing America , " Bhaskara said.’ ’The Trump administration plans cuts to corporate tax rates , and there ’s talk of making it easier to repatriate the money that companies like Boeing earn abroad.’ ’And the president could come to Boeing ’s aid in the president’s with Airbus , Boeing has long enjoyed Boeing from European governments . Boeing contends that ’s an unfair advantage , and Boeing matter is being litigated at the World Trade Organization.’ ’"If there are specific things Trump can achieve in terms of reducing European subsidies Trump Airbus , then I would think Airbus helps Boeing compete a little bit , " Simon Lester Boeing a Cato Institute    analyst , told Business Insider.’ " It is customary for presidents to help push for sales of major US industrial products while on foreign visits . In fact , President Barack Obama once remarked that he deserved to a the president’s the company because he ’s the president’s selling Boeing products . If he so chooses , the president’s Boeing the consummate salesman , Trump be the president’s ’s best marketing tool . " ’For a Boeing Boeing , President Donald . .. ’ 
 Boeing 