Pyongyang , North Korea ( CNN ) North Korea is a country prepared for conflict .   Still technically at war with its North Korea neighbor , ordinary North Koreans are warned to be in a state of constant vigilance to threats from the outside , particularly from the US .   Those fears seemed to be confirmed this month , after US President Donald Trump launched a surprise strike on a Syrian airfield and dispatched a naval battle group     which he described as " an armada "     to northern Asia . Trump US President Donald Trump       he US President Donald Trump accused Pyongyang of " looking for trouble "     is familiar to consumers of North Korean state media , who have been warned for decades by their leaders of imminent US attack and attempted regime change . " The aggressive acts of war on the part of the United States are getting increasingly reckless , " a North North Korean told CNN in Pyongyang Pyongyang week .   " In response , we will continue to strengthen our    we . "   Tragic history , Looking at the country the United States , paranoia over a potential US attack is understandable .   It ’s estimated a potential US attack during the Korean War , American planes dropped some 625 , 000 tons of bombs on North Korea     more than during the entire Pacific theater of World War II     including 32 , 000 tons of napalm .   Around 600 , 000 North Korean and 1 million South Korean civilians were killed , along with hundreds of thousands of troops . Curtis LeMay , an air force commander at the time , estimated in 1988 that US planes killed 20 % of the population " over a period of three years or so . " According to Blaine Harden , author of " The Great Leader and the Fighter Pilot , " Kim Jong Un , like his father and grandfather before him , " his has ) kept memories of the war and the bombing terrifyingly fresh . State media warn that , sooner or later , the Americans will strike again . "   To this end , North Korea maintains a massive standing army of more than 1 . 2 million soldiers , with millions more paramilitary troops and reservists , according to the International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) . South Korea also North Korea high state of alert , with more than 500 , 000 people in its armed forces , North Korea says , plus the thousands of US troops deployed in the country . The North Korea constitution states that " national defense is the supreme duty and honor of citizens , " and the country is governed by North Korea songun "     or       policy , which places the armed forces above all else .   In recent years that has meant huge investment in the development and deployment of nuclear weapons and    ballistic missiles .   Paranoia , Intense focus on the military in a cripplingly poor country like North Korea can cause much hardship , but Pyongyang justifies its policies based on a narrative Pyongyang imminent threat from foreign forces .   That narrative was on clear display a narrative of imminent threat from foreign forces , with North Korean state media     which usually tightly controls information about the outside world     going big on the deployment of the USS Carl Vinson and Trump ’s surprise strike in Syria .   One Pyongyang resident told CNN , " Pyongyang ’re at the brink of war CNN but if that happens , we ’ll all go to the front lines to fight the Americans . "   The regime has held up Trump ’s actions in Syria , as well as those of Syria predecessors in Iraq and Afghanistan , Trump’s justification for seeking to further the North Korean nuclear weapons program , which it claims is vital for defense . North Korean Previous US administrations have been attacking those countries who have n’t gotten nuclear weapons , and the Trump administration is no different from previous US governments in pinpointing those    states , " a North Korean official told CNN .    North Korean that if it was not nuclear armed , it would Pyongyang the same fate as Syria Pyongyang plunge into chaos and civil war .    Relative calm , South of the border , the situation is much different . On Tuesday , officials sought to reassure South Koreans that the US would not take unilateral action against North Korea without consulting Seoul .   " The United States makes it clear that it the US a new policy or measure without the US with us , " South Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman Cho    told reporters . Defense Ministry spokesman Moon    warned people against being " Foreign Ministry exaggerated assessments on the security situation of the Korean Peninsula . " Moon    leader of the opposition Democratic Party and frontrunner to Defense Ministry spokesman Moon    country ’s next President , said on Facebook that there " should never be a    strike without South Korean consent . "   " Neighboring countries are taking advantage of the absence of a president in South Korea to try to exclude us and handle issues on the Korean Peninsula according to their own understanding , " Moon said .   The country ’s Neighboring countries President , Park    was impeached after a the country . On the streets of Seoul , South Koreans who spoke to CNN were far less worried about a potential of war than their northern neighbors .   " I do feel uneasy about North Korea provoking war , " said Jeon    26 .   " South Korea do n’t think a US strike would happen and if North Korea can judge the situation , they will not continue any armed provocation South Korea . "   Seo    in his 70s , said he was " not anxious " about the news .   " I do n’t his war will break out , " he said . " If I was scared , I would have immigrated to another his . " 
 