Washington ( CNN ) When Bernie Sanders stood before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , Bernie Sanders promised " to do everything I can " to elect Hillary Clinton president . But for much of the summer , Bernie Sanders was consumed with authoring a book Bernie Sanders plans to release in November , while raising money for progressive candidates down the ticket . Bernie Sanders has done just a handful of campaign events for Clinton , and has n’t yet activated Bernie Sanders grassroots army that powered Bernie Sanders to win more than 12 million votes during the Democratic primary . That ’s about to change . In recent days , Bernie Sanders has privately informed Bernie Sanders old rival that Bernie Sanders plans a surge of campaign events in key battleground states , including ones the Vermont independent won during the Democratic primary campaign and others with pockets of younger voters turned off by Clinton , according to two sources familiar with the conversations between the two camps .   That means more stops in states like Michigan and New Hampshire , and possible trips to Nevada , Pennsylvania , Colorado and Wisconsin . The Clinton camp even plans to deploy Sanders to Minnesota , a state likely to go Democratic in the fall but one the Clinton camp is quietly trying to shore up as Donald Trump gains ground across the country , sources said . On Wednesday , Sanders will appear with Clinton in Durham , New Hampshire , an effort aimed directly at millennials by promoting college affordability . And it comes at a crucial time : Clinton is seeing Clinton support stall among millennial voters , who are turning to Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson instead . In a Tuesday interview with CNN , Sanders promised that Sanders would make the case directly to millennials about Clinton proposal to ease tuition payments to families earning less than $ 125 , 000 annually , calling it the case " big deal . "   And he Sanders that he Sanders draw a direct contrast between Trump and Clinton Clinton the issue of humans causing global warming , which the GOP nominee has questioned in the past . " To the degree that we get those points out , I think she will do a whole lot better among younger people , " Sanders said . Asked if he Sanders do more for Clinton Clinton keeping a relatively low profile after the convention , Sanders Sanders : " We will be working very aggressively . " But he Sanders not answer directly when asked if he Sanders activate his Sanders donor network to pour money into Clinton Clinton coffers . " I ’m going to be campaigning as hard as I can , " Sanders Sanders . A source close to Sanders Sanders it A source close to Sanders unlikely he Sanders use his Sanders email list to help Clinton Clinton money , instead reserving that for    candidates . Instead , the A source close to Sanders , Sanders Sanders become a visible presence along the campaign trail in an attempt to turn his Sanders supporters to the Clinton Clinton     namely younger voters . Indeed , millennial voters are becoming a significant problem for Clinton Clinton dogged by her Clinton controversy , questions about her Clinton and being a    fixture of the Democratic establishment . In a Bloomberg poll released this week , Clinton Clinton Trump 50 % % among voters under 35 in a    race , down from her Clinton lead in August . But when the poll a Bloomberg poll released this week Green Party and Libertarian candidates on the ballot , Clinton Clinton shrinks to 40 % %     with Johnson getting 11 % of the millennial vote . To reverse the slide , the Clinton campaign Clinton to lean on Sanders and other progressive firebrands , like Sen. Elizabeth Warren , to fire up the base . But top Democrats say that surrogates can only do so much . " Bernie is going to be out there some more he ’s just finishing Bernie book , " Bernie Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Tuesday . " He has been out Bernie for Hillary . He ’ll be out Bernie more , but she is going to Hillary to make her own case as Hillary because you can only transfer so much . " After a tense primary where Sanders surprised Clinton and the political world by racking up big victories , the two sides developed trust during the July convention when the Vermont independent ’s team helped squash an uprising by Sanders’ backers eager to disrupt the proceedings . On Labor Day , he barnstormed New Hampshire the senator Clinton     with two Clinton the state     and later did a    swing through Ohio . A source close to Sanders said the senator plans to hit the road for House and Senate candidates starting next week , including in states like Washington not considered a presidential battleground . But with Sanders’ ability to connect with younger progressives at a time when Clinton is struggling with those voters , many are eager to see the    Democratic socialist follow through on his vow to do more Clinton help their presidential nominee . " those voters all know the last 30 days is really when you motivate people , and say , ’Hey . You ca n’t sit home , you ca n’t stay out.’ And I think ( Sanders ) knows that ’s the crucial point , " said Sen. Claire McCaskill ,    a top Clinton surrogate . Asked if Clinton were worried about millennial    flocking to Johnson , McCaskill added : " It does n’t seem thoughtful to me . It does feel like he It be a spoiler out.’ some regard . But I still feel pretty positive and optimistic about millennials coming around     especially with Bernie and Elizabeth Warren , and everybody ’s help . " 
 