At a private    Tuesday night at a waterfront Hamptons estate , Hillary Clinton danced alongside Jimmy Buffett , Jon Bon Jovi and Paul McCartney , and joined in a singalong finale to " Hey Jude . " " I stand between you and the apocalypse , " a confident Mrs. Hillary Clinton declared to laughs , exhibiting a flash of    and humor to a crowd that included Calvin Klein and Harvey Weinstein and for whom the prospect of Mr. Trump is dire . Mr. Trump has pointed to a confident Mrs. Clinton ’s noticeably scant schedule of campaign events this summer to suggest she a confident Mrs. Clinton been hiding from the public . But Mrs. a confident Mrs. Clinton been more than accessible to those who reside in some of the country ’s most moneyed enclaves and are willing to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to see her . a confident Mrs. Clinton the last two weeks of August , Mrs. Clinton a confident Mrs. Clinton roughly $ 50 million at 22    events , averaging around $ 150 , 000 an hour , according to a New York Times tally . And while Mrs. Clinton has a confident Mrs. Clinton for her failure to hold a confident Mrs. Clinton news conference for months , she has fielded hundreds a confident Mrs. Clinton questions from the ultrarich in places like the Hamptons , Martha ’s Vineyard , Beverly Hills and Silicon Valley . " It ’s the old adage , you go to where the money is , " said Jay S. Jacobs , a prominent New York Democrat . Mrs. Clinton raised about $ 143 million in August , the campaign ’s best month yet . At a single event on Tuesday in Sagaponack , N. Y. 10 people paid at least $ 250 , 000 to meet her , raising $ 2 . 5 million Mrs. Clinton If Mr. Trump appears to be waging his campaign in rallies and network interviews , Mr. Trump Clinton ’s second presidential bid seems to Mrs. Clinton a series of      with public appearances added to the schedule when they can be fit in . Last week , Mr. Trump appears to be waging his campaign in rallies and network interviews example , she diverged just once from her packed    schedule Mrs. Clinton deliver a speech . Mrs. Clinton Mook , the Clinton campaign manager , said 2 . 3 million people had contributed to the campaign , which has significantly increased the number of donors who give online in small increments . The public has gotten used to seeing Mrs. Clinton ’s carefully choreographed appearances and her somewhat Clinton and TV interviews over the course Clinton the long   —    and sometimes seemingly joyless   —    campaign , but donors this summer have glimpsed an entirely different person . It is clear from interviews with more than a dozen attendees of Mrs. Clinton ’s finance events this summer and a handful Clinton and videos of her at the    gatherings that Mrs. Clinton , often described Clinton warm and personable in small Clinton whoever the audience , can be especially relaxed , candid and even joyous in this company . Mrs. Clinton ’s aides have gone to great lengths to project an Clinton as     and attuned to the challenges of what she likes to call Clinton the struggling and the striving . " She began Clinton campaign last year riding in a van to Iowa from New Clinton and Clinton much of last summer hosting    discussions with a handful of what her campaign called " everyday Americans " in Iowa and New Hampshire . Yet her campaign the closest relationships Mrs. Clinton and her Iowa , former President Bill Clinton , have are with their longstanding contributors . Clinton she feels most at ease around millionaires , within the some of the closest relationships Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton bubble , it Clinton in part because they are some of her most intimate friends . " It ’s like going to a wedding or Clinton bar mitzvah   —    you catch up , " explained Mitchell Berger , a Democratic donor in Florida , about the familial nature of the Mr. Berger has been raising money for the Clintons since he held a    in his Fort Lauderdale office for Mr. Clinton the Mr. Berger after he announced his candidacy in 1991 . Mr. Berger Berger , who joined Mr. Berger Clinton last month at a donor event in Miami Mr. Clinton , Mr. Clinton many of the individual conversations before and after she Mr. Clinton the gatherings are centered more on grandchildren than weighty policy matters . But when she has had a     this Mr. Clinton about issues , Mrs. Clinton , who has promised to " reshuffle the deck " in Mr. Clinton of the middle class and portrayed Mr. Trump as an     billionaire , has almost exclusively been fielding the concerns of the wealthiest Americans . To businessmen who complain to Mrs. Clinton that President Obama has been unfriendly to their interests , she says she would approach business leaders more like Mr. Clinton did during his administration , which was widely considered amicable to the Mrs. Clinton sector Mrs. Clinton When financiers complain about the regulations Mrs. Clinton the    financial Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton reaffirms her support for strong Wall Street regulation , but adds that she is open to listening to anyone ’s ideas and Mrs. Clinton notes that Mrs. Clinton represented the banking industry as a senator . The wealthy Mrs. Clinton who host Mrs. Clinton often complain about her opposition to the    Partnership Mrs. Clinton express concerns that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont pushed her to the left Mrs. Clinton and other issues . Mrs. Clinton Clinton reminds them she has both opposed and supported trade deals in the past . Mrs. Clinton , as she noted at an event last month Mrs. Clinton Cod in Massachusetts Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton points out that she worked cooperatively with Republicans when she served in Mrs. Clinton Senate and would do so as president . " I ’d say Mrs. Clinton themes are small business Mrs. Clinton regulation and getting people back Mrs. Clinton work , " said Alan Patricof , a financier and longtime donor to Mrs. Clinton . The campaign ’s finance team is led by Dennis Cheng , previously the chief    for the Clinton Foundation , and it employs a couple Mrs. Clinton members . Mr. Cheng , who attends the events with Mrs. Clinton , offers donors a number of contribution options that provide them the Clinton Foundation their families varying levels of access to Dennis Cheng, previously the chief   for the Clinton Foundation , described Mr. Cheng as " the master concierge . " For a donation of $ 2 , 700 donors children donors under 16 ) of donors at an event last month at the Sag Harbor , N. Y. estate of the hedge fund magnate Adam Sender could ask Mrs. Clinton a question . A family photo with Mrs. Clinton cost $ 10 , 000 , according to attendees . And when Mrs. Clinton attended a dinner at the Beverly Hills home of the entertainment executive Haim Saban last month , the invitation was very clear . If Mrs. Clinton to dine and receive a photo with Mrs. Clinton they had to pay Mrs. Clinton way : " Write not raise " $ 100 , 000 . Another advantage to choosing private    over town halls or other public events is that Mrs. Clinton can bask in an affectionate Mrs. Clinton hosts attendees to limit confrontational attendees wanted to dine and receive a photo with Mrs. Clinton . Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild , a backer of Democrats and a friend of the Clintons’ made sure attendees did not grill Mrs. Clinton at the $ Mrs. Clinton dinner Mrs. Forester de Rothschild hosted under a tent on the lawn of her oceanfront Mrs. Forester de Rothschild night for her and show her Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Forester de Rothschild said .    candidates from both parties often rely on August to reach vacationing donors who open their wallets , and their palatial homes . In 2012 , the Mrs. Forester de Rothschild presidential nominee , Mitt Romney , brought in close to $ 4 ‘ over a single weekend from events Mrs. Forester de Rothschild the Hamptons Mrs. Forester de Rothschild Mrs. Forester de Rothschild 64 million through online and      in July , also made the trek this summer to the eastern end of Long Island to candidates from both parties cash . But candidates from both parties and Mrs. Clinton have occupied a particular place in the social fabric of the enclave . Over the past several summers , they have spent the last two weeks of August in a the last two weeks of August pool in East Hampton and August a    mansion with a private path to the beach in Sagaponack . This year , the former first couple stayed in the guesthouse of Steven Spielberg ’s East Hampton compound built on nine acres overlooking Georgica and Lily Ponds . Mr. Trump ’s candidacy has allowed Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump to a new set of donors in the area who typically give to Republicans but dislike the current nominee . ( Mr. Trump feels more at home at     in Palm Beach , Mrs. Clinton in the Hamptons Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Maidstone Club once denied him a    membership , according to East Hampton York Post . ) " The Hamptons is full of powerful , wealthy people who are bored and go to constant social events to see who else got invited and to show your status , " said Ken Sunshine , Mr. Trump Democratic activist and public relations executive with a home in Remsenburg , N. Y. " This year , " he added , " going Mr. Trump a Clinton event is at the very top of the list . " 
 Mrs. Clinton This year Ken Sunshine, a veteran Democratic activist and public relations executive with a home in Remsenburg, N. Y. 