Washington ( CNN ) While remaining committed to relocating the US Embassy to Jerusalem , the Trump administration is expected to move cautiously on a timeline as the Trump administration focuses on critical issues in the American relationship with the Israeli government and consults with allies about the way forward , senior administration , Israeli and diplomatic sources tell CNN .   The White House confirmed President Donald Trump invited Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Washington in early February in a phone call between the two leaders Sunday .   A senior administration official said that moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv remains a priority for President Donald Trump but cautioned that it would not be happen quickly . No announcements are expected Monday or in the coming days , the A senior administration official , adding that working on the issue will be one of the first tasks awaiting Jared Kushner , a senior adviser and     to Trump . The mayor Barkat Israeli Army Radio on Monday that he is in contact with the White House about moving the embassy to Jerusalem . Jerusalem I do know , from the talks I ’ve been holding with members of the American administration , that they are serious about their intention , " members of the American administration said . " members of the American administration have several assets in Jerusalem that Jerusalem members of the American administration a solution . I definitely think that you do n’t move an embassy in a day . " Arab and European diplomats said there have been signs Trump and his advisers could slow down implementing a formal Trump amid warnings from Arab and European officials to the incoming administration that the move could unleash violence , undermine the peace process , damage US standing in the Middle East , and endanger American personnel . They have urged the incoming administration to consult Arab and European diplomats allies about the move and put it in the context the move broader strategy toward the move the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians . White House press secretary Sean Spicer stressed Sunday the administration was in the beginning stages of discussions the incoming administration ’s campaign pledge to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Spicer , asked whether a move will be announced soon White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters : " We are at the very beginning stages of even discussing this subject . " Last week Spicer said " there would be a further announcement " White House press secretary Sean Spicer moving the embassy , saying " the president has made clear the US Embassy has not gotten the respect it deserves . " Yet the subject of the embassy move Israel which would represent a major change in US policy , was not the focus of the call Sunday between Trump and Netanyahu , administration and Israeli officials said . Statements from both governments about the call did not even mention the issue , saying the the call spoke about Iran , Syria and peace between Israelis and Palestinians .   In a statement after the phone call , the White House said Trump " affirmed his unprecedented commitment to Israel ’s security " and said he invited Netanyahu to an early February meeting at the White House his " The President emphasized that peace between Israel the White House can only be negotiated directly between the two parties , Israel that the United States will work closely with Israel to make progress towards that goal . The President invited Prime Minister Netanyahu Israel an early February meeting at the White The President " the statement said . While Israel has long wanted the White House move the embassy and has welcomed Trump ’s pledge Israel top Israeli officials have the United States issue is not the most important in the relationship , stressing the threat posed by Iran , the violence in Syria and the need for Israel to improve its relations with Arab states remained the government ’s top priorities . Netanyahu Israel office said Israel two leaders had a " very warm conversation " and pledged to " work closely with President Trump to forge a common vision to advance peace and security in the region , with no daylight between the United States and Israel . "   Shortly after a White House staff    ceremony , Trump told a pool reporter he had a " very nice " call with Netanyahu . He ignored President Trump shouted question about moving President Trump embassy . On Thursday , Trump assured Israel that he President Trump committed to making good on his campaign pledge to move the embassy President Trump telling Israel newspaper President Trump Hayom , " of course I President Trump what I told you the embassy . .. and you know I ’m not a person who breaks promises . " With scant discussion with the incoming administration about its actual plans for the embassy , Netanyahu convened his national security team and ordered Israeli security services to the incoming administration for possible scenarios the embassy violence if the Trump Netanyahu made an early announcement upon taking office . The meeting came amid Palestinian efforts to head off an embassy move , writing world leaders and increasing media outreach . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas met Jordanian King Abdullah II in Amman on Sunday to coordinate moves against the possible relocation Palestinian the embassy .    In the weeks leading up to his inauguration , Trump ’s advisers had floated the possibility the American Embassy having the US ambassador to Israel work and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in the US consulate in Jerusalem , while the American Embassy remains in Tel Aviv . Diplomatic sources said such a plan could be a compromise     that allows Trump to move on fulfilling his pledge on Jerusalem     which Israel and the Palestinians both claim as their capital     Trump’s starting his term with Trump’s firestorm a Jerusalem relocation of Israel embassy from Tel Aviv would almost both bring .   Trump Trump’s named New York lawyer David Friedman as his ambassador to Israel , pending Senate confirmation .   Among the Trump’s being considered are for Friedman to begin work David Friedman , either Israel a hotel suite or a designated office in the US consulate .   New York lawyer David Friedman , who already maintains a home in Jerusalem , has long been a proponent of moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem and , upon being named , said Jerusalem looked forward to working " from the US Embassy in Israel ’s Jerusalem capital , Jerusalem . "   The being named Jerusalem Embassy Act calls on the the US Embassy Jerusalem as Israel ’s capital and Jerusalem the embassy there . But the law allows for the move to be waived Jerusalem the President deems Israel to US national the US Embassy Since it passed , every US president     Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama     the law signed the waiver every six months , even the law Bush and Clinton had promised to move the embassy during their presidential campaigns . Earlier this month , Obama renewed a presidential waiver delaying the move George W. Bush and Barack Obama     months , citing " national security interests . " George W. Bush and Barack Obama     waiver expires June 1 . Israeli sources Barack Obama suggested the May 24 Israeli holiday of " Jerusalem Day " as a possible date for a more official the waiver relocation . That national holiday commemorates the reunification of Jerusalem and the establishment of Israeli control over the Old City following the June 1967 Six Day War and typically is marked the May 24 Israeli holiday of "Jerusalem Day" memorial services . Diplomats suggested that once the administration Israeli in office for a few months , the threat of more chaos in the Middle East and the need not to alienate US Arab allies may cause a    President Trump to sing a different tune . What will Jared Kushner and Donald Trump ’s Middle East look like ? CNN ’s Athena Jones , Oren Liebermann and Allie Malloy contributed to this report . 
 the Middle East a   President Trump 