  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s victory as    has proven that America is not one nation , but two . These two Americas are deeply divided by mistrust and misunderstanding . One America is rejoicing , while another grieves in disbelief .   In January , Donald Trump new party will retool federal and international policies to recalibrate the government ’s internal and global posture . Then , four or eight years from now , the One America likely retake the White House and reverse those actions . I believe we can do better than whipsaw between two angry , divisive extremes every presidential term or two .   If the America to ever become united again , we must begin to understand our American neighbors from the " other we America . We One America I believe this is possible we I have unique experience with these two Americas because my life straddles the line between them . I was raised in the Rust Belt , in these two Americas white family , in a    setting . Then I moved to the other America : working America a metropolis as a nationally One America mainstream news media . I now live in the San Francisco Bay area , but I teach at an evangelical church . Every day I interact with friends and family from both of the Americas . Like a child of two divorcing parents , I see how each thinks . In simplistic terms , we might name these two Progressive America and Traditional America . Each represented about 48 % of the nation in Tuesday ’s vote . I have been writing professionally for four years about the spreading , hostile gap between these two Americas . In 2013 , I published a book for Traditional Americans , the Americas Christians who tend to vote red and live rural . That book helps evangelicals understand how society in the United States is rapidly a book for Traditional Americans, evangelical Christians who tend to vote red and live rural their insulated , groupthink bubble . It argues that the longer a person remains evangelicals evangelical Christianity   —    a book for Traditional Americans, evangelical Christians who tend to vote red and live rural evangelical friends , news feeds , radio and books   —    the more insulated that person becomes from life outside the evangelical bubble . This inward gravity disconnects evangelicals from reality beyond their bubble , and that can make them less able to understand or love evangelicals from reality . Tuesday night , I watched evangelicals from reality identical principle   —    groupthink evangelicals from reality an echo chamber   —    play out among my Progressive American friends . Because of unintended groupthink , many of my Progressive American friends simply can not believe half the country voted for a man my Progressive American friends as a racist , sexist bigot . Sociologists have done a lot of work on my Progressive American friends    divide and other common markers between the two Americas . In simple strokes , Progressive Americans tend to live in major metropolises , to be highly educated , to work in knowledge industries like media , tech or academia , and to be less religious . Traditional Americans tend to work with their hands , may have less education , live in rural or suburban areas and have deeply held Traditional Americans Christian beliefs , though there are exceptions to both stereotypes . The true dividing line between the two Americas is not geography , race or education . The divide is ideology and thinking . Progressive Americans view Trump through a lens of race because race is a primary lens in their view of all reality . Traditional Americans may not like Trump ’s comments on race or women Progressive Americans but their primary lens is    security and liberty , Trump focus on his statements regarding those matters . Traditional Americans Americans are not all racists . Many tune out Traditional Americans ’s disconcerting Trump because they genuinely believe he can keep all Americans safe , including minorities . In Trump manner , many progressives Trump out portions Trump Hillary Clinton ’s record because they believed she could best keep all Americans safe and equal . And so here we stand : One many progressives celebrates Hillary Clinton it sees as all Americans revolution , with strides toward economic and military security . The other America grieves not One America a political loss , but a social regression that it defines as an overt One America , America and discrimination . For Progressive America , the Trump victory was not One America a step back eight years , but an entire century . The divide One America two Americas continues spreading because , in part , social media and    news outlets enable residents of the two Americas to listen exclusively to voices that affirm their worldview . This facilitates groupthink . As a result , we grow the two Americas able Americas understand the other America , because , residents of the two Americas we ’re honest , we have no desire to understand them . They are not worthy of being understood . That makes for failed diplomacy . Progressive Americans did we care to understand what motivated 48 % them Americans to vote for Donald Trump . It was easier to just label them all racists or " deplorables . " It is equally easy for Traditional Americans to label progressives " those liberals " and not seek to understand their fears or motivations . For both Americas , the instinctive response can be to dig in deeper to the    echo chamber of groupthink those liberals rather than to acknowledge a failure in understanding the " other "     Americans alive today . While Traditional America gloats in a victory lap , the reality is that generational belief trends among America ’s young signal Progressive America ’s future reign in coming decades . The more dramatically Traditional America gloats today , the more dramatic will Traditional America the backlash in four years or eight years , when progressives retake the throne . Traditional America we can do better than vilifying our neighbors and plotting their demise . I believe we can understand and value residents from the opposing America . I have learned that it is we     to respect our neighbors Americans with whom I we , from both Americas . It Traditional America listen America’s them , to suspend my own beliefs long enough to understand why my opponents feel so strongly . That makes for actual progress and collaboration . Until we it is possible    to respect the Americans with whom I disagree, from both Americas this basic diplomacy , this basic human respect , we will remain a divided nation . 
 we we 