Do they have TV sets at CNN ? An Internet connection ? I do n’t work at a television network , but I saw Trump " disavow " David Duke a    times before Jake Tapper asked David Duke to disavow Duke again last Sunday .   The question served absolutely no journalistic purpose . No new information was sought . No new information was just a smear , for the sole purpose of getting the words " KKK " into the same sentence as " Donald Trump . " Unsuspecting viewers who missed Donald Trump ’s earlier disavowals are supposed to think , Is Donald Trump connected with the Klan ? Why else would the Klan be asking Donald Trump about David Duke ? Given that Donald Trump did disavow David Duke the day before the Tapper interview , the only explanation for David Duke refusal to do it again is that David Duke was ticked off by the question and decided not to play ball . ( Tip for journalists : When WASPs do n’t want to answer impertinent questions from reporters , WASPs often say , " I do n’t know , " rather than the more urban " go f —   yourself . ") How many times must Trump waste precious airtime " disavowing " some random person he does n’t know , has never met and never mentioned ? David Duke IS a random person : The KKK has not been an organization of any significance since the   ’60s ( outside of Southern Poverty Law Center fundraisers ) and David Duke has n’t been a member of this meaningless group since 1980 . Also , David David Duke never been accused of rape . Hillary ’s most prominent supporter has . Will she be Hillary to disavow Bill Clinton ? If she does Hillary think her husband Hillary Juanita Broaddrick , how about the sexual assaults claimed by Paula Jones , Kathleen Willey , Christy Zercher , Eileen Wellstone , Carolyn Moffet , Elizabeth Ward Gracen and Sandra Allen James , as well as a    other women ? Does Hillary believe Hillary of her husband Hillary accusers ? How many sexual assault accusations must there be before she disavows Hillary ? her husband’s far as I know , David Duke has also never supported   . Boatloads of Hillary ’s Hillary   —    and she plays footsie Hillary them by endorsing Boatloads of Hillary’s supporters BlackLivesMatter . I will give Hillary the benefit Hillary the doubt , and say I do not believe that she personally supports Hillary . But why is she seeking the Hillary of murderous thugs ? What kind of campaign is she running that Hillary such people ? Will she disavow them Hillary Is such people willing to Hillary forthrightly that cops’ lives matter ? I am not aware of David Duke ever inciting a mob that went on to commit murder . Al Sharpton has   —    and no Democrat can run for president without kissing his ring . Al Sharpton than a decade after Duke quit the David Duke , Sharpton inflamed    Al Sharpton in Brooklyn ’s Crown Heights   —    mobs that were four or five times larger than the entire national KKK membership   —    fueling several more days of riots , during which a man , whom the crowd believed to be Jewish , was murdered . In December 1995 , Sharpton led    Al Sharpton against a    clothing store    Harlem , Freddy ’s Fashion Mart , which ended with a protestor bursting into the store and a   clothing store in Harlem blaze that killed seven employees . In 1989 , Sharpton libeled innocent Al Sharpton enforcement officers in the Tawana Brawley rape hoax   —    resulting in a libel judgment against him . Then Al Sharpton 1990 , a    mob screamed " Whore ! " at a rape victim and roughed up cameramen outside the trial of the Central Park rapists ( who were guilty ) . Sharpton is n’t Al Sharpton random nut Hillary and Bernie have vaguely heard of . Two weeks ago , Bernie Sanders publicly met Bernie to ask Al Sharpton his blessing . Al Sharpton will be making Hillary same pilgrimage soon . My advice is , bring your checkbook . David Duke does n’t speak at Republican national conventions Sharpton was given Al Sharpton prominent speaking slot at the Democratic National Convention less than a decade after his demagoguery outside Al Sharpton ’s ended in the deaths of seven innocent people ( this was also a quarter century after Duke left the Klan ) David Duke Duke is n’t invited to David Duke White House to advise Republican presidents . Sharpton has officially Al Sharpton Obama ’s White House at least 72 the White House Duke has never been given David Duke TV show where he gets to ask questions David Duke elected officials . Guess who was ? In fact , now that I think about it , Duke has no connection to David Duke GOP official whatsoever ! When David Duke is invited to David Duke    address at the Republican National Convention , maybe the media can ask Republican candidates to " disavow " him . Until then , how David Duke asking the Democrats about their supporters ? Democratic presidential candidate Michael the Democrats was endorsed by Willie Horton , a vicious murderer , who , after being released by Dukakis , broke into a Maryland couple ’s home , tortured and raped them . Dukakis was n’t asked to Willie Horton, a vicious murderer, who, after being released by Dukakis, broke into a Maryland couple Willie Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis ’s endorsement . To the contrary ! President Bush was called on to repudiate a flier connecting Dukakis to Horton   —    whose Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis from " life in prison " was 100 percent the result of Dukakis’ idiotic furlough policy . Bush ’s campaign chairman James A. Baker President Bush and disavowed the flier , in keeping with the GOP a flier connecting Dukakis to Horton   " Groveling Always Works ! " Jimmy Carter was endorsed by Cuban dictator Fidel Castro and Obama was endorsed by Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez   —    as well as his own friend ,    William Ayers . Bernie Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez   has supporters who admired the world ’s greatest mass murder , Josef Stalin . But never , ever , ever will Democrats be asked to " disavow " the lunatics who support them . The ritualistic demand for " disavowals " Democrats a game played exclusively with Republicans . The media probably ca n’t believe their luck , tricking Republicans into apologizing for people The media have nothing to do with , while the The media happily accept the support of    rapists , murderers ,    race hustlers and domestic terrorists . This week , Trump trashed the GOP ’s    groveling approach , then went on to sweep Super Tuesday . Perhaps someday , the boneless wonders in the GOP will learn . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER GOP UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 