Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump announced President Donald Trump intent to nominate acting Solicitor General Noel Francisco to permanently fill that position Tuesday night . Francisco , who most recently hails from the law firm Jones Day , has been working on the    of the President ’s travel ban executive order . At Jones Day he worked with Donald McGahn , the current White House counsel , and is one of several Jones Jones Day currently serving in the Trump administration . " Noel is an incredibly gifted appellate advocate , I ’ve worked with him a Noel , " said Mike Carvin , who has worked with Francisco for many years at Jones Day Jones Day He is as Noel to work with as he is persuasive Noel the courts . He can advance Noel issues without annoying the other side and even people who disagree with him in principal Noel like him as a Noel . " The job of solicitor general is one of the most coveted legal jobs in Washington . The so called " S. G. " stands in the ornate chamber and argues before the Supreme Court , but he or she The so called "S. G. plays a vital behind the scenes role of determining whether the United States will appeal in thousands of cases each year . The White House made the announcement alongside several other administration posts , including general counsel posts at the CIA and Department of Defense . Those named were Courtney Simmons Elwood for a top legal job at the CIA , CIA for the number two position at the Department of Transportation , John Sullivan for general counsel at defense , Ajit Pai to the FCC and Tony Sayegh , Jr. for assistant secretary for public affairs at the Treasury Department . the Department of Transportation Sullivan Jeffrey Rosen for the number two position at the Department of Transportation, John Sullivan for general counsel at defense, Ajit Pai posts in former President John Sullivan W. Bush ’s administration , and the White House said Sayegh is a Fox News contributor who has worked in professional politics .   Elwood worked in government for the bulk of the Bush administration , including as deputy counsel under former President George W. Bush’s administration Dick Cheney ,   and clerked for former Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist , according to the biography page on the law firm she works at . Francisco , a former clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia , has argued several times before the high court as a private attorney . In 2016 he secured a victory for former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell in a case concerning the scope of a federal bribery statute . He was initially tapped to serve as Principal Deputy Solicitor General he the United States . In January , sources said that Charles J. Cooper of Cooper Kirk and George Conway , a partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen   Katz who is also the husband of Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway were the two front runners for the top spot . Cooper     a close friend of Attorney General Jeff Sessions     Charles J. Cooper his name from consideration .   Other potential choices for the solicitor Charles J. Cooper nomination were lawyers Christopher Landau of Kirkland   Ellis and Kannon Shanmugam of Williams   Connolly . Francisco was raised in Oswego , New York and he graduated from the University of Chicago and the University of Chicago Francisco School . He is a former clerk to Judge J. Michael Luttig .    Francisco job of Solicitor General requires Senate confirmation . Like Francisco , Pai has been serving as acting chairman of the FCC Francisco January , and the announcement Tuesday night showed Trump ’s formal intention to make the move permanent . He originally became a member of the FCC under former President Barack Trump for one of the Republican the FCC FCC leadership . As a member during the Obama administration , he voted the FCC the agency ’s net neutrality rules and former President Barack Obama broken with Trump previous Democratic chairman of the FCC . In a statement , Pai said he was " deeply the FCC to get a chance at a Trump term Trump 
 