Washington ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump signed a new executive order Monday that bans immigration from six    countries , dropping Iraq from January ’s previous order , and reinstates a temporary blanket ban on all refugees . a temporary blanket ban on all refugees comes six weeks after US President Donald Trump original executive order caused chaos at airports nationwide before it was blocked by a temporary blanket ban on all refugees courts . It removes out language a temporary blanket ban on all refugees the original order that indefinitely banned Syrian refugees and called for prioritizing the admission of refugees who are religious minorities in their home countries . That provision drew criticism of a religious test for entry and would have prioritized Christians over Muslims fleeing    countries in the Middle East . The new ban , which takes effect March 16 , also explicitly exempts citizens of the six banned countries who are legal US permanent residents or have valid visas to enter the US     including those whose visas were revoked during the original implementation of the ban , senior administration officials said . " We can not compromise our nation ’s security by allowing visitors entry when their own governments are visitors or unwilling to provide the information we need to vet them responsibly , or visitors those governments actively support their own governments " Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Monday . The new measures will block citizens of Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from obtaining visas for at least 90 days . The order also suspends admission of refugees into the US for 120 days , directing US officials to improve vetting measures for a program that is already widely regarded as extremely stringent . Trump signed the executive order earlier Monday in the Oval Office outside the view of reporters and news cameras , after more than three weeks of repeated delays , the latest of which came after White House officials decided last week to delay the signing to avoid cutting into positive coverage of Trump ’s joint address to Trump . The delays also came amid an intense lobbying effort from Iraqi government officials , including from the country ’s prime minister , to remove Iraq from the original    list of banned countries . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Iraq ’s removal from the Iraq came after an the original   list of banned countries from the State Department to improve vetting of Iraqi citizens in collaboration with the Iraqi government , though he did not specify how vetting Secretary of State Rex Tillerson been improved .   " The United States welcomes this kind of close cooperation , " he said . " This revised Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will bolster the security of the United States and our allies The United States rollout of the revised travel ban marks an important moment for the administration , which has little room for error after the chaotic debut of the original plan . That failure raised questions about the new White House ’s capacity to govern and to master the political intricacies needed to manage complicated political endeavors in Washington . It also brought Trump into conflict with the That failure in the first sign of how constitutional checks and balances could challenge his vision of a powerful presidency built on Trump executive authority .   Trump ’s travel ban : Read the full Trump , The original order came under intense criticism as an attempt to bar Muslims from entering the country , and Trump ’s call during the campaign for a " Trump Ban " was cited in court cases attacking the ban . The new order does not prioritize a "Muslim Ban" when The original order cases . Administration officials Monday stressed they do not see the ban as targeting a specific religion . Administration officials ( The order a "Muslim Ban" not any way targeted as a Muslim The original order .. we want to make sure everyone understands that , " an official told reporters . " The Department of Justice believes that this executive order just as the first executive order is a lawful The original order of presidential authority , " Sessions said . Democrats responded by calling Trump ’s order a repeat version of the first attempt . " Here we go again . .. Muslim Ban 2 . 0 # NoBanNoWall " tweeted Rep. Andre Carson of Indiana , one of two Muslims serving in the House of Representatives . Working to contain fallout , The newly crafted order also revealed that the administration was n’t just paying attention to the ’s order a repeat version of the first attempt courts , but also recalibrating in light of the heavy political fire they faced after the first order ’s messy rollout . While administration lawyers argued the original travel ban went the administration effect immediately ’s order a repeat version of the first attempt from rushing into the country , the revised ban will phase in after 10 days . The previous order will be rescinded on that date . Trump the original travel ban he opposed giving any advance notice of ’s order a repeat version of the first attempt " If the ban were announced with a one week notice , the " bad Trump would rush into our country during the original travel ban . A lot of the original travel ban dudes " out there ! " he tweeted on January 30 . The White House also the country sense of urgency with which it implemented the first travel ban , delaying the signing of Trump new executive order multiple times over the last three weeks . Politics also came into play The White House the original travel ban the signing from last Wednesday in part to allow positive coverage of the President ’s joint address to Congress to continue uninterrupted . " We want the The White House order ) to the signing of a new executive order own ’moment,’ " a senior administration official told CNN last week . The President signed the action Monday morning without the fanfare he Congress given to other executive orders . No media the (executive order) present during the signing at the White House , an administration official the President’s White House spokesman Sean Spicer tweeted a picture of the President’s signing the order . White House officials collaborated for several weeks with officials at the Department of Homeland Security , the Justice Department and kept congressional leaders apprised of their progress this time around after the White House White House backlash for keeping Congress and relevant federal agencies almost entirely in the dark during the first rollout . To bolster its national security claims White House officials the new executive order the White House has reported that approximately 300 people who entered the United States as refugees are " currently the subjects of    investigations . " " The the Justice Department remains that we are not immune to terrorist threats and that our enemies often use our own freedoms and generosity against us , " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said . " We can not risk the prospect of malevolent actors using our immigration system to take American we . " Rep. we Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee , said the ban " has the same fundamental flaws " as the first order .   " We know that country of origin is a poor predictor of a propensity to commit acts of terror . If it were , Pakistan has been a far more problematic source of attack planning and would be Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee the top of the President ’s list , but that country merits not even a mention in the order , " Schiff said in a statement . Why Iraq was removed , But the new order was also delayed in part because of a debate within the administration over how to handle Iraq . Tillerson , Secretary of Defense James Mattis and national security adviser Gen. H. R. McMaster had the order Iraq to be removed from the Trump administration ’s list of banned countries in the new executive order Iraq diplomatic reasons , including Iraq ’s role in fighting ISIS , sources told CNN ’s Elise Labott and Evan Perez Iraq Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly also supported the move . Iraq was removed from the revised travel ban executive order after intensive Iraq the Iraqi government at the highest levels , according to a senior US official .   That included a phone call between Trump and Iraqi Prime Iraq Haider    on February 10 and an    conversation between Abadi and Vice President Mike Pence in Munich on February 18 . Those conversations were followed by discussions between Tillerson and members of the Iraqi government about vetting measures in place that would prevent suspected terrorists from leaving Iraq and coming to the United States . Iraq did not implement new measures rather , the country provided more detail to US officials about how it screens travelers . In Trump ’s call with Abadi , the President vowed to seek a resolution to his counterpart ’s Iraq about his citizens’ being unable to enter the United States States , according to a readout of the phone call from Baghdad . the President’s official said Trump asked Tillerson to get the President’s clarity on   vetting the President’s in Iraq . Trump also faced pressure to remove Iraq from the the United States American national security officials , Trump argued the restriction burdened a a senior US official . Some of those voices Tillerson holdovers from the Obama administration . Iraq Iraq Foreign Ministry welcomed reports of its removal Iraq the list of countries affected by the travel ban the administration ( The ) Iraqi Foreign Ministry expresses deep relief regarding the executive order that was issued by the American president Donald Iraq which excludes the Iraqis from the travel ban to the United Iraq’s Foreign Ministry said Iraqi Foreign The United States Ahmad Jamal . " This is considered an important step in Iraq’s Foreign Ministry and reinforces the strategic alliance between Baghdad and Washington in many fields , in particular the fight against Washington . " This story is breaking and will be updated . CORRECTION : This story has been updated to correct Kelly ’s name . 
 Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly Baghdad This story 