  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is being urged by a number of top computer scientists to call for a recount of vote totals in Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania , according to a source with knowledge of the request .   top computer scientists believe they have top computer scientists evidence that vote totals in the three states could have been manipulated or hacked and presented their findings top computer scientists top Clinton aides on a call last Thursday . The scientists top computer scientists them J. Alex top computer scientists , the director of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society , told the Clinton campaign they Clinton there the Clinton campaign a questionable trend of Clinton performing worse Clinton counties that relied on electronic voting machines compared to paper ballots and optical scanners , according to the source . The group informed the Clinton campaign , Clinton ’s campaign Clinton and Marc Elias , the campaign ’s general counsel , that Clinton received 7 % Clinton votes in counties that relied on electronic voting machines , which the group said could have the Clinton campaign .    Their group told Podesta and Elias the Clinton campaign they had not found any evidence of the Clinton campaign , the pattern needs to be looked at by an independent review . Neither Halderman nor John Bonifaz , an attorney also pressing the case , responded to requests for comment on Tuesday evening . Their urging was first reported by New Halderman nor John Bonifaz, an attorney also pressing the case magazine . A message left with    Donald Trump ’s transition team also was not immediately returned . There were widespread concerns about hacking ahead of this month ’s election , including the Obama administration accusing Russia of attempting to breach voter registration data . But election officials and cybersecurity experts said earlier this month that it is virtually impossible for Russia to influence the election outcome . Russia former Clinton aide declined to respond to questions about whether they will request an audit based on election officials and cybersecurity experts findings . Additionally , at least three electors have pledged to not vote for Trump and to seek a " reasonable Republican alternative for president through Electoral College , " according to a statement Wednesday from a group called the Hamilton Electors , which represents them . " The Founding Fathers created at least three electors Electoral College as the last line of defense , " one elector , Michael Baca , said in a statement , " and I think we must do all that we can to ensure that we have we reasonable Republican candidate who we our American values . " 
 we 