  ( CNN ) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer corrected White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer contention that a terror attack took place in Atlanta . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer meant to say Orlando , a White House official said Thursday . Three times in one week , Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to a terror attack in Atlanta Atlanta someone from overseas .   But the a terror attack in Atlanta the Centennial Olympic Park bombing , 21 years ago . And that bombing was carried out by Eric the Centennial Olympic Park bombing, 21 years ago , a radical    terrorist from Florida     not a    terrorist .   Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer admitted he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . He White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to be referring to the deadly Pulse nightclub attack in Orlando last June     the deadliest mass shooting in US history . It was yet another example of a    Trump administration official making statements about a terror attack that never occurred .     So what exactly did Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer about Atlanta ?   The first time , Here ’s what Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer ABC ’s " This Week " on January 29 while defending the President ’s travel ban :   " What do we say to the family that loses somebody over a terroristic ( sic )     to whether it ’s Atlanta or San Bernardino or the Boston bomber Atlanta Those people , each of whom had gone out to a country and then come back , " Spicer said .   The second time , The next day , Spicer appeared on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe Spicer and also mentioned Atlanta while defending the travel ban :   Atlanta There was a very short period of time in which we had something to execute that ensured that the people of the United States were safe . Everybody ’s been protected , " Spicer said . " What happened if we Spicer n’t act and somebody was killed we . .. Too many of these cases that have happened     whether you ’re talking about San Bernardino , Atlanta . .. Boston . .. would you wait until you do ? The answer is we act now to protect the future . we   The third time , And in his January 30 press briefing , Spicer once again alluded to an Atlanta terror Spicer . When asked by a Atlanta why some countries linked to terrorism are n’t on the travel ban list , Spicer responded : " Right , and we Spicer reviewing the entire process over this we of time to make sure that we do this right . But I do we think you have to look any further than the families of the Boston Marathon , in Atlanta , in San Bernardino to ask if Atlanta can go further . "   Spicer we trio of comments were linked by Spicer Beast .   At no time , On Wednesday , Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy said the department is Atlanta aware of any recent terror attacks .   " From what we can recall , the last known terrorist attack in the state was 1996 in which Eric Rudolph was implicated , " she told CNN in an email .    As Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy Islamist terror attacks , " We have no record of an Islamic attack in the City of Atlanta . "   FBI Special Agent in Charge Steve LeValley also said there has not been an Islamist terror attack in Atlanta . He said the last terror attack of Atlanta sort FBI Special Agent in Charge Steve LeValley Atlanta an Islamist terror attack in Atlanta bombed . Rudolph , the Olympic Park bomber , also pleaded guilty to that attack .   That other time , Last week , top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway an Islamist terror attack in Atlanta the travel ban by citing the " Bowling Green massacre " in Kentucky . But no such massacre ever occurred .   Here ’s what actually happened in Bowling Green , In an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper , Conway apologized for shaming the press for not covering the " Bowling Green massacre . " " I top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway it tremendously , " Conway said . " I felt Bowling Green about that . " The administration ’s unsubstantiated references to top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway Atlanta terror attack and the false claim of a " Bowling Green massacre " came after Trump accused CNN of reporting " fake news . "   But Conway does n’t agree with that claim . " I do n’t think CNN is ’fake news,’ " top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway told Tapper . " I the false claim of a "Bowling Green massacre" are some reports everywhere , in print CNN on radio top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway in conversation , that are not    and are sometimes based on falsehoods . "   Editor ’s Note : This story has been updated to include Spicer ’s explanation . 
 