Traveling between campaign events Thursday , the oldest son of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump made an unexpected stop in Mesa , Arizona to help a stalled motorist . [ " THIS JUST happened in Mesa and THIS is why I ’m voting for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , " Maricopa County Republican Party Chairman Tyler Bowyer posted on Facebook along with a video . " Facebook were on Facebook way from a rally to another event and Donald Trump Jr. hopped out first to help push this ladies car off the road , get some water and call for help . On the way back from the rally and filmed the whole thing ! Needless to say , she was pretty surprised to find out it was Donald Trump Jr pushing she car . I will never forget this and this ’s why I ’m proud to be supporting this family ! # MAGA "   In the video , Trump Jr. and two other good Samaritans are seen pushing a Chevy Impala out of the road . This is why I ’m voting Trump ! @DonaldJTrumpJr helping push a ladies car off the road in 101 degree heat in Arizona after a rally today #MAGA"   pic . twitter .    —    Tyler Bowyer ( @conservatyler ) October 27 , 2016 ,   " I ’ve been around a lot of politicians . Most would just freak out or go around . " Bowyer told Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) Arizona Republic . " But Don Jr.    …      before you can blink , he ’s Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) there pushing the car . " " [ The woman ] was just stunned . She was The woman aback , " Bowyer continued Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) " She was The woman , ‘ Man , I have to be able to tell people about this.’ So we made him get Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) and take a picture . And that was it . " Bowyer added Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) the group left the woman The woman bottle of water they had so the group would n’t The woman dehydrated in the afternoon heat , which reached 100 degrees in Phoenix Thursday , while waiting for help to arrive . Bowyer said Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) woman did The woman who she planned to vote The woman on November 8 . 
 