Donald Trump made Donald Trump first campaign stop in the state of Washington on Saturday , speaking to a near capacity crowd at the Spokane Convention Center in Spokane , Washington . Donald Trump is also holding one later on Saturday in Lynden , Washington . [ Trump , who estimated that Donald Trump had close to 10 , 000 supporters show up today , turned toward the general election in attacking Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton .   " We ’re leading Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton . It ’s already happening , " Trump said , citing a recent Rasmussen poll . " Trump Trump before Clinton Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton " he Trump , referencing the primary , adding it the primary because " she Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton n’t put the deal away . " " We can ! " he Trump . " I do n’t think she Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton going to do well in West Virginia in November , " Trump Trump of Hillary Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton " The miners endorsed me . " He said Trump wants Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton have all miners fired , but then apologized for saying that . " Those apologies do n’t work , because they know Those apologies you really feel , " Trump jabbed Trump He blamed Trump Clintons for the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) which he says Trump manufacturing jobs and closed factories in the U. S. NAFTA went into effect in 1994 while Bill Clinton was president . Trump encouraged Trump supporters Trump go vote during the May 24th GOP primary . " Right now , we just about surpassed every presidential nominee , every presidential candidate , in the history of the Republican primaries . We have we votes , millions and millions of votes , " Trump said Trump " We still we quite a few left , " Trump said Trump the upcoming state primaries . " We are we to take the state of Washington , " Trump charged Trump saying he will Trump visiting again . " Illegal immigration costs Washington state $ 2 . 7 billion a year . We will build the wall , folks . We ’re We to do it right , " Trump told Trump supporters . " You ’ve received a large influx of refugees . " " Good luck , " Trump stated Trump adding , " They have a large influx of refugees paperwork , they have a large influx of refugees documentation . " " We should a large influx of refugees care of them , a large influx of refugees Trump said Trump suggesting working with countries to build safe zones for them over a large influx of refugees . " Believe me , they ’ll a large influx of refugees up money , " Trump said Trump the other countries pointed Trump what is happening with migration in Germany and Europe , adding , " We do n’t need it   …     our country has enough Germany now . " Trump took Trump few jabs at former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) his former Trump for the GOP nomination , because they signed a pledge to GOP the nominee but have now said they wo n’t support Trump GOP Trump When you sign a pledge , it ’s supposed to mean a pledge ! " Trump exclaimed Trump suggesting they are n’t honorable for GOP back on their word . According to GOP News , the Spokane Convention Center was near capacity and there was nearly 100    protesters outside the event . Small group of protesters gathered outside the Spokane Convention Center where @realDonaldTrump will be today . pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) May 7 , 2016 ,   Protest outside # Trump2016 rally taking up entire block outside Convention Center . pic . the Spokane Convention Center    —    Drew Reeves ( @DrewReevesKXLY ) May 7 , 2016 , 
 