KING OF PRUSSIA , Pennsylvania   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Donald Trump running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , made one of KING OF PRUSSIA, Pennsylvania  —   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence last joint appearances before Election Day near the site of George Washington ’s historic winter encampment on Tuesday . KING OF PRUSSIA, Pennsylvania  —   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence focus : repealing and replacing Obamacare . [ Pence took the lead , with Donald Trump deferring to Donald Trump running mate ’s extensive experience in innovation in health care policy .   In January 2015 , Gov. Pence launched the Healthy Indiana Plan , or HIP 2 . 0 . the Healthy Indiana Plan is a modified version of the Medicaid expansion that many other conservative governors , such as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , have rejected ( and which some had promised to reject , but later accepted ) . It the Healthy Indiana Plan Medicaid Medicaid those living within 138 % of the poverty level , but also requires them those living within 138% of the poverty level make contributions to their those living within 138% of the poverty level health insurance , on a sliding    scale . Pence had to negotiate with President Barack Obama to receive approval for his President Barack Obama , and faced criticism from conservatives for accepting any part of Obamacare . But he President Barack Obama his President Barack Obama in an    in the Indianapolis Star in January : " Obamacare did not create the Healthy Indiana Plan . HIP existed before Obamacare Obamacare and it HIP exist after Obamacare Obamacare " He President Barack Obama Obamacare Obamacare would require a transition period , but the program would survive . The contributions are made to a health savings account called a Personal Wellness and Responsibility ( POWER ) account , building on a program started by Pence ’s Gov. Pence the policy has largely been a success . Earlier this year , Gov. Pence announced Pence HIP 2 . 0 patients had reduced emergency room visits by 40 % and that 70 percent of participants were paying into their POWER accounts . On Tuesday , patients touted Pence experience . " I stand before you today , because today open enrollment begins on the Obamacare exchanges . And once again , millions of Americans are going to be disappointed by their lack of options , and , millions of Americans , shocked by the high premiums and the cost of health insurance . This government takeover of health care that we call Obamacare is failing in states across America , as it is here in Pennsylvania , and This government takeover of health care that we call Obamacare case has never been stronger for repeal . " " Americans are putting their personal health second because Obamacare ’s Americans costs are too expensive and too burdensome , " Pence warned . He recalled that Hillary Clinton had not only backed Obamacare , but claimed credit for inspiring it . He reminded the audience " Before it He called Obamacare , it was it Hillarycare . " He it reminded them that President Obama He compared the program to the disastrous Samsung Galaxy 7 smartphone ( which was notorious for bursting into flames , due to battery problems ) . And he noted that that even former Bill He had said : " The costs are going up , coverage is going down , it ’s the craziest thing in the world . " " I guess even with a Clinton , sometimes truth happens , " Pence quipped , to applause . In a Trump presidency , he said , " we ’re going He repeal Obamacare   —    lock , stock , and barrel . " He then went on to explain what He replace it , using the free market   The plan    and without growing the government . The plan includes : Pence noted that HSAs were pioneered in Pence , and that the Trump plan would provide support directly The plan HSAs , rather than to insurance companies from whom individuals were forced to buy insurance under the current system . He called Medicaid " broken , " noting that " Obamacare has put a majority of the people receiving new coverage into a broken system . " And he touted the reforms he had made under HIP He . 0 as He example of how states can innovate . He concluded : " Obamacare is a catastrophic failure He Hillary Clinton says Obamacare wants to double down on that failure    Hillary Clinton      We can make health a catastrophic failure great again . " He also appealed to " NeverTrump " Republicans : He It ’s time to come home . " Pence introduced Donald Trump , who was greeted with familiar enthusiasm by the audience . Trump pledged to ask Congress to convene a special session to repeal and replace Obamacare , warning that premiums in Pennsylvania would increase more than 60 % . He warned that health care costs were overwhelming families’ ability to Trump their bills , and even their mortgages . He warned that families’ and young people would families’ an " Trump " situation due to Obamacare , where they " will be totally crushed by these massive health care millennials and young people before they even get started on their journey through life . " millennials and young people he noted that local millennials and young people only had one insurance provider from Trump to choose , in    of Pennsylvania counties including Philadelphia . " Hillary Clinton wants to expand Obamacare and make it even more expensive . She wants to put the government Obamacare in charge of health Hillary Clinton in America , " he said . " If we do n’t repeal and replace Hillary Clinton , we will destroy American health care forever . It ’s one we the single most important reasons why we American health care win on November 8th . We must win . " As Pence did , Trump outlined we basic elements of his replacement plan . " Our replacement plan includes Health Savings Trump , a nationwide insurance his replacement plan can purchase across state lines , and letting states manage Medicaid dollars . So much better . " We will create quality , reliable , affordable health care in Trump free market where parents can make the health care decisions that they really want to make for their families . It will be a parents better health care at a parents less expensive cost . " Trump also hit points from his stump speech , talking about bringing manufacturing jobs back to Pennsylvania , Trump military spending , ending Common Core , expanding school choice , and other priorities . Pence was introduced by Dr. Ben Carson , who was one of Trump ’s rivals in the primary , and later endorsed him . " Trump ’re going to bring the power back to the Trump and to the health providers , " he said of Trump ’s plans to replace Obamacare . ( Trump returned Trump favor in Trump own remarks , saying he hoped Carson Trump serve in his administration Trump ) Sen. John Barasso Trump ) had kicked off the Trump . He reminded the audience that Pennsylvania is facing steep    increases in health Sen. John Barasso ( ) premiums under Obamacare next year . And , he added , " What does Hillary Clinton say about this ? More Sen. John Barasso ( ) . What does Bill Clinton say about this ? ‘ Craziest thing I ever saw ! Hillary Clinton " to laughter and applause . Rep. Tom Price ( ) who is also a physician , led a group of House members onstage , many of whom have medical degrees or expertise . Rep. Michael Burgess ( ) said : " Many of us watched in horror in 2009 and 20010 as no Republicans were consulted and this thing was rammed through , " noting that    House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel exploited one crisis , only to create House Rep. Renee Elmers ( ) who noted the strong presence of women in the room , mocked President Barack Obama ’s comparison of Obamacare to a first home : " If it ’s a house , it ’s an outhouse , " she said , to laughter . Joel B. Pollak it Senior     at Breitbart News Rep. Renee Elmers ( ) who noted the strong presence of women in the room His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Joel B. Pollak , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Joel B. Pollak Twitter 