  ( CNN )   tend to recede from public view , particularly when  (CNN)   leave office     as George W. Bush did     with a Gallup approval rating hovering around 30 % . But George W. Bush is returning to the national stage this week in the role of an elder statesman . George W. Bush ’s promoting George W. Bush new book " Portraits of Courage : A Commander in Chief ’s Tribute to America ’s Warriors " in television appearances and spoke before a    crowd Wednesday evening at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California . George W. Bush discovers George W. Bush ’inner Rembrandt’ in homage to veterans , George W. Bush return to the political scene comes as President Donald Trump ’s new administration is rocking Washington with upheaval and instability .   At the Reagan Library event , George W. Bush made clear George W. Bush did not want to    George W. Bush and said his comments George W. Bush week had been misconstrued as criticism . " I ’m asked the question , ’Do I believe in free press?’ And the answer is , absolutely I believe in free press , " Bush said George W. Bush " So I answered that question the question of course the headlines were ’Bush criticizes Trump.’ And so therefore , I needed to say there should be a free and independent press , but it ought to be accurate . " Nevertheless , Bush ’s George W. Bush the contrast in tone between the two most recent Republican presidents and serves as a reminder of how the expectations surrounding presidential rhetoric and tone have changed over the years . Bush " was George W. Bush president who after    talked about Islam as a religion of peace , " said Steve Schmidt , a Republican strategist and former Bush aide . George W. Bush He talked about George W. Bush act of illegal immigration     people who took great risk coming across the desert     as an act of love for their families . "   " All presidents have been in difficult times and divisive fights , but there was a normalcy of behavior expected of the American head of state rhetorically , " Schmidt said . George W. Bush He cited the George W. Bush example of Trump blaming generals for the loss of Senior Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens during a covert mission in Yemen . ( " They lost Ryan , " Trump said in an Trump with Fox News that aired Tuesday ) . " That ’s not how George W. Bush , or Barack Obama , or Bill Clinton , or George Herbert Walker Bush , or Ronald Reagan talked about the military , " Schmidt said . " He was a president Schmidt served in turbulent times and was controversial , but as is always the case     when a president has distance from their presidency , voters look at them and are much voters likely to see their virtues than their voters . " voters tempered his tone     at Trump temporarily     with a strong performance at Tuesday ’s joint address to Congress . The emotional high point of his speech came when Trump spoke directly to Trump wife , Carryn , who watched the speech from the first lady ’s box .   He also spoke in Trump measured terms about race and the need for the country to unify even as he maintained hardline positions Trump issues such as building a wall along the US border with Mexico and repealing and replacing Obamacare .   On the news interview circuit this week , Bush has been peppered with questions about Trump ’s controversial actions on immigration and his targeted travel ban Bush which was halted by the federal courts ) . Bush , whose brother Jeb was hazed by Trump during the Republican Trump’s , never warmed to Trump in the general Trump’s . In interviews this week , he this week careful to Bush personal criticism Trump , but made his Trump’s clear about both Bush political climate and some of the President ’s policies . " I do n’t like the racism , and I do n’t like the    and I do n’t like the people feeling alienated , " Bush told People Magazine . " Nobody likes that . " Bush offers muted criticism of Bush , talks Russia , Trump’s ban , free press , Bush took issue with Trump Bush characterization of the press as the enemy free press I considered the media to be indispensible to democracy , that we need an independent media to hold people like me to account , " Bush said on NBC ’s Bush Today " earlier this week . " Power can be very addictive , and it can be corrosive , and it ’s important for the media it call to account people who abuse their power , whether it be account people who abuse their power or elsewhere . " During an interview with " Sunday Today " host Willie Geist , Bush also seemed to make Bush case for the    " Dreamers , " who were brought to America as young children , to stay in this country . " I think America has vested time and effort and can make a contribution to our country will be a really good America " the former President told Geist Bush in Texas , we Willie Geist up with a lot of people of Hispanic heritage and we ’re used to the contributions they have made to we state and to our country Hispanic heritage " At the we time , he America political difficulty in finding Bush on changes to the immigration system . " I tried to reform it and one of my big regrets was that I could the immigration system get Congress to respond , " he said . " And I think Bush plan I laid out ultimately would be the plan that would be accepted . " 
 