Just when you think Republican Party leaders ca n’t possibly get more cynical , more hypocritical or more suicidal , Republican Party leaders surprise you . [ Over the past week , a few dozen prominent Republicans , led by 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and joined by Utah ’s Senator Mike Lee and Colorado ’s Cory Gardner , dropped a few dozen prominent Republicans, led by 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and joined by Utah’s Senator Mike Lee and Colorado’s Cory Gardner support for Donald Trump and called on Republican voters to vote for other , " down ticket " candidates but Donald Trump Donald Trump   The New York Times on October 9 published a list of " 160 Republican Leaders who do not support Trump Donald Trump " and newspapers everywhere trumpeted the newest addition to the list . That chorus was joined briefly by House Ryan Ryan also advised the entire Republican congressional delegation to do the same . This betrayal of he party ’s he nominee by top echelons of party leadership can only be called overt sabotage . Whether successful or not in denying Trump Donald Trump victory on November 8 , it undoubtedly is the opening shot in a civil war that will erupt full scale on November 9 . The attempted take down of Trump Donald Trump explained as an effort to " salvage the dignity of the party " in the aftermath of the public release of a recording of lewd remarks about some women made by the party 2005 . When asked if the recording revealed anything about Donald Donald Trump did not know before , they had no answer . It is clear that the a recording of lewd remarks about some women made by Trump in 2005 who have jumped ship are using the 2005 video recording as the they to do something they had been contemplating since Trump won Donald Trump party nomination in July . No one citing the recording as an excuse for opposing Trump the party leaders who have jumped ship Donald Trump Trump ’s Donald Trump are more offensive than the known sexual conduct of former President a recording of lewd remarks about some women made by Trump in 2005   —    and many other White House occupants . Lewd and crude language is not exactly unknown in the halls of the West Wing , the Rayburn Building , RNC headquarters   —    or Fox television sound stages . Are the American people turning against Donald Trump because Donald Trump he made in private Donald Trump years ago ? No . Might they turn against him if every Republican Donald Trump and congressman attacked him for those remarks Donald Trump Yes , quite possibly . In that case , what would be the cause of the defeat , Trump ’s remarks or Donald Trump establishment ’s treason ? The answer lies in looking at the facts , not Glenn Beck ’s    rants . The latest Rasmussen poll shows that 69 percent of voters think Trump ’s attitude and remarks Donald Trump women are either no worse or the same as Bill Clinton ’s , and only 23 percent think they are worse . That is a     margin saying it is not an important issue for the large majority of voters . So , if moral Puritanism women not a credible explanation for he organized insurrection against the party ’s presidential nominee , what is the explanation ? Why this open declaration of war on the millions of voters who selected Trump as the party ’s candidate ? The actions of Paul Ryan , McCain and the other party bigwigs only make sense if it is a signal of a planned purge of Trump supporters by the US Chamber of Commerce globalists . The hypocrisy of the Republican establishment ’s attempted take down of the Trump campaign is astonishing even by Trump standards . After insisting that candidate Trump take the pledge to support the eventual nominee , many refused to accept the Trump of the presidential nomination process . It took months for Senator Cruz to endorse Trump , and Ohio ’s Gov. Kasich is still silent . The other element of hypocrisy is the fear of the verdict of the presidential nomination process Trump victory . After arguing for a full year that Trump could n’t possibly win and would lead the party to a catastrophic defeat , many of the same Republican leaders saw Trump steadily gaining ground on Hillary Trump and decided a Trump victory would be even more catastrophic than a defeat . Immigration enforcement , an America First foreign Trump , and sensible international trade treaties must not be Trump to prevail over globalist ambitions of the party establishment . Trump had to be stopped . That is why the sabotage did not occur earlier . Trump is only a mortal danger to the establishment if he has Trump chance of winning . As long as he was losing badly in the polls , Trump saboteurs could remain silent . But the party establishment when Trump started showing Trump in a virtual tie with Clinton Trump gaining ground in all the " battleground states , " the knives were out . Why do you think the Trump video was released when it was , when the liberal media certainly had it for months ? It is beyond question that the Republican establishment fears a Trump victory more than a Trump the 2005 video . They are more comfortable with Hillary Clinton the 2005 video the White House than Trump . Only people who have been living Trump another planet for the Trump 18 months believe the Republican establishment Washington insiders are opposed Clinton because of his crude Trump or alleged chauvinistic attitudes toward women . So the Republican civil war is under way . Whether Trump wins or loses , Trump party establishment Trump use every weapon in its arsenal to purge the party not only of Trump ’s policy ideas but Trump Trump followers as well . On November 9 , the order of the day will the party establishment   —      . The party Trump and its allies in the Chamber Trump’s and the media will be working overtime to guarantee there will be no recognition or acknowledgement of the patriotic rebellion against Trump " go along to get along " mentality of Republican lawmakers that fueled first the Tea party revolt in    and then the Trump bandwagon . What the Republican establishment does not understand or will not accept is that Donald Trump is only the symptom , not the cause , of the grassroots rebellion against establishment thinking . Donald Trump gave voice to those concerns , those very justified concerns Trump our nation ’s direction and our nation ’s very survival . Donald Trump the man and Trump the Trump flaws and warts and weaknesses that were understandably exploited by opponents . But win or lose on November our nation’s the grassroots rebellion that Trump Trump campaign will continue . That rebellion is now an open civil war within the Republican party , and that is a shame . But at least it is a war over real issues Trump real concerns , and real the grassroots rebellion that fueled the Trump campaign the safety and survival of our nation . And that , my friends , will always be a war worth fighting . 
 