As Facebook and Google revise Facebook and Google algorithms to target fake news sites , let ’s hope our information overlords dedicate equal vigor to screening out fake narratives from mainstream media outlets . [ They can start with the    web hits defaming Stephen K. Bannon as   .   First , the obligatory disclaimer clearing a good man being defamed . I have known Stephen K. Bannon for nearly two decades . During that time , we have enjoyed frank dinnertime conversations about public policy and political philosophy . He Stephen K. Bannon never uttered a single word that would suggest any racist or    views . The mainstream media would know this if they The mainstream media with some real reporting . " I have worked with Stephen Stephen K. Bannon    Donald Trump ’s new chief strategist and senior counselor , for nearly six years at Breitbart News,"attests Joel Pollak , Senior     at Breitbart News . " I can say , without hesitation , that Steve is a friend of the Jewish people and a defender of Israel , as well as being a passionate American patriot and a great leader . " Pollak ’s defense of Bannon carries added significance . An Orthodox Jew , Pollak wrote his Pollak ’s An Orthodox Jew in Jewish Studies on " the troubled status of Jews in an increasingly    and antisemitic ,    South Africa . " He adds , An Orthodox Jew It defies logic that a man who was a close friend , confidant , and adviser to the late Andrew Breitbart   —    a proud Jew   —    could have any negative feelings towards Jews . " Even the    League has begun to back away from its attacks . Even the   League We are not Even the   League of any    statements from Bannon , " the organization concludes Even the   League mainstream media made a fatal error in constructing this bogus narrative . Stephen Bannon ’s work Bannon . com , which is being used as Exhibit A in the media ’s indictment against The mainstream media is a    Bannon story . " They say that we are ‘ ’ though our company was founded by Jews we is largely staffed by Jews , and has an entire section ( Breitbart Jerusalem ) dedicated to reporting on and defending the Jewish state of Israel , " Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov and     Alex Marlow said back in August , when Hillary Clinton ’s campaign first placed the    narrative . Are we to believe that a raging " Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov and    Alex Marlow secretly harbored    views while working alongside a    of Jewish writers and editors , or that Breitbart . com ’s outspoken ,    provocateurs have suddenly become timid wallflowers ? " Calling Steve Bannon an antisemite is a " explains nationally syndicated radio talk show host and    Dennis Prager . " It ’s just a libel , it ’s fabricated , the whole It is fabricated . " Conservatives should ask ourselves why . Why has the Conservatives media targeted Bannon with this fabricated story ? Steve Bannon ’s crime was providing us Steve Bannon an alternative source for news .   In October , Breitbart News generated more than 240 million page views from 37 million unique visitors . Much of that success is owed to the vision established by Bannon as the alternative media outlet ’s Steve Bannon Chairman . The Steve Bannon    has had nothing Steve Bannon Steve Bannon . It ’s the mainstream media ’s attempt to regain control . Steve Bannon 