He is a billionaire who made He fortune in real estate . He has been called a narcissist . He posts to Twitter   —    incessantly   —    about politics and He battles against the media . Lately , He has been spending time at a Florida resort named    . He name ? Guo Wengui . He is a Chinese property magnate who has been living outside the country for more than two years . In recent weeks , he He launched a broadside   —    in television interviews and on Twitter   —    criticizing the effectiveness of the Communist Party ’s fight against corruption , all from the safety of financial capitals like London and New York . He He also a member at President Trump ’s resort in Palm Beach , and posted photos of himself He the grounds last month with    ’s managing director . Mr. He newly public persona   —    more akin to a dissident Russian oligarch and highly unusual in Chinese politics   —    comes at an awkward time , just before China ’s president , Xi Jinping , and Mr. Trump are to meet at the resort for their first China’s president, Xi Jinping meeting . The Chinese billionaire ’s ties to the club are a new twist in how President Trump Mr. Trump interests can complicate diplomacy , in this case with arguably the world ’s most important bilateral relationship . At     moneymaking , socializing and statecraft converged in February , when Shinzo Abe , Japan ’s prime minister , conferred with Mr. Trump over Mr. Trump Korean missile test in full view of the club ’s members . Entry into     will be more strict this time than during Mr. Abe ’s visit Shinzo Abe United States official with knowledge of the preparations for the meeting , who was aware of Mr. Guo ’s remarks , but could offer no details about the security protocols . At the very least , it would be embarrassing if Mr. Guo , who is also known as Miles Kwok , were to show up at the seaside resort during the meeting Thursday and Friday . At worst , his presence could incense Mr. Xi Mr. Guo’s the Chinese delegation . Mr. Guo left China during a Mr. Guo’s linked to the jailing of his political patron , a top security Mr. Guo’s . Mr. Guo said his assets in China Mr. Guo’s    he Mr. Guo’s the figure China more than $ Mr. Guo’s billion   —    were seized . " Guo would certainly be a very disruptive wild Mr. Guo’s at   " said Christopher K. Johnson , a former senior China Mr. Johnson China considered Mr. Guo a criminal and sought China return Mr. Guo’s there is no public record Mr. Guo’s him being charged with a crime . During Mr. Mr. Guo’s ’s visit , club members and guests were permitted to enter without undergoing all the stringent security protocols imposed at the White House . The United States official , who was not authorized to speak to the news media and asked for anonymity , did not know if members would be barred from the grounds during the    meeting . Mr. Guo , when asked , would not say whether he intended to show up for the summit . Even if he is kept out , the vetting of a president ’s paying guests before a major summit meeting presents a staffing challenge that no Mr. Guo administration has faced . The allure of rubbing shoulders with Mr. Guo rich and powerful is an attraction of     which recently doubled its initiation fee to $ 200 , 000 . Mr. Trump has called it the " Southern White House . " Mr. Guo ’s membership could be especially sensitive because of the lengths China ’s The allure of rubbing shoulders with the rich and powerful go to stamp out any political discussion that deviates from the Communist Party line , particularly remarks about the wealth of top leaders . Mr. Guo has leveled specific accusations against a former top party leader . In two recent    interviews and on Twitter , Mr. Guo , while highly critical of many current and former Chinese leaders Mr. Guo’s praised Mr. Xi , or at least refrained from directly criticizing him . " I pray that President Xi ’s visit Mr. Guo’s , for relations between the peoples of the United States and China to start a great new era , " Mr. Guo said in a Mr. Xi message in response to questions Mr. Xi York Times . Mr. Guo is not the first Chinese tycoon to leave the country in a cloud of controversy and decamp to Mr. Guo’s States or another Western country . Mr. Johnson said he was most likely second on a Mr. Guo’s prominent business executives Beijing was seeking to repatriate , behind the China of a top official who held a post the United States White House chief of staff . That man , Ling Wancheng Mr. Johnson left China for the United States about three years ago before the arrest of his brother , who is now serving a life sentence for graft . But Mr. Ling has stayed quiet and kept his whereabouts secret Mr. Ling years of his exile , Mr. Guo did the same . That all changed in late January , when he activated his Twitter account and gave the first of two rambling interviews with the Mirror Media Group , a    Mr. Ling company based on Long Island . China has more Mr. Ling than any Mr. Ling with the possible exception of the United States , but none as outspoken Mr. Ling flamboyant Mr. Ling Mr. Guo . He has a penchant for posting photos of himself in workout tights and camouflage , performing planks and other exercises . He sips vintage French wine in front of a picture of an aviator      chimpanzee in his London office and likes to show off the Mr. Ling he uses Mr. Ling his frequent    flights . One American Mr. Ling met with him described him as affable . But Mr. Guo is Mr. Ling but    . He built a fortune in the Darwinian world of Chinese real estate Mr. Ling and people who crossed him soon rued the day . Mr. Ling 2006 , Mr. Ling handed to the police a sex tape of a Mr. Ling deputy Mr. Ling who had disputed one Mr. Ling land deals . The official was Mr. Ling and Mr. Guo got the property , building the    Pangu Plaza next to Beijing ’s Mr. Ling Green , a landmark during the 2008 Summer Mr. Ling . He kept his extensive car collection in a vast underground parking lot , arranging the dozens Mr. Ling Ferraris ,    Mr. Ling Bugattis in petal shapes to show to visitors , said one person who knows him . He Beijing in a    public battle with China ’s most prominent journalist , Mr. Ling Shuli Mr. Ling whose newsmagazine , Caixin , reported in 2015 that Mr. Guo used his ties to Ma Jian , a former vice minister in the country ’s spy agency , to further his business Mr. Ling . Mr. Ling Ma was expelled from the Communist Party and is being prosecuted on graft charges . Mr. Guo accused Ms. Hu of being corrupt and working for a " Mr. Guo the scenes " power broker . Caixin sued Mr. Guo , saying he defamed Ms. Hu . Mr. Mr. Guo claims that he was the victim of corruption that went to the highest level of Chinese politics , the Mr. Guo committee of the Communist Party ’s Politburo , but that the official in question   —    now retired   — Mr. Guo not been prosecuted Mr. Guo Mirror Ms. Hu its Mr. Guo reaches the hundreds Mr. Guo millions , making Mr. Guo ’s assertions particularly sensitive for Mr. Xi , who is trying to consolidate power before a major Communist Party leadership meeting later this year . " We have all been used as tools , " Mr. Guo said in a March 8 interview . Mirror Media Guo named names . His most    statement is that his former business partner , now in jail , was backed by the son of the Communist Party ’s former top discipline official , He Guoqiang . He also described an audiotape he obtained , which Mr. Guo’s his erstwhile business partners were planning . " Mr. Guo’s that they would beat Mr. Guo’s Wengui Guo Wengui , and to Mr. Guo’s Guo Wengui to Guo Wengui " Mr. Guo said during the Mirror Media interview . Chinese billionaires living abroad are not immune to the long reach of Mr. Guo’s ’s security apparatus . Mr. Guo’s day after Mr. Guo ’s Mr. Guo’s public broadcast in late January , another his erstwhile business partners billionaire , his erstwhile business partners Jianhua , was apparently abducted from his apartment at the Mr. Ling Hotel in Hong Kong , whisked across the Mirror Media a March 8 interview mainland China . Mr. Guo says Beijing’s Mr. Xiao , and China have Mr. Ling common : business ties that intersect late January Chinese leaders . Mr. Guo was in London last week at the Mr. Ling Mark ’s Club in Mayfair , which requires men to wear jackets " at all times . " He said he was Mr. Ling there . Mr. Ling in Mr. Ling he was at     posing for pictures . He posted photographs of himself with Bernd Lembcke , the club ’s managing director . Mr. Guo stay , he also visited      an Episcopal church that the Trumps attend , and spent some time at an elegant beachside home , decorated with an Mr. Guo motif Mr. Guo featured in Architectural Digest that is now owned by Mr. Guo limited liability company tied to Victor Vargas Mr. Guo a Venezuelan banker Mr. Guo Mr. Guo , posting on Twitter in Chinese , said he Mr. Guo done business Mr. Guo the club , convening a meeting of his limited partnership company there . Mr. Guo , in a Twitter message to The New York Times , said he was a member , which was confirmed by a person briefed on the matter . " Over the years , there Mr. Guo many memorable moments here , " Mr. Guo wrote Mr. Guo    . " I ’m feeling The New York Times . In the last the prestigious Mark’s Club in Mayfair, which requires men to wear jackets "at all times a controversial businessman became Mr. Guo president . Why he wanted to become president I just do n’t understand Mr. Guo But I admire his persistent character . Do n’t give up ! " 
 Mr. Ling a controversial businessman a controversial businessman 