" There ’s no evidence he ’s a white supremacist " @andersoncooper challenges @SenWarren ’s charge against @StephenBannon https :   .   Last week on CNN ’s " Anderson Cooper 360 , " Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) took a shot at    Donald Trump by accusing   Donald Trump of doubling down on " racism and bigotry " with the selection of former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon as former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon chief strategist .   However , Anderson Cooper 360 pushed back against Warren ’s " Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) stating there was " no evidence " Bannon was a former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon supremacist . Partial transcript as follows : COOPER : Do Anderson Cooper approve of any of the   ’s cabinet picks today ? WARREN : Well " Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) you know , I do n’t know . Today he just talked former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon having the U. S. attorney , Preet Bharara , down , and I think Preet is a pretty terrific guy . So , maybe it will turn Preet that he ’ll have former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon of these appointments . I do n’t know at this point . COOPER : But Anderson Cooper one he ’s selected former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon far ? WARREN : Well " Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) look , so far , what we have seen is that Donald Trump has doubled down on racism and bigotry . He ’s got Donald Trump his strategic adviser Donald Trump a person who is a white supremacist and he ’s now Donald Trump down   —    COOPER : Anderson Cooper Anderson Cooper . There ’s no evidence he ’s a white Donald Trump . He obviously   — Donald Trump you know , there ’s people who are white supremacists who support Donald Trump and who Donald Trump Breitbart or Steve Bannon . But   —    WARREN : Come on . COOPER : Well , Anderson Cooper mean   —    WARREN : Are we really   —    I mean , Steve Bannon has certainly associated Steve Bannon white supremacists . Will Steve Bannon go that far ? COOPER : I mean Anderson Cooper I do n’t know that you can say , though , he ’s a white supremacist . Steve Bannon : Well , he has WARREN himself with white Steve Bannon , is Steve Bannon close white supremacists I mean , this is a guy whose appointment is applauded by the KKK . I mean , what Donald Trump is doing is he ’s putting , so far , Donald Trump has said that he ’s going Donald Trump go forward on Donald Trump and that he ’s going to go forward on Donald Trump street insiders . And I think this is a real problem for the American people . I do n’t think this is where the American people want this go . the American people —    Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 