’   ’ "    Donald Trump lashed out at Sen. Jeff Flake on Sunday after the    Republican from Arizona said Sen. Jeff Flake was n’t ready to vote for   Donald Trump . " ’    " The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders , not    weak people such as @JeffFlake , if it is going to stop illegal    immigration , " Trump   Sunday night . ’ ’    Sen. Jeff Flake then     an hour later : " The Great State of Arizona , where I just had a    massive rally ( amazing people ) has a very weak and ineffective    Senator , Jeff Flake . Sad ! " ’ ’    In an interview with Jake Tapper on CNN’ ’s " State of the Union , "    Flake , a vocal Trump detractor , said Jake Tapper " simply can’’t " support    Trump . ’ ’    " I would not vote for Hillary Clinton , and as of now , I would    still not vote for   Trump , " Flake said . ’ ’    " I just know that I would like to vote for Donald   Trump It’ ’s not    comfortable    not support your nominee , " he added your nominee " But given    the    he’ ’s taken , and the tone and tenor of his campaign your nominee    I simply can’’t . " ’ "    Flake also suggested that Trump is   Trump danger of losing Arizona to    Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , a belief he ’s your nominee publicly    . Arizona has Arizona Republican in every election    except one since 1952 . Bill Clinton   Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton was the only Democrat    to carry the state Arizona span . " ’   ’ ’    " Arizona should still Arizona a red state . But Donald Trump , with the    rhetoric that he’ ’s under and the characterizations of , you know ,    many of the state’ ’s population , have put the state in Arizona "    Flake said . ’ ’    Arizona is more than Arizona percent Hispanic , according to the    . ’ ’    Independent presidential candidate , Evan McMullin , came to Sen.    Flake’ ’s defense   saying the GOP nominee is " [ demonstrating ]    his fragility " by attacking the GOP nominee who oppose him . ’ ’    the GOP nominee   adding , " There’ ’s going to be no one left in    Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’’t insulted . " Trump ’    The    mogul has been criticized from both sides of    the aisle after   which    includes building a wall along the    border . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders , not weak people such as   if it is going to stop illegal immigration . ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Great State of Arizona , where I just had a massive rally ( amazing people ) has a very weak and ineffective Senator , Jeff Flake . Sad ! ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’Jeff Flake stands his ground : " I ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’Jeff Flake can’’t " support Donald Trump . ’ 
 