Washington ( CNN ) The doctor who has produced the only public medical record about Donald Trump during Donald Trump presidential campaign reportedly said Donald Trump spent only five minutes writing it . Harold Bornstein , Donald Trump ’s doctor who wrote a    note last December declaring the GOP nominee to be the " healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency , " said Friday that the GOP nominee spent very little time on the note . " I try to get four or five lines down as fast as possible so that they would be happy , " the GOP nominee told NBC News , explaining that the GOP nominee penned the note as the GOP nominee waited for a limo to pick the GOP nominee up . " In the rush , I think some of those words did n’t come out exactly the way they some of those words meant . " the GOP nominee said the GOP nominee added some hyperbole to the the note " I think I picked up the GOP nominee kind of language and then I just interpreted it to my own . "   Asked about Trump ’s health , the GOP nominee told NBC : " I do n’t think the GOP nominee ’s in any better or worse ( shape ) than the average person that goes and exercises every single day , " the GOP nominee said . " Does n’t smoke , does n’t drink     and that ’s simply the best advantage you can have to live     and the GOP nominee ’s got a good family history . " Clinton ’s health is fine , but what about Trump ’s Trump’s Trump and his allies Trump’s raised suspicions about Hillary Clinton Clinton’s recent days , but he and Trump’s campaign Trump’s released virtually no other records about his own Trump’s beyond Bornstein ’s note . As CNN ’s Brianna Keilar put it on " The Situation Room " this week , " There is nothing that would lead you to believe he is Trump’s . . .. His letter Trump’s his doctor Trump’s borderline ridiculous when you talk to other doctors who look at it . " Trump His letter from his doctor at age 70 , would be the oldest man to assume the presidency if elected in November , about eight months senior to Ronald Reagan when he was first    Ronald Reagan than 35 years ago . But both he and Clinton , Ronald Reagan to a federal life expectancy model from 2013 , are statistically likely to live comfortably through and beyond potential second terms in the White House , well into their 80s . There both he and Clinton little in Trump ’s personal medical history or lifestyle to suggest he is disproportionately disposed Trump future risks . 
 