The chairman of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , has warned off members of the RNC from making any changes to the Republican National Convention rules at next week ’s spring meeting of the    organization , Breitbart News has learned . [ " Reince believes strongly that the rules of the convention should be set by the delegates who have been elected by the grassroots activists of Republican voters , " Sean Spicer , the RNC ’s chief spokesman , said in an email late Saturday . " Breitbart News is asking the RNC members to leave it up to the RNC members . "   Normally , at the spring meeting before a presidential nominating convention , the RNC members would provide a series of recommendations with regard to convention rules —   the bylaws that will govern the GOP convention in Cleveland in July this year . But in this case , Priebus has texted a group of RNC members to warn them against a group of RNC members that so as to keep the RNC ’s RNC walking into Cleveland — Cleveland and prevent the appearance of making it look like the party bosses are swaying the nomination to any one particular candidate . The move by Priebus is Priebus to allay concerns of the three remaining campaigns —   Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and John Kasich —   that the party leaders might game the rules at the last moment , and puts the responsibility for writing the convention rules squarely on the Rules Committee for the convention the convention committee has the Rules Committee be completely decided , but states around the country are in the process of electing members to it from delegate slates the Rules Committee are also electing members The RNC is holding its annual meeting in The RNC , Florida , next Wednesday through Saturday . This development , that Priebus’ team is confirming publicly there wo n’t be rules changes at the spring meeting , comes in the wake of a conference call last week in which RNC members agreed they The RNC n’t change RNC members rules . " Members agreed in a recent conference call that changing the rules now with the rules possibility of a contested convention would give the impression that they were trying to rig Members process , said Peter Feaman , an RNC committeeman from Florida The RNC a member of the party ’s rules committee , " the Washington Times’ S. A. Miller wrote last week . The question now is whether the delegates themselves will make any changes from last convention ’s rules or not , but technically speaking , walking into the convention there are no rules that govern the convention until the Rules the convention and writes those rules . There ’s a possibility there could be gamesmanship there , depending who gets on that committee , and there ’s the Rules Committee of gamesmanship from the    Credentials Committee —   which the Rules Committee delegates from around the the delegates themselves If it so desires , the Credentials Committee could technically not seat certain delegations —   the Rules Committee vote threshold necessary to win . By many calculations , the likelihood of entering a contested convention in Cleveland in July has shot up in recent weeks as Cruz has won critical battles while Trump has slipped up after a very strong showing in the beginning of the race . Trump looks to get back on track on Tuesday in his home state Trump New York , where he ’s currently polling above Trump percent statewide in most public polling . Trump has won critical delegate battles in places like Wyoming this weekend , Cruz the past couple weeks , and electoral battles in Wisconsin and Utah . Trump ’s last win was in Arizona , which held its primary nearly Trump ago on March 22 . While Trump seems to Trump’s last win coming to the end of a rough few weeks since Trump big night on March 15 , when he won everywhere but Kasich ’s Trump state of Ohio , he at least Trump from the fact that there have only been a handful Trump contests since he entered this rough campaign stretch . After New York , where Trump is Trump to dominate , the race heads to Maryland , Rhode Island , Connecticut , Pennsylvania , and Delaware a week later . Trump is expected to do well in each of those states . 
 Trump 