’   ’ ’    Sean Spicer found Sean Spicer becoming a meme that went places few   —      if any   —    political memes have gone . ’ ’    After   that President Donald    Trump’ ’s inauguration " was the largest audience to ever witness an    inauguration , period , both    and around the globe , "   —      which photographic evidence , at the very least , showed it could    not have been   —    the meme was born . ’ ’ long   to spurn   have his tweets mined , and see a    photo of his from the press briefing room go viral . There was    even a   titled " It’ ’s a fact   —    Trump’ ’s    press secretary has become a meme , " and   was    unearthed . ’ ’    Most political memes remain confined to politics    Twitter , only being circulated by the Washington elite and    journalism class . But a meme was different   —    it managed a meme to spill out into the mainstream . ’ ’    Trump’’s   press secretary was even    parodied by the professional sports world .    ’    Spicer   to walk back his statement a    bit during his Monday press briefing ,    that he his the    combination of    and his viewers was what he meant ,    but it was too his . The    was    done . ’ ’ ’ ’   that the lying media does not mention the 1 , 000 , 000 invisibility cloaks issued to the crowd on inauguration day’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t"The Beatles , INCLUDING John & George , played the inaugural concert and President Trump applauded them with his HUGE HANDS . "   ’ ’ ’ ’  that the lying media does not mention the 1, 000, 000 invisibility cloaks issued to the crowd on inauguration day’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t"The Beatles, INCLUDING John & George ’ President Trump , I did not become a meme about telling absurd lies after my very first press conference . "    Sean Spicer    ’ ’ ’t’t’tI wonder if young sean spicer ever dreamed he would one day grow up to become young sean spicer meme .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tGotta hand it to   Sean Spicer . Yesterday most people never heard of him . Today he ’s a meme . young sean spicer .   young sean spicer ’    The meme hit so hard it went far a meme . The   claimed a meme its    jumbotron near the end of a Saturday a meme game that the paid    attendance was " 1 . 5 million . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tStars Jumbotron with a topical joke .   ’ ’    Gregg Popovich , the head coach of the NBA’ ’s San Antonio    Spurs ,   of calling out Spicer on    Saturday , and Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr invoked a    Spicer joke when speaking of his lackluster career Spicer    Orlando Magic after he Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr addressed as " former Orlando Magic    great Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr " ’ ’    " Yes , Sean Spicer will be talking about my Magic career any Spicer now , " . " his lackluster career with the   Orlando Magic the   Orlando Magic ,    greatest player in Magic history . " ’ ’    As if breaking through the typically    zone of pro    sports was not enough , Spicer found himself being lampooned by     too . ’ ’ Spicer ’ Spicer Big the Cat sections of Sonic Adventure were very popular . It’ ’s true "   ’ ’   ’ ’ ’t’t’t"Instead of having some sort of bulky gamer headset , you ’ll be able to do it right off your smartphone . .. that ’s a pretty sweet solution . "   ’ ’ ’t’t’t"Killzone 2’ ’s trailer was 100 %    footage , period . "    Sean Spicer   ’ ’    As New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman wrote , the early    episode for Spicer looks like it could be a defining mark on his    stint Sean Spicer  ’ ’ press secretary . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tAnnouncers at Sean Spicer  ’ ’ NBA game were making   jokes this weekend . This moment broke through huge . And ca n’t be put back in bottle . ’t’t " 
 