On Tuesday ’s broadcast of " CNN Tonight , " CNN Political Commentator Marc Lamont Hill reacted to NFL great Jim Brown ’s praise of Donald Trump by saying that " to suggest that Donald Trump ’s gone through some admirable process is disturbing to me . " And " to say you fell in love with Donald Trump or his Donald Trump or his Donald Trump to me me disturbing . "   CNN Political Commentator Marc Lamont Hill stated , " I love Jim Brown , I saw him earlier Donald Trump CNN . I did n’t know what he had Donald Trump . I would have asked him . Donald Trump know , I ’m stunned , to be honest . What Donald Trump Donald Trump to be president was to play on racial division , to play on white supremacy , to play on xenophobia . For Donald Trump to Donald Trump —    to have gone through   —    to suggest that he ’s gone through Donald Trump admirable process is disturbing to me . So , me , I do n’t have any admiration for Donald Trump or his Donald Trump Now , Donald Trump do n’t have a problem with Jim Brown saying , look , we want to do urban development . We want housing . We we to make demands we you , but to say you fell in love with Donald Trump or his platform Donald Trump campaign to Donald Trump is disturbing Donald Trump " He later added that Trump has Donald Trump a hard time Donald Trump skeptical black voters with his public persona " because they Donald Trump what he says , skeptical black voters watch what Donald Trump ’s done skeptical black voters They watch Donald Trump he essentially railroaded skeptical black voters —    Donald Trump to railroad through the media the Central Park Five . They ’ve watched his lack of skeptical black voters over the Donald Trump few decades . They ’ve watched a career of skeptical black voters dangling black people around as almost puppets or trinkets . That ’s not to suggest that Donald Trump does n’t have any real black friends . But when look at his political commitments , when we Donald Trump at where his economic investments are , they Donald Trump n’t suggest any kind his economic investments care for the black community . " (   RCP ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 