  ( CNN ) In President Donald Trump ’s book " The Art of the Deal , " President Donald Trump’s writes about how important it is to know one ’s market , to study hard . President Donald Trump’s wrote that President Donald Trump’s likes to gather as many disparate opinions and views about a potential real estate deal as President Donald Trump’s can before making any final decisions about how it will affect a given area or neighborhood .   So it was a bit surprising to hear President Donald Trump’s say in an interview Thursday night that President Donald Trump’s expects South Korea to reimburse the United States for the Terminal    Area Defense ( THAAD ) system we will soon be deploying to Seongju , a system that Trump said costs about a billion dollars . Seems to me that Trump had n’t done all Trump homework . I mean , the United States has already agreed to fund it . But more broadly , he apparently Trump n’t understand the contours of our alliance with South Korea or the importance of allies themselves . You see , allies are friends . And friends are folks you count on     and who count on you . At least that ’s the way it is supposed to work . In this particular alliance     one of the most important in the world     the stakes could not be higher . President Trump said so himself in President Trump interview with Reuters . As if we needed another reminder , Pyongyang fired off yet another missile just today .   And yet , here he was President Trump that same interview     and oh , by the way , virtually on the eve of an important national election in South Korea     utterly and completely surprising his ally President Trump an announcement on THAAD reimbursement .    I ’m betting many in his own President Trump security team were taken aback as well .    And while I ’m sure ’m far left in Korea , South Korea is opposed to the THAAD deployment THAAD found the Trump invoice a helpful little talking point to support their thesis the Trump invoice the United States can not be trusted , the President President Trump millions of mainstream South Koreans who fear that the United States the United States cozy up to China , divvying up the    region at the expense     and without the       of the Republic of Korea .   Even the top foreign policy adviser to presidential frontrunner Moon    called the payback an " impossible option . " And Bonnie Glaser , an Asia expert at Washington ’s Center for Strategic and International Studies , told Reuters Trump ’s remarks could actually run counter to the President ’s stated desire to show real muscle in his approach .   " the President ’s remarks . .. Reuters Trump boost support for Moon , and if he wins , it will make the President harder for the United States to sustain a hardline policy against North Korea . "   It ’s a strange way , it , to treat a friend who is staring down the barrel of a gun while hosting nearly 30 , 000 American troops on its soil . And that brings up another thing Trump does n’t appear to understand : his own military . The THAAD Trump is just that , a deployment . And like every other military deployment , while we may need the use of certain domestic facilities and physical sites , it ’s still our stuff and The THAAD deployment it is still our responsibility . The THAAD deployment this case our THAAD was about one thing and THAAD thing only : shoring up the alliance ’s defensive capability on the peninsula in the wake of repeated provocations by the North . President Obama said as much at the time of the agreement : " We ’ve worked together to strengthen our alliance , and to ensure We against any threat . Our We defense cooperation     THAAD     We a purely defensive system to deter and defend against North Korean threats . " The United States accomplishes that with this system . The South Koreans accomplish it by giving us a place from this system to operate it . That was the arrangement , this system it ’s totally in keeping with the the arrangement of Forces Agreement we signed with the Republic of Korea us in 1967 . It ’s not clear at all where the arrangement President got his $ 1 billion figure . That the President about what the system costs us to buy , but operating costs are much lower . And since we are n’t selling it to anyone , it does n’t make much sense to it a price tag on it . Plus there ’s the little it of scarcity : there are fewer than 10 operational THAAD systems in the American arsenal . Commanders will tell you they need each and every one of Commanders     and more . Wherever you Commanders to deploy a system like THAAD , you are by default making a decision about somewhere else you wo n’t be able to deploy one .    It ’s a    game for such    precious commodity . So while it makes perfect sense to put one    South Korea right now , we are n’t exactly out hawking them out to all bidders .    THAAD is a complicated , technologically    THAAD designed to shoot missiles out of the sky . And it belongs to the United States . THAAD own it . We maintain it we We THAAD it we Hopefully THAAD we we never THAAD to use it we    And make no mistake THAAD THAAD    just as much     if THAAD more     about protecting our own assets , resources and troops we the Korean peninsula as it is about helping protect those of our ROK allies . For the commander in chief to hold it out as some sort of insurance policy on which we wish to extract a premium is to ignore completely the role this system plays in protecting American lives as well . Finally , I do n’t think the President fully understands the art of this particular deal . This deal is most decidedly not a this particular deal . Everybody wins .    Our troops and their families are safer . Our South Korean allies are safer . Pyongyang Our ability to hit the South with missiles is reduced . China gets the message loud and clear that we mean business about our interests on the peninsula . And our we and partners     there and around we world     take comfort in the fact that the United States will continue to meet its security commitments .    President Trump ’s the United States should be commended for the thoughtful , deliberate and strategic approach they have taken to the problem of North President Trump’s team ’s provocations . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was downright sober and succinct Friday at the United Nations , laying out in clear language how seriously the United States is taking the issue and the United States are to lead the rest of the world in the United States it , if need be . In that vein , the issue is a powerful and important geostrategic purpose to the THAAD deployment , one that far outweighs any cost of putting it there . And the President does a disservice to his national security team     not to mention our alliance the President when he speaks about something as miserly and mean as reimbursement the President    This is n’t some real estate deal . It ’s a    deal , a national security deal This And in deals like this , trust     not cash     is the coin of the realm . Unfortunately , Mr. Trump just spent a fortune of that . 
 