  ( CNN ) As President Donald Trump celebrated what President Donald Trump called a " tremendous " first day in Saudi Arabia , President Donald Trump onetime campaign adviser and longtime confidante Roger Stone expressed nothing but aversion for the Gulf nation and parts of the President ’s trip .   In a litany of tweets , longtime confidante Roger Stone berated Saudi Arabia as " the enemy " and slammed Trump for accepting the Order of Abdulaziz from King Salman bin Abdulaziz . " Candidly this makes me want to puke , " he accepting the Order of Abdulaziz from King Salman bin Abdulaziz .   The the Order of Abdulaziz from King Salman bin Abdulaziz the nation ’s highest civilian honor , was also bestowed upon former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush . Stone longtime confidante Roger Stone , however , that Trump Trump for the award only at the suggestion of his Trump for and senior adviser Jared Kushner , although he Trump for n’t say why he Trump for the assertion .   Stone longtime confidante Roger Stone come as Trump has Trump for to distance himself from Trump for controversial Trump for campaign adviser . A source confirmed to CNN that Stone was longtime confidante Roger Stone those who advised the President to fire former FBI Director James Comey , which Politico first reported . Stone , who is being investigated by the FBI as FBI its investigation into contacts FBI the Trump campaign and Russians , spoke to Trump after Comey testified Trump a hearing on Capitol Hill earlier this month , the source said . Trump pushed back against Trump reports , denouncing them as " fake these reports " and tweeting that he had " not Trump to Roger in a long time . "   A White House spokesperson reiterated the President ’s assertion that he has not spoken A White House spokesperson Stone in a while , adding , " The President has not the President’s Roger Stone in many months Stone reports suggesting otherwise are categorically untrue . " In a tweet , Stone , too , pushed back Stone reports that he " urged " Trump to Stone Comey , but added that he supported the decision " 100 Comey . " He contradicted the President ’s claim Comey the President’s the two had not talked " in many months , " telling ABC ’s " The View " last week that they had spoken " very recently . " CNN ’s Gregory Krieg , Stephen Collinson , Jeff Zeleny and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report . 
 