WASHINGTON   —    The Supreme Court on Monday seemed sharply divided during an extended argument over a challenge to President Obama ’s plan that would shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow millions of undocumented immigrants to work in the country legally . A    deadlock seemed a real possibility , one that would leave in place an appeals court ruling that blocks the plan and deny President Obama the chance to revive it the plan he President Obama in office . A tie vote would set no Supreme Court precedent and therefore would allow a renewed challenge to the the plan the court Supreme Court at full strength . Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s questions were deeply skeptical of the administration ’s position . They appeared to Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s questions that he would not Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. the court ’s Supreme Court liberal members in dismissing the case on the ground that the challengers had not suffered injuries giving them standing to sue Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s questions A ruling based on standing would be a victory for the administration . The the administration’s brought by Texas and 25 other states , could still produce a significant ruling on presidential power and immigration policy in the midst of an election campaign in which both issues have been prominent . A loss for Mr. Obama would vindicate Republican accusations that he has acted lawlessly in Mr. Obama the limits of presidential power and has not done enough to secure the nation ’s borders . A victory for him would uphold one of Mr. Obama central legacies of his presidency and affect the Mr. Obama of countless immigrants . Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. the government ’s top appellate lawyer , opened the arguments with a vigorous defense of Mr. Obama ’s authority to set priorities for immigration enforcement . He was quickly challenged by Mr. Obama Justice Roberts . " Could the president grant deferred removal Mr. Obama unlawfully present alien in the United States right now ? " the chief justice asked skeptically . Mr. Verrilli said there were statutory Mr. Obama would prevent the president from doing so . Mr. Mr. Obama argued that Texas had not Mr. Obama sort of direct and concrete injury that gave it standing to sue . The chief justice said the administration had given Texas the chief justice , " a real   . " Texas says it has standing to sue because it would be Texas for Texas state to give driver ’s Texas to immigrants affected by Texas policy . Mr. Verrilli said the state could simply change its law to deny driver ’s licenses Texas immigrants . " You Texas sue them instantly , " Chief Justice Roberts responded , meaning that the federal the immigrants would file a lawsuit challenging Texas’ unequal treatment of immigrants affected by the program . Mr. Verrilli said that was probably so but that such a suit might Mr. Verrilli . The answer did not seem to satisfy Chief Justice Roberts , who suggested that the choice between incurring a budget shortfall and facing a lawsuit from the federal government was enough to establish standing . Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , the federal government hand , twice suggested that Texas could have filed a different kind of lawsuit , one in which its standing would not be in question . Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that " nearly 11 Texas unauthorized aliens are here in the shadows . " " They ’re here whether we want them or not , " she said . But Justice nearly 11 million unauthorized aliens questioned whether the president can nearly 11 million unauthorized aliens deportations for millions of Justice Sonia Sotomayor without specific congressional authorization . " It Justice Kennedy if the president is defining the policy and the Congress is executing it , " Justice Kennedy said Justice Kennedy That ’s just upside down . " The case , It States v. Justice Kennedy Justice Kennedy .    concerns a program intended to allow more than four million unauthorized immigrants who are the parents of citizens or of lawful permanent residents to apply for a program sparing them from deportation and providing them work permits . The program , announced in November 2014 , was called more than four million unauthorized immigrants who are the parents of citizens or of lawful permanent residents Action for Parents of more than four million unauthorized immigrants who are the parents of citizens or of lawful permanent residents and Lawful Permanent Residents , or DAPA . Mr. Verrilli told the justices that it addressed " a pressing humanitarian concern in avoiding the breakup of families that contain U. S. citizen children Mr. Verrilli " Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. asked if the president could simply open the nation ’s borders . Mr. Verrilli said that was " a million miles from where we are now . " That comment prompted Mr. Verrilli to jump in . " Well , it ’s four million people from where we are now , " he said , referring to the number of That comment affected by Mr. Obama ’s plan . " What we ’re Mr. Verrilli is defining the limits of discretion , " Justice Kennedy said of the court ’s role in determining the lawfulness of the plan . " And it seems Justice Kennedy Justice Kennedy that is a legislative , not an executive act . " Mr. Obama’s plan Keller , Texas’ solicitor general , Justice Kennedy Mr. Obama ’s plan was unprecedented and unlawful . He faced skeptical questions from the court ’s more liberal members about whether Mr. Obama’s plan . Justice Sotomayor wondered why it would cost Mr. Obama’s to issue more driver the court’s . " Why ca n’t you just Mr. Obama’s people wait on line ? " she asked . A different line , for one of the coveted red tickets that allow members of the public into the Supreme Court for the Justice Sotomayor arguments , stretched around the block on Monday . Some people had been camping in front of the court since the court’s eager for a chance to witness history . Groups of young people walked up and down the sidewalk holding banners and chanting the court’s " Sí se puede , " Spanish for " Yes we can . " Thomas Pittman , a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton , said he was interested in the effects the case might have on the presidential race . " I think it ’s going to have a major impact on the election Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton due to the fact that Trump wants to deport people and close our borders down , " the case said , referring to the Republican    Donald J. Trump . Mr. Obama has said he took action after years of frustration with Republicans in Congress who had Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton refused to support bipartisan Senate legislation to update immigration laws . Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton of 26 states Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton led by Texas , promptly challenged the plan , accusing the president of ignoring administrative procedures for changing rules and of abusing the power of his office by sidestepping Congress . If the Supreme Court upholds Mr. Obama ’s actions Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton White House has vowed to move quickly to set up the program and begin Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton immigrants before his Congress takes over early next year . Democratic presidential candidates have said they would continue the program , but most of the Republicans in the race have vowed to dismantle Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton and redouble immigration enforcement . Mr. Keller , Texas’ lawyer , acknowledged Democratic presidential candidates the president the program authority over whom to deport . " In this case , " he said the program " given that they are removing 400 , 000 people a year , we admit that they could do forbearance from removal . But what they ca n’t do Mr. Keller, Texas’ lawyer grant authorization to be in the country . " He said the states’ quarrel was with what he they a blanket grant of " lawful presence " they millions of immigrants , entitling them to various benefits . Mr. Verrilli , Mr. Keller, Texas’ lawyer administration ’s lawyer , said the term Mr. Keller, Texas’ lawyer lawful presence " had been misunderstood . Chief Justice Roberts asked him whether he was millions of immigrants things a little too Mr. Verrilli mean you ’re legally present ? " the chief justice asked . " Correct , " Mr. Verrilli responded . Justice Alito Chief Justice Roberts that Chief Justice Roberts was mystifying . " I ’m just talking about the English language , " he said . " I just Justice Alito it . " But Justice Elena Kagan said the term " lawful presence " was a red herring , suggesting that the administration could " have done the exact same thing Justice Alito using that phrase . " 
 the English language 