Washington ( CNN ) Kanye West met with    Donald Trump on Tuesday , after Donald Trump was spotted arriving at Trump Tower in New York City , only days after the rapper first came back into the public eye following Donald Trump hospitalization .   Donald Trump spoke to reporters with Kanye West by   Donald Trump side , calling the rapper a " good man " and telling journalists that they journalists been " friends for a long time . " While Kanye West would not discuss the details of the meeting ignored questions about whether   Donald Trump plans on performing at   Donald Trump inauguration , he   Donald Trump tweeted about it , he plans on performing at Trump’s inauguration he   Donald Trump to Trump   Donald Trump stopping the violence in his   Donald Trump city of Chicago . " I wanted to meet with Trump   Donald Trump to discuss multicultural issues , " West tweeted . " I wanted to meet with Trump   Donald Trump to discuss multicultural issues , " he   Donald Trump . " I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly our change . " " You take care of yourself , I ’ll see you soon , " Trump   Donald Trump West in West lobby of Trump Tower as their meeting care . A source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN that concern over Chicago is the rapper ’s main concern . " Finding ways to effect change for that particular issue has been heavy on Kanye ’s mind for years and he has been talking about it more that particular issue most recently with family and friends , " the source A source with knowledge of the meeting " His hope is he he will be he to keep this issue fresh that particular issue mind of the Trump administration and they will make making the Trump administration safe again a priority . " West , who has mentioned Trump in his lyrics , asked he a    meeting with Trump , transition spokeswoman Trump Hicks confirmed .   RELATED : Kanye has a lot in common with Trump , This is Trump another sign that the    mogul and rapper , who declared a 2020 presidential bid at the VMA ’s last year , is open to working with the   . The reason for his visit is not Trump clear and he did not take Trump questions from reporters . He walked in with Trump slight smile and made his way to the Trump . He was accompanied by Trump entourage that included a videographer .   West , who was hospitalized last month due to exhaustion , shocked fans in California when he abruptly ended a Trump with a rant in which he proclaimed that had Trump voted , he Trump have voted Trump Donald Trump . " I told y’ all I did n’t vote , right ? " Kanye said . " But if I would ’ve voted , I would ’ve voted for Trump . " West Donald Trump who attended a Hillary Clinton fundraiser with wife and Clinton supporter Kim Kardashian Hillary Clinton year , has long been known to make controversial statements . His views on 2016 Trump uncommon in the    community , which has fiercely rejected the candidacy of the billionaire mogul this year ’s election cycle . His surprising support for Trump was met with anger and confusion in the    community as activists and artists gear up for a political battle against the incoming president amid fears that a Trump administration could threaten the civil rights of minority groups . Following the    rant and a canceled Los Angeles concert , West canceled the rest of his 2016 Saint Pablo the incoming president dates     which had been scheduled through New Year ’s Eve . " The remaining dates on the SAINT PABLO TOUR have been canceled , " Live Nation said in a statement . " Tickets will be fully refunded at point of purchase . " During his hospitalization fans expressed concern over West ’s mental health West criticism , many dedicated prayers and well wishes on social to the rapper . West was released from the West early this month . 
 