Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) held one of the last rallies of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) California primary campaign in the Bay Area on Monday , where Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) defied the Associated Press projection of Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee regardless of Tuesday ’s result . [ Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) told the roaring crowd at Crissy Field in Presidio , " We ’re gon na win here in California ! "   Musician Dave Matthews , actors Danny Glover and Shailene Woodley , Princeton professor Cornel West , and Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard ( ) were present to perform and introduce Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) to the roaring crowd . " In case you have n’t noticed , there are a lot of people here tonight . And this is the extended Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) clan , " Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said as Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) walked onto the stage with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) wife , two sons , daughter and grandchildren . " I want to thank all of you for being part of the political revolution , for understanding that it is just too late for establishment politics and establishment economics , and that we need to transform America , " Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) added although the campaign stated off as a " fringe campaign , that ’s no longer the case . " Sanders and Clinton both held rallies in California on Monday   —    Sanders in the northern part of the state and Clinton in Clinton south . Despite the AP ’s projection , neither candidate made reference to it in their rally Sanders and Clinton both . Six states are holding primaries on Tuesday . During her " Get Out the Vote " rally in Lynwood , Los Angeles on Monday , Clinton urged voters to get out and vote on Tuesday   —    perhaps fearful that the AP ’s announcement might depress turnout . " I want to finish strong here in California . It means , it means It world to me , " Clinton said Clinton Clinton has Clinton , 812 pledged delegates , which she has Clinton in primaries and caucuses , and the support of 571 superdelegates . However , the superdelegates 571 superdelegates vote until the July convention , which has sparked outrage from Sanders supporters who are calling the AP ’s report premature , resulting in a # StillSanders hashtag trending on social media . Sanders spokesman Michael Sanders issued a statement in response to the AP , the AP media for making a " rush to judgement " in declaring Clinton the nominee . Clinton held her own Clinton Monday Clinton , featuring Christina Aguilera , John Legend and Stevie Wonder at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles . Sanders will be in Southern California on Tuesday evening and will return home to Vermont on Wednesday . Clinton will be in Clinton , New York to watch the primary results . Sanders also found time Sanders attack the presumptive Republican nominee : " Let me give you some reassuring news : Donald Trump will not become president of the United States . And he will not become Donald Trump for a number of fairly obvious reasons , " Sanders said . He Sanders Trump for Sanders attack Donald Trump    Sanders Gonzalo Curiel   —    who is of Mexican descent   —    calling him a " hater Sanders " Curiel , who is presiding in a lawsuit over Trump University , was appointed to the federal bench by President Barack Obama . Sanders said Trump ’s " attack Trump University Latinos and Mexicans " was " not new    …      What Trump wants to do Trump University divide us up . " " What we need to understand us that diversity is our strength , " us concluded . Follow Sanders Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 