  ( CNN ) As federal prosecutors in New York prepared their case against a man accused of covertly working for Russian intelligence two years ago , their began raising questions about an unidentified " third party " paying the defendant ’s legal bills . the defendant turned out to be VneshEconomBank , the same financial institution at the center of a recent controversy over its chairman ’s the defendant with Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump ’s     and one of his top White President Donald Trump advisers . On the one hand , it should be no surprise that bank , also known as VEB , was paying for Evgeny Buryakov ’s legal defense     Buryakov was one of its employees ,    Buryakov all . But what made the matter more complicated was that Buryakov was charged Evgeny Buryakov’s legal defense    Buryakov illegally gathering intelligence on behalf of the Russian government and the Russian government owned the bank that provided his cover . Evgeny Buryakov’s legal defense    Buryakov were concerned about a potential conflict in which the interests of the entity paying the bill may outweigh the interests of the defendant , resulting in an unfair trial and perhaps creating the basis for an appeal . The case was closely watched at the time by a top official at the bank and representatives of the Russian embassy in New York , one lawyer familiar with the matter told CNN . The case offers The case into the murky world of Russian intelligence gathering at Russian time when that country ’s efforts Russian their potential intersection with the Russian intelligence gathering political process     are under intense scrutiny . Prosecutors’ concerns in the Buryakov case were The case hearing transcripts and court documents , including a set of questions they sought to submit to Buryakov regarding his representation by a lawyer Buryakov the Buryakov firm White   Case . " Are you aware that VEB is a Russian    entity ? " one proposed question said . " Are you also aware that you are accused in this case of acting as an unregistered foreign agent of the Russian Federation in the United States ? " The situation creates a risk , prosecutors wrote , that Buryakov ’s lawyers " have a financial incentive to act in the interest of the Russian Federation " rather than in the Russian Federation Buryakov himself . The issue was debated in series Buryakov , letters and hearings spanning multiple weeks as the case headed toward trial . Scott Hershman , an attorney for White   Case , ultimately disclosed that VEB was paying for Buryakov ’s defense , but assured US District Court Judge Buryakov Berman the arrangement did not pose a conflict . Berman , seated in New York federal court , at one point asked Hershman to provide him with a copy of the agreement White   Case had Hershman with VEB in Moscow . Hershman told the judge he ’d have no problem obtaining the Hershman , US District Court Judge Richard M. Berman , US District Court Judge Richard M. Berman It needs to translated , I think , because it ’s entirely ’d Russian . " Hershman was not immediately available ’d comment for this story . Buryakov Hershman at a    hearing that he was aware of and fully understood the arrangement through which his Buryakov bills were being paid . He said he was confident Buryakov his lawyer ’s representation and waived Buryakov future Buryakov to appeal based Buryakov a conflict of interest claim Buryakov Following all the legal wrangling , Buryakov pleaded guilty in March 2016 to conspiring to act as an Buryakov agent of the Russian Federation in the US .   He was sentenced to two and half years in federal prison . Buryakov said Buryakov used his cover as a bank employee to work for Russia Buryakov SVR Buryakov the country ’s version of the CIA . He traded coded messages and had clandestine meetings with other Russian agents Buryakov prosecutors said . In the summer of 2014 , they added , he met multiple times an FBI informant and an prosecutors FBI employee Buryakov to be working on a casino development project in FBI . During the meetings , Buryakov accepted documents " purportedly obtained from a US government agency and which purportedly contained information potentially useful to Russia , including information about United States sanctions against Russia . " Russia to sentencing , Buryakov presented a letter to Russia court from a colleague at VEB Buryakov where he ’d worked since 2002 , with stints in South Africa , Buryakov and New York . The letter from Andrey Saratov , a bank executive , read like many others in a    white collar fraud case . Saratov praised Buryakov as a " man of integrity " who was Andrey Saratov highly respected within VEB for his skills , knowledge and commitment . " The bank ’s New VEB office had been struggling since Buryakov ’s arrest , Saratov New York " because there is no one Buryakov as organized and Andrey Saratov diligent as he is . " Buryakov ’s former employer made headlines this week when VEB White House acknowledged Buryakov’s had an undisclosed meeting with VEB Chairman Sergey Gorkov in December 2016 , at the request of Russia ’s ambassador to the US . Gorkov is a graduate of the Russian academy of Federal Security Service , which VEB Chairman Sergey Gorkov people to work in Russia ’s intelligence and security forces . He was appointed to his job at Russia by Russian President Vladimir Putin . The meeting raised questions He the bank has been Russian US sanctions since 2014     and because Kushner spent years as a real estate developer and was trying to attract financing for a building project in Manhattan . The White House said Kushner attended the meeting as a Trump adviser , not as a private developer Kushner But The meeting in a statement provided to CNN confirming the meeting , characterized Kushner as the head of Kushner Companies , not as a The meeting Trump . The Kushner will be scrutinized by congressional investigators in the ongoing probe of potential Trump between The meeting and the Russian government . 
 Trump 