" As the investigation into the Trump campaign ’s possible ties to Russia gains traction , special counsel Robert Mueller has begun quietly assembling a formidable team of top lawyers and investigators . " ’Mueller has so far hired 12 people and intends to bring on more , ’Mueller spokesman Peter Carr told .’ ’Only a handful have been named publicly so far , but legal experts and fellow lawyers who have spoken to media in recent days lauded the new hires as a powerhouse team of experienced professionals with sterling credentials who rank among the best in the new hires field.’ ’"That is a great , great team of complete professionals , " Kenneth Starr , the former independent counsel who investigated President Bill Clinton , told .’ " The members of Mueller ’s team who ’ve been named have a cumulative 37 years of experience at the FBI and 85 years at the Department of Justice ,   reported on Friday . " " Yet despite the lawyers’ resumes and reputations , several members of Mueller’s team have come under fire for their several members of the team donations to Democrats , prompting some critics to cry foul on the investigation and urge Trump to fire Mueller . " ’Trump himself has even weighed in:’ ’"You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history   —    led by some very bad and conflicted people ! " Trump Trump Thursday on .’ " Dreeben , the deputy solicitor general overseeing the Department of Justice ’s criminal docket , is widely regarded as one of the top criminal law experts in the federal government . He Trump work for Mueller on the investigation    as he Trump the DOJ ’s criminal appellate cases . " " Dreeben is best known for having argued   before the Supreme Court   —    a feat that fewer than 10 other attorneys have accomplished in the court ’s history . Peers say his hiring reveals how seriously Mueller Mueller taking the the investigation    and how    it ultimately the investigation    be . " ’"That Mueller Mueller sought his assistance his both to the seriousness of his effort his the depth of the intellectual bench he is his , " Paul Rosenzweig , a former Homeland Security official and Whitewater investigator , wrote on the   blog.’ " Preet Bharara , the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York who was recently fired by Trump , called Dreeben one of the DOJ ’s top legal and appellate minds in modern times : " ’Beyond possessing an " encyclopedic " knowledge of criminal law , lawyers who have worked with Dreeben say he also Dreeben a gift for anticipating questions his arguments Dreeben likely prompt , allowing him to Dreeben answers accordingly.’ ’"He answers [ questions ] directly . He answers Dreeben completely . And he answers Dreeben exquisitely them to the concerns that motivated them , them Kannon Shanmugam , a partner at the law firm Williams & Connolly who worked with Dreeben at the solicitor general’ ’s office , told the Law360 last year.’ " Weissmann joined Mueller ’s team after taking a leave of absence from his current Mueller’s leading the DOJ ’s criminal fraud unit . He formerly Mueller’s as general counsel to the FBI under Mueller ’s Mueller’s " ’Weissman also headed up the Enron Task Force between 2002 and 2005 , for which he oversaw the Mueller’s of 34 people connected to the collapsed energy company , including chairman Kenneth Lay and CEO Jeffrey Skilling.’ ’He spent 15 years as a federal prosecutor in the eastern district of New York , where he specialized in Mueller’s mafia members and bosses from the Colombo , Gambino , and Genovese families.’ ’"As a fraud and foreign bribery expert , he knows how Mueller’s follow the money . Who knows what they will find , but if there is something to be found , he will find Mueller’s , " Emily Pierce , a former DOJ spokeswoman under the Obama administration , told .’ " Weissman is one of several attorneys in Mueller ’s team that has donated to Democrats , although he does not Weissman to have donated in the 2016 election . He gave $ Weissman , 300 to President Barack Obama ’s 2008 campaign , and $ 2 , 000 to the Democratic National Committee in 2006 , according to CNN ’s review of FEC records . " " Rhee is one of several attorneys to resign from the WilmerHale law firm to join Mueller ’s investigation Mueller’s ’She also has two years of DOJ experience , serving as deputy assistant attorney general under former Attorney General Eric Holder . She advised Holder and ’She administration officials on criminal law issues , as well as criminal procedure and executive issues , according to her biography on .’ ’She As many critics of Mueller ’s investigation have pointed out , Rhee represented Hillary Clinton in a 2015 lawsuit that sought access to her private emails . Rhee also represented the Rhee Foundation in a 2015 racketeering lawsuit . " " Rhee is also one Rhee the members of Mueller ’s team under Mueller’s her political donations , and Rhee doled out more than $ 16 , 000 to Democrats since 2008 , . She maxed out her donations Rhee in 2015 Rhee 2016 to Clinton ’s presidential campaign , giving a total of $ 5 , 400 . Quarles another of Mueller ’s former WilmerHale Mueller Mueller’s left the firm to join the special counsel investigation . " ’Quarles is a    longtime litigator who served as an assistant special prosecutor in the Watergate investigation early in his career   —    experience that gives him a significant edge in the    probe , his to colleagues.’ ’"There is nothing comparable to the kind of pressure and obligation that this kind of job puts on your shoulders , " Richard    one of Watergate’ ’s special prosecutors , .’ ’"Having been there before gives [ Quarles ] the confidence to know how to do it and how to do it right . " ’ " Quarles is also it scrutinized for   to politicians in past years . Although most of the donations went to Democrats   —    including Obama and Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaigns   —    FEC records show he has also donated small amounts to Republicans such Quarles Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz . " " Zebley is a longtime FBI staffer who spent years in the counterterrorism division as a special agent before becoming the agency ’s chief of staff under Mueller ’s leadership . " ’Between FBI stints , Zebley served as assistant US attorney in the national Zebley and terrorism unit . He then moved to the DOJ ’s national security division before eventually joining the   firm in 2014 . He , like Quarles and Rhee , left his He at the firm to work on Mueller He investigation.’ ’Zebley the  firm work at the FBI consisted of grueling , complicated investigations into terrorist groups like Al Qaeda   —    even before    propelled the organization into infamy . Yet in recent years at WilmerHale , his focus has turned to cybersecurity.’ ’A recent profile He   called Zebley a " dogged FBI agent turned prosecutor turned confidant , " noting that the FBI tenacity , history of working alongside Mueller , and a "dogged FBI agent , investigatory experience will be crucial assets moving into the    probe.’ ’ ’ " As the investigation into the Trump campaign ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 