ASHLAND , Ohio   —    Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence reminded an Ohio crowd of around 700 gathered at Ashland University that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has long pushed for a centralized healthcare program in America . [   Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence reminded an Ohio crowd of around 700 gathered at Ashland University of when Clinton said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton before there was Obamacare there was Hillarycare . Clinton has Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of Hillarycare many Hillarycare in her pursuit Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton the presidency . At an Elko , Nevada rally in February she said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton " You know , before it was called Obamacare it was it was called Obamacare Hillarycare , Hillarycare according to NPR . " Obamacare was just a down payment to Hillary Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Pence told the enthusiastic crowd . Enthusiastic rally crowd here for @mike_pence event rallying for    ticket , lots of women for @realDonaldTrump signs # MAGA # Trump pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) October 25 , 2016 ,   He went after Clinton for wanting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton increase the size and scope of government with regulations and raising taxes and said Clinton would n’t Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton bring the same plan for government , but more of the same . He brought up He Wikileaks release of Hillary Clinton campaign Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Podesta ’s emails and a paid speech by Clinton included there . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton excerpts reveal Clinton telling a Canadian Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton that she supports a    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton healthcare system . A New York Times article noted in January that in the    primary election Clinton criticized opponent Sen. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Sanders for having advocated for a "   " Medicare for all " health care system " and called it " budget busting a "  "Medicare for all" health care system" unrealistic . " But still early in the primaries , Clinton shifted and touted Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton before Obamacare was Obamacare , it was Hillarycare . " We share the same goal , universal health care for every single American , " she said comparing her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Sanders’ Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , but qualified it by saying that her plan and Sanders’ plan had a difference on " how to get there . " Her 1993 healthcare plan Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton formulated during her time as first Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to husband and    Bill Clinton , ultimately failed . Pence told the cheering crowd that Trump would repeal and replace Obamacare and bring back American jobs . He spoke of continued Trump increases in Obamacare . " I Obamacare n’t afford it now , " rang out a voice from the crowd .   Pence reminded the crowd Pence when Democratic Party Rep. Nancy Pelosi oversaw the passage of Obamacare during her final Obamacare as Democratic Party Rep. Nancy Pelosi of the House . He recalled her words Trump America Democratic Party Rep. Nancy Pelosi she said , " Democratic Party Rep. Nancy Pelosi ’ve got to pass it to find out her words ’s in it . " Hillary her words ’s own Democratic Party Rep. Nancy Pelosi the former President , even recently called Obamacare and premium increases the " craziest thing . " Pence recalled for the crowd Obama ’s recent comparison of Obamacare to the failed cell Obamacare , the Samsung Note 7 that kept going up in flames . Obama tried to joke that Obama try to fix bugs in cell phones , unless they catch fire , and companies they take them off the companies . companies try to fix bugs in cell phones has used the comparison Pence recent days to say that is exactly what he and Donald Trump are Obama to do , " We ’re gon na pull it off the market   …     the market they were going Pence replace it with he and Donald Trump reform that Pence the    relationship and expands consumer choice and health savings   …     focus on lowering the cost of health insurance , not growing the size of government . We ’re going to meet our healthcare needs with the power of We free market , not the government . " News broke this week out of the Obama administration that Obamacare rates will soar and choices will diminish . Forbes reported on Tuesday that Obamacare rates are set to increase by Obamacare average of 25 percent next year . Not only that , but about 20 percent of Americans will only have one plan available for insurance coverage . Forbes called the 2017 renewal season " Forbes . " The article stated that should a potential President Clinton create the public option , she plans to expand Medicare and Medicaid a potential President Clinton and under a stronger mandate the public option could become the " the public option " The article further lays out the likelihood The article Obamacare " death spiral . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 