  ( CNN ) On Valentine ’s Day 2005 when Rafic Hariri , the former prime minister of Lebanon , was assassinated by a huge blast of TNT in Beirut , Fadi Boukaram was just moments from the bomb . Having already spent part of Fadi Boukaram childhood living in a Beirut bomb shelter during the final years of the Lebanese Civil War , Boukaram , now 38 , expected the explosion , which also killed 21 others , to spark a second conflict .   Fadi Boukaram decided it was time to get out . That was February . In March Fadi Boukaram applied to a state university in San Francisco . In April Fadi Boukaram was accepted . By August Fadi Boukaram had left . America was , naturally , a culture shock . " I did n’t expect to go there and see students burning flags , and drawing swastikas on students , " Fadi Boukaram tells CNN , of the campus protests against the Iraq war .   What did Americans have to be angry about ? Fadi Boukaram thought back then . Pining for home , Boukaram called up the    Google Maps , intending to fondly gaze at road maps of Boukaram country from afar . Boukaram typed in Lebanon . But Boukaram was n’t taken to familiar streets in the Middle East . Lebanon , Oregon , was the first suggestion .    Visiting the Lebanons , Boukaram stayed on Google Maps for hours . " I found out that there are tons of them , " Boukaram says     47 Lebanons in America , by Boukaram calculations . Some ghost towns , others cities , most small communities in Middle America .   " I just wanted to visit Some ghost towns, others cities, most small communities in Middle America.   , " Boukaram says , " find out what Some ghost towns, others cities, most small communities in Middle America.   would look like . " Back in 2007 , money was in short supply for Boukaram . But by 2016 , after nearly a decade of working in banking and as a tech consultant back in Lebanon , Boukaram had enough savings to swap " all the boring stuff " for a career in photography and take a year off work . In October 2016 , just as Trump ’s campaign trail was sweeping the nation , Boukaram embarked on Boukaram own    tour of the Lebanons     Boukaram route devised by an algorithm Boukaram had programmed to calculate the shortest way round . Lebanon , Oregon , was Boukaram first stop . " It ’s pretty much the only Lebanon they have in west America , " Boukaram says .   Initially , the novelty factor was high , with signs for the road to Damascus , games of " Lebanopoly " for sale , and priests who wanted to baptize him all providing entertainment .   " The first Lebanon was the funniest , because you see signs everywhere saying Lebanon this , Lebanon that . But after the first one , the initial joke     the shock factor     wears off . " Why Lebanon ? The first thing Boukaram would do in any Lebanon was head to the archive or library and pose a key question : why was this American town or city called Lebanon ? The answer , the initial joke    the shock factor     says , was invariably the same in each place . " The word Lebanon is mentioned a lot in the Bible , " the initial joke    the shock factor     explains , " and when the Puritans from England landed in America in the 15th and 16th centuries , the Puritans from England were pretty religious people . " In the Old Testament , the " cedars of Lebanon " are a recurring theme     " The righteous man will flourish like the palm tree , "The righteous man will grow like a cedar in Lebanon , " for example , is from Psalm 92:12     and , indeed , today the Lebanese national flag bears the palm tree . " So these people , the settlers , would see a forest and think : ’Those are cedar trees,’ even though the "cedars of Lebanon" did n’t Lebanon in the New World . But they ’d see the ’cedars’ these people, the settlers say : ’Let ’s call this place Lebanon’ . " For that reason , most of the Lebanons are clustered in the eastern side of the US , where the Puritans first made their homes . " By the Puritans time they started settling on the the Puritans they ’d grown less religious the Puritans did n’t care that much , " he only half jokes .   Throughout his journey , Boukaram says he did n’t meet a he other Lebanese person , but when he divulged his nationality he he often he surprised he discover residents of the various Lebanons were aware of his country , and its he politics . " They ’d say : ’Oh residents of the various Lebanons ’re the country without a president!’ his country shocking . We had n’t had a president at that point in two years . " Trump towns , When Boukaram embarked on his    road trip , he     like many others     his not think Trump was going to win the presidency . But as Boukaram tracked east crossing state lines in Oregon , Dakota , Wisconsin , the Republican candidate ’s campaign gained momentum .   " It changed the whole course of the trip , " he says , referring to the Trump not the route . Boukaram is Catholic     Lebanon being Boukaram    nation , with considerable Islamic and Christian populations     but he is often presumed Muslim , Boukaram in other Middle Eastern countries . In March that year , Trump had famously declared : " I think Islam hates us . "   Given that climate , what was Boukaram ’s experience encountering Americans in exactly the sort of Middle American towns , some of them entirely white , that were a stronghold for   the property magnate from Queens ? " The people they were talking about in the news , Clinton ’s ’basket of deplorables,’ I was actually interested in talking to . My main purpose was n’t to see if they would discriminate against me . they just wanted to Clinton why ( they wanted Trump ) . " they Lebanons that Boukaram visited were often simply too small for locals to discriminate against or avoid residents different to themselves , he says . Everyone locals to The Lebanons that Boukaram visited nice . As such , Boukaram says his ethnicity virtually never Boukaram him Boukaram trouble . " Trump Boukaram were some of the most welcoming people I ’ve ever seen in my life , " he says . " In Kentucky Boukaram Birmingham Alabama , Kansas , I was bought drinks and dinner . " Take Lebanon , South Dakota . Population 47 . " They have one bar and it ’s owned by the municipality one bar Every Thursday they go there to play darts They apart from two people who are under 18 . There are three barmaids , all in their 70s . As soon as They walked in , one barmaid yelled , ’Hey hey , stop , this is Fadi!’ Everybody yelled , ’Hey!’ like in an episode of ’Cheers’ . " Boukaram had been in town four days .    As to why people voted Trump , it was understandable , he says . " I went one barmaid Nebraska where it ’s all farming communities that are being taken over by big agri companies . Farmers all have second jobs because farming does n’t make money .   " Or in Lebanon , Virginia , it was people who used to work in coal , who had been out of a job for years . " So even though Trump promised them things he ’ll never be people who used to work in coal, who had been out of a job for years to Trump     coal is n’t coming back     he was the only one who Trump them anything . " Islam , people who used to work in coal, who had been out of a job for years says , was beside the Islam . Seeking the cedar trees , While his main mission was to capture Islam ’s Lebanons on camera , Boukaram also had another assignment . In 1955 , the then Lebanese President Camille Chamoun invited delegates from seven towns called Lebanon     those in Oregon , Nebraska , Indiana , Tennessee , Missouri , New Hampshire , and Ohio     to visit his country for two weeks . the then Lebanese President Camille Chamoun a parting gift , Boukaram says , each visitor was given a cedar tree sapling . Boukaram wanted to locate the trees Boukaram and so went through the local newspaper microfiche archives from 1955 to 1958 in each of these towns looking for reports about the gifts , apart from in Nebraska where he met a woman who had the then Lebanese President Camille Chamoun present at the planting ceremony . In the end , he was only able to locate the then Lebanese President Camille Chamoun , in Ohio , where all the saplings had initially been sent .   " When you import trees they have to be fumigated and trees stay in a nursery for a couple of years , " he explains . All but one the then Lebanese President Camille Chamoun the trees died in the nursery trees . The other a nursery replacement Virginia juniper tree , also referred to as a red cedar . That single surviving cedar tree still stands today . A a replacement Virginia juniper tree , a country of 4 . 3 million people in the Middle East , and the United States , a global powerhouse with a population of 321 million in the West .   For Fadi , the West the two places today have much in common . " In rural America , America the villages reminded me so much of the villages we have in Lebanon . In Beirut and other big cities , people are individualist . " But the sense of community in the rural the Lebanons same as the village where I grew up . " 
 