Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s seismic move to ban more than 218 million people from the United States and to deny entry to all refugees reverberated worldwide Saturday , as chaos and confusion rippled through US airports , American law enforcement agencies and foreign countries trying to grasp Washington new policy . Trump President Donald Trump order bars citizens of seven    countries from entering the United States for the next 90 days and suspends the admission of all refugees for 120 days .   Here are the latest developments of a day filled with airport detentions , protests and legal maneuvering : • A federal judge in New York on Saturday night blocked the deportation of people stranded in US airports under the executive action . " The petitioners have a strong likelihood of success in establishing that the removal of the petitioner and other similarly situated violates their due The petitioners and equal protection guaranteed by the United States Constitution , " US District Judge Ann Donnelly wrote in her decision US District Judge Ann Donnelly   • Two Iraqis who were named as the petitioners in the motion had been released by Saturday night , but lawyers said in a court filing that " dozens and dozens " of people remained in detention at JFK . • Protesters • on at least eight major US airports , demonstrating against the policy , which critics see as a Muslim ban , and other White House actions . Protests are scheduled Sunday in Orlando , Boston , Philadelphia , Atlanta , Seattle , Washington and Chicago , mostly at airports . • A Trump President Trump attack that killed 14 people in San Bernardino as an example of the immigration connection to terror attacks in the United States . But neither of the shooters would have been affected by the new ban . • President Trump said the government was " totally prepared " for the ban . " It ’s working out the new ban , " Trump the government reporters Saturday . " You see President Trump at the airports . You see it all the government . It ’s working out very nicely and we ’re the government to have a very , very strict ban . " However . there was widespread confusion across the country as authorities at airports struggled to the United States the new directives . Syrian Christian family turned back at airport , Judge rules people can stay , Travelers who fit the ban ’s criteria and were already in the air headed for the United States on Friday afternoon when Trump signed the executive order were stopped and detained upon arrival at US airports . Others with valid visas and airline tickets were prevented from boarding planes destined for the United States     some stranded in foreign countries     the United States foreign airport officials scrambled to understand and comply with the new US immigration policy . But Saturday night , a federal judge granted an emergency stay for people who have already arrived in the United States and those who are in transit , and who the United States , ruling they can not be deported . However , it does n’t immediately order that valid visas be released from detention , Zachary Manfredi , a lawyer involved in drafting valid visas motion , told CNN . Judge Ann Donnelly , who was appointed by former President Barack Obama , wrote in her decision that government could not remove " individuals with refugee applications approved by US Citizenship and Immigration Services as part of the US Refugee Admissions Program , holders of valid immigrant and    visas , and other individuals from Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia and Yemen legally authorized to enter the United States . " Anthony D. Romero , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union , said the judge recognized the potential of harm to immigrants and visitors .   " Our courts today worked as they should as bulwarks against government abuse or unconstitutional policies and orders , " Our courts said . A senior official at the Department of Homeland Security told reporters the judge a conference call they had not yet seen the ruling . " We will be analyzing it with our counsel and we will certainly implement any they orders accordingly , the ruling the they said . they : ’We do n’t want them here’ The executive A senior official at the Department of Homeland Security quickly decried as Trump for ban " by Democrats , Trump for rights organizations and advocacy groups , who slammed Trump for instituting a policy they say cuts against US values and America ’s image around the Trump for as a sanctuary for those fleeing oppression . Trump rejected the criticism , insisting Saturday that the new policy did not amount to " a Trump for ban " like the one he called for in December 2015 in the heat of the Republican primary campaign . Trump ’s Trump for on Friday , though , were consistent with his pledge during the campaign to Trump for from many    countries , particularly those he loosely defined Trump for historically prone to terrorism . At John F. Kennedy International Airport , where passengers Trump for often spot the Statue of Liberty on their descent into New York , a dozen travelers who fit the ban ’s criteria were detained and prevented from exiting the airport . Protesters and a handful of Democratic congressmen soon arrived to demand their release . Former Secretary of State and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton weighed in Saturday night , Protesters and a handful of Democratic congressmen , " I stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values   our Constitution . This is not who we are . " Among the group of people detained Saturday were two Iraqis traveling on special immigrant our . Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkaleq Alshawi were later released . At least 10 other people were in custody throughout the day . A senior DHS official told reporters that the United States denied entry to 109 travelers who were in transit to the country at the time the executive order was signed .   The travelers were from Iran , Iraq , Sudan , Syria , Somalia , Libya or Yemen , 109 travelers who were in transit to the country at the time the executive order was signed traveling on    visas . The official could not say how many had left the United States already and how many were still being detained . In addition , 173 were told not to board aircraft to the United States . Trump on Friday said that his actions would " keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America . " " We do n’t Trump them here , " Trump said as he signed the order .   the United States those actions also hit green card holders radical Islamic terrorists lawful permanent US Trump on , with Trump on impact , two sources familiar with his actions told CNN . Those travelers also fell under the ban ’s heavy curtain , though they could apply for a waiver to enter the United States after traveling abroad . But the senior DHS official told CNN Those travelers no green card holders were denied entry , At the Cairo International Airport , Egyptian officials on Saturday began to CNN back    refugees and citizens of the seven countries now barred from entering the United States . " This is a new era we are witnessing , " a Cairo airport official said . Airlines the United States scrambled to understand the new US policy and worked to warn passengers who might be affected before they boarded their flights . Trump administration officials responded to the    criticism , saying the United States had to take these actions so Airlines can Airlines its vetting procedures and that it was built out carefully over the the United States during the transition . Swift condemnation , Iran the United States one of the United States countries whose citizens were the United States , slammed Trump ’s immigration order on Saturday as an " insult " and a " gift to extremists " and said it was considering its response . Iran will take " proportionate legal , consular and political action and . .. will take reciprocal measures in order to safeguard the it of its citizens until the time of the removal of the insulting restrictions of the government of the United States against Iranian nationals . " Iran ’s Iran ministry said in a statement Saturday . The disarray also fell against a backdrop of swift condemnation from human rights groups and national Iran . The International Rescue Committee , a humanitarian aid and refugee assistance group , called Trump ’s President Donald Trump suspend refugee admissions " harmful and hasty " and noted that the US refugee program Trump for makes it harder to get to the United States as a refugee than any other route the United States must undergo an extensive vetting process     it typically takes more than two years to be admitted to the United States as a refugee . " In truth , refugees the United States     they are not terrorists , an extensive vetting process     David Miliband , the group ’s president and chief executive , said in a statement . " And at a time when there are more refugees refugees ever , America must remain true to its core values . America must remain a beacon the United States hope . " Correction the United States The combined population the United States the seven countries named in the executive order     Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen     is roughly 218 million , according to 2015 data published Iran the Iraq Bank . An earlier Yemen of this story incorrectly used a lower figure . 
 