Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) Pakistan has named a new army chief as Pakistan faces a host of complex issues , from potential war with India , terrorism , and Donald Trump .   Lt . Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa will succeed popular Gen. Raheel Sharif this week , as Sharif steps down after three years in the Pakistan top military role .    While Sharif is Sharif with improving the country Pakistan in recent years , the     Bajwa Lt. Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa a host of thorny issues .   Kashmir , Thousands of people in    Kashmir have been forced to Kashmir their homes in recent weeks Kashmir, Thousands of people in   Kashmir increasing violence along the border with India . India and Pakistan have been India over Kashmir for almost seven decades Kashmir but tensions have reached a boiling point this year , after armed militants attacked an Indian army base and two Pakistani soldiers were killed in clashes with Indian troops .   Last Indian ,    shelling hit a passenger bus and killed at least nine people in    Kashmir , in what Kashmir Kashmir Nawaz Sharif described as " naked aggression . "   Rhetoric on both sides of the border has sparked concern that the two countries could go to war .   Tensions with India are a " major challenge that the military and country faces , " retired Lt . Gen. Talat Masood told CNN .   Nevertheless , Bajwa ’s appointment provides Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi an opportunity to " recalibrate and reset ( India ’s ) policy towards Kashmir India , " Masood said .   Rifaat Hussain , retired Lt. Gen. Talat Masood professor of public policy at Pakistan ’s National University of Science and Pakistan , said Bajwa has " extensive experience of handling Kashmir . "   " He comes Kashmir this job battle hardened ,    with Kashmir , " he said . " Kashmir is going He be the main focus . "   Terrorism , Despite the increased tensions with India , Pakistani newspaper Dawn reported that Bajwa " is said to consider extremism Bajwa bigger threat for the country . "   The country India a number of major India this year , including a bombing in Lahore over Easter that left more than 70 people dead and hundreds injured .   That attack was carried out by a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban , or TTP , which itself has been responsible for a number of horrific attacks .   " Although the situation has improved in relative terms . .. the fight is not over , " Masood said . " This needs serious attention . "   Ensuring that " violent and extremist forces in the country are marginalized " will be a major challenge facing Bajwa , according to Hussain .   CPEC , Related to the terrorism issue is the matter of security for projects related to the    economic corridor , or CPEC , a key development project worth billions to Pakistan .   Projects in southwestern Balochistan province have been targeted by terrorists . Last month , suicide bombers killed more than 60 people and injured 110 more . " The army is very clear in its aim to go out of its way to The army the safety of Chinese workers The army quash any rebel and militant attacks , " said Hussain .   " The military is a vital stakeholder in the implementation of CPEC . "   Islamabad   In a country that has experienced three coups and spent decades under military rule , the relationship between the army and the government will always be a slightly tense one .   Current Prime Minister Sharif was himself ousted in a coup in 1999 during his Current Prime Minister Sharif stint in power . He was    Current Prime Minister Sharif 2013 .   " Bajwa Current Prime Minister Sharif likely to give more space to the civilian ( government ) than his predecessor , the government " He realizes that it Current Prime Minister Sharif important for Pakistan ’s civilian government to Current Prime Minister Sharif itself on an international scale for the good of the country as Pakistan’s civilian government whole . "   Hussain pointed out that Pakistan found himself in the unique position of choosing five of the country ’s top Hussain commanders , including Pervez Musharraf , the general Pakistan the 1999 coup . Trump , One major factor Bajwa will have to deal with that his predecessor did not , is Donald Trump .   The US    has Hussain his administration will be " best friends " with India , a remark that Hussain slight consternation in Pakistan , though a key adviser to Sharif said Islamabad was unconcerned .   Trump ’s national security adviser Michael Flynn is another matter . He has previously Donald Trump the US to overthrow regimes that are " Islamic republics Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn " which could be The US    include Pakistan .   "   military relations to a great extent will depend on the situation Pakistan Afghanistan , " military analyst Hasan Askari Rizvi said .   Trump has cited Pakistan ’s nuclear arsenal as a reason to keep US troops in Donald Trump . But analysts Pakistan that if    relations are to stay strong ,    efforts Afghanistan Pakistan will have to increase . " The American government complains that Pakistan    not dealing Pakistan militant groups within its borders , " said Rizvi .   Pakistan groups " have been a bone of The American government for relations between Pakistan and the United States , " Masood said . 
 Pakistan 