Sanctuary cities and other jurisdictions will now have to choose between protecting illegal aliens and receiving federal law enforcement grants thanks to the work of a Texas congressman . [ Texas Representative John Culberson ( ) used [Texas Representative John Culberson ( ) position as chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , and Science , and the congressional power of the purse , to force the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) to enforce existing law . [Texas Representative John Culberson ( ) announced in February an agreement with outgoing Attorney General Loretta Lynch to block federal law enforcement grants to jurisdictions with sanctuary policies , Breitbart Texas reported . Since that time , Breitbart Texas has been working with the Department of Justice (DOJ) officials to certify the    jurisdictions whose state and local law enforcement agencies are not cooperating with immigration officials .   Citing his committee Breitbart Texas power over the Department of Justice (DOJ) budget , Culberson stated in February Breitbart Texas Any refusal by the Department to comply with these reasonable and timely requests will factor heavily in my consideration of their 2017 budget requests these reasonable and timely requests and whether or not I will include language in the fiscal year 2017 CJS appropriations bill prohibiting the award of law enforcement grants to jurisdictions that harbor illegal aliens . I will include language in this year ’s bill requiring the DOJ to amend the application process for Byrne JAG , COPS , and SCAAP grants so that grantees must certify under oath that they are in compliance grantees section 1373 of title 8 of the United States Code . The law was passed in 1996 during the administration of President Bill Clinton to force local and state jurisdictions to cooperate with immigration officials or risk losing federal funding . Part of the process requires the federal agency ’s office of inspector general to certify that a jurisdiction is not in compliance in order to block funding . " The law requires cooperation The law officials 100 percent of the time , " Culberson told Breitbart Texas in an exclusive interview . In February , Culberson provided Attorney General Lynch Culberson a list of more than 300 sanctuary cities compiled by the Center for Immigration Studies . From that list , the Department a list of more than 300 sanctuary cities compiled by the Center for Immigration Studies ’s Office of Inspector General compiled a    list of sanctuary jurisdictions . Those jurisdictions receive about 65 percent a   list of sanctuary jurisdictions law enforcement grants managed by the DOJ he said . Those jurisdictions include the entire states of a   list of sanctuary jurisdictions Connecticut Orleans Parish in Louisiana   New York City Philadelphia Cook County , Illinois    County , Florida Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Clark County , Nevada . These jurisdictions have received more than $ 342 Florida Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Clark County, Nevada federal payments . The    report from the inspector general ’s office was completed in May 2016 , but was initially marked as " Law Enforcement Sensitive , " Culberson told Breitbart Texas . This marking prevented making the information public . Since that time , he used his power over the agency ’s budget the inspector general force the inspector general inspector general to remove the classification . This the inspector general last week , the congressman said . He stated that the DOJ has notified the inspector general that unless they the inspector general 100 percent compliant with the law , they will not these jurisdictions eligible to receive these grants for the next these jurisdictions year . The grant process begins in January 2017 , Culberson explained . " The applications are taken in February and March and the awards are announced early in the summer months , " he stated . While the law was passed in 1996 , it Culberson Culberson ’s actions the law the DOJ to finally enforce the the law for Culberson time in July 2016 . " I had the law on their ‘ air hose,’ " Culberson explained referring to Congress’ power to cut a federal agencies’ funds . " For Culberson on the    list , it is done . " " The critical steps have already been taken , " Chairman Culberson stated . " President Trump and Attorney General Sessions will , on day " Culberson be able to strip the funding from these sanctuary jurisdictions simply by enforcing existing law . " Culberson said the action taken by the DOJ sets a precedent that can be used by " Culberson agencies to cut funding to sanctuary cities and other similar   jurisdictions . " The days of receiving federal money while protecting illegal aliens are over , " he said . In addition to blocking future federal grants , the incoming administration can use " Culberson same law to recover funds that have already been paid to these jurisdictions , the congressman explained . " This means , the State of California could be forced to " Culberson more than $ 3 billion in grants received over the past 10 years , " he told Breitbart Texas . " I have encouraged the chairmen of other appropriations committees to take " Culberson same actions in their areas of jurisdiction , " Culberson said . " The timing on this action by the the chairmen of other appropriations committees is perfect . The new " Culberson can go right to work to force these jurisdictions to comply or simply choose to stop receiving federal money . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Breitbart Texas . " Culberson OIG Sanctuary Cities Memo by Bob Price on Breitbart Texas , 
 " Culberson Bob Price 