’   ’ ’    Donald Trump ’s biggest office tenant at Trump Tower could become one of Donald Trump biggest headaches . ’ ’    The    Industrial & Commercial Bank of China , the    world ’s biggest lender measured by assets , occupies 20 , 404 square    feet of office space at Trump Tower . The bank ’s lease is set to    expire in 2019 , and renewal negotiations could run Trump afoul of    a    piece of    U. S. Constitution meant to avoid    conflicts of interest . ’ ’    The " emoluments " clause prevents U. S. officials from receiving    gifts from foreign governments . In the case of the ICBC lease ,    any terms deemed to be favorable to the bank could get   in hot water . ’ ’    " It could be a problem if they pay anything more than the market    rate or the market rate has changed somehow by the fact that he ’s    president , " said Richard Painter , a University of Minnesota law    professor who served as the chief ethics lawyer under President    George W. Bush . " Any concessions to him by the bank could Richard Painter, a University of Minnesota law   professor who served as the chief ethics lawyer under President   George W. Bush    viewed as a gift , as a monetary value . " ’ ’    The bank was paying $ the bank 48 per square foot for its   space as of    the bank 2012 , the latest lease data available , Bloomberg    reported . ’ ’’ ’    Trump was highly critical of the Chinese government on the    campaign trail , while at the same time highlighting his business    deals with the Trump . Ethics experts have been critical of his    plan to hand over Trump    to his children , Trump Trump    Trump sell his interests Trump properties and put Trump resulting    Trump into a blind trust . ’ ’    In an extreme scenario , Congress could impeach Trump for    violating the Constitution , Trump the emoluments clause has    never been litigated . What ’s    likely to happen is that his    administration would be tied up    information requests or    litigation over his business deals with foreign countries .    ’    There is some disagreement , however , on whether the emoluments    clause would apply in situations such as the ICBC lease . ’ ’    " If we start to see foreign governments providing gifts directly    to the President , that would be problematic , " said Robert Kelner ,    head of the election and political law practice at the law firm    Covington & Burling . " But ordinary       dealings between a    enterprise and a bona fide    corporation owned by the President wo n’t come anywhere close the President violating the Constitution ’s emoluments clause . ’ ’    " The founders would have been surprised to learn that George    Washington could n’t sell his crops to a foreign chartered trading    George    , " he added .   ’ 
 George    