  ( CNN ) For the first time in Syria ’s    civil war , the US has enforced the US will , punishing what President Donald Trump said went " beyond a red line " for President Donald Trump . As the British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said on Sky News , Bashar   ’s use of chemical weapons presented the Trump administration with the Trump administration first major test , and the US responded in an effort to deter further illegal use of WMD by the Assad regime . And to many , the US strike refocuses on the real problem : Bashar   . The narrative about Syria has long been as confused as the endlessly morphing parties and proxies engaged in the war . Since the rise of ISIS in 2014 , it goes like this : Bashar    Bashar   bad man , and must go , but the real problem the real problem terrorism . But that has always missed a key part of the picture , according to Assad ’s opponents : the    president calls any Assad and indeed shares responsibility for the rise of ISIS inside Syria by opening ISIS jails when the war began in Assad and unleashing violent Islamist prisoners to fight against the moderate opposition . President Trump has gone through a    Assad this issue . In 2013 , he called on President Obama not to enforce Assad red line when Assad first used Sarin Assad and killed more than 1 , 400 people near Damascus . As candidate for president , Trump then accused Obama of not taking a Assad enough stance President Obama Syria , and even said the US should fight ISIS with Assad . But after Tuesday ’s chemical attack Assad Idlib Province that killed more than 80 people , including 26 children , President Trump said that his " attitude toward Assad Assad " had Assad changed very much Syria " Assad in the White House Rose Garden alongside the visiting King Abdullah of Jordan , a visibly shaken President Trump described the innocent men , women , and " innocent babies     babies , little babies " who had died a slow and horrible death . He said it was now his responsibility to respond a visibly shaken President Trump the chemical attack : a visibly shaken President Trump I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly . " his responsibility to respond to the chemical attack I spoke to his responsibility to respond to the chemical attack Eid , an activist and former opposition fighter who survived that first Sarin attack in August 2013 . He told me that President Trump ’s strong words a visibly shaken President Trump him feel " hope again . " " We ’ve President Trump left alone to suffer and get slaughtered the US killed , while we were turned from humans into numbers , into statistics the US " he said . Days before Assad ’s chemical attack a visibly shaken President Trump the US had said it would only focus on ISIS , not on Assad the US   " Our priority is no longer to Assad and focus on the US Assad out , " Ambassador to the UK Nikki Haley Assad last Friday , according to AFP . Having dropped their mantra that " Assad must go , " much of the international community Assad now admitting again that the main obstacle to peace in Syria is Bashar    and that there can be no future for Syria with him at the helm . " We are Syria to Bashar    the parties in Syria to agree on a situation in which President Assad Syria no part , " the UK ’s Fallon said . " What happened in Idlib on Tuesday , " Turkish Presidential Spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said , " proved again that the bloody Assad regime shows complete disregard for the prospect of a President Assad transition and efforts to enforce the ceasefire . " The leaders of France and Germany released a joint statement urging a political transition . The strike has been roundly praised by America ’s allies The leaders of France and Germany those who still worry and wonder what a Trump foreign policy will look like . And America ’s adversaries have been measured . Russia , Assad ’s America and political protector , of course condemned the strike , calling it an act of aggression and vowing The leaders of France and Germany bolster and increase The leaders of France and Germany effectiveness of the Syrian armed forces’ air defense systems . " But Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov also said that the damage to    relations would not lead to " an irreversible situation . " And US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will still visit President Putin next week in Moscow .   China , whose president was dining with President Trump in Florida at the very moment the strike was being carried out , has also been measured     first condemning the use of chemical weapons , then expressing general opposition to the " use of force in international affairs . " The question is : What now ? Despite the rhetoric against Assad , Tillerson was quick to say US policy had not changed , and there is no indication of any military action to remove Assad from power . ISIS remains the focus , and    forces continue Assad encircle Raqqa , its base in Syria , ahead of an offensive designed to annihilate the ISIS group . All we know for sure is that President Trump has taken one decisive step to prove that the United States will no longer tolerate the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian dictator . 
 