WASHINGTON   —    " Busy day planned in New York , "    Donald J. Trump said on Twitter on Friday morning , two days after   Donald J. Trump astonishing victory . " Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government ! " If anything , that understates the gravity of the personnel choices Mr. Trump and the personnel choices Mr. Trump transition team are weighing . Rarely in the history of the American presidency has the exercise of choosing people to fill jobs had such a    impact on the nature and priorities of an incoming administration . Unlike most new presidents , Trump comes into office with no    experience , no coherent political agenda and no bulging binder of policy proposals . And he Trump left a trail of inflammatory , often contradictory , statements on issues from immigration and race to terrorism and geopolitics . In such a chaotic environment , serving a president who is in many ways a tabula rasa , the appointees to key White House jobs like chief of staff and cabinet posts like secretary of state , defense secretary and Treasury secretary could wield outsize influence . Their selection will help determine whether the Trump administration governs like the firebrand Mr. Trump was on the campaign trail or the pragmatist he Mr. Trump appears to be behind closed doors . " A new president is really vulnerable and open to all sorts of influence by    advisers , " said Robert Dallek , a presidential historian . " Trump Mr. Trump appointments over the next six weeks will be very significant because they Trump’s appointments over the next six weeks show whether he Mr. Trump to create some unity in the country , or whether he Mr. Trump intends to deliver on his Mr. Trump . " One of the influences on Mr. Mr. Trump come from an unlikely quarter : President Obama . Meeting in the Oval Office on Thursday , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump looked forward Mr. Trump to dealing with the president in the future , including counsel . " A day later , in interviews with The Wall Street Journal and " 60 Minutes , ’’ he said he Mr. Trump decided Mr. Trump retain elements of Mr. Obama ’s landmark health care law after their conversation   —    a hint , at least , that he might govern Mr. Trump radically than he had campaigned Mr. Trump White House officials expressed hope that Mr. Obama would Mr. Obama’s to impress on Mr. Trump the importance of other parts of his legacy , like Mr. Obama’s Paris climate accord and the Iran nuclear deal . The two will have the kind of     relationship that only fellow presidents can have   —    something that administration officials hope will appeal to Mr. Trump ’s pride Mr. Trump as his desire to succeed , and Mr. Trump him view Mr. Obama less as Mr. Trump rival . They conceded , though , that there was little historical precedent for such a relationship , especially when the incoming president had ousted the incumbent ’s party after such an acrid campaign , and that Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama were Mr. Trump Mr. Trump is drawing mainly from a pool of trusted aides and supporters , according to people familiar with the campaign . On Friday , he named three of his grown children   —    Ivanka Mr. Trump Donald Jr. and Mr. Trump   —    as well as his     Jared Kushner , to his transition team , an Mr. Trump that rang alarm bells in Mr. Trump because they will also manage his businesses . The Trump family , alarm bells in Washington is clear , Mr. Trump wield unusual power in the composition of an administration that is already shaping up as remarkable for its clannishness . Even within Mr. Trump ’s tight circle , it , there are sharp differences in ideology , background and temperament that could play out in how the White House deals with Congress and how the United States deals with the rest of the world . Perhaps the deepest schism is between Stephen K. Bannon , the conservative provocateur and media entrepreneur who was Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , and Reince Priebus , the Mr. Trump’s who came to terms with Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . Both are on a short list for chief Mr. Trump’s according to people close to the campaign , and whoever is chosen , the other is likely to get another senior White House post . Each would bring a radically different approach to a job often called the    powerful in Washington   —    gatekeeper to the president and often the first and last person he sees in the Oval Office . Mr. Bannon , the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News and onetime Goldman Mr. Bannon bomb thrower with ties to the    movement , Mr. Bannon may have little interest in compromising with the    Congress under its current leadership . He is an unabashed critic of the current immigration system and repeatedly encouraged Mr. Trump to appeal to the party ’s base in the closing days of the   Congress campaign with arguments Mr. Bannon globalization . Mr. Priebus , a party loyalist who tried to reconcile Republican leaders with their renegade nominee , would most likely build bridges to Mr. Ryan and other Republican leaders . A Washington insider with a reputation for being easy to work with , Mr. Republican leaders would operate a more traditional White House , though given Mr. Trump ’s flamboyant personality , traditional is a relative term . In some ways , Mr. Bannon and Mr. Priebus are proxies for the larger battle over what kind of president Mr. Trump will be . Some former Republican officials held out hope that Mr. Trump would be receptive Mr. Priebus influences , but others worried that he would simply listen to Mr. Trump’s he spoke to . " You always have that tension between what he Mr. Trump’s get elected and what he actually believes , " said John D. Mr. Trump’s , a former director of national intelligence Mr. Trump’s President George W. Bush . " How selective will his amnesia Mr. Trump’s ? " Mr. Negroponte , a Mr. Trump’s who supported Hillary Clinton in the campaign , said he could imagine senior members of Mr. Trump ’s National Security Council warning him about the Mr. Trump’s of " cutting loose John D. Negroponte, a former director of national intelligence under President George W. Bush the campaign to do in reference to Japan and South Korea . But John D. Negroponte, a former director of national intelligence under President George W. Bush could be a parallel battle for Mr. Trump ’s soul in foreign Mr. Trump . Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , a retired career intelligence officer who is Mr. Trump ’s closest    adviser , is a candidate for national security adviser , according to an internal transition document obtained by the conservative Mr. Trump Daily Caller , as is Stephen J. Hadley , who served in that capacity for Mr. Bush . Mr. Hadley , Mr. Trump also be considered for defense secretary , pushed Mr. Bush to undertake the troop surge in Iraq and is closely identified with the military interventionism of that administration . A key Mr. Hadley Mr. Bush ’s second inaugural address , in which he called for the United States to be an evangelist in spreading democracy   —    something Mr. Bush has flatly rejected . General Flynn , a registered Democrat , has criticized the neoconservative policies of the Bush administration for leading the United States into quagmires like Iraq . " They ’ve gotten us Mr. Bush after mess for the wrong reasons , " Mr. Bush said , echoing Mr. Trump ’s harsh criticism of Mr. Bush during the Republican debates . And like Mr. Trump , General Flynn is withering about the    establishment of both parties . It may seem counterintuitive for Mr. Trump the United States Bush administration veteran . But Peter D. Feaver , who worked on President Bush ’s national security council and now teaches at General Flynn, a registered Democrat University , pointed Mr. Trump Mr. Obama had campaigned " Bush the Iraq surge , and then asked Mr. Trump of the surge "   —    Robert M. Gates   —    " to stay . " Mr. Mr. Trump as defense secretary , later Bush Mr. Obama to deploy a similar surge in Afghanistan . " You can say one thing in campaigns , and mean it , " Mr. Feaver said , " and in personnel matters , do the opposite . " The contest for top economic posts does not expose the same ideological fault lines as those for the White House or national security jobs . But it does raise red flags Mr. Obama Street sentiment that Mr. Trump stoked Mr. Trump campaign . Several of the candidates on his short list for the campaign come from Wall Street , including Steven Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs partner who was the finance chairman of Mr. Trump ’s campaign , and Jamie Dimon , the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase . People Mr. Trump’s Dimon said he was not interested in The contest for top economic posts job . Another candidate is a conservative Texas congressman , Jeb Hensarling , who has called for the repeal the    Act , the banking regulations passed after the financial crisis , during Mr. Obama ’s first term Mr. Obama’s predictable source of influence on Mr. Trump remains Mr. Mr. Trump For all their differences , and the bitter words they flung at each other during the campaign , the two share traits Mr. Dimon Both won the presidency as outsiders , and the campaign their party ’s    establishment in contempt . With Mr. Trump lacking    experience Mr. Trump political coterie that accompanies establishment candidates to Washington , administration officials said Mr. Obama would probably spend more time with him than was typical Mr. Obama Washington and outgoing presidents . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama , some outsiders predicted Mr. Trump respect the advice of a their 15 years younger , whose path to the White House was nearly as their as his . " If you ’re their Mr. Trump their from a hiring point of view , as Trump does , the White House done Mr. Trump he wanted , " Douglas Brinkley , a professor Mr. Obama history at Rice University Mr. Obama said in reference to Mr. Obama ’s career options . " That has to Mr. Obama’s " 
 Mr. Trump Duke University 