Washington ( CNN ) To close out the first work week of 2017 , GOP hand wringing and another POTUS exit interview lead the way . Two more Republican senators in the last 24 hours are sounding the alarm that repealing Obamacare without a replacement plan in place may not be good for the health of GOP . .. much less the country . But will it stop them Two more Republican senators in the last 24 hours voting for a repeal ? That may be a step too far . Meanwhile , President Barack Obama says he President Barack Obama ready to give Republicans credit and offer his President Barack Obama support if his President Barack Obama rivals prescribe a better health care program . Obamacare , Sens . Corker and Cotton are the latest GOPers to warn against repeal without replace . Here ’s a wrap of the GOP ’s early stumbling blocks on repeal . With a narrow    majority , and potential defections from Rand Paul , Lisa Murkowski , and Susan Collins , Republicans need Cotton Cotton board to pass the repeal Obama sat down with Vox to discuss Obamacare and challenged the the GOP’s spell out its alternative the GOP’s He said he Obama willing Obama support a good plan .   Republican leaders are pushing hard to defund Planned Parenthood , but the move might hurt their efforts to Republican leaders Obamacare . Planned Obamacare also Planned Parenthood , 739 petitions to Speaker Ryan ’s office opposing the move , while the move Senators sent a letter to Ryan urging him to " Ryan ’harmful Ryan partisan’ path toward defunding Planned Parenthood . " A Donald    Obamacare enrollee in Florida shares his worries with CNN ’s A Donald   Obamacare enrollee in Florida Gupta . A new Kaiser Family Foundation poll shows Americans are split over whether Trump can deliver on his promises of better and A Donald   Obamacare enrollee in Florida affordable healthcare .   A new study released Thursday shows that repealing Obamacare could ultimately cost 3 million jobs .   Immigration    Several developments today . .. Trump took to Twitter insisting Trump will pay for the wall later , but did not reveal how that will happen . Asked about Mexico paying for it , Mexico Orrin Hatch told CNN ’s Manu Raju late Friday , " I doubt that they ’re going to pay for it . " A number of immigration activist groups have called for a " National Day of Action " on January 14 to protest potential Trump immigration policies . They plan on holding demonstrations A number of immigration activist groups 20 states plus DC . The Wall Street Journal reports on conservative immigrations groups pressuring Trump to create an immigration position for    Kris Kobach . Congress seems ready to overhaul the    program to crack down on abuse .      Bloomberg profiled an obscure and very conservative group , the Institute for Energy Research , which was founded by a former Enron exec , and its advocacy arm the American Bloomberg Alliance , which is led by a former Koch Industries lobbyist , that has taken an outsized role in shaping Trump ’s environmental and energy policies .    Infrastructure   New Republican Study Committee Chairman , Mark Walker ( ) told CSPAN that Congress will not grant Trump a blank check for his infrastructure plan , The Trump reports .    Taxes   According to the CBO , tax breaks cost the U. S. at least $ 1 . 5 trillion in potential revenue in 2016 .    LOOKING AHEAD TO A VERY BUSY WEEK , MONDAY     OBAMACARE     HHS Secy . Burwell will give a speech at the National Press Club in which she will " focus on Burwell main tenets of health care reform and will address the consequences for the American people of undoing the progress that ’s been made . "    TUESDAY      Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions kicks off confirmation hearings . He is one of the TUESDAY     Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions cabinet picks that Democrats have targeted . At 9 pm , President Obama delivers his farewell address at McCormick President Obama in Chicago . He is likely to tout President Obama and possibly deliver warnings about changes on some of these issues . Tune into CNN for live , primetime coverage .    WEDNESDAY     INFRASTRUCTURE AND EVERYTHING     Trump is supposed to hold his first formal press conference Trump the election . Many of these policy issues are sure to come up , and it will be interesting to hear Trump answer these questions as Trump . Also , among six nomination hearings that day is Transportation nominee Elaine Chao at 10:15am where we can expect some infrastructure discussion .  
 