Charlotte , North Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Thursday shelved Donald Trump guiding mantra     never back down , never apologize     and did what Donald Trump has refused to do in public in more than a year of campaigning . Donald Trump expressed regret . Trump , reading from prepared remarks Thursday night , acknowledged that Donald Trump sometimes says " the wrong thing " in an astonishing act of contrition that signaled Donald Trump willingness to break from his Donald Trump brashness and    style that carried him Donald Trump victory in the Republican primaries , but risks dooming him Donald Trump the general election . " Sometimes , in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues , you do n’t choose the right words or you say the wrong thing . I have done that . And believe it or not , I regret it it And I do regret it it particularly where it it have caused personal pain . Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues , " Trump told supporters here . He Trump : " But one thing I can promise you is this : I will always tell you the truth . " The real estate mogul did not say which of his Trump controversial statements he Trump .   Trump Trump came on the heels of recent controversies that ranged from feuding with the parents of a slain    soldier to suggesting " Second Amendment people " could act to stop Hillary Clinton from appointing a liberal Supreme Court . Trump ’s Trump of regret also followed his decision earlier Trump week to shake up his campaign leadership Trump installing a new campaign manager and bringing on a campaign CEO . A senior Trump adviser told Trump the speech was only just written in recent days , suggesting the influence of Trump ’s fresh Trump of top advisers . Meet the woman tapped to help save Trump ’s campaign Trump ’s campaign shakeup Trump bringing on the head of the controversial ,    Breitbart News     was widely considered a return to the " let Trump be Trump " mantra Trump guided Trump ’s campaign to victory Trump Republican primaries . Trump ’s new campaign manager , Trump , suggested in her first days on the job that Trump favored that strategy , but that Trump would also seek to " sharpen Trump Trump ’s campaign message , in part Trump speeches like Trump delivered on Thursday . " We ’re Trump to make sure Donald Trump is comfortable about being in his Trump , that he does n’t lose Trump authenticity that you simply Trump n’t buy and a pollster ca n’t give you . And voters know if you ’re comfortable in your own skin , " she told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Trump " Thursday morning .   " And let him be him in this sense : He wants Alisyn Camerota deliver Alisyn Camerota speech , if he Alisyn Camerota to go to a rally , if Alisyn Camerota wants to connect with the crowd in a Alisyn Camerota that ’s very spontaneous , that ’s wonderful . And that ’s how he got here , " Conway continued , adding Alisyn Camerota " But at the Alisyn Camerota time , we have some really serious , pressing problems in this country that I ’m hoping will start to be addressed more by the media . " While Trump ’s remarks Thursday marked a seismic change in the brash billionaire ’s style , it is still not clear whether the change was the mark of a lasting shift a seismic change in the brash billionaire’s style and tone . Trump has repeatedly hinted at striking a more inclusive Trump presidential tone , but has also said time and again that he does not want to " change " or Trump pivot . " " I am who I am . It ’s me . I do n’t want to change . Everyone talks about , ’Oh are you going to pivot?’ I do n’t want to pivot . You have to be you . If you start pivoting you are not being honest with people , " Trump told local Wisconsin station WKDT this week . Trump Clinton campaign immediately expressed doubt over the sincerity of Trump ’s contrition , calling it " teleprompter regret Trump pressed Trump to go further the sincerity of Trump’s contrition " Donald Trump literally started Trump campaign by insulting people . Trump continued to do Trump The Clinton campaign of the 428 Trump from then until now , without shame or regret , " Clinton spokeswoman Christina Reynolds said in a statement . " We learned tonight that his speechwriter and teleprompter knows he has much for which he Trump apologize . But that Trump tonight is simply a Trump phrase until he tells us which of his many offensive , bullying and Trump comments he regrets     Trump changes his tune altogether . " Outreach Trump    Trump also sought Trump use his speech Thursday to appeal to    voters , an important voting bloc Outreach to   Trump the battleground state of North Carolina . Reading from a teleprompter , the businessman vowed as president to address the poverty and unemployment that has disproportionally affected    communities and urged black voters to " give Donald Trump a chance . " " The result for them will be   Trump " he said . " What do you have the poverty and unemployment that has disproportionally affected   communities and urged black voters to "give Donald Trump a chance lose by trying something new the businessman " A sharp turn , Trump ’s expressed regrets mark a sharp turn from his strategy of admitting no   Trump going back to the start of his campaign the businessman months ago . When asked in interviews about specific instances where others the businessman taken offense , Trump has always pushed back hard . Asked in May whether he regretted denigrating Arizona   Trump John McCain ’s      years as a prisoner of war   Trump Vietnam last summer     " I like people that were n’t captured , " he said     Trump declined .   " I like not to regret anything ,   Trump Trump told   Trump host Don Imus nearly a year later . " You do things   Trump you say things . And what I said , frankly , is what I said . And you know some people like what I said , if you want to know the truth . Many people like what I said . You know after I said that , my poll numbers went what I said . " The Republican took a similar approach after skirmishes broke out in March at a rally of his in Chicago , which was postponed for safety reasons .   Trump told CNN ’s Don Trump he had no regrets . Most recently , Trump said he would n’t change anything about his Trump to Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the Trump of Trump slain    soldier . " Trump do n’t regret anything , " Trump told Washington , D. C. television station WJLA earlier this month . He pushed back against Trump couple for taking the stage at the Democratic National Convention and questioning Trump Trump know what " sacrifice " meant . " I said nice things about the son and Trump feel that very strongly , but of course I was hit very hard from the stage and you know it ’s just one of those things . But no , I do n’t regret anything . " Trump did , however , acknowledge to The New York Times’ Maureen Dowd in April that retweeting Trump unflattering photo of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ’s wife , Heidi , was " a mistake . " " If I had to do it again , I would n’t have sent it , " Trump said . 
 Trump it 