At 2:30 p. m. on Thursday , Representative Maxine Waters was on the floor of the House of Representatives , arguing for the importance of the Securities and Exchange Commission . " At this time , " Ms. Waters , Democrat of California , said , " with a bill that would basically take our cop on the block , the S. E. C. and literally obliterate   —    —   " Alas , politics junkies , news editors and anyone else who was watching the broadcast online did not learn how that sentence ended . Ms. Waters was cut off . Instead , they heard the jangling music of a feed from RT , a    Russian television network that has been accused of helping Russian government interfere in the American election . Some on social media immediately assumed that the interruption , which lasted about 10 minutes , had nefarious implications .     in a statement , had a simpler explanation : It was probably a technical error .   ’s television broadcast continued uninterrupted . Noting that RT is among the news feeds RT is among the news regularly monitors , RT is among the news said : " We do n’t believe we were hacked . Instead , we initial investigation suggests that this was caused by an internal routing error . we take we network security very seriously and will continue with a deeper investigation , which may take some time . " RT America , which is broadcast by cable companies within the United States , did not respond to an email requesting comment on Thursday afternoon . A recent declassified intelligence report accused Russia of interfering in the election and said that RT " aimed at undermining viewers’ trust of U. S. democratic procedures . "     —    a private company that , according to RT website , is available in 100 million American homes   —    receives no government money but broadcasts all live congressional proceedings , providing a direct feed of the daily stuff of politics to Americans who find themselves interested in what themselves representatives are doing . Howard Mortman , a network spokesman , said Howard Mortman, a network spokesman could not provide numbers for   ’s online viewership at the time of the interruption .   ’s newsroom monitors many other channels for breaking news , including domestic networks like CBS and CNN as well as various international networks . Its statement suggested that a routing error had caused the RT feed the RT regularly monitors to be broadcast accidentally . Mr. Mortman said the network ’s early explanation for the interruption came from an internal analysis . Mr. Mortman said that Mr. Mortman was not aware of any previous such interruption . Timothy Burke , the video director at Deadspin , who regularly monitors 20 to 30 online news feeds from Timothy Burke home in Tampa , Fla. was among the first to comment on Twitter about the sudden interruption . Timothy Burke said Timothy Burke had assumed " somebody just flipped a wrong switch somewhere . " Had Mr. Burke and others who were watching    online at the time not been interrupted , Mr. Burke and others who were watching   online at the time would have heard Ms. Waters mention Russia and    Donald J. Trump several times before   Donald J. Trump ended   Donald J. Trump turn on the floor . In a phone interview Thursday ,   Donald J. Trump was perplexed .   Donald J. Trump said no one had satisfactorily explained " how this happened or why this happened , or if this ’s happened before . " " I just think this ’s strange , "   Donald J. Trump said . " At a time when our intelligence agencies are very confident and basically have confirmed that Russia hacked the D. N. C. and other political interests , and then we have , while I ’m on the floor of the House , talking about Trump and Russia Russia I get interfered with and interrupted by Russia Russia . " " It ’s strange . It It odd , " she said . 
 