Washington ( CNN ) Rebuilding America Now , the main super PAC backing Donald Trump , is returning to the television airwaves amid a major shift in strategy about how it plans to back the GOP nominee . PAC has begun purchasing advertising time in Pennsylvania to begin later this week , according to a media buying source . After spending $ 13 million on television , the PAC PAC PAC airing advertisements for almost three weeks , per advertising records . The group did PAC to a request for comment on their advertising plans . PAC has purchased nearly PAC 100 , 000 in four Pennsylvania markets so far Pennsylvania Pittsburgh , Wilkes    Harrisburg and Erie . Rebuilding America Now , led by Florida Gov. Rick Scott , has struggled to win over    donors ever since the departure of Paul Manafort , Trump ’s campaign chief , who endorsed the group . And America ’s campaign , who once praised the group " one of the best ways " to back Trump , has told CNN Trump’s he is now not assisting their efforts , though he did not explain why he Any revival of the PAC will be closely watched by Trump donors and Republicans eager to see a group that can support Trump on television , where Trump’s is still being badly Trump’s by Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . And the new ad campaign will Hillary Clinton’s campaign his main    group plans Trump’s portray the candidates in the final eight weeks . The group said in a strategy memo to his main   group this month obtained by CNN that it now plans to focus on positive messaging , his main   group than the negative ads it had spent the summer blasting on the airwaves his main   group The group did polling and found that spots stressing his main   group background and plans tested better than traditional attacks on Clinton , the memo said . " We ca n’t burn down a strategy memo house twice : Both Clinton and Trump have unfavorable ratings we ’ve never seen before Clinton " Trump’s super PAC ’s strategists wrote . " If this campaign remains one in which we only match our negative ads against their negative ads , we will conduct we : Trench warfare Both Clinton and Trump both sides struggle we move a few inches . " A rival Trump super PAC has largely taken that tack already : Great America PAC , which has concentrated on biographical , soft Trump spots and is beginning a $ 2 . 2 million television campaign this week . And there are signs that it is that group     which originally had an ally in former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski     is on the rise . Eric Trump , the candidate ’s son , attended a Great America fundraiser Tuesday held at a bar in Trump Tower Great America to a source familiar with the event , perhaps signaling that Great America is now the super PAC of choice . 
 Great America 