GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s wife Melania appeared on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe on Wednesday and discussed wife Melania husband ’s campaign , defending wife Melania comments on illegal immigration and wife Melania support of women . [ " I followed the law , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski when discussing immigration .   I never thought to stay here without papers . I had a visa , I traveled every few months back to the country to Slovenia to stamp the a visa I came back , I applied for the green card , I applied for the citizenship later on after many years of green card . So I went by system , I went by the the law And you should do that , you should not just say let me stay here and whatever happens , happens . Melania was asked whether or not she felt her Melania insulted Melania when he made comments Melania illegal immigration and crime during his presidential launch Melania Trump Tower last June . " We have thick skin , and we know that We will judge him and people Melania call names . They do n’t people him enough credit Melania From June that he announced , Melania do n’t people him enough credit Melania " she defended her husband . she He said illegal Melania . He did n’t Melania about everybody . He talked about Melania immigrants , " she reasoned . she And after a few weeks , like two weeks [ of ] giving him a hard Melania and bashing him in the Melania , they turned around [of] giving him a hard time and bashing him in the media They said , [of] giving him a hard time and bashing him in the media You know what , he ’s right Melania He ’s right Melania he ’s talking Melania And he opened conversation Melania nobody did . " She also defended she husband against she that he is sexist her husband women . " They ’re treated women . I see him in life her husband he treats women her husband same as men , " she said . she He will tell her husband what is in his heart , her husband he thinks . her husband will not her husband it back if his heart ’re a woman , you ’re human . If you ’re a woman or a man , it ’s no his heart , you ’re human . " " I ’m a    mom , and I love it . So his heart I decided not to be in the campaign so much , but I support my husband 100 percent , " Melania added , referencing her role in Melania campaign . my husband 