  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is downplaying hacked audio in which Hillary Clinton’s expressed doubt about whether the United States should go ahead with a $ 1 trillion plan to modernize the United States nuclear forces . The audio     obtained by the Free Beacon , which said it came from a hacked campaign staff member     was later reported by The New York Times . The remarks were made at a fundraiser in February . " The last thing we need , " Hillary Clinton’s told the audience , " are sophisticated cruise missiles that are   . " The remarks put Hillary Clinton’s at odds with the Obama administration , which has requested large increases in nuclear weapons programs at the Defense and Energy Departments , according to the Arms Control Association , a nonpartisan group that monitors arms control policies . Three independent estimates put the expected total cost of modernizing the US nuclear forces over the next 30 years at as much as $ 1 trillion , the the Arms Control Association . Aides are pointing to recent comments where Clinton has publicly said that she is Clinton    nuclear modernization and say that Clinton is Clinton favor of conducting a review of the nation ’s nuclear forces to determine the best way forward . Trump demands Obama promise not to pardon Clinton , Clinton We ’ll make a renewed push to reduce the world ’s nuclear weapons , because that does make us all safe , " Clinton said Clinton the American Legion in August . " One of the first things I will do as president is to call for a new nuclear posture review . We have to make sure that America ’s arsenal is prepared to meet future threats . " Clinton also Clinton in January that she may Clinton a plan by the Obama administration to update the country America forces . After a rally in Iowa , a journalist asked Clinton , Clinton Do you oppose plans to spend a trillion dollars on an entire new generation of nuclear weapons systems that will enrich the military contractors and set off a new global arms race ? " Clinton responded Clinton " Yeah I ’ve heard about that . I ’m going to look into that . That does n’t make sense to me . " a journalist 