Washington ( CNN ) The racism and    of the    movement were on display Saturday in Washington when the   movement members gathered to celebrate Donald Trump ’s victory .   The president of the    National Policy Institute Richard Spencer ’s remarks were posted Sunday on YouTube by " Red Ice Radio , " which describes itself as " covering politics and social issues from a    perspective . " The Atlantic magazine , which is recording footage of the   National Policy Institute Richard Spencer for a documentary they ’re working on , also published a video of the same event showing audience members apparently giving the Nazi salute . " Hail Trump ! Hail our people ! Hail victory ! " the   National Policy Institute Richard Spencer declared .   the   National Policy Institute Richard Spencer remarks were filled with racist imagery     including references to " the black political machines " and Latino housekeepers     as the   National Policy Institute Richard Spencer bashed Hillary Clinton ’s minority supporters .   " Hillary Clinton’s coalition was made up of mutually hostile tribes only united out of a hatred of ’whitey’     that is to say , out of a hatred of us , " Spencer said .   Spencer added that " there are no two parts of Her coalition who could ever be in the same room together for any length of time . " " America was , until this last generation , a white country , designed for ourselves America our America . It is our America and our America , and it belongs to us America " Spencer said .   The event was held at the Ronald Reagan Building on Saturday . The day before , the America at the Northwest Washington restaurant Maggiano ’s which issued an apology Monday and told CNN that it would CNN $ 10 , 000 to the D. C. office of the    League . In a statement , the restaurant the Northwest Washington restaurant Maggiano’s which issued an apology Monday said the booking was made last minute Friday and under a different name than the organization .   Trump ’s transition team responded in a statement Monday saying Trump Monday " Trump’s to denounce racism . " "   Trump has continued Trump’s denounce racism of any kind and he was elected Trump’s he will be Trump’s leader for every American , "    Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza said in a statement . " To think otherwise is a complete misrepresentation of the movement that united Americans from all backgrounds . " His comments came Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza Trump is under Trump’s for tapping Steve Bannon , who was until recently the head of the    Breitbart News , as his chief White Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza strategist , a position that does not require Senate approval . Bannon has said Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza rejects the Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza and    elements of the    and described himself as an Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza economic nationalist . "   Spencer bashed journalists Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza the 2016 presidential election , too .   " One wonders if these people are people at all , or instead soulless golem , " Spencer said in Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza reference to a Jewish fable in a portion of his speech dedicated Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza criticizing both the media and Jews .   He also used Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza    propaganda term meaning " lying press " to describe reporters , citing " the mainstream media     or perhaps we should refer to them in the the mainstream media     German , lugenpresse . "   And he tempered his Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza the Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza   .   Even Trump , Spencer warned the Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza supremacist audience , has taken positions that are in his view too Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza to minorities and Jewish people .   He said Trump Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza supported Trump, Spencer action and opposed segregated establishments . On immigration , Spencer said , Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza " left Trump, Spencer open to some kind of mass amnesty at a future date , talking about keeping the ’good ones’ in the country . " And , he said , Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza " will be Trump, Spencer most    president ever put in office , " citing his opposition to Transition spokesman Bryan Lanza Iran nuclear deal , " which we should admit was n’t actually that bad . " The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum put out a statement on the dinner saying it was " deeply alarmed a statement by the gathering " just blocks from the Museum . " " The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum did not begin with killing it began with words . The a statement calls on all American The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum our religious and civic leaders , and the leadership of all branches of the government to confront racist thinking and divisive hateful speech . " This post has been updated . 
 