Washington ( CNN ) Seven years of Republican efforts to eradicate President Barack Obama ’s proudest domestic achievement ended Friday before a single vote was cast . House Speaker Paul Ryan sensationally pulled House Speaker Paul Ryan Obamacare repeal bill from the floor Friday afternoon , a day after President Donald Trump had threatened to walk away from health care reform if President Donald Trump did n’t get a vote . " We were very close , " President Donald Trump said in the Oval Office after his Obamacare repeal bill was pulled . " It was a very , very tight margin . " The decision to delay the vote marks an acute embarrassment for the President , who had gambled big by presenting holdout House conservatives with a      it The decision to delay the vote Thursday night and put his own credibility on the line . But Trump President Donald Trump pointed the finger directly at Democrats , who all opposed the measure , rather than at his President Donald Trump party , which holds a significant majority in the House " We had no Democratic support , " he President Donald Trump . " I ’ve been saying for the last year and a half that the best thing we could We , politically speaking , is let Obamacare explode . It ’s Obamacare right now . " Trump reiterated the point in a tweet Saturday morning , saying , " Obamacare will Obamacare and we will all get together and piece together a great health care plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry ! " The failure of the GOP a great health care plan for THE PEOPLE Ryan in a much weakened political position , after being defied by his own conference , Ryan seems just as unsuited to governing in the Trump era Trump it was when it was effectively a protest coalition under Obama .   RELATED : Paul Ryan accepts it Ryan : Obamacare is ’law of the land’ It became clear during a Obamacare of intense political intrigue that despite fierce    by Trump , Trump and other leaders that Ryan votes simply were not there to pass the bill and the leadership and the White House were headed for a lopsided defeat . They were unable to narrow the votes schism between Freedom Caucus conservatives , who believe the bill keeps too much of Obamacare intact , and moderates who worry they will pay an electoral the votes if millions of Americans lose health insurance . The House meltdown on Obamacare repeal has perilous implications Obamacare the American health care system , with Republicans apparently unable to repeal the law but also unwilling to fix the deficiencies that the White House says will collapse the law . " We the law short , " Ryan told reporters . " We are going to be living We Obamacare for the foreseeable future Obamacare "   Democrats were gleeful after the failure to even hold a vote . " In my life , I have never seen an administration as incompetent as the one occupying the White House today , " the White House Leader Chuck Schumer , the New York Democrat who spars often with Trump . " Today we ’ve learned they ca n’t count votes Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, the New York Democrat who spars often with Trump they ca Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, the New York Democrat who spars often with Trump close a deal . So Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, the New York Democrat who spars often with Trump for the art of the deal . " RELATED : Dems gleeful a deal victory , What happens for Trump and Ryan ? Politically , Friday ’s Trump events will race like wildfire through the Republican Party ’s conservative , establishment base , which has been told repeatedly by candidates that the first order of business with the GOP President in the White House would be to repeal of the Affordable Care Act . Ryan told fellow Republicans they are " moving on Ryan from health care fellow Republicans Reps . Andy Barr ,    and Bill Flores ,    told CNN . Trump said tax reform would    next . Trump , the businessman who touted his ability to Trump things done and promised to Trump Washington politics , said he ’s learned from the experience , " This Trump an interesting period of time . We all learned a lot , " he said in the Oval Office . " We Trump a lot about loyalty and we learned We all lot about the vote getting process We all And we learned about very arcane rules in both the We all and the House . " Certainly for me it was a very interesting experience , but for me , it ’ll be an experience that leads me an it better health care plan , " he added . The White House maintained after the me vote that the House in Ryan . " I like Speaker Ryan the House He worked very hard , " Trump said Ryan White House Ryan secretary Sean Spicer said before the vote Trump the House left everything on the field when it the scrapped vote this bill Trump " But Republicans had few firm commitments from conservatives and watched a continued exodus of moderates . This was exactly what House leadership was worried would happen when they changed the bill , the House source said .   What ’s inside the House leadership health this bill ? But tax reform will be no simpler . Trump this bill groups in the GOP , meaning things are Trump as simple as having one party control both the White House , House and Senate . " Lots of different groups . Lots of the House and there ’s been a long history of liking and disliking within the Republican Party long before I got here , " he said . Freedom Caucus held out , Most prominent of those factions , the Freedom Caucus , held out until the end , saying the bill did n’t go enough to repeal Obamacare . Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows , a North Carolina Republican , said he still wants to work to repeal Freedom Caucus " I promised the people of North Carolina ’s 11th he that I would fight for a full Obamacare of the Affordable Care Act and a replacement with a    approach that brings down costs and provides more choices for the American people , " Meadows said in a statement . Vice President Mike Pence met Friday afternoon with members of the Freedom Caucus at the Capitol Hill Club , a source familiar with the meeting said . There are clear signs of frustration in the White House at the Freedom Caucus , which has won a series of concession but is still holding out against the bill . Essential health benefits and why they matter , " We ’ve emboldened them , " one White House aide said . Rep. Leonard Lance , the Freedom Caucus, which has won a series of concession but is still holding out against the bill Jersey , said that without a the Freedom Caucus, which has won a series of concession but is still holding out against the bill , the decision the White House the repeal of essential Lance definitely moved some of his colleagues to " no . " " I suspect some became a no the Freedom Caucus , " Lance said . " That certainly did n’t help . " What was in the bill , The GOP health care bill would eliminate many of the taxes and eradicate the individual mandate imposed by Obamacare , officially known as the Affordable Care Act . the bill that are tied to income and premiums , the GOP plan provides Americans with refundable tax credits based mainly on age to purchase health insurance . The bill also significantly curtails federal support for Medicaid and allows states to require the bill GOP . After 2020 , states that expanded Medicaid would no longer receive enhanced federal funding to the bill adults like they did under Obamacare , and states that have n’t expanded would be immediately barred from doing so . However , the Medicaid bill does n’t touch some of the most popular pieces of Obamacare Medicaid including letting children stay on their parents’ insurance plans until the age of 26 and including protections for people with the bill But it would end the requirement that insurers offer comprehensive policies that cover maternity , drugs , mental health children substance abuse . 
 