Washington ( CNN ) Prosecutors in the office of US Attorney Preet Bharara have issued a subpoena for Anthony Weiner ’s cell phone and other records , according to law enforcement officials .   The FBI and the New York Police Department have opened preliminary investigations of allegations that the former New York Democratic congressman exchanged sexually explicit text messages with a purportedly underage girl .   Spokespersons for US Attorney Preet Bharara ’s Office in Manhattan and the FBI declined to comment . The allegations allegations that the former New York Democratic congressman exchanged sexually explicit text messages with a purportedly underage girl in the Daily Mail .   The online sexting relationship allegedly went on for months between Weiner and a girl claiming to be just 15 . The Daily Mail the Daily Mail he sent her the Daily Mail photos Weiner one the Daily Mail him in a pool and Weiner least one   . The outlet reported that the girl said she reached the Daily Mail Weiner in the Daily Mail on Twitter . Weiner a statement to CNN , Weiner neither confirmed or denied sending Weiner texts . " I have repeatedly demonstrated terrible judgment about the people I have communicated with online and the things I have sent . I am filled with regret and heartbroken for those I have hurt , " he said . Weiner continued : Weiner While I Weiner provided the Daily Mail with information showing that I have likely been the subject of a hoax , I have no one to blame but me for putting myself in this position . I Weiner sorry . " CNN has not been able to confirm this was a hoax . In a statement , a spokeswoman for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump noted that Weiner donated $ 550 to Hillary Weiner ’s presidential campaign last year . " The announcement by the FBI and New York Police Department that they are investigating close Clinton ally the FBI and New York Police Department Weiner ’s inappropriate Hillary Clinton’s with an underaged female is extremely disturbing , " Jessica Ditto said . " The Clinton campaign should immediately return all Hillary Clinton’s contributions from Weiner . America has had enough Weiner the sleaze that is Clinton , Inc. " Huma Abedin , one of Clinton ’s closest aides , announced Hillary Clinton’s that she was separating from Weiner after photos Hillary Clinton’s of him Weiner sexting with another woman Weiner their son was in bed with Weiner That woman was described in Weiner New York Hillary Clinton’s a    divorced woman from the West . Weiner left Congress in June 2011 when Weiner sometimes explicit , texts with women other than his wife first emerged . His social Weiner habits continued after leaving Weiner and contributed to his poor showing in the Congress New Weiner City mayoral race , a contest in which he had once been a leading contender Weiner 
 