CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    " This is the biggest assault on the free press we have seen in modern times , " declared national radio host and InfoWars . com chief Alex Jones . [ chief Alex Jones was responding to the news , dropped just hours before Donald Trump ’s speech here at the National Republican Convention , that Fox News chief executive Roger Ailes has resigned in the wake of a sexual harassment allegation by a former anchor .   chief Alex Jones warned that after the " takedown of Fox News " the next outlets on the chopping block will be Drudge Report , Rush Limbaugh , Infowars . com and Breitbart News . chief Alex Jones interview below : Jones chief Alex Jones being interviewed by this reporter during Breitbart ’s Breitbart News stream coverage from the RNC on Thursday . Longtime Donald Trump confidante Roger Stone was also being interviewed in the same segment . Here are Jones chief Alex Jones quotes regarding the resignation of Ailes . " This is the biggest assault on the free press we have seen in modern times . I knew about this a long time ago but I could n’t talk about it obviously this people inside Fox . This is this coup . Oh , he hugged Fox Kelly 6 years ago . Oh my God . " " This is the takedown of Fox News with the liberal Murdochs . The family to take over and turn it into This right during an election . This is their desperation The family This is This media coup . Because in the 21st century , you do n’t have military coups in America , you have media coups . And mark my words , mark my words my words get Fox News Fox News Limbaugh . The next is Drudge . The next is Infowars . The next is Breitbart . Everybody else . You mark my words . They my words after free speech . " " Free Speech year ago , Drudge came to visit me Drudge He said , ‘ Listen Drudge I met with the Supreme Court Justice . He has been told get Drudge benning Free Speech . It ’s happening next year.’ And Drudge was freaked out . Drudge does n’t make stuff Drudge . And I have my sources . This is happening . We are witnessing , because liberty is so popular . We are the Liberals . We We the Constitutionalists . To We shut us down because they ca n’t We us in a level playing field We ideas . " " It ’s like them going after Milo and banning they on Twitter . It ’s Milo them going after Drudge and then they Federal Elections Commission saying they want to go after Drudge they It ’s like what Drudge happening the Federal Elections Commission the takedown of Fox . They are really trying to kill they speech . And do we recognize this ? Do we see how naked this is we This is a this deal folks this This is a big deal . this Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times Aaron Klein author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein 