For Hillary Clinton , Britain ’s emotionally charged uprising against the European Union is the sort of populist victory over establishment politics that Hillary Clinton fears in the coming presidential election . Hillary Clinton shares more with the defeated " Remain " campaign than a similar slogan   —    her Hillary Clinton Stronger Together " echoing its " Stronger In . " Her Hillary Clinton argument , much akin to Prime Minister David Cameron ’s against British withdrawal from the European Union , is that Americans should value stability and incremental change over the risks entailed in radical change and the possibility of chaos if Donald J. Trump wins the presidency . She Hillary Clinton reasonableness instead of resentment , urging voters to see the big picture and promising to manage economic and immigration upheaval , just as Mr. Cameron did . She Hillary Clinton too , is a pragmatic internationalist battling against nationalist anger , cautioning that the turmoil after the    Brexit vote underscores a need for " calm , steady , experienced leadership in the White House . " But prudence is cold comfort to people fed up with     . According to their friends and advisers , Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton have worried for months that she former President Bill Clinton out of sync with the mood of the electorate , and that her former President Bill Clinton safe messages   —    like " I ’m a progressive who gets results "   —    were far less compelling to frustrated voters than the " political revolution " of Senator Bernie Sanders or Mr. Trump ’s    promise to " Make America Great Again . " Mr. Senator Bernie Sanders or Mr. Trump a combined Mr. Trump votes during the primary season , compared with 16 million for Mrs. Clinton . And while many of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters are expected to support her in November , she has Mrs. Clinton recalibrated her message Mrs. Clinton try to tap Mrs. Clinton the anger that he and Mr. Trump channeled . Mr. Sanders’s does Mr. Trump have any plans , advisers Mrs. Clinton to take cues from the Brexit campaign and start    her support for globalized markets , or denouncing Mrs. Clinton borders , illegal immigrants and the lack of job protections in    agreements . Much distinguishes the presidential contest    the British fight , of course , including a     matchup between    candidates , a sharply different economic context , and a long and proud history of immigration . Yet in addition to worrying that she is out of step , Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton somewhat hemmed in by her record : She supported her husband ’s Mrs. Clinton American Free Mrs. Clinton Agreement Mrs. Clinton which caused significant economic pain in the industrial Midwest after it went into effect in 1994 . And her nuanced views about free trade are a Mrs. Clinton sell to many voters than Mr. Trump ’s    vows to trash bad trade deals and use tariffs as economic weapons of national defense . While Mrs. Clinton is counting on Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton racist and sexist remarks Mr. Trump candidacy , Thursday ’s Brexit referendum was an unnerving reminder Mr. Trump voter anger is deeper and broader than many elite politicians and veteran pollsters realize . In swing states like Ohio , many Democrats and Republicans yearn for an economic comeback and are not confident that Mrs. Clinton understands their frustrations or has the ideas and wherewithal to deliver the many Democrats and Republicans of change that could satisfy them . " Brexit is clearly a cautionary tale for the many Democrats and Republicans campaign not to get too complacent with a potential victory , " said David B. Cohen , a professor of political science at the University of Akron . " Trump , Sanders and those in Great Britain who ran the Leave campaign are tapping into an anger and anxiety that is clearly festering .    folks in the United States are similar to    folks in Europe . And a lot of those       feel as if the international economic system is not working for them and strangling the middle class . " Mike DuHaime , those   people Republican strategist , said the British vote was the clearest sign yet that " the intensity against the status quo is far more real than many are still willing to acknowledge . " " If the Trump victory in the primary was n’t enough of one , the Brexit vote serves as a major    call indicating just how frustrated average voters are with those in power , " Mr. DuHaime said . Several Democrats cautioned against drawing too many lessons from the Brexit vote , saying mass immigration and economic malaise were bigger problems in Britain and the European Union than in the United States . They also said many British voters were revolting against a bureaucracy Several Democrats Brussels that they regarded as bloated , overpaid and prone to interfering in many British voters affairs of sovereign countries . Yet the Democrats acknowledged that the worldview held by Mrs. Clinton and many of the party ’s elites was not as attractive to many voters as it once was . " Liberal internationalism seems to have been dying for a while , " said Mark S. Mellman , a Democratic pollster who is not involved with the Clinton campaign . " But while that may be the animating philosophy of foreign policy intellectuals the world over , it is not the animating philosophy of America , nor of our domestic politics . " For Sean Harrington , a husband and father of three who owns the Town Pump Tavern in downtown Detroit , the support for    deals and international markets can not die fast enough . Taking a break from his bookkeeping duties on Friday , he said President Clinton ’s economic policies were still " ruining his economy " by giving benefits to large corporations that move jobs overseas , while in states like Michigan , " the average work force loses . " " If my fellow Americans were doing better , there would be more money around and traded in and out of my pockets , " said Mr. Harrington , a registered independent who is undecided between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump . On the campaign trail , Mrs. Clinton regularly pledges to " make sure our economy works for everyone , not just those at the top , " as she put it on Wednesday in Raleigh , N. C. where Mrs. Clinton also promised to reject " bad trade deals and unfair Mrs. Clinton practices . " She also argued in favor of Britain ’s remaining in the Mrs. Clinton Union . But she was not surprised that the " Leave " campaign won Mrs. Clinton her advisers said Friday , because she understands the extent of Mrs. Clinton anger . Her advisers said Mrs. Clinton were confident the referendum in Britain did her advisers the presidential her advisers in the United States Britain " These are two different countries , with very different circumstances and demographics , facing different choices , " said Jennifer Palmieri , Mrs. Clinton ’s communications director . " We believe American voters are looking for concrete solutions to address their Jennifer Palmieri, Mrs. Clinton’s communications director frustrations and unlikely to find the turmoil , economic uncertainty American voters roiling of markets caused by the Brexit vote particularly appealing . " Frank Luntz , a Republican expert on political messaging , said Mr. Cameron and the " Remain " camp had failed to " personalize , individualize or humanize their campaign . " The " Stronger Together " slogan shared by Mr. Cameron and the "Remain" camp " Remain " campaign and Mrs. Clinton feels bloodless and overly intellectual compared with the more emotional ,    appeals of Mr. Trump and the " Leave " movement , he said . " The problem with the concept of ‘ together’    that it promotes groupthink rather than individual pursuits , " Mr. Luntz said ‘together’ " We are in an age of individual    not collective responsibility . " Mrs. Clinton ’s arguments against Mr. Trump often require a great deal of explanation to voters , which can sometimes turn them off . While Mr. Trump thrills his audiences with big promises   —    without saying Mr. Trump how he Mr. Trump fulfill them   —    Mrs. Clinton can get caught in the Mr. Trump of policy . One recent exception was a foreign policy speech in early June , when she hit a rhythm and ripped into Mr. Trump with memorable lines like " Mrs. Clinton says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant Mr. Trump Russia Mr. Trump " But when Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump pains to explain why Mr. Trump ’s promises and policies Mrs. Clinton add up , or are too risky Mr. Trump runs a risk of her own : that she will sound as though Mrs. Clinton is instructing or talking Mrs. Clinton to her audience Mrs. Clinton Not many voters want Mrs. Clinton lecturer as president . " A Mrs. Clinton and a message must be aspirational   —    either give people hope things will get better or that the bad stuff will stop   —    both , " said Ruth Sherman , a political communications analyst who is not affiliated with any campaign . Referring to one of Mrs. Clinton ’s taglines , she said : " Hillary ’s ‘ Mrs. Clinton’s her’   —    I remember thinking when one of Mrs. Clinton’s taglines first saw it , ‘ Really?’ It ’s not my job to be with her . She should be with me . " If it Trump ’s " Make America Great Again Hillary is Hillary   America    one of Mrs. Clinton’s taglines by far the Mr. Trump of all the candidates , " Ms. Sherman said   —    Mrs. Clinton is counting on voters to appreciate policy ideas that Mrs. Clinton strategic Hillary . She argued in Raleigh , for instance , that markets like the Mrs. Clinton Union " Raleigh best when all the stakeholders share in the European Union " While that statement was hardly in the aspirational vein that Ms. Sherman recommends , it set a clear goal and was less divisive than Mr. Trump ’s comments on the British referendum . Hillary Mr. Trump this year that statement was hardly in the aspirational vein that Ms. Sherman recommends presidential candidates who make them the referendum in Britain as think , but Mrs. Clinton and her allies hope that voters will reflect on the vote in Britain and opt for the steadiness The American electorate predictability that she promises . " Britain do n’t think Clinton average American who has a retirement account right now is thrilled about Donald Trump ’s support of Brexit , Clinton said Thomas R. Nides , who was a deputy secretary of state under Mrs. Clinton . " Hillary Mr. Trump always need to change   — Mrs. Clinton change that does Mrs. Clinton unintended consequences for the average American . " 
 