Washington ( CNN ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich says Ohio Gov. John Kasich feels it ’s Ohio Gov. John Kasich " responsibility and duty as a leader "     no matter the political cost     to help President Barack Obama shepherd the    Partnership through Congress .   " I have never been an ideological supporter of free trade . The ideologues use to come to Ohio Gov. John Kasich and be frustrated with Ohio Gov. John Kasich , " Ohio Gov. John Kasich told the media during the White House press briefing . " But when you look at these agreements in a real sense    and this one is much different   than even NAFTA , " Kasich added . " This is China . This is Russia . These are fledgling countries in Asia and we want to pivot to Asia ? we have to do this . " The    Republican governor met with Obama in the Oval Office on Friday . In an exclusive interview Thursday night , The   Republican governor told CNN ’s Dana Bash The   Republican governor does n’t mind the political backlash The   Republican governor could face .   " I welcome the fact that people will criticize me for putting my country ahead of my party , " Kasich said .   Kasich and Obama could be facing an uphill battle : Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton oppose the    Pacific Rim deal , which Obama has pitched as a way to counterbalance China ’s rise in the region .   " This is the first time the candidates in both major political parties say the candidates in both major political parties are opposed to free trade . It ’s astounding to me , " Kasich said .   In the Oval Office , Kasich joined Obama , former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , former George W. Bush administration Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and others for a meeting on the    Pacific Rim deal .   " This is an opportunity for the Congress to carry out the Congress responsibility , " Kasich said .   " You got ta get this done . I ’d love to think this could happen next year . I ’m not convinced this can happen after next year , " Kasich added . Kasich waded into the presidential debate a bit , but mainly focused Kasich efforts on rallying Republicans away from Trump ’s protectionist stance and toward the party ’s    orthodoxy .   " I think I need to spend my time making the case that we do n’t want to hurt United States national security issue ( s ) we we n’t want to turn our we over there , and frankly , we we n’t want to put ourselves we a position where we we not taking advantage of economic opportunities , " he ( s) .   Kasich also defended the prospect of Obama pushing the TPP toward passage in a " lame duck " session of Congress , after the November 8 election but before a new president and Congress Congress sworn in .   " Frankly , if I have to come down here and spend some time lobbying my Republican colleagues , I ’m more than glad to do that , " Kasich said .   " There ’s definitely some people I can call and talk to , " he Kasich . " This is a big deal . I mean , if we were to just walk away with this     with both candidates saying they both candidates n’t want this     we we our we on Asia . " He Kasich played down the political potency of Trump ’s    position in    Ohio , saying it ’s not why Trump Trump win the state .   " I do n’t think that ’s what it it turn on . And frankly , part of the problem that the Clinton campaign has is that there ’s literally no enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton There just is n’t right now . I do n’t know if it will change but that is her challenge Clinton " Kasich said . Kasich also Kasich politics , saying it ’s " very unlikely " he will Kasich for Trump , his former Kasich primary rival .   " Too much water under the bridge , " Kasich said Kasich   But one other thing ’s for sure : " I ’m not voting for Hillary . Clinton Referencing his refusal Kasich attend the Republican National Convention in his home Kasich , Kasich said Kasich " I think my actions have spoken very loudly     louder than even my words . "   Touting his campaign Kasich for House and Senate Republican candidates across the country , he said Kasich goal Kasich fall is to " get Republicans out to vote     period . "   " We want to    Senator [ Rob ] Portman and we want We elect people " he said Kasich conceding he knows Kasich ’ll help Trump , as well .   " Because of the success that we ’ve We in Ohio , Ohio ’s turning more red . It ’s more Republican , " he said Kasich " And why ? Things are going pretty well . So when you produce things and people feel good , it has It impact . I think Ohio now Ohio more Republican than it ’s It in a very long time , and that , of course , accrues to any Republican . "   If Trump wins the election and offered him a Trump in his administration Trump Kasich said he ’d Kasich     as he would Kasich any president .   " If there ’s something I can do and something I agree on , absolutely , " Kasich said Kasich   As for his own Kasich future     and whether his aggressive Kasich schedule for Republicans this cycle foreshadows a 2020 run for president     Kasich deflected Kasich   He said Kasich ’s Kasich for House and Senate candidates " because I feel responsibility . " " I mean , you know , look , I do n’t have any idea what I ’m going to do with my political future , I really do n’t , " he said Kasich " I ’m not closing any doors . But I ’m not here plotting and scheming what ’s going to happen down the road . " 
 