Writing in the Huffington Post , Mickey Kaus suggests a way for Democrat voters in Wisconsin to end Republican Speaker Paul Ryan ’s political career . [ On Tuesday , August 9 , there ’s a primary for the seat held by Republican Speaker Paul Ryan , the House Speaker . It ’s in the news   —    Ryan Republican Speaker Paul Ryan being challenged in the Republican primary by a hitherto    businessman , Paul Nehlen . There ’s also a contested primary on the Democratic side . On Tuesday Tuesday Donald Trump pointedly refused to endorse Ryan , which does n’t necessarily reflect any Ryan Republican Speaker Paul Ryan in the district ( more like Trump Donald Trump Ryan Republican Speaker Paul Ryan irreconcilable differences . ) But Ryan Republican Speaker Paul Ryan vulnerable before , and he Republican Speaker Paul Ryan more vulnerable now .   That ’s where Wisconsin Democrats come in : Wisconsin Wisconsin Democrats open primary tradition means you can vote in Ryan Republican Speaker Paul Ryan primary   —    which gives you , through a harmonic convergence of circumstance , a strange and shocking power . With one vote you can boot the most powerful national Republican in the country , an ideological zealot who will never be dissuaded from enacting policies inimical to Democratic ideas and interests . With one vote , you can kill the pending Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal . You can kill the GOP ’s longstanding plan to voucherize Medicare . Kill Ryan ’s scheme to pack all welfare programs into one capped stream of money and let states spend it as they all welfare programs . Kill his Kill Ryan to promote guest workers and in effectively encourage more immigrants to come here and bid down wages . Why would you not do that ? In 2014 , remember , thousands of Democrats in Virginia crossed over to vote in the Republican primary against ambitious GOP rising star , Majority Leader Eric Cantor . That may have made the difference in the shocking defeat of the now    star by a    professor , Dave Brat . Why not do it again ? Read the rest here . 
 