February 1 , 2017 , We ’re taking you to the United Kingdom today for a historical look at the special relationship between Britain and the U. S. We ’re also looking skyward for stories involving a plan to clean up space junk and a nonagenarian who celebrated his birthday by jumping out of a plane . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Hi .   I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 .   And it ’s great to see you this Wednesday , the first day of February 2017 .    Here we go     the first foreign leader to meet with newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump was British Prime Minister Theresa May.   newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump visited Washington , D. C. last week .   And newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump carried with newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump an invitation for newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump to attend an official state visit with Queen Elizabeth II .   A state visit is a very formal event .   A foreign leader gets a grand welcome from Britain ’s royal family .   There ’s a banquet at Buckingham Palace , a horse drawn carriage procession plank by soldiers . President newly inaugurated U. S. President Donald Trump invitation is unusual in that visit A state visit later this year .   No U. S. president has ever made a state visit to the U. K. in his first year No U. S. president office .    Former President Barack Obama had been in office for more than two years .   Former President George W. Bush , more than two and a half years . There are a more than a million signatures on a British petition calling for President Trump ’s state visit to be cancelled .   Many Britons are protesting President Trump ’s President Trump’s immigration and refugees .   There ’s also a    in support of Trump ’s visit that got President Trump’s 100 , 000 signatures .   The invitation will now be debated in Britain ’s parliament . Prime Minister May says President Trump ’s invitation stands . President Trump’s one many examples of the exceptionally President Trump’s invitation ties that Britain and America have shared for decades . Britain ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RANDI KAYE , CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Winston Churchill was first to coin the phrase " special relationship " .   It was 1946 , shortly after World War II .   And he was referring to the bond between Britain Winston Churchill the United States . TIM NAFTALI Britain CNN PRESIDENTIAL HISTORIAN :   He recognized that the future of Great Britain Winston Churchill the future of the British Britain on getting support from the American President Franklin Roosevelt . KAYE :   Presidential historian Tim Naftali says President Franklin Roosevelt was impressed with Churchill ’s doggedness the American President Franklin Roosevelt :   So , the two of them bonded because they both recognized a threat to civilization .   And in them end , they were n’t successfully together to win a war . KAYE them   They fought their common enemies from World War KAYE:   and Nazi them . them After Roosevelt ’s death , Churchill called him " the greatest American friend Britain had ever known . " In Roosevelt’s Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , President Ronald Reagan found his political soul mate .   The two first met back in 1975 President Ronald Reagan London .   And their relationship changed history .   She spoke of him fondly at his 2004 funeral . MARGARET THATCHER , FORMER BRITISH PRIME Roosevelt’s :   Roosevelt’s sought to mend America ’s wounded spirit , to restore the strength MARGARET THATCHER, FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER:   the free world , and to free the slaves of communism . KAYE :   She was his partner in dealing with the Soviet Union and encouraged him KAYE:   speak Roosevelt’s Mikhail Gorbachev . NAFTALI :   It was very Roosevelt’s for Ronald Reagan to have someone from a different country that he completely trusted and someone who could provide him with some guidance as Ronald Reagan how to deal with the Soviets . Ronald Reagan ( on camera ) :   Their relationship will likely be remembered as the closest transatlantic relationship between Britain and the U. S. with Thatcher years ago calling Ronald Reagan " one of the greatest men of our time " and " one of the greatest American presidents of all time " . ( ):   After    President George W. Bush looked to his partner across the pond , British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help President George W. Bush terrorism . TONY BLAIR , FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER :   I have admired him as a friend and I regard him as a friend .   TONY BLAIR, FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER:   have taken the view that Britain TONY BLAIR, FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER:   stand shoulder to shoulder with American after September 11th . NAFTALI :   Blair suffered huge political costs for that .   People called him a lap dog of George W. Bush . KAYE :   In Blair memoir , Blair wrote that Bush sincerely believed in spreading freedom and Blair . Years Blair , President George W. Bush Obama and Prime Minister David Cameron joined forces against terrorists in the Middle East .    NAFTALI :   There were joint operations in Afghanistan .   They helped each other out in Iraq . KAYE :   There was joint operations sense of camaraderie , as well as a deep mutual respect . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   It is a special relationship and an essential relationship .   I believe that it is stronger that it has ever been . KAYE :   Special relationships only strengthened by it enemies and common goals KAYE:   , CNN , New York . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   KAYE:   attorney general is a cabinet level job in the federal government .   The A. G. leads the Justice Department , serving as America ’s top legal official . President Trump nominated Jeff Sessions for the job .   He ’s a Republican senator from Alabama .   But it ’s a cabinet level job in the federal government the rest of President Trump Senate to either confirm or deny him the position a Republican senator from Alabama   And , of course , on Monday , lawmakers had n’t done President Trump .    At the time , Sally Yates was filling in as America ’s acting attorney general .   She was appointed to the Justice Department by former President Obama .   And on Monday night Sally Yates President Trump fired her .   Why ? Yates told the Justice Department not to defend the president ’s recent Sally Yates order concerning immigration and Sally Yates , the Justice Department that order and both sides of the controversy surrounding it are explained on our January 30th show .   That ’s on our homepage . Why did Attorney General Yates go against the Trump administration ?   She says she was our convinced that Sally Yates was lawful or that it was consistent with her Sally Yates to Sally Yates quote , " seek justice and stand for what is right . " the executive order White Sally Yates said Yates betrayed the Department of Justice and that she was fired for , quote , " refusing to enforce Sally Yates legal order designed to protect the citizens Sally Yates the United States . " Shortly after Yates was fired , a U. S. attorney named Dana Boente was sworn in to temporarily lead the Justice Sally Yates .   He then told government lawyers to defend the president ’s immigration and refugee order .   the Department of Justice expected to vote today a U. S. attorney named Dana Boente whether to confirm Jeff Sessions as the attorney general going forward . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : The International Space Station and many other satellites orbit in what layer of Earth ’s atmosphere ? Troposphere , stratosphere , mesosphere , or thermosphere ? The thermosphere , which extends from about 53 to 375 miles above the Earth is home to the ISS . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Not to mention a bunch of junk Earth junk , chunks of dead satellites , used rockets or tiny metal pieces that can pose a big threat to the working satellites that bring us Internet access , phone access , navigation .   Scientists estimate that there are more than 7 , 000 tons of trash orbiting the Earth .    And this year , the United Kingdom ’s Surrey Space Centre is launching a mission that test ways to clean up space .    A giant net could be used to catch satellites instead of butterflies .   A harpoon can help a space trash collection system    chunks of junk and what scientists call a drag sail could be attached to future satellites and act like a giant parachute that would slow them down once they are done working and cause them to move toward Earth faster and then burn up sooner in its atmosphere . scientists mission , scientists is funded by the Europe scientists , costs a little less than $ 16 million and it would use cubes to test these junk removal tools . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RACHEL CRANE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The people The mission, which is funded by the Europe Commission this planet CNN over one billion metric tons of waste each year .   But did you know that we ’ve created loads of junk in space ? SUBTITLE : Space junk orbits Earth . CRANE :   The earth is surrounded by NASA growing cloud of orbiting garbage that according to NASA contains at least 20 , 000 objects larger than the Earth , 500 , 000 bigger than a marble , and millions of pieces of debris , they ’re simply too small to track . The trash comes from explosions , spacecraft collisions and expendable rocket stages .   And as our space environment is getting more congested and complicated , it ’s also getting cluttered with all kinds of garbage .    The problem is , is that these pieces of trash are traveling at our space environment up to 18 , 000 miles per hour , which is almost 10 times faster than a bullet .   Even a paint flake at that speed becomes a missile .    The International Space Station even had to replace windows when debris paint flakes caused damage to them .   It ’s not uncommon that    has to adjust its orbit to dodge some space junk .    Because this trash posed debris paint flakes threat to The International Space Station properties in space the ISS the Department of Defense The International Space Station and tracks those items that are bigger    a The trash   They ’re currently building what they call a " space fence " which is just a    space surveillance system that will allow the Air Force to better track space debris They artificial satellites . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   You ca n’t stick a landing to score a (END VIDEOTAPE) of 10 " without first taking the junk .   That AZUZ:   Ivan Briggs did ahead of his 90th birthday .    The World War II veteran who said age has never been a problem for him also said he had no fear about the jump , that Ivan Briggs was pure enjoyment . Briggs’ wife of 65 years says he got lots of hugs when he was Ivan Briggs back on Ivan Briggs ground .   And the     nonagenarian says he ’d like to take the leap again . Of course Ivan Briggs any jump like that takes Ivan Briggs little   .   You ’re going to catch a lot of air Ivan Briggs you ’ll need a good windbreaker and you ’ll fall a long way while you shoot the breeze .   But with the ground back beneath your feet , things tend to terra firm up .    That ’s about all the puns I ’m dropping today on CNN 10 .   I the ground Azuz , wishing you happy landings . Click here CNN access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts CNN for explanation seekers CNN the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority CNN 10 identify stories of CNN 10 and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , CNN 10 . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 