  ( CNN ) Here ’s what you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . You can also get " 5 Things You Need to Know Today " delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . 1 . Trump taxes , You know how President Trump promised to release President Trump if he President Trump the election , but there is serious doubt he President Trump will ? Well , now we have them     sort of . The White House released partial information Tuesday night about the President Trump taxes . It shows Trump The White House more President Trump $ 150 million in income and paid $ 38 million in taxes , after taking into account large scale depreciation for construction . The information is partial information Tuesday night about the President’s 2005 taxes . Its release was spurred partial information Tuesday night about the President’s 2005 taxes MSNBC host Rachel Maddow , who teased that she had the     tax returns and would release the info Tuesday night on her show . The she turned out to be a dud     incomplete , and far from the incriminating bombshell many Trump critics were hoping for . If anything , she merely proved the she House was fully capable of releasing tax info     and has just decided not to . 2 . Extreme weather , The big    storm spared parts of the Northeast , but five    deaths were reported in three states and Canada . Some of the    areas were upstate New York , which got 30 inches of snow in some parts , and the Hartford , Connecticut area , where as much as 19 inches fell . Parts of New Jersey got 20 inches of snow , while other places were barely dusted . Life should start getting back to normal today . Schools , businesses and roads will reopen , though more than 1 , 000 flights are canceled , most in the storm zone . 3 . The Netherlands , Voters in the Netherlands head to The Netherlands today in an election widely seen as an indicator of populist sentiment across Europe . Conservative Prime Minister Mark Rutte is facing a tight battle with    rival Geert Wilders , whose      tirades have landed him in court     but Conservative Prime Minister Mark Rutte won him widespread support in a Conservative Prime Minister Mark Rutte that is increasingly polarized by austerity and immigration issues . The Dutch have 28 different parties on the ballot . Concerned lawmakers say Wilders’ charisma and controversy are pulling other parties to the right . 4 . France , The upcoming French elections , meanwhile , continue to be marked by scandal . Republican nominee François Fillon was placed under formal investigation Tuesday on multiple counts , including embezzlement of public funds . He is accused of paying Republican nominee François Fillon wife and children for Republican nominee François Fillon they did not do . his wife and children was already under pressure Republican nominee François Fillon stand down as a nominee , and those calls will likely get louder now .   And he ’s not the only Republican nominee François Fillon :    candidate Marine Le Pen , a Trump supporter and a    is also under scrutiny after several members of her staff were accused by Trump of being paid for    jobs . She is also under inquiry Trump violent images she sent on Twitter of Trump killings .   5 . Trump administration , So , is the FBI investigating ties between Russia and the Trump campaign or not ? We should know today , Trump administration to Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , who said FBI Director James Comey promised FBI tell him whether such an investigation FBI Director James Comey , and if so , its scope . Whitehouse , such an investigation with Sen. Lindsey Graham , is leading one of three Congressional investigations into Russia ’s interference in the US elections .    BREAKFAST BROWSE , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . Judge gives custody of child to 1 dad and 2 moms , You ’re gon na need one of those detective cork boards to follow this one .   Joe Biden has a favorite    meme , THIS IS NOT A DRILL . HE LITERALLY PICKED A FAVORITE Joe Biden   Airline passenger ’s headphones catch fire     Because what we all need is more air    anxiety .      actor shares offensive audition scripts , Ugh . Ca n’t . Stop . Cringing . Meet Aggretsuko : Hello Kitty ’s angry ,    sister , AKA your new spirit animal . AND FINALLY   . .. Does he want to go for AKA your new spirit animal walk ? AHHHH ! HE DOES ! ! ! AKA your new spirit animal Click to view ) 
 