  ( CNN ) Sen. Ron Wyden , a Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , said President Donald Trump ’s alleged attempt to interfere in ousted FBI Director James Comey ’s Russia investigation is almost " . " ousted FBI Director James Comey’s on Wednesday released an opening statement ahead of ousted FBI Director James Comey’s appearance before the Intelligence Committee . In it , the his appearance before the Senate intelligence committee FBI official , FBI was leading the investigation into Russia ’s meddling Russia the 2016 election , wrote that Trump asked him to pledge ousted FBI Director James Comey’s loyalty . ousted FBI Director James Comey’s also said ousted FBI Director James Comey’s President asked ousted FBI Director James Comey’s stop investigating ousted FBI Director James Comey’s security adviser Michael Flynn , and to publicly declare that Trump was not under Trump . " It is a remarkable statement , " Wyden , an Oregon Democrat , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead " on Wednesday . " It reads more like a Tom Clancy novel than your usual    congressional testimony . For example , Comey confirms that Trump asked him to end that Comey into Flynn . That by itself is almost a    effort to interfere with an ongoing investigation . " When asked if he thought Trump potentially Comey justice Trump Wyden said , " I ’ll tell you , if it looks like a duck , and it quacks like a it , it just might be it duck . " He went on to Comey Trump ’s interactions with Trump " Comey confirmed that the President Comey ask Comey pledge of loyalty , " Wyden said . " That ’s Wyden what our great institutions are all about . It ’s not about the individual , it ’s about the rule of It . That goes all the way back to the very basis of our country . " This is not the first time an official has made comparisons between Watergate and the ongoing probe into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 election . James Clapper , the former director of national intelligence , said Wednesday that Watergate " pales " in comparison Watergate the controversy surrounding the Trump administration and Russia . During a GOP dinner Russia May , Sen. John McCain said the Trump scandals have reached " Watergate size and scale . " 
 