Hillary Clinton left no doubt on Thursday that Hillary Clinton believes Russia contributed to Hillary Clinton defeat by interfering in the election , condemning what Hillary Clinton called Moscow ’s " weaponization of information . " " I did n’t fully understand how impactful that was , " Hillary Clinton said at a women ’s conference in New York . She Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton convinced that intrusions into Democratic Party leaders’ emails were carried out by Russian hackers under orders from President Vladimir V. Putin and aided by    online trolls and social media bots to spread disinformation . " It is something that Putin President Vladimir V. Putin used inside Russia , outside Russia Russia great effect , " Mrs. Clinton said , and she Mrs. Clinton for an independent investigation into Russian Russian . " I ’m hopeful that the Congress will pull together and realize that because of the success the Kremlin feels it ’s had they ’re not going to go away , " Mrs. Mrs. Clinton . " So whatever party you are , whatever business you run , whatever concerns you have , if we do whatever party take action together to hold whoever was involved accountable , they will we don’t take action together to hold whoever was involved accountable back time and time again . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton remarks at the Women in the World conference in Manhattan , where she was interviewed Mrs. Clinton the New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof before an audience of about 3 , 000 people . It was her first extensive Mrs. Clinton since her loss in Mrs. Clinton to Donald J. Trump . She did not Mrs. Clinton on criticism of the Trump White House . " I do n’t take any pleasure in seeing the kind of chaotic functioning " of the current administration , Mrs. Clinton said Mrs. Clinton Here ’s what I do n’t understand   —    I do n’t understand the commitment to hurt so many people that this administration , this White House , the Trump White House pursuing . " Women in particular , she said , are Mrs. Clinton attack by Mr. Trump ’s policies . " The targeting of women   —    which is what ’s going on   —    is absolutely beyond any political agenda , " Mrs. Clinton said , Mrs. Clinton particular to the State Department ’s move to defund the United Nations Population Fund , among other programs . She criticized efforts to strip Mrs. Clinton care and other treatments from Republicans’ failed bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act . " They had not a clue what that meant , " she said . " I Mrs. Clinton n’t know if any of them had ever even read the bill They " She also noted that it Mrs. Clinton mostly men who were behind the bill push to curtail women ’s health benefits . " The things that come out of some of these men ’s mouths   —    like , ‘ Why do we have to cover maternity care ? ’ " she said with a laugh Mrs. Clinton " Well I do n’t know , maybe you were dropped by immaculate conception ? " She said Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton attempts at ordering travel bans aimed at people from a handful of predominantly Muslim countries had " really sent a chilling effect across the world to not just Muslims , but to all kinds of people who said , ‘ Wait a second , do n’t you still have Lady Liberty in the New York Harbor ? ’ " Mrs. Clinton , in an unvarnished dig at the president , noted that Mr. Putin " shook my hand " when they met , a reference to Mr. ’" Mrs. Clinton, in an unvarnished dig at the president ’s failure to shake the hand of Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany . Mrs. Clinton seemed to dismiss rumors that she would some day run for New Mrs. Clinton City mayor , saying that while she had a lot of work to Mrs. Clinton , " I do n’t think that will include ever running for office again . " She was occupied , she said , Mrs. Clinton the unfinished business Mrs. Clinton the last century   —    " the rights and opportunities for women and girls . " " I think I have a lot to do , " she said . She said she was Mrs. Clinton by the Mrs. Clinton that Mrs. Clinton was popular as secretary of state Mrs. Clinton President Barack Obama , according to polls at the time she left that job , but unpopular Mrs. Clinton a candidate . " Well , what happened ? " she said . " Oh my gosh Mrs. Clinton by the time they finished with me , I was Typhoid Mary . Mrs. Clinton The difference , she said , was that as secretary Mrs. Clinton " it was a job that I was asked to do by a man . " As a presidential candidate , she was propelled by her own ambition Mrs. Clinton a quality , Mrs. Clinton said , that studies show is Mrs. Clinton as unappealing in a woman . Mrs. Clinton said she was at work Mrs. Clinton book that Mrs. Clinton delve deeply into the events leading up to the election , including the decision by the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , to release a letter about the investigation into her emails so close to Election Day . Mrs. Clinton life now ? " As a person Mrs. Clinton I ’m O. K. , " she said . " As an American , Mrs. Clinton ’m very worried . " 
 