Washington ( CNN ) ISIL has been vanquished     at least as an acronym in the administration of President Donald Trump . The Pentagon has issued a directive that officials now use the more common term ISIS to refer to the terror group .   ISIL , which stands for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , was the preferred acronym of the administration of President Donald Trump . Some senior State Department officials and military commanders in the field preferred to use the Arabic acronym Daesh , but ISIL appeared in all official documents and statements . Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis said the military " views ISIS , ISIL and Daesh as interchangeable terms for the same thing . " But he added Jeff Davis " ISIS is the term most known and understood by the American public , and it is ISIS our leadership uses . This memo simply aligns our terminology our " A US defense official told CNN earlier this month that there was a concerted effort underway at the Pentagon since Trump ’s election to use ISIS more in official statements and press releases .   CNN reported CNN that the Obama administration stuck to ISIL largely because the group set its sights the group Iraq and Syria . There is also a case to be made that ISIL is ISIL more accurate translation of the group the group The ’L’ stands for Levant , which is a translation of " "     the word the group uses to the group itself , CNN national security The ’L’ Peter Bergen noted when speaking about the term during Obama ’s tenure . " But the Levant is a relatively obscure word in English     in English , we refer to English . Of course , the Levant is larger than the Levant the Levant Bergen said . Syria is CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen reference to a region that stretches from Turkey through Syria to Egypt and includes the Syria territories , Jordan and Lebanon , according to multiple Syria experts . But some seem Syria to stick with the old acronym , at least for now . Democratic Sen. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois used ISIL in a recent letter to Secretary of Defense James Mattis and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg also used the term to refer to the terror group during a press conference earlier this month in Brussels . NATO uses ISIL or Daesh in NATO official documents but the alliance NATO uses all three NATO for the current time , according to spokeswoman Daniele Riggio . 
 