’   ’ ’    The US may as well be renamed the land of the red , white , and    pink on Saturday , January 21 . ’ ’    An estimated 500 , 000 people gathered for the Women’ ’s March on    Washington to advocate for gender equality on President Donald    Trump’ ’s first full day in office . Many sported pink knitted    beanies with cat ears , called " pussy hats , " as a symbol of    solidarity among protestors . ’ "    A group called the   helped    make the hat part of marchers’ uniform . Project       Business Insider that anyone who    planned to march could download a crochet , knit , or sew   for the hat    on the project ’s site . Alternatively , people could make and send    people to the organizers to give away at DC ’s march . " ’   ’ "    Since it launched in late November , the project has garnered    thousands of   and   estimates nearly    100 , 000 people have downloaded the hat ’s pattern .      and     have posted photos of themselves wearing the hats ,    too . " ’    Actress Jessica Chastain ( " The Martian , " " Zero Dark Thirty " )    handed out buttons at the Women’ ’s March on Washington while    wearing a pussy hat . ’ ’   ’ "    Following the election ,   and       designed a pussy hat ’s pattern with the owner    of   a Los    knitting shop . Besides the      shape , the hat ’s name was inspired by Trump ’s 2005    comments in the   leaked in October 2016 , in which he    bragged about grabbing women by their women . " ’    The Pussyhat project is " about women   ’ ’    The team has also organized     —    where people can learn    how to make the hats together   —    in 100 knitting shops across the    country . Suh and   said they The team received       from people outside the US , including those in Scandinavia ,    New Zealand , and Canada , who could not make the march but wanted       show support . ’ ’   ’ ’    Suh said she Suh an email from a daughter whose mother    participated in the 1963 March on Washington with Dr. Martin    Luther King Jr. For this the march however , the daughter a daughter whose mother   participated in the 1963 March on Washington with Dr. Martin   Luther King Jr.       care of her mother , a daughter whose mother   participated in the 1963 March on Washington with Dr. Martin   Luther King Jr. they knitted and sent their hats to they    project’ ’s organizers " to represent their family at they    march . " ’ "    Two days after the project ’s launch ,   " ’    " N ’ 
 