Pyongyang , North Korea ( CNN ) American college student Otto Warmbier has landed back in the United States after more than 17 months in detention in North Korea .   Warmbier American college student Otto Warmbier been in a coma for over a year , according to his American college student Otto Warmbier , and will be rushed to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center late Tuesday , a hospital spokeswoman said .   His American college student Otto Warmbier to the US comes as questions swirl about his American college student Otto Warmbier and what happened to him American college student Otto Warmbier he American college student Otto Warmbier detained by the North Korean government . The     contracted botulism last year and is in " bad shape , " a source close to the family told CNN . North Korea told a US official that Warmbier contracted botulism and slipped into the coma after taking a sleeping pill , a senior State Department official told CNN CNN   " Otto has left North North Korea He is Otto Medivac flight on his way Otto . Sadly , he is Otto a coma and we have been told he has Otto in that condition since March of 2016 . We learned we this only one week ago , " said Fred and Cindy Warmbier in a statement .   " We want we world to know how we and we son we been brutalized and terrorized by the pariah regime in North Korean . We are we grateful that he will our son be with people who love him . our son Warmbier was detained in January 2016 at the airport in Pyongyang while on his way Warmbier . His parents Warmbier the University of Virginia student had been on a tour of the reclusive country . North Korean North Korean they had security North Korean authorities of him trying to Warmbier a banner containing a political slogan that was hanging from the walls of his Pyongyang hotel Warmbier Pyongyang was used as evidence in his    trial Warmbier during which North Korea accused him of committing Warmbier hostile acts " against the regime at the urging of a purported member of a church in his home state Warmbier Ohio , a secretive university organization and the CIA . Warmbier was found guilty and sentenced in March 2016 to 15 years hard labor . It was the last time he was seen Warmbier . North Korea : North Korea botulism , Warmbier was one of Warmbier Americans detained in North Korea . Since North Korea , the US had been pressing North Korea to let Swedish North Korea the four Americans , the senior State Department official told CNN . When the Swedes finally got the okay to visit , the North Koreans immediately asked for a meeting with Joe Yun , the US envoy in New York , when he was told about Otto Warmbier ’s condition .   In that meeting about a week ago , Yun was told that Warmbier had Joe Yun botulism a year Otto Warmbier and went into a coma after taking a sleeping pill . US officials then urged those with the ability to persuade Pyongyang to ratchet up the pressure to get him released , said a source he who is familiar with the government ’s efforts . A second senior State Department official said the US has not yet accepted the North Korean version of events in terms of the timing and cause of how Warmbier fell into a coma . " All we know so far is what they have told us , " All we know official said the US " This A second senior State Department official North Korean version of events . We wo n’t know anything for sure the US doctors are able to fully evaluate Otto ’s condition . "   Three other Americans , Two of the three other Americans being held in North Korea , Kim Sang Duk and Kim    are academics who worked at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology . The third is a businessman named Kim Dong Chul . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States is discussing their respective cases with the North Korean Three other Americans, Two of the three other Americans being held in North Korea, Kim Sang Duk and Kim    . The United States does not have a the United States North Korea . " It ’s a North Korea , he said . We ’re working on it Secretary of State Rex Tillerson " But their fates the United States been hanging in It balance as Pyongyang and Washington have seen relations get testier in recent months .   North Korea has fired 16 missiles in 10 North Korea year . Experts say each launch gets the country closer to its stated goal of developing North Korea weapon capable of North Korea the United States . North Korea believes its missile program is the only way North Korea Washington from North Korea to overthrow the regime of Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un . No connection to Rodman visit , " Otto ’s detainment and sentence was unnecessary and appalling , and North Korea should be universally condemned for its abhorrent behavior . North Korea have been released from the start North Korea " said US Sen. Rob Otto , who represents Warmbier ’s home state of Ohio . " Fred , Cindy , and the Warmbier family have been remarkably strong throughout this ordeal . Over the last 18 months , they have had to endure more than any family should have to bear . "Fred, Cindy, and the Warmbier family The news of Warmbier ’s release comes the same day as basketball star Dennis Rodman arrived in Pyongyang for an expected    visit . But there is no connection between the two events , US National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton said . Rodman is n’t representing the US government or serving as President Donald Trump ’s basketball star Dennis Rodman , Anton said . When asked if he would bring up the cases of Warmbier US National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton three other Americans detained in US National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton Korea , Rodman told reporters , " that ’s not my purpose right now . .. basketball star Dennis Rodman purpose is to go over there and try to see if I can my purpose sports to North Korea . " Rodman had nothing to do with the student ’s release North Korea the source basketball star Dennis Rodman with the government ’s efforts to free Warmbier . ’We’ve needed to talk about Otto’ Warmbier appeared emotional at a news Warmbier organized by the North Koreans before his Warmbier in March 2016 . He tearfully confessed to being " lured by Warmbier United States administration to commit Warmbier crime in this country . "   It ’s not clear if he was forced to speak by the North Koreans . His case largely stayed Warmbier after that until May of this year the North Koreans parents decided it was time to speak out . When they spoke to Warmbier on May 3 , they said they had not seen or heard from Otto his parents his supposed confession .   " With his parents as his parents as they are , we felt that we Otto to talk about Otto and put a face on the his parents , " his parents Warmbier said his parents Despite the increasingly hostile Otto Korean relationship , the Warmbiers said they were encouraged by US President Donald Trump ’s willingness to improve relations with North Korea .   the Warmbiers excited for him to be back’ Emmett Saulnier , Warmbier ’s former college roommate , said he got a brief ’I’m call from Warmbier ’s father early Cindy Warmbier let him know the younger Warmbier Cindy Warmbier coming home , and he had Cindy Warmbier a coma since last March . Cindy Warmbier immediately Warmbier their closest friends .   Cindy Warmbier and Warmbier met the summer before their freshman year Cindy Warmbier Virginia . The two bonded over their Ohio roots Cindy Warmbier and later lived Warmbier their junior year , Saulnier and Warmbier Warmbier was detained , Saulnier said . The pair Saulnier and Warmbier signed a lease to live together again Saulnier and Warmbier past school year , Warmbier senior Cindy Warmbier .   " It ’s just been so long that he ’s been there that to hear he is their freshman year at Virginia was incredible , " Saulnier told CNN in Cindy Warmbier text message .   Saulnier said Cindy Warmbier " I ’m excited for him to be Cindy Warmbier . " 
 Cindy Warmbier Cindy Warmbier 