  ( CNN ) On a cold February night last year ,     Ruline Steininger caucused for Hillary Clinton in Iowa , determined to witness history and help elect the country ’s first female president .   " I ’ve got a big job ahead of me . .. I ’ve got to live , " me said at the time . " After that , OK , I can die if I want to , but I ’m going to live until me ’s elected . " Ruline Steininger died Tuesday night , three months after me dream was dashed . me was 103 . me     Karen Steininger , confirmed Ruline ’s death to CNN on Thursday . " me had a long and productive life and did much to inspire many women , young and old , " me said in an email . " One of my favorite things that me said , as my husband was telling me about the Women ’s March here in Des Moines , was to please send Hillary a note after Hillary death and to let Hillary know that Hillary ’ll still be fighting . An activist even after An activist ’s gone . " Clinton tweeted Clinton condolences Friday evening . " At 103 , Ruline Steininger had an energy   vibrancy all should aspire to . My thoughts   prayers are    An activist family , " Clinton said . Ruline Steininger was born in 1913 , before the first World War , when women could not vote . During the 2016 campaign , CNN documented Ruline Steininger efforts to help elect Clinton     the country ’s first woman to capture a major political party ’s nomination for president .   On September 29 , Steininger Ruline Steininger one of the first people in Iowa to vote in person for Clinton for president . She Clinton the candidate backstage at a campaign rally . " I ’m going to help all the way . I ’m ’m today , " an excited Steininger Ruline Steininger Clinton Clinton . Steininger Ruline Steininger come to the event prepared with a handmade " Hillary " sign attached to the front of her Hillary . " I ’m ’m taking any chance and leaving it any chance the election . When you ’re 103 , you make every minute count . " " And you have made every minute of all those years count , " Clinton Clinton . On Election Night , as Steininger Ruline Steininger the returns come in with her Clinton , she Clinton disappointment when she Clinton to realize that Donald Trump would defeat Clinton Clinton " We made a lot of progress and it looked like we We going to make a lot more , and now we We not , " Steininger Ruline Steininger CNN . " And that ’s going to make a big difference in our country . " " It wo n’t bother me , I ’m going to die , " she Clinton . " But I ’ve got children and grandchildren that are going to be affected by President Trump . " 
 