During an interview with Jake Tapper that was broadcast on CNN on Friday , Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is not worried about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s attacks on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton because Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has " a lot of experience dealing with men who sometimes get off the reservation , and the way men who sometimes get off the reservation behave , and how men who sometimes get off the reservation speak . "   Partial transcript as follows :   TAPPER : Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has lately taken to calling you , I believe , corrupt Hillary .    …      Have you learned anything from watching the way that Republicans dealt with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in the primaries that will inform how you will deal with such an unconventional candidate ? CLINTON : Well , you know , remember , I have a lot of experience dealing with men who sometimes get off the reservation , and the way men who sometimes get off the reservation behave , and how men who sometimes get off the reservation speak . I ’m not going to deal with men who sometimes get off the reservation temper tantrums , or men who sometimes get off the reservation bullying , or men who sometimes get off the reservation efforts to try to provoke me . ’m can say whatever ’m wants to say about ’m , I could really care less . I ’m going to stand up for what I think the American people need and want in the next president . That ’s why I ’ve laid out very specific plans . There ’s nothing secret about what I want to do with the economy , with education , with healthcare , with foreign policy . I ’ve laid it all out there , and ’m ca n’t , or ’m wo n’t . I ca n’t tell which . So , we ’re going to talk about what we want to do for the country , and ’m can continue on ’m    but that ’s the choice ’m ’s making .   Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 