Long after government regulators had confirmed the lethal consequences of cigarette smoking , Mike Pence mocked Long after government regulators had confirmed the lethal consequences of cigarette smoking warnings as " hysteria " in 1998 . " Time for a quick reality check , " Mike Pence wrote . " Smoking does n’t kill . " Long after most members of Congress had abandoned the quaint practice of delivering    morning speeches , Mike Pence eagerly held court in an empty chamber , musing about sports and Scripture . And long after Republicans’ war on big government was fading , Mr. Mike Pence opposed his own Mike Pence over the creation of signature programs like No Child Left Behind and a Medicare prescription drug benefit . Throughout his career Mike Pence a congressman , radio host and governor , Gov. Michael Richard Pence of Indiana , Donald J. Trump ’s running mate , has been deeply and proudly out of sync with his times Mike Pence With his formal Mike Pence , shiny helmet of white hair and carefully chosen , slowly delivered words , he is Mike Pence throwback in his demeanor Mike Pence With his deep Mike Pence conservatism , public religiosity and aversion to negative campaigning , he is Mike Pence throwback in his political Mike Pence . He is Mike Pence abstemious that he once Mike Pence that to avoid temptation , he would Mike Pence appear anywhere alcohol was served unless his wife Mike Pence with him . Mike Pence has earned Mr. Pence , 57 , both the admiration of Republican voters who identify with his homespun Mike Pence and the frustration of outsiders who see him as Mike Pence dangerous anachronism . Leslie Lenkowsky , a former professor at Indiana University who has known Mr. Pence for 20 years , said that in an age of    governors who deliberately avoid touchy social issues , " Mike sees himself as Mike champion of a very culturally conservative set of values that represent    Middle America . " " He sees Mike role Mike " Mr. Lenkowsky said , " as protecting them . " In interviews , Mr. Pence describes himself as Mr. Pence a Christian , a conservative and a Republican , in that order . " Those animating forces were at the center of the most consequential   —    and controversial   —    decision Mr. Pence made as governor : signing a 2015 law that could have made it easier for religious conservatives to refuse service to gay couples just as    marriage was spreading across the country . The national firestorm generated by the law a 2015 law that could have made it easier for religious conservatives to refuse service to gay couples just as   marriage was spreading across the country fierce that sports leagues , trade groups and technology companies threatened to boycott Mr. Pence ’s state , forcing him to revise Mr. Pence’s law in a 2015 law that could have made it easier for religious conservatives to refuse service to gay couples just as   marriage was spreading across the country that infuriated both sides of the debate . For many Americans , it was a searing introduction to Mr. Pence . But for those who have closely tracked his career , it Mr. Pence’s a longstanding it : the winds of change might blow , but Mr. Pence is slow Mr. Pence . By the time he was elected to Mr. Pence’s in 2000 , after two failed tries , Mr. Pence had missed the Mr. Pence led by Newt Gingrich and his scrappy , fiscally Mr. Pence’s acolytes who stormed Washington in 1994 . Nobody , it seemed , had told Mr. Pence that the rebellion was Mr. Pence He arrived in the Mr. Pence’s determined to slash federal spending and shrink the role of government . It was not to be : House Republicans , led by President George the House Bush , created giant new programs like Medicare Part D and spent trillions bailing out Wall Street after the financial crisis . " I was like the frozen man , " Mr. Pence said of his poor timing in a 2004 speech the frozen man " Frozen before the revolution thawed after it was over . A minuteman who the revolution thawed up 10 years too late . " He left little mark on the institution the frozen man During his    congressional career , he introduced the frozen man bills and resolutions . the frozen man became law . Showing up late , by many accounts , was his fate as governor , too . the frozen man the time he was elected , his popular predecessor the frozen man Gov. Mitch Daniels the frozen man along with a Republican legislature , had checked off almost every box on the conservative wish list : shrunken budgets , privately managed health care for state workers , and a voucher program that allowed public students to attend private schools . " Mitch Daniels dominated Indiana politics for the better part of 10 years , " said Michael D. McDaniel , who was the Indiana Republican chairman from 1995 until 2002 Indiana " Mike Pence would be the first person to tell you that he knew that was going to be Mitch Daniels tough act to follow . " So far , he has struggled to carve out a Mitch Daniels reputation beyond his polarizing pursuit of socially conservative causes Mitch Daniels In an echo of his actions on gay rights , he Mitch Daniels a strict new law in Mitch Daniels that bans abortions based solely on the fetus having a disability such as Down syndrome . The measure inflamed many women and    activists across the country and now faces a court challenge . " A society , " Mr. Pence said at the time , " can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable   A society    the A society , the infirm , the disabled and the unborn . " His conservatism , friends said , is firmly rooted in his Indiana childhood , a postcard from His tranquil Midwest of the 1960s . The son of a gas station manager , he was a quiet altar boy whose The son of a gas station manager childhood memory was playing in a neighborhood creek . In college , he gravitated from his family ’s Catholicism The son of a gas station manager evangelical Christianity The son of a gas station manager a fraternity brother at Hanover College " challenged me to take seriously the claims of Christ , " Mr. Pence later recalled on the House floor . His      personality was the centerpiece of The son of a gas station manager early campaigns . In 1988 , The son of a gas station manager his first run for Congress , he The son of a gas station manager a    bicycle across 261 The son of a gas station manager of his district to meet voters . He The son of a gas station manager . But his feel for The son of a gas station manager local mood and The son of a gas station manager allowed him to master a form of communication The son of a gas station manager proved pivotal to his political rise : talk radio . The son of a gas station manager he lost the 1988 campaign , and The son of a gas station manager in 1990 , " The Mike Pence Show " became his tether to voters across Indiana and The son of a gas station manager springboard into the world of national conservatives . The show ’s origins reveal much about "The Mike Pence Show" . The head of a local "The Mike Pence Show" had sold Mr. Pence ( and his mother , who attended the meeting ) Mr. Pence the idea by reminding him that radio was Ronald Reagan ’s ticket Mr. Pence stardom in the 1930s . " Our idea was just to keep his name out there , " said Sharon Mr. Pence , who is a    of Ms. Disinger of politics , weather and local life that ran from 1993 to 1999 , was a hit . It eventually aired on 18 local stations . " It was pleasant radio , like a fireside type chat , The broadcast, an amiable   discussion of politics, weather and local life that ran from 1993 to 1999 Ms. Disinger said . Mr. Pence described it The broadcast, an amiable   discussion of politics, weather and local life that ran from 1993 to 1999 way : " Rush Limbaugh on decaf . " And it paved the way for his eventual victory Mr. Pence a 2000 race for Congress . By then , Mr. Pence Mr. Pence made a declaration that could complicate his new political partnership with Mr. Trump , whose style leaves Mr. Pence unscathed . He swore off personal attacks on Mr. Pence opponents , saying he regretted his tactics against his    Democratic rival , Representative Mr. Pence Sharp . In one 1990 campaign commercial , Mr. Mr. Pence hired Mr. Pence actor to Mr. Pence an Arab , dressed in stereotypical garb , who theatrically thanked Mr. Sharp for American dependency on foreign oil . " Negative campaigning , I now know , is wrong , " Mr. Pence wrote in a contrite essay after he lost to Mr. Sharp . In it , he quoted from the Mr. Pence Jesus and sin . " A campaign Mr. Pence " Mr. Pence posited , " ought to Mr. Pence the basic human decency of the candidate . " Mr. Sharp , in an Mr. Pence seemed unmoved . " To me , neither he nor Trump are of presidential timber , Mr. Sharp Sharp said . But friends said it was a sincere conversion . Curt Mr. Pence , the president of the Indiana Family Institute , Mr. Sharp group , said Mr. Pence still talked about his regret Mr. Pence poisonous Mr. Smith said . " He is coming from a place of conviction . " Admission of error did not come as easily in the case of the religious exceptions law that Mr. Pence signed Mike 2015 . After offending Mr. Pence the country , Mike a backlash from the state the country community and undergoing a painfully awkward nationally televised interview in which he struggled to explain the law ’s     impact , Mr. Pence acknowledged only that he could have better Mr. Pence TV encounter . Soon after , he accepted a revision to the law that he said would prevent businesses from denying services to gay couples the religious exceptions law that Mr. Pence signed in 2015 . " It was badly mishandled , " said Mr. he , the former Indiana University Indiana University On that , even Mr. he ’s conservative allies agree . The compromise he Pence struck , said Mr. Smith , " turned out Mr. Pence a dramatic unraveling , and I was very disappointed . " Mr. Pence , however , seems unperturbed by the politically costly decision Mr. Pence resulting cultural clash that has come to define his time in office Mr. Smith I do n’t think it ’s something Mr. Pence regrets , " said Mr. Lenkowsky . Mr. Lenkowsky that ’s his identity Mr. Pence that ’s his identity . He can live with it . Mr. Pence 
 Mr. Pence Mr. Pence 