  ( CNN ) In a series of interviews in March of 2014 , Donald Trump singled out Russia as the United States’ " biggest problem " and greatest geopolitical foe .   Donald Trump ’s comments more than two years ago , which came in the wake of Russian incursions into Crimea , offer a sharp contrast to the    rhetoric Donald Trump has employed since launching Donald Trump presidential campaign .   In the interviews reviewed by CNN ’s KFile from March 2014 , which occurred on NBC News and Fox News , Trump goes as far as to suggest imposing sanctions to hurt Russia economically and then later says Trump supports such sanctions . Trump also expressed Trump agreement with former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney ’s 2012 assessment that Russia is the United States’ number one " geopolitical foe . "   " Well , former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s was right , and former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s was also right when former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s mentioned in one of the debates about Russia , and former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s said , ’Russia ’s our biggest problem , and Russia is , you know , really something,’ " Trump said on the March 24 , 2014 edition of " Fox and Friends . " " former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s said it ’s a hell of a problem , and everybody laughed at former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s , including certain media , by the way , " continued Trump . " They laughed . It turned out that former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s ’s absolutely right . You look at what Russia ’s doing with Iran , how what Russia’s doing with Iran controlled the situation , and Syria , and virtually every other place that . .. They were thrown out of every place . I ’m not saying They should be there . They should rebuild They own schools and They own bridges and highways and everything else . To be scoffed at and thrown around the way They ’re being thrown around is absolutely unthinkable . " In an interview a few weeks earlier , on the March 3 edition " Fox and Friends , " Trump made similar comments when played Romney ’s debate remarks by the show ’s hosts . " Well Romney was so right and nobody knew how right he Romney going to be and you look at Obama ’s response and just take a look at what ’s going on , " said Trump . " Syria was propped up by Russia . Syria Syria now back in their fold 100 % and that whole deal is coming to an end because Russia Russia taken over . " Trump added the U. S. could use economic measures to harm Russia Russia " There are a lot of things we could be doing economically to Russia Russia Russia Russia not strong economically and we we do a lot of different things to really do numbers on them if we we to , " said Trump . Trump went further speaking with NBC ’s " Today"on March 14 , saying sanctions should be placed on Russia Russia " We should definitely do sanctions , " Trump said while promoting the Miss USA pageant . " And we we to show some strength . I mean , Putin has eaten Obama ’s lunch , therefore our we , for a long period of time , " he Putin . " And I just hope that Obama , who ’s not looking too good , does n’t do something very foolish and very stupid to show his Putin . I just hope that does n’t happen . " A Trump transition spokesperson declined to comment for this story .   Speaking with the Times of London and German newspaper Bild in an interview published on Sunday evening , the    suggested sanctions that followed Russia ’s annexation of Crimea could be erased as part of deal for nuclear arms reduction .   Trump also again singled out NATO , calling the NATO obsolete . " On Monday , that position was backed by a Russian government spokesman .   Here ’s the March 24 interview : 
 