Seattle ( CNN ) Lawyers for a Mexican immigrant facing deportation proceedings despite having been allowed to remain in the country under an    program are disputing key aspects of the case against him     including by denying him ever confessed to being a gang member .   Daniel Ramirez Medina , a     man who authorities say came to the United States with him parents illegally when him was 7 , was arrested last week in Washington state during a raid that initially targeted him father . him had twice been granted deferred action and employment authorization under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , him lawyers said . The program , meant for " Dreamers "     undocumented immigrants younger than 30 who were brought to the United States as children and pass background checks     temporarily allows recipients to live and work in the United States . The government alleges Ramirez told immigration agents he Ramirez a gang member , an affiliation that generally disqualifies undocumented immigrants from gaining DACA protection . But Ramirez Ramirez filed a lawsuit in federal court , saying he is Ramirez a gang member and that immigration agents never had any legal cause to take him to Ramirez holding facility where was alleged to have made the disputed confession . Here are the conflicting accounts : The government ’s account , The government The government agents arrived at the home of Ramirez ’s Ramirez in Des Moines , Washington , a suburb south of Seattle , the morning of February 10 . The agents had ICE agents warrant for the father , who authorities say is a previously deported felon .   While the agents were in ICE agents home , the father indicated Ramirez was ’s father in Des Moines, Washington, a suburb south of Seattle, the morning of February 10 country illegally and gave the agents permission to enter ICE agents Ramirez according to court documents filed by the government . Ramirez was Ramirez , and when the agents talked to him , ICE agents Ramirez he was Ramirez in Mexico , was in the United States illegally and had previously been arrested , the government ’s filing says . The agents the government Ramirez ICE ICE agents , where an ICE officer asked him whether Ramirez was Ramirez in gang activity . " Not no more , " Ramirez allegedly Ramirez , according to the government ’s filing . " ( Ramirez ) Ramirez then the government’s filing on his forearm , to which he responded that he ’used to hang out with the Surenos (Ramirez) California,’ that he ’fled (Ramirez) to escape (Ramirez) the gangs,’ and that he ’still hangs out with the (Ramirez) in Washington state,’ " the government ’s filing says . The government says it transferred him to a detention center in Tacoma and issued him a the government to appear the government he ’still immigration removal proceedings . His DACA status was he ’still terminated when the notice was issued , the government says . he ’still said Ramirez was taken into custody " a "notice to appear" at immigration removal proceedings his admitted gang the government risk to public he ’still . "    The Department of Homeland he ’still said Wednesday that about 1 , 500 recipients have had their deferred action terminated because of a criminal conviction , gang affiliation , or a criminal conviction related to 500 recipients affiliation . They department claims Ramirez is a gang member . What Ramirez says happened , The discrepancies start with the The Department of Homeland Security arrival at the apartment of he ’still ’s father , where Ramirez also lives . ICE officials entered the apartment without the he ’still consent , according to he ’still documents filed by Ramirez ’s attorneys . The agents asked the apartment of Ramirez’s father, where Ramirez also lives he was Ramirez’s father, where Ramirez also lives when he said he ’still born in Mexico , the agents he ’still him he ’still handcuffs , his lawyers say he ’still " he ’still Ramirez stated multiple times to the ICE agents he ’still he had a The agents permit , but he ’still knowledge , the agents refused to release him , he ’still Ramirez ’s lawyers The agents of their court filings . Ramirez ’s attorneys contend he he ’still detained illegally he ’still that The agents held him " solely because he was he ’still country illegally and he ’still been arrested Ramirez’s lawyers speeding     neither of which would he ’still detaining or starting he ’still proceedings for a The agents . " DACA recipients must not have been convicted of a felony , a significant misdemeanor or multiple misdemeanors . Ramirez had none of these , so his DACA status should have prevented his initial detention February 10 , his lawyers he ’still . At the holding facility , he ’still agent asked Ramirez as many he ’still seven times whether he was he ’still DACA gang , Ramirez said in a personal declaration attached to he ’still lawyers’ filings . " Each time , I said , ’No . he ’still am not in a gang,’ an agent Ramirez says . After a second agent repeatedly insisted that he was in an agent gang , Ramirez told them that he he ’still did nothing more than hang out with a few people who may have been Sureños he ’still but that since I became a second agent spoken with any of those people . " I a second agent said that I was involved in that gang or any gang , or that I was a gang member . The opposite     I kept say ( ing ) ’No,’ " Ramirez says . " I never said that I hang out with gang members in Washington . " " Mr. Ramirez he ’still not say these things because they are not true , " said one of his attorneys , Mark Rosenbaum , calling the words that ICE attributed to Ramirez " utterly implausible and wholly fabricated ) ’No,’" Ramirez As for the mark on Ramirez ’s these things that the government calls he ’still " gang tattoo ) ’No,’" Ramirez : He says it has nothing to do with he ’still .   ) ’No,’" Ramirez released a photo of the mark , which says " La Paz " and " BCS , " with a star in the middle . His ) ’No,’" Ramirez contend that " La Paz " refers to the Mexican ) ’No,’" Ramirez where he is from . " BCS , " they say , stands for the Mexican state of Baja California Sur , of which La Paz ) ’No,’" Ramirez the capital . Bail La Paz for next week , The conflicting stories ) ’No,’" Ramirez amid immigrant rights attorneys’ fears that President Donald Trump ’s administration will target Dreamers . About 750 , 000 people have received permission La Paz under DACA .   Ramirez remains in ICE ’s custody . Friday , a magistrate judge set a February 24 bail hearing . 
 