MARIETTA , Ga.   —    Jen Cox bit Jen Cox tongue for years about Jen Cox progressive views for fear of hurting Jen Cox real estate business . " I felt very concerned about talking about my politics in any way , shape or form , " said Ms. Cox , who lives and works in a    suburban milieu north of Atlanta , where people do n’t confess to being Democrats until after a couple of glasses of Pinot Grigio at a dinner party . That changed with the election of President Trump .    liberals were jolted . Some joined women ’s marches in January , and many here have become active in    groups , galvanized by a special election this month to fill a vacant House seat that has long been in Republican hands . Ms. Cox    the group PaveItBlue to mobilize volunteers to elect the leading Democrat in the race , Jon Ossoff . Within three weeks , 1 , 000 people joined . With the national media descending on Georgia ’s Sixth Congressional District , and outside money pouring in , the contest is viewed as a major test of whether a wave of    activism since Mr. Trump ’s inauguration will produce change at the ballot box . Ms. Cox ’s group is one of more than a dozen popping out like dogwood blooms in these comfortable suburbs of brick homes , shopping malls and technology companies . Ms. Cox’s group have names like the Johns    Progressives Network , Roswell Resistance Huddle and Liberal Moms of Roswell and Cobb . If a Democrat were to win the seat   —    once held by Newt Gingrich , and recently vacated by Tom Price , who joined Mr. Trump ’s cabinet as secretary of health and human services   —    it would not be because of the $ 4 million that has come into the Ossoff campaign , much of it from national donors . Rather , it would be thanks to volunteer brigades roused by Mr. Trump’s election , who are knocking on doors , making phone calls and writing personalized post cards to turn out voters . Even though the district favors Republicans , special elections are    affairs a strong ground game by Democrats could upend the usual outcome . Mr. Ossoff , 30 , a documentary filmmaker and    candidate , is hoping for a knockout punch in the open primary on April 18 . All candidates in the race appear on the same ballot . If Mr. Ossoff Mr. Ossoff win more than 50 percent , it will eliminate a runoff . If Mr. Ossoff race the race a second round , scheduled June 20 , Ms. Cox the party ’s historic advantage . Ms. Cox recalls insisting to Mr. Ossoff that he use lawn signs , even after campaign Mr. Ossoff had ruled them out , arguing that they have no effect . She got in Mr. campaign consultants ’s face   — campaign consultants literally Mr. Ossoff says   Ms. Cox    and told him lawn signs would show shy Democrats like Ms. Cox Mr. Ossoff her friends that they are not alone . " If you want volunteer Ms. Cox and Ms. Cox working for you up in these red districts , you need to help us help you , " she recalls telling Mr. Ossoff . Today , there are lots of Ossoff signs . Ms. Cox acknowledged the surge of interest and energy powering Mr. Ossoff ’s Mr. Ossoff . " Nancy Pelosi and liberal politicians are flooding into Georgia Mr. Ossoff stop our Republican majority that ’s getting things done , " says the narrator of a TV ad running in the district from the National Republican Congressional Committee . " The stakes are too high to stay home . " Republicans expect their followers to coalesce around one candidate after April 18 . " We ’ve held this seat Republicans 37 years , and we ’re planning on keeping it for Republicans 37 , " said Maddie Anderson , a spokeswoman Republicans the Republican committee . this seat The vast majority of the district has no interest in being represented the National Republican Congressional Committee candidate with virtually no experience . the district Mr. Ossoff addressed the Johns    Progressives last week , in a subdivision called Medlock Bridge , he spoke of the young people involved in his campaign . " And there are a lot of moms , Mr. Ossoff a woman piped up from the back Mr. Ossoff " who are almost 50 who have never gone to anything like this in their whole life . " " Well , that ’s right , " Mr. Ossoff said . Afterward , supporters the young people involved in his campaign behind , describing their surprise that so many liberals had come out of the woodwork . " It ’s almost like being a supporters person and realizing there are other gay people in the world , " Tobie Kranitz Walters , a business consultant , said . Many newly hatched activists described a similar pathway , from feeling abashed about sharing their political views before November to feeling emboldened to act out of anger at the Trump administration . Jessica Zeigler Many newly hatched activists 32 , who works in the medical device industry , said she had cried for days when Ms. Zeigler first grade distraught that someone had told a Muslim classmate " now you Ms. Zeigler to leave . " " I ’d always been Ms. Zeigler by conservatives , and I was very uncomfortable sharing my views , so I did n’t , " Ms. Zeigler said . " I did n’t do any activism . I just voted . But I felt on Nov. 9 that was n’t enough . I was mad at myself . " On Saturday , Ms. Zeigler and some 25 members of two    groups gathered in the clubhouse of a community pool to write postcards to Democratic voters . Ms. Zeigler Carlson , 15 , wrote to one district resident , " As a high schooler my future means a lot to me , and it ’s in your hands . " She sat at a low table beside her mother , Kit Carlson , who trains bank employees . " When I Ms. Zeigler this group , it was crazy to find out Mrs. Carlson was not the only one , Mrs. Carlson Mrs. Carlson said . The groups are adept at using social media . They have private Facebook this group , Slack channels to coordinate volunteers and email blasts headlined " If you only do one thing today . " Lesley Bauer , who founded PaveItBlue The groups Ms. Cox , was asked the other day by the Ossoff campaign if she could find two dozen volunteers to drive voters to polls Ms. Bauer minutes,’ " Ms. Bauer recalled . " They said , ‘ What?’ They sent me a spreadsheet . I posted it to our closed Facebook group with 1 , 000 members . People filled it out immediately , and we sent it back . " Professional two dozen volunteers organizers , who are two dozen volunteers to struggling to enlist volunteers , said What?’ were two dozen volunteers something remarkable . " I ’ve never seen anything like it What?’ " said Amy Friedman two dozen volunteers Mr. What?’ ’s field director , a veteran of Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign in Iowa and Maryland . Professional campaign organizers, who are used to struggling to enlist volunteers Nothing we ’re doing would be possible without their existence , " Ms. Friedman said of Ms. Friedman On Saturday , 50 people signed in at an Ossoff field office in Marietta to knock on doors of likely Democratic voters . ’s presidential campaign in Iowa and Maryland Why are we doing this ? ’s presidential campaign in Iowa and Maryland a campaign staff member told the crowd , whose attire included " Resist " and " Dump Trump " ball caps . " This is the most effective way to turn out voters . If we can turn out enough , we can end this on April 18 . " Ms. Cox , walking a suburban street , knocked on the door of Kevin and Erin Jones . Their young daughter squealed when she heard the election date . " April 18 is my best friend ’s birthday and we ’re going to we ! " she said . Both parents said they planned to vote for Mr. Ossoff . Ms. Jones , who works in strategy for a communications Kevin and Erin Jones , said she had Their young daughter for Mrs. Clinton , but had April 18 put a sign in her yard . we There was just this stigma of being Their young daughter Democratic voter in Georgia , Both parents she said . There was also a reluctance to broadcast her support because of the strong hostility toward Mrs. Clinton Their young daughter Mr. Trump ’s election ended that . " I ’m all for balance , Their young daughter ’m just not for crazy , " Ms. Jones said . Ms. Cox asked if she would Their young daughter an Ossoff yard sign . Yes , said Ms. Their young daughter . She pointed to a spot near Mrs. Clinton . 
 Their young daughter Their young daughter Their young daughter Their young daughter Their young daughter 