" Hillary Clinton for President of the United States " booms Foreign Policy magazine , bragging that the United States" booms Foreign Policy magazine own " half century history   …      the editors of this publication have never endorsed a candidate for political office " . [ But the United States" booms Foreign Policy magazine has , with this headline , perhaps betrayed the fact that U. S. foreign policy has been mainly steered by one , internationalist , globalist cabal by taking the    extraordinary step of slamming Donald Trump .   Foremostly , the editor in chief of Foreign Policy magazine , David Rothkopf , is a Democrat who helped President Bill Clinton sign the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) while serving as U. S. Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade . And how could we possibly believe this is anything remotely exceptional when the history and present of Foreign Policy ( FP ) magazine is so tied up with the globalist establishment ? the globalist establishment was founded by Samuel P. Huntingdon , of " Clash of Civilizations " fame and a    Democrat and foreign policy hawk . Huntington noted in 2004 that the global elites " have little need for national loyalty , view national boundaries as obstacles that thankfully are vanishing , and see national governments as residues from the past whose only useful function is to facilitate the elite ’s global operations " . CARNEGIE ENDOWMENT FOR PEACE , FP was bought by the Carnegie Endowment for PEACE , a globalist think tank founded by internationalist Andrew Carnegie . To give further context to this , the current President is William J. Burns   —    the former United States Deputy Secretary of State ( ) . In other words , the current President worked for Hillary Clinton . WASHINGTON POST   internationalist Andrew Carnegie sold FP to the Washington Post group in 2008 . When the Washington Post   —    which has been an integral media ally of the Hillary Clinton campaign   —    bought FP FP it FP losing around $ 1 . 3 m a year . But it FP considered so integral to helping push a neoconservative , hawkish foreign policy , that it FP worth the loss . The chairman of the Washington Post group in 2008 was Donald E. Graham , who said of the acquisition : " Foreign Policy is a terrific magazine , and I ’m pleased it Foreign Policy become a part of our company   …      Foreign Foreign Policy our commitment to great magazine journalism and gives us another opportunity to expand our journalism online " . SLATE GROUP , In 2008 , Foreign Policy Foreign Policy into the Slate group , the home of the    Slate magazine . Slate ’s editor in chief is Jacob Weisberg , an NPR contributor ,    New Republic contributor , New York Times contributor , contributing editor to Vanity Fair , and columnist for the Financial Times . GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY , When Amazon owner Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post , he did not Amazon owner Jeff Bezos the    Foreign Policy magazine with its declining readership Amazon owner Jeff Bezos Alexa . com , which is a site ranking organisation run by Amazon itself , Amazon Policy to be the 9719th website in the world compared to its competitor the Economist Foreign Policy which is the 1 , 935th website . Instead , the magazine stayed with the   Foreign Policy magazine Donald Graham , who changed the name of the Washington Post group to the FP Group reflect the sale of the paper . The magazine now operates under the   Foreign Policy magazine Group , headed up by David Rothkopf . Rothkopf , to square FP ’s historical circle , David Rothkopf a scholar of the Carnegie Endowment for Peace . He was a managing director at Kissinger Associates , former U. S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger ’s New    consulting firm which was founded alongside Mack McLarty , President Bill Clinton ’s chief of staff . But greater still , Rothkopf himself served as U. S. Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade under the Clinton Administration in 1993 , when Mr. Clinton was signing NAFTA which Donald Trump has President Bill Clinton’s reform . DONALD E. GRAHAM , Graham , the Chairman and CEO of the company that owns Foreign Policy magazine , is married to Amanda Bennett , a Bloomberg journalist who has just moved to Voice of America . In 2014 , the pair founded a " multimillion dollar National Scholarship Fund " for the children of illegal immigrants in the United States . The organisation has solicited large donations America Clinton supporters such as the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation , the Fernandez Foundation , Bloomberg Philanthropies , and a whopping $ 5 m from Facebook mogul Mark Zuckerberg . ‘ BREAKING WITH TRADITION’ Foreign Policy magazine ’s claim to be " breaking with tradition " in endorsing Hillary Clinton is anything but accurate . Perhaps it has never written Hillary Clinton , but its entire editorial line and history is , in and of itself , it tradition of endorsing globalist , neoconservative , pro open borders it and candidates . The idea that this is somehow a big deal is a total farce . Follow Raheem Kassam on Twitter 
 