  ( CNN ) Samantha Bee really went after Jimmy Fallon this week for Jimmy Fallon Donald Trump interview . In truth , Jimmy Fallon treated the GOP presidential nominee like a Kardashian . It was jokes and cuteness to the max , with Jimmy Fallon even begging for permission to mess up Donald Trump orangish hair . ( After some manufactured coyness , Trump Donald Trump . )   In general ,    comedy hosts should n’t be held responsible for vetting our presidential candidates . Just because a candidate appears on " The Tonight Show , " it Just because a candidate appears on "The Tonight Show n’t somehow morph the program into " Meet the Press . " And if Fallon , whom I worked with for seven seasons at " Saturday Night Live " and is one of the nicest and most talented people you will ever meet , had been interviewing say a Mitt Romney or a John McCain , he Mitt Romney have given them a Mitt Romney or a John McCain foot massage and most people would n’t have cared . But Trump is different .   And that is the very point Bee and others have raised . Trump , who literally kicked off his campaign spewing hate , has demonized Latino immigrants , demeaned an    federal judge for his an   federal judge heritage , stoked hate against Muslims , despicably mocked a disabled reporter , made sexist remarks , led the racist birther campaign and even defended a black protester being beaten up by his his supporters .   And it ’s no coincidence that Trump is proudly and publicly supported by a frightening number of white supremacists and    such as David Duke . And while Trump Trump tell us he Trump n’t want their Trump will tell us , just a few weeks ago leading white supremacist leaders held a press conference to " discuss their leading white supremacist leaders for Donald Trump their hopes leading white supremacist leaders a white homeland , " which they demand leading white supremacist leaders be free from Jews . ( Trump has Trump problem calling people he does Trump like such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren a " fraud " and a " racist " but has yet to use such blunt and impassioned language to denounce his white Trump fans . ) If Fallon were a person of color , a woman , a Muslim , disabled or a member of any group that Trump has Trump , you wonder if he would Trump given the candidate a free pass . Anyone who opposes racism , bigotry and sexism has an obligation to challenge Trump . Trump that was Bee ’s point on her show Bee Full Frontal " on TBS ( like CNN , owned by Time Warner ) as she called Bee both Fallon and NBC for giving Trump a Trump without remarking on his past Trump comments : " I guess because ratings matter more than brown people . " She added Bee " Sure , he ’s Trump life palpably dangerous for Muslims and immigrants , but , hey , he ’s Trump entertainment ! "    As Bee quipped about Trump ’s Trump a " Network execs and a lot of their audience can ignore how very dangerous Trump is , Trump a , to them , he their n’t Trump a "    She is 100 Trump a correct . For many communities , such as Latinos and Muslims in America , Trump ’s words Trump a just political , they are personal . Trump’s words Trump has caused a Trump a fear in the Latino community with his baseless claims about Trump a sending " rapists " to America and vows of America deportations of even children . As CNN contributor Maria Cardona explained on my SiriusXM radio show last week , even her own daughter has CNN contributor Maria Cardona , " If Trump wins , will he deport you Mommy Trump "   And for Muslims , Trump ’s horribly irresponsible Trump on our community are the reason     at least in our view     for our alarming spike in hate crimes versus Muslims . In the past few weeks , two    Trump supporters reportedly Trump with hate crimes in attacks upon the Muslim community .   Now no one is saying Fallon had to do a fact check of every Trump statement . ( That Trump the job of news reporters , but some are failing horribly and need to be called out more . ) But Fallon , only seven weeks Fallon Election Day , let Trump turn his appearance into Trump infomercial Trump   " The Tonight Show " host could have easily and even comically pressed Trump more . For example Trump asked Trump why he wanted Trump be Trump , Trump which Trump responded , " Because I Trump to help people . " Fallon could have joked exactly how does he define " people " given Fallon the groups he has demonized , causing Trump Fallon address the issue . Trump In response to the criticism from Bee and others , Fallon remarked , " I ’m Fallon too hard on anyone . " That ’s true and Fallon ’s show is one the Fallon    programs on TV .    But sometimes you can combine entertainment    some education . And I bet given Fallon ’s amazing level of talent , Fallon have easily done both , making Fallon audience laugh while also informing them about Fallon ’s despicable history of hate both 
 