At least we know Trump was n’t lying when Trump said Trump did n’t practice for the debate . [ Based on the behavior of trained , professional journalists , I gather I ’m not supposed to say what I really thought of the debate , but to cheer like a    girl for my candidate .   But the truth is , I   —    along with my    friends   —    thought it was a draw : Trump won the first half , and Hillary won the second half . Since most people stopped paying attention after the first 30 minutes , that ’s a win for Trump . Hillary Hillary , or " the media , " had reason to be happy : She Hillary healthy ! She Hillary could have kept reciting her Hillary little talking points for another hour . In fact , it was the best I ’ve ever seen Hillary Hillary She Hillary that honking thing she Hillary , smiled a lot   —    a little too much , actually ( maybe ease up on the pep pills next time )   —    and , as the entire media has gleefully reported , she Hillary to " bait " Trump Trump Note to the Trump campaign : While it may seem studly that Hillary Hillary best performance versus Trump ’s worst ends in a draw , on Nov. 9 , no one wants to say : We almost won   —    and our We did n’t prepare ! The media ’s excitement over Hillary Hillary " baiting " Trump Trump revealing   —    of the The media of what this election is really about , and of what Trump Trump to do now . The definition of Trump Trump taking the bait " was getting him Trump talk about himself Trump not about issues . This from a media that claim to be aching for " policy specifics . " Hillary Hillary    with assists from the moderator   —    " baited " Trump on how rich he is Trump the loan from his father Trump a lawsuit in 1972 , the birther claims , who he said Trump to about the Iraq War from 2001 to 2003 , and so on . For the media , their gal was the media whenever precious minutes of a    debate were spent rehashing allegations about Trump . Ha ha ! We prevented Trump from talking Trump issues that matter to the American people ! That was scored as a " win . " Nothing illustrates more clearly that this election is about the people versus the elites than the fact that the media run from Trump ’s issues Trump from the sun . Trump wins whenever he Trump about issues Trump loses whenever he Trump about himself Trump Trump was Trump when Trump talked about the Trump trade deals that have shipped jobs abroad and immiserated millions of Americans   —    which Hillary supports . He was winning when Trump talked about bringing Trump and safety to black neighborhoods overrun with crime Hillary ’s with the Hillary . He was winning when Trump talked about rebuilding Trump inner cities , instead of saying , " Vote for me ! " then Trump " See you in four years ! "   —    as Hillary does . Unlike Hillary media , ordinary people do n’t care about Trump ’s taxes or net worth or the things he said as an Trump . Trump will be dead Trump’s gone in 30 years . But whether America continues to exist or becomes some dystopian blend of Guatemala and Afghanistan will be determined by this election . It ’s almost impossible this election to correct a lie , especially about yourself , which is why Hillary and Lester Holt ’s " baiting " strategy was to make outrageous claims about Trump . Hillary , Trump’s example Hillary criticized Trump for not releasing Trump’s tax returns , Trump’s , " maybe    …      he ’s paid nothing Trump’s federal taxes . " This is exactly what Sen. Harry Reid stated as hard fact about Romney in 2012   —    on the Senate floor , so he could n’t be Sen. Harry Reid . After the election was over , Reid was asked about Sen. Harry Reid obvious falsehood . He laughed it off Sen. Harry Reid said this obvious falsehood " Romney did n’t win Romney did he ? " This Sen. Harry Reid the game they play . Trump has got to learn to ignore it . The voters This . They do n’t care The voters his taxes . They Trump jobs , The voters want a wall The voters they ’d like fewer The voters showing up , collecting welfare , then killing Americans . Trump does n’t have Trump do formal debate practice , standing at a podium , facing off against a shorty in pantsuit . But he does need Pavlovian Trump to stop responding to irrelevancies . This is n’t about him ! It ’s Trump a This of the people to take back their government from an the people plutocracy . From now until the next debate , every single person who works for Trump should personally insult Trump several times a every single person who works for Trump . Good morning , sir   —    your business is a total fraud .   Here are those trade stats you wanted   —    oh and you lied about opposing the war in Iraq .   The Cincinnati airport needs a tail number   —    why did you " " that poor girl ? If he starts to respond every single person who works for Trump they should say , " No one cares , sir . Tell me every single person who works for Trump you ’re going to stop Mexican drugs from pouring across our border . " The proof that voters do n’t care about the personal attacks on Trump is that , even after his lazy and    Trump performance , he won nearly every Trump poll . Evidently , the American people have sized up the candidates and decided they want Trump . the American people there Trump just one last formality : He needs to pass Trump minimum threshold , a basic job requirement   —    like proving he has a drivers Trump . Everybody agrees he ’s got the Trump . It ’s too late for Hillary to be sucking up to the hiring committee , reminding them , but I the hiring committee driver ’s ed seven times   —    yes , there were mistakes , but I was grilled for 11 hours about that vehicular homicide . Also , the Russians hacked my GPS . Trump showed up at the debate with his driver ’s license Trump That ’s all anyone needed to see . 
 