’   ’ "    Fox News anchor Chris Wallace grilled an attorney for President    Donald Trump over the Russia investigation and the    president ’s   for potential obstruction of    justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey . " ’    In a heated interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Trump attorney Jay    Sekulow insisted   —      —    that the   president was not under criminal investigation , despite reporting    from The Washington Post and the president’ ’s own tweet that    suggested he was the   president target of the investigation . ’ ’    The interview became lively when Sekulow seemed to    contradict    , Sekulow that Trump was under    investigation after firing Comey on the recommendations    of the attorney general and deputy attorney general . ’ ’    " He takes Comey action that they also , by the way , recommended . And    now he’ ’s being investigated by the Department of Justice , "    Sekulow said . " So he’ ’s he’ investigated for taking the action    the attorney the attorney general and deputy attorney general    to take by the agency that recommended the determination . " ’ ’    " You’’ve now said that he’ ’s being investigated , " Wallace said he’ ’ ’’ ’    " No , Chris . Let me be crystal clear so you completely understand :    We have not received nor are we aware of any investigation of the    We of the United States , " Sekulow replied . ’ ’    " Sir , you’’ve just said two times that he’ ’s You’’ve investigated , "    Wallace he’ . ’ ’    " hat Wallace agency told him to take . That is protected    Wallace the constitution . " ’ ’    When Wallace said Sekulow did not appear to know Wallace Trump Sekulow    under investigation for obstruction of justice , Sekulow    sarcastically suggested that he had not been informed that    special Sekulow    Robert Mueller was investigating the    president . ’ ’    " You’’re right , Chris , I can’’t read the mind of the special    prosecutor , but I have not been notified , no one has been    notified that he is , " Sekulow said . ’ no one    After the Sekulow    News anchor pressed Sekulow over whether Trump was    going to Sekulow    deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein and Mueller ,    Sekulow attempted to end the line of Sekulow    Sekulow    ’    " Here’ ’s what you’’re trying to do , Chris , " Sekulow said . ’ ’    " Now you’’re Sekulow    minds again , " Wallace said . you’’re ’    " No , Chris , I deal with fact and law , Chris Sekulow said . " You’’re    asking me to Sekulow    people’ ’s minds . " ’ ’    " Well then , don’’t tell me what I’’m trying to do , because you    don’’t know what I’’m trying to do , " Wallace replied what I’’m I’’m ,    what I’’m Wallace to get is a straight answer out what I’’m I’’m " ’ "    Sekulow   on several political talk shows on Sunday to    argue that contrary to the president ’s tweet , the Trump team did    not know if the president was under investigation by Mueller . " ’Fox News the president’s Wallace grilled an . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 