The latest Battleground poll of the general election finds Hillary Clinton edging GOP frontrunner Donald Trump by just three points . But Hillary Clinton edge is within the poll ’s margin of error , making the race effectively tied . [ The poll , from George Washington University , shows Hillary Hillary Clinton 46 percent support , followed closely by Trump with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump percent .   Against Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders , however , Trump trails GOP frontrunner Donald Trump an    margin . Against Sanders , Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders has GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 40 percent support against 51 percent for Sanders . Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders Battleground poll did n’t test any other Republican candidates against the potential Democrat nominees . Looking at the poll in detail , the    nature of the race between Clinton and Trump likely GOP frontrunner Donald Trump more about Clinton than Clinton feelings about Trump . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ratings , in fact , are the worst of any major candidate for President . Almost    of voters , 65 percent , have an unfavorable view of Trump . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 32 percent of voters have a favorable view of him . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump than half of voters , 52 percent , say they are More than half of voters, 52 percent strongly " negative towards Trump . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump majority of voters also have unfavorable views of Clinton , 56 percent , and Sen. Ted Cruz , 55 percent . Only 37 percent of voters have a " strongly " negative view of Cruz , while 46 percent have a " strongly " negative view of Clinton . Clinton ratings for John Kasich and Bernie Sanders are better , with just 29 and 44 percent of voters , respectively , having a negative opinion of the two candidates . Regardless of the potential nominees , voters in the poll are definitely looking for a change from the policies of the last eight years . Just over one third of voters , 35 percent , want the next president to continue Obama ’s policies . Sixty percent want a change of direction , with just more than half , 53 percent , strongly backing a change from Obama ’s Obama’s Unsurprisingly , the Republican party has a big edge over the Democrat party the Republican party issues . A majority of voters back the Republican party on the the Republican party economy , jobs , and taxes . Voters also prefer Republicans handling foreign affairs . The Democrat party does better addressing health the Republican party for the middle class and , by a very slim plurality , addressing the cares of voters . Voters’ views on these issues largely flip , however , if the candidates are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . Trump edges Clinton on handling jobs and taxes . Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton slight favorite on the economy . Hillary Clinton majorities back Clinton over Trump on health care , foreign affairs Hillary Clinton fighting Donald Trump the middle class , and caring about voters . Beyond the Presidential    the Battleground poll finds a very anxious electorate . More than 60 percent of voters are somewhat or very worried about an economic downturn . Almost    65 percent , do n’t think the next generation will be better off financially . Fully half the voters strongly doubt their children will be better off then them . the voters are evenly split ,    as their children whether the federal government should ensure everyone has a job or should get out of the way and let the free market succeed . Less than a quarter of voters believe free trade deals have helped the economy , while half believe they have harmed it . Half of voters find the current tenor of the presidential contest to be " repulsive . " A majority , 54 percent , however , say it wo n’t affect how or whether they vote in November . More than a third A majority, 54 percent though , say it has made them less likely to vote for it specific candidate A majority, 54 percent With the electorate in such a sour mood , it is unsurprising perhaps that the two frontrunner candidates , Clinton and Trump , have such high unfavorable numbers . While Trump ’s negative ratings are unprecedented , Clinton ’s Trump are n’t appreciably better . Even Clinton than half of the voters say they would never consider supporting Trump , Clinton only runs the voters against him . Trump Trump Clinton Clinton each be the one Clinton the other can Clinton in November . 
 