  ( CNN ) Warning : This story contains graphic language . Donald Trump engaged in crude and demeaning conversations about women over a     with radio    Howard Stern , according to a review by CNN ’s KFile of hours of newly uncovered audio . Among the topics Donald Trump discussed : Donald Trump daughter Ivanka ’s physique , having sex with women on women menstrual cycles , threesomes , and checking out of a relationship with women after women turn 35 .   Trump ’s long track record of making misogynistic comments and engaging in lewd conversations about sex took on a new and much darker tone on Friday night , when the Washington Post published audio of Trump , caught on a hot mic in 2005 , bragging about how women let him do whatever him wants to women because Trump’s . While Trump ’s comments   —    in which him describes forcing him upon women   —    stand apart from anything him has said in the past , Trump has long engaged in sexually explicit banter over the years , particularly on Stern . Trump appeared on Stern ’s radio Stern decades , and while many of Trump appearances have been reported on , KFile ’s review has turned up previously unreported examples of Trump engaging in crude conversations .   On Trump physique , In more than one interview with Stern , Trump took Trump in Stern about Ivanka Trump ’s appearance , including one about the size of her breasts . In an October Ivanka Trump interview , Stern remarks that Ivanka " looks Stern voluptuous than ever , " and asked if she had gotten breast implants . Stern is Trump to engage in the discussion about his own Trump , telling Stern that she did not get Stern . Stern " She ’s actually always been very Stern , " Trump responds Trump " She ’s tall , she ’s Stern 6 feet tall Stern she ’s been , she ’s Stern amazing beauty . Stern In another interview , from September 2004 , Stern asks Trump if Trump can Stern Ivanka " a Stern of ass , " to which Trump responds Trump the affirmative .   " My daughter is beautiful , Ivanka , " says Trump . Trump By the way , your daughter , " says Stern My daughter " She ’s Stern , " responds Stern . Trump " Can I say this ? A piece of ass , " Stern responds .   " Yeah Stern " says Trump . Trump On women ’s ages , In his interviews Trump Stern , Trump discussed Trump women Stern a certain age and dating younger women .    In a 2002 appearance , Trump calls Trump " a perfect age . " " Until she ’s 35 , " a    interjects . " What is it at 35 ? It ’s called    time , " it responds Trump   In a 2006 interview , Stern asks Trump , Trump Do you think you could now be banging    ? " " Oh , absolutely , " Trump says Trump   " Would you do it ? , " asks Stern .   " I ’d have Stern problem , " Trump said Trump Stern then asked Trump if Trump has Stern age limit .   Stern No , I have no age   —    I mean , I have age limit . I do n’t want to be like Congressman Foley , with , you know ,    . " On his own sex life , Trump frequently Congressman Foley about his personal sex life on Stern ’s Congressman Foley program , which included Stern engaging in a discussion about having Congressman Foley with women on their menstrual cycles .   " Will you women sex with a woman if she ’s having her period ? Go ahead a woman " Stern a woman Trump in Trump 1997 interview . Stern " I thought he was looking at Kate when he said Stern , " Trump responded Trump Stern at his " Art of Comeback "    and Stern guest Kate Bohner . " She ’s done that . " " Donald a woman seriously , you would not , right , am I correct ? , " asked Stern . " Well , I ’ve been Stern . I have been there Howard , as we all have , " Trump responded Trump   " You do n’t like it ? , " asked Stern . " Well , sometimes you get Stern by mistake , " Trump said Trump In the same interview , Stern also asked Trump , Trump " Have Stern had a black women in bed ? " " Well , it depends on what your definition of black is , " responded Trump . Trump " Interesting . I like this discussion . His bed is a rainbow , " Stern Stern .   " The rainbow coalition Stern as Rev. Jesse would say , " Trump said Trump   Later in the interview , Trump says Trump lost Trump virginity Trump " about 14 . " " It was a young woman , who was really beautiful , she the Trump little girl in high school or grammar school or whatever , " Trump said Trump " She was Trump . I have n’t seen her . Trump have n’t seen her . Trump In a 2008 interview , Trump said Trump was Trump having " a lot " of sex with his wife Trump .   Later , when    Artie Lang asked Trump if Trump ever had a threesome     describing multiple   Artie Lang together weighing 300 pounds     Trump willingly Trump in the affirmative , and actually suggests he has Trump with three women collectively weighing 375 pounds .   " I would n’t say 300 , I would say could be about 375 , " said Trump . Trump " I figure 125 a piece as opposed to 100 . " " Have n’t we all , " Trump added Trump men having threesomes , " are we babies ? " In an 1993 appearance , Stern and Trump discussed Trump men who can not get dates , when Stern says the difference with Trump is Trump Stern satisfies the women he sleeps with . Stern " And I Stern n’t care less , " Trump replied Trump On Tiger Woods , In an April 2010 show , Trump engaged Trump a discussion on the marital infidelities of    Tiger Woods . In the discussion , Trump Tiger Woods extremely explicit discussions a discussion on the marital infidelities of   Tiger Woods on Woods ’s sexual habits . " Do you believe Tiger Woods sex addiction ? " Stern asked Trump during Trump discussion of Woods and his Stern on Woods’s Trump Nordegren .   " Tiger Woods , I believe people like sex a lot , " Trump said Trump " People like you , people like me . Tiger . " Asked if he ever Trump Stern on Woods’s two or three women in one day , Trump responds Trump " I have no comment . Look , I like sex , so do you . " " She ’s Trump , she ’s Trump though right ? , " Stern asked Trump of Trump Trump said he ’s Trump to Trump since his Elin Nordegren scandal broke Trump the news . ’Yeah , she ’s fine , Trump said Trump . " You Trump n’t think she ’s that hot Trump , " Stern asked . " It depends by what standard , " Trump Stern . " Trump standard are you judging ? " " I have a very high standard , " added Trump . " Howard Trump , because he got me in a lot of trouble once , he went Howard a list of 15 supermodels . You remember the Howard of supermodels . And he ’d ask me , ’how a list of 15 supermodels she?’ And Howard was married at the time , you know this was not a she?’ question to be asking . " " I think she ’s good , " Trump added of Nordegren Trump attractiveness . " No , she?’ ’d say she ’s a solid nine , solid nine yeah , " Trump said , when she?’ how he ’d rate her Trump When Stern suggested to him he should do Trump show where he just she?’ women , Trump said , " Stern may be the best idea Stern all I would say I ’m the    judge , do n’t forget , I own the Miss Universe pageant . " " Mr. Trump I ’m Trump directly , is her ass too big ? " Stern asked . " No , " Trump replied . she?’ Body Trump ? " Stern Stern .   " Very nice , " responded Trump . " She ’s Trump Stern , is she a 10 , you know what a 10 is she?’ " Trump asked . Stern she?’ Trump up one of Woods ’s mistresses , saying , " She does a Stern where Tiger Woods —    I ’m gon na be a little she?’ graphic —    Tiger stood her on her head     listen to this . .. " " Spun her around , she?’ Trump she?’ while laughing . Trump No , no , no , she?’ said Stern . " He put his penis in her behind and then put his fingers in Stern vagina . Stern " Stern responded by she?’ , Trump he ’s Stern done that position . Trump added that Woods is Trump " not gay Stern " On beauty pageant contestants , In an April 2005 episode , Stern asked Trump if there was ever Trump time when he had sex with Miss Universe Stern Miss USA contestants . " I never comment on Stern like that , " Trump answered . Later , Trump Lang interjects from the background , " Give us the first letter of the country you had sex with . " " How many letters are there ? " Trump joked .   Stern Trump posed a scenario wherein one of the beauty pageant contestants went up to Trump Stern asked to have Trump with him . " Now you ’re not the type that would say no , " Stern Stern . " I do n’t want to hurt their feelings , " Trump replied Stern    Robin Trump then asked Trump if sleeping with the Trump could be construed as a conflict of interest .   " It could be a conflict of interest , " Trump said . " But Trump you know , it ’s the kind of thing you worry about later , you tend to think about It conflict a little bit later on . " Stern then put on a fake foreign a conflict of interest saying that " some of these foreign Stern " say hello " with vagina . " " Well , what you could also say is that , as the owner of the pageant , it ’s your obligation to do that , " Trump said , before the Miss Universe pageant he got away with going Trump when the contestants were naked .   " Well , I ’ll tell you the funniest is that before a show , I ’ll go backstage and everyone ’s getting dressed , and everything else , and you know , no men are anywhere , and I ’m allowed to go in because I ’m the owner of the pageant and therefore I ’m inspecting it , " Trump said . " ’m Trump , the Miss Universe pageant inspecting because I want to ’m sure the owner of the pageant everything is good . " " You know , the ’m . ’Is everyone okay?’ You know , they ’re standing there with no clothes . ’Is everybody okay?’ And you see these incredible looking women , the dresses so , I sort of get away with things like that . But no , I ’ve been very good , " he added . Later in Trump episode , Stern asks Trump to assure his audience Trump " the chicks will be almost naked " Stern his pageant , saying Stern Trump that before he bought Trump contest , " they were Stern to the Miss Universe pageant who were educated over Stern who were hot . " " They had a the chicks who was extremely proud that a number of the women had become doctors , " Trump the chicks . " And Trump was n’t interested . " He continued , " I Trump went on the ’Today Show’ with Katie Couric a while ago , six years ago , and we had a woman running the pageant who was really into the whole thing of education and everything and I said , ’Look , if you ’re looking for a rocket scientist , do n’t turn in tonight . But if you ’re looking for a really beautiful woman , you should watch . ’ " Stern approved of Trump ’s approach , saying Trump I ’d rather have a retarded hot woman than a slob who ’s a doctor . " In a July 2008 appearance , Trump said he got a case Trump the Trump the shakes , " when it was said Miss Universe would Trump held in Vietnam . " The contest of all places was in Vietnam , which was very nice , I got a case of the shakes , " Trump said . " It Vietnam Trump Vietnam . Vietnam ’s a hot country . But , you know , when I was going to high school , Vietnam I Vietnam going to college Vietnam was like the big deal . Like you have to leave college and go fight    . And I said Vietnam ’excuse me?’ Now I ’m going to Vietnam for a beauty pageant . " On Paula Jones , In a 2002 episode , Trump discussed the celebrity boxing Vietnam Trump Paula Jones , who in the 1990s accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment . " It was interesting . That Paula Jones fight , she was not very talented . That was pretty pathetic , " Trump said .   " Paula Jones funny because Paula Paula Jones would get hit , she ’d run , " Robin Quivers said .   " She would run , it Paula Jones bad she did n’t run Paula Jones that Robin Quivers ( Clinton ) , " Trump replied . Paula Jones On infidelity Trump In a 1993 interview Paula Jones Trump and Stern engaged in a Trump about Bill Clinton in marriage , Stern and Trump how Trump was shocked when he told Trump that he Stern n’t cheat Trump his wife . Stern Donald asked me Stern the commercials   — Stern I do Donald think you mind me saying it   —    he says to me , ’so you do n’t get it on Donald anybody ? Donald " Stern says . " I said the commercials   really faithful to my wife’ and Stern goes ’you’re kidding ? Really ? the commercials   ’s that all about?’ " I can say to Howard ’s wife , that ’s true , " Trump my wife’ . Howard He did Trump that to me . It ’s great . " Howard Trump adds , " Donald was Trump faithful to my wife for many years , until I realized the marriage was n’t gon na work . " Later in the interview , Trump complained about his Howard’s wife Trump accent    Trump The funny thing marriage is the accent got worse as she grew older , and some people said she wanted it to happen . The accent actually became more pronounced as years Ivana by , " Trump said . Ivana " It Trump like the Chinese torture Ivana You know , the water drops on your head , " Trump said .  
 Trump 