Here ’s a hypothetical look at where Donald Trump ’s taxes would have gone , assuming Donald Trump’s paid Donald Trump’s taxes . Hillary Clinton insinuated at the first presidential debate that Donald Trump’s has not paid Donald Trump’s share in taxes .   " Maybe Donald Trump’s does n’t want the American people , all of you watching tonight , to know that Donald Trump’s ’s paid nothing in federal taxes , " Hillary Clinton said . Donald Trump’s jumped in briefly , saying , " That makes me smart . " The questions about Donald Trump’s contribution to the federal coffers have emerged because Donald Trump’s has steadfastly refused to release Donald Trump’s tax returns . Donald Trump’s has claimed Donald Trump’s can not provide he has steadfastly refused to release his tax returns while under audit , an excuse that has tax lawyers scratching he has steadfastly refused to release his tax returns heads . Donald Trump’s did say Donald Trump’s would release the returns if Clinton were to provide tens of thousands of emails deleted from Clinton private system during Clinton tenure as secretary of state . After the debate , Clinton told CNN ’s Jim Acosta : " Of course I ’ve paid federal taxes . "   Clinton total income , however , is difficult to nail down . Clinton touted Clinton financial disclosure forms , and although Clinton are lengthy , Clinton offer less than a full picture . In Clinton forms , Clinton declared that Clinton earned $ 611 million between January 2015 and    2016 .   However , it is difficult to tell what form Clinton varied sources of reported income amount to , and whether Clinton is conflating revenues with income . The Wall Street Journal estimated Clinton pretax income over 19 months in 2014 and 2015 would have been $ 160 million , so for speculative purposes , let The Wall Street Journal use that total and assume that total ’s all " passive income , " like an owner would collect     rents .   Using HR Block ’s tax calculator , someone with a $ 160 million income could owe $ 69 , 370 , 931 in federal taxes . That ’s a lot     almost half     and it would be even more with the considerable state and local taxes a New York City resident would have to pay . Trump would likely benefit from multiple tax deductions , which could lower Trump tax rate substantially . We do n’t know exactly because Trump wo n’t release Trump tax returns .   Trump paid just a 14 % tax rate the year before he Trump for president , for instance . But since we ’re making assumptions on how much money Trump Trump , for the sake of this exercise , let ’s we assume he Trump the full tax rate without any deductions . Where would all this hypothetical tax money go if and when the government collected it all this hypothetical tax money Clinton rattled off plenty of places at the debate . " If he Clinton paid 0 , that means 0 for troops , 0 for vets , 0 for schools or health , " Clinton Clinton . The White House has its The White House tool to show taxpayers what it The White House their taxpayers is going to . A speculative " taxpayer receipt " for Trump during the most recent fiscal year showed his Trump have gone approximately : $ 19 . 1 million to healthcare , $ 16 . 6 million to defense , $ 12 . 6 million to " job and family security " ( e. g. federal and military retirement programs , food assistance like SNAP , Temporary Assistance to Needy Families , or TANF ) $ 6 . 3 million paying down interest on the national debt , $ 4 . 1 million for veterans benefits , $ 3 . 6 million education , $ 1 . 4 million for immigration and law enforcement , $ 1 . 3 million for foreign aid and other international affairs , $ 1 . 1 million for energy and environmental considerations , $ 783 , 891 for NASA and other scientific endeavors , $ 672 , 898 for agriculture , $ 2 . 9 million for everything else , including disaster relief , community development and the milieu of other government programs , That ’s a lot , but looking back , this would be just a drop in the federal bucket . The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities said the federal government spent $ 3 . 7 trillion in 2015 . Not counting new borrowing , $ 3 . 2 trillion of that came from federal revenues . Most of the federal budget is focused on three areas : health care , social security and defense . The rest goes to a    of investments , benefits and safety net programs . Some of these include outlays for research , education and veterans . The remaining sliver goes to paying interest on the country ’s debt . The national debt is currently on course to reach $ 20 trillion . 
 