WASHINGTON   —    When Donald J. Trump goes low , congressional Republicans go quiet . congressional Republicans tolerance of Donald J. Trump , even at the risk of humiliation , stems from a complex brew of political , policy and personal calculations that differ somewhat between party leaders and officials up for   . But on one point , all sides agree : They all sides never seen a comparable situation , with a presidential nominee in open warfare with party leaders after a nominating convention . And Mr. Donald J. Trump provocations are making the Republicans’ control of the Senate , perhaps even the House , more tenuous . Many Republicans , even those whose contempt for Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump ill will Many Republicans, even those whose contempt for Mr. Trump matches their ill will for President Obama President Obama , still view the choice between Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton as a binary one , with    implications for every policy area they care about Many Republicans, even those whose contempt for Mr. Trump matches their ill will for President Obama from judicial appointments to the economy to immigration . They believe that immigration Trump , guided by a    Congress , will break their way more immigration Mrs. Clinton ever Hillary Clinton For others , the vacancy on the Supreme Court   —    and its potential to reshape the Supreme Court   high court ’s rulings for years   —    overshadow almost everything else , even their nominee ’s increasingly erratic statements and grasp of basic facts . " The Supreme Court is the Supreme Court that will have the single most    effect on the nation , " said Representative Jason Chaffetz , Republican of Utah , where Mr. Trump is struggling to win over an overwhelmingly Republican state . Congressional Republicans who are up for     —    especially the handful like Senators John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire who still face primaries   —    have made a basic calculation . They have criticized Mr. Trump , Congressional Republicans who are up for    —   especially the handful like Senators John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire who still face primaries  —    not withdrawn Mr. Trump . And party leaders have Congressional Republicans who are up for    —   especially the handful like Senators John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire who still face primaries  —    the more distance they put between themselves and Mr. Trump party leaders the more party leaders they are to lose their congressional majorities party leaders Alienating Mr. Trump party leaders supporters would cost them Mr. Trump votes to lose their seats ’s supporters Their fears at this point ’s supporters justified . A poll conducted the last week of July by CBS News found that support for Mr. Trump among Republican voters rose to 81 Mr. Trump 79 percent . So the leaders largely responded to Mr. Trump ’s attacks with feigned indifference . " Mr. Trump are in a tough spot , " said Nathan L. Gonzales , the editor of The Rothenberg   Gonzales Political Report , a nonpartisan newsletter . " They are criticized for not listening to the grass roots and Republican elected officials for not denouncing the nominee chosen by the grass roots . Some Republicans are reluctant to attack Donald the grass roots ’d risk alienating 35 to 40 percent Mr. Trump party who supported him Some Republicans the primaries . " Mr. Trump pointedly declined on Tuesday Mr. Trump endorse Speaker Paul D. Ryan Mr. Trump nation ’s    elected Republican , and verged on outright opposition to Mr. McCain and Ms. Ayotte , just hours after Mr. Obama challenged Republicans to denounce their nominee . Both Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump have put Republicans into an untenable Republicans : Criticizing their nominee could be seen as taking the advice of a president whom their core Republicans dislike , potentially alienating the very people they need for     — their nominee but sitting idly as Mr. Trump attacks them and makes their nominee comments might alienate more moderate voters . " If Mr. Trump repeatedly having Republicans say , in very strong terms , that what he has said is unacceptable , why are you still endorsing him ? " Mr. Obama asked Mr. Trump a news conference on Tuesday . Mr. Ryan ’s spokesman Mr. Trump responded that the speaker had never sought Mr. Trump ’s endorsement , and Ms. Ayotte more or less brushed Mr. Obama matter , saying Mr. Trump call it like I see it , " in reference to her defense of a fallen Army captain whose family Mr. the matter had derided . the matter many Republicans are hoping for Ms. Ayotte splitters   —    those who might Mr. Trump for president but Republican on the rest of the ticket   —    the parsing is all the more difficult . Many experts are skeptical that the approach can work . " In 2008 and 2010 , voters did not draw distinctions , " said Fergus Cullen , a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party . " It was not like Passover , where the door was marked , ‘ This one should be spared.’ No , the Angel of Death came in and said no ‘ Let ’s kill them all.’ " It is not just a question of individual desires to win     —    ‘ that the Angel of Death drives many of the statements about Mr. Trump that come short of rescinding an endorsement . Republicans believe they need to maintain the House and the Senate , through a    blend of votes from their base and    Republicans tickets , to pursue a policy agenda . " The speaker ’s goal , one that Republicans set collectively with members of your conference , is to promote ideas and enact policies that make a difference , " said Kevin Madden , a Republican operative who once worked for former Speaker John A. Boehner . " The political reality , though , is that this goal can only be reached if members are not put at risk because the top of the national ticket underperforms . " Republican leaders also know that in an    election cycle , the core of the party would most likely be disposed to reject candidates who embody the Washington establishment . This was the lesson Senator Ted Cruz of Texas learned when he was booed from the stage at the Republican convention last month for declining to get behind Mr. Trump , and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas for some of the heat that Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska , a founder of the Never Trump movement , has taken from his party back home this year . Then , there is the vehement opposition to Mrs. Clinton , especially how they Senator Ted Cruz of Texas her role in the Benghazi attacks , that has dominated the airwaves for years among Republicans . " I happen to Mrs. Clinton that lying to the American people is a step way above and beyond some of the disappointing rhetoric of Donald Trump , " said Mr. Chaffetz , the chairman of the House Oversight Committee . He added : " Nothing united Republicans more than Hillary Clinton . " Some still may pull away . On Tuesday Mr. Chaffetz, the chairman of the House Oversight Committee Representative Richard Hanna , Republican of New York , said he would endorse Mrs. Clinton for president , calling Mr. Trump Mr. Hanna Hanna is not representative of Hillary Clinton Republican conference . Mr. Hanna He came to Congress as an outsider and never fit neatly into the typical boxes , " Mr. Gonzales said . " He would have had another serious primary Mr. Hanna this year , if he had decided to seek   . But since he ’s retiring Mr. Hanna apparently feels even more Mr. Hanna to say what ’s on his mind . " But if Mr. Hanna Trump falls in the polls and Republicans running Mr. Hanna    start to Mr. Hanna they would do better separating from him and digging deeper Mr. Hanna    voters , Mr. Hanna might not be alone . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump falls in the polls and Republicans running for       