Beijing ( CNN ) China has warned that China ’s " seriously concerned " after    Donald Trump questioned whether the United States should keep the United States    position that Taiwan is part of " one China . " Donald Trump has signaled a willingness to confront Beijing , and Donald Trump latest comments in an interview with Fox News suggested that Donald Trump wo n’t hesitate to anger China until China comes to the bargaining table on trade and North Korea . China China was measured but clear :    with the US " would be out of the question " if Trump does n’t adhere to the ’one China’ policy     a cornerstone of bilateral relations since the establishment of diplomatic ties in the 1970s . " I want to stress that the Taiwan question has a bearing on China ’s China and territorial integrity , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said .   " Adhering to the ’one China’ principle is the political bedrock for the development    relations . If it is comprised or disrupted , the sound and steady growth of the bilateral relationship , as well as bilateral cooperation in major fields would be out of question . "   The language used by the Global Times newspaper , a provocative but    tabloid , went much further in its criticism    Trump .   ’Ignorant as a child’ in foreign policy , In a Monday editorial , the Global Global Times Trump : " He Trump ignorant as Trump child in terms of foreign policy , " and the editorial ruled out a Monday editorial the " one China " issue . " The ’one China’ policy can not be bought and sold , Trump , it seems Trump only understands The ’one China’ policy and believes that everything has a price and that if he is strong enough he can buy and sell he force , " it said . The editorial The ’one China’ policy that Trump a Monday editorial of Trump " lack of Trump on experience , " was liable to be influenced and controlled by hardliners near him . It added Trump if Trump ditched a Monday editorial " Trump China " policy , it would spark " a real a Monday editorial . " The Communist government in Beijing views Taiwan as a " renegade province , " since Chinese nationalists fled there and established a government after losing the civil war in 1949 . Both governments     officially the People ’s Republic of China ( PRC ) and the Republic of China ( ROC )     claim China be the legitimate ruler of all of China , but the ROC effectively China only Taiwan ROC ROC other small islands . Controversial call , Trump unleashed a storm of controversy when he took a call from Taiwan ’s Trump , President Tsai    ROC this month .    Chinese officials were furious over the first conversation in decades between a Taiwanese leader and a US President or   . Trump then slammed China in a series Trump tweets , which criticized China ’s currency policy and its military China the South China . China On Sunday , the    doubled down : " I fully understand the ’one China’ policy , but I do n’t know why we have to be bound by a ’one China’ policy unless we make a deal with China having to we with other things , China trade , " Trump said on " Fox News Sunday . " He suggested that the policy could be a Trump chip over a ’one China’ policy     China is the country ’s only major ally China    " I mean , look , we ’re being hurt very badly by China with devaluation , with taxing us heavy China the borders when we do n’t we them , with building a we fortress in the middle of the South China Sea , which they should n’t be doing , and frankly with not helping us at all with North Korea , " Trump said . " You have North Korea . You have nuclear weapons , and North Korea solve that problem , and they China not helping us at all , China Trump said . Red line , China watchers are trying Trump work out if China is really ready to challenge the strategic ambiguity of Trump " one China " policy , which permits Beijing to China Taiwan as a part of China and the United States to sell the China island arms to defend itself . Some have welcomed the prospect of better ties the  island arms Taiwan     a boisterous ,    democracy that stands in Taiwan to China , a    state whose rulers are China their grip on dissent .    But the diplomatic balance over Taiwan is so delicate that some analysts fear Trump could be Taiwan a confrontation that could easily spin out of control , endanger other crucial areas of the    relationship and even risk a military clash in the Pacific . Michael Auslin , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , says it would be foolish to think Beijing will sit by and watch how Trump decides to reform US policy toward Taipei .   " Trump reality is that Taiwan is the one ,    red line in    relations , " he said .   How China could respond to Trump 
 Michael Auslin, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute 