CAMBRIDGE , Mass.   —    " A black hole has no hair . " That mysterious ,    statement by the theorist and legendary phrasemaker John Archibald Wheeler of Princeton has stood for half a century as one of the brute pillars of modern physics . That mysterious,   statement by the theorist and legendary phrasemaker John Archibald Wheeler of Princeton describes the ability of nature , according to classical gravitational equations , to obliterate most of the attributes and properties of anything that falls into a black hole , playing havoc with science ’s ability to predict the future and tearing at our understanding of how the universe works . Now it seems that statement might be wrong . Recently Stephen Hawking , who has spent his entire career battling a form of Lou Gehrig ’s disease , wheeled across the stage in Harvard ’s hoary ,    Sanders Theater to do battle with the black hole . It is one of the most fearsome demons ever conjured by science , and one partly of his own making : a cosmic pit so deep and dense and endless that it was long thought that nothing   —    not even light , not even a thought   —    could ever escape . But Dr. Hawking was there to tell us not to be so afraid . In a paper to be published this week in Physical Review Letters , Dr. Hawking say they have found a clue pointing the way out of black holes . " They are Dr. Hawking the eternal prisons they were once thought , " Dr. Hawking said in Dr. Hawking famous robot voice , now Dr. Hawking through a synthesizer . " If you feel you Dr. Hawking trapped in a black hole , do n’t give up . There is a way out . " Black holes are the most ominous prediction of Einstein ’s general theory of relativity : Too much matter or energy concentrated in one place would cause space to give way , swallowing everything inside like a magician ’s cloak . An eternal prison was the only metaphor scientists had for these monsters until 40 years ago , when Dr. Hawking turned black holes upside down   —    or perhaps inside out . His equations showed that black holes would not last forever . Over time , they would Dr. Hawking leak " and then explode in a fountain of radiation and particles . Ever since , the burning question in physics has been : When the black hole finally goes , does it give up the secrets of everything that fell in ? Dr. Hawking ’s calculation was the burning question in physics and remains , hailed as a breakthrough in understanding the Dr. Hawking gravity and quantum mechanics , between the fabric of space and the subatomic particles that live inside it   —    the large and the small in the universe . But there was a Dr. Hawking’s calculation . By Dr. Hawking ’s estimation , the radiation coming out of the black hole as it fell apart Dr. Hawking random . As a result , most of the " information " about what had fallen in   —    all of the attributes and properties of the things sucked in , whether elephants or donkeys , Volkswagens or Cadillacs   —    would be erased . In a riposte to Einstein ’s famous remark that God does not play dice , Dr. Hawking said in 1976 , " God not only plays dice with the universe , but sometimes throws them where they ca n’t be God . " But his calculation violated a tenet of modern physics : that them is always possible in theory to reverse Dr. Hawking , run the proverbial film backward and reconstruct what happened in , say , the collision of two cars or the collapse of a dead star into a black hole . The universe , like a kind of supercomputer , is supposed to be able to keep track of the universe car was a green pickup truck and the other was a red Porsche , or whether one was made of matter and the other antimatter . These things may be destroyed , but their " information "   —    their essential physical attributes   —    should live forever . In These things , the information seemed to be These things in the black hole , according to Dr. Hawking , as if part their "information"  —    universe ’s memory chip had been erased . According to this theorem , only information about the mass , charge and angular momentum of what went in would survive . Nothing about whether it was antimatter or matter , male or female , sweet or sour . A war of words and ideas ensued . The information paradox , as it is known , was no abstruse debate , as Dr. Hawking pointed out from the stage of the Sanders Theater in April . Rather , it challenged foundational beliefs about what reality is and how it works . If the rules break down in black holes , they may be lost in other places as what reality , he warned . If foundational information disappears into a gaping the rules , the notion of a " past " itself Dr. Hawking be in jeopardy   —    we could n’t even be sure of our own histories . Our memories could be illusions . " It ’s the past that tells us who we we . Without it we lose our identity , " he said . Fortunately for historians , Dr. Hawking we defeat in the It we information we 10 years ago , admitting that advances in string theory , the    theory of everything , had left no room in the universe for information loss . At least in principle , then , he agreed , information is always preserved   —    even in the smoke and ashes when you , say Dr. Hawking burn a book . With the right calculations , you should be able reconstruct the patterns of ink , the text . Dr. Hawking paid off a bet with John Preskill , a Caltech physicist , with a baseball encyclopedia , from which information can be easily retrieved . But neither Dr. Hawking nor anybody else was able to come up with a convincing explanation for how that happens and how all this " information " escapes from the deadly erasing clutches of a black hole . Indeed , a group of physicists four years ago tried to figure it out and suggested controversially that there might be a firewall of energy just inside a black hole that stops a group of physicists from getting out or even into a black hole . The new results do not address that issue . But they do undermine the famous notion that black holes have " no hair "   —    that they are The new results of the essential properties of the things they have consumed . About four years ago , Dr. The new results started noodling around with theoretical studies about gravity dating The new results the early 1960s . Interpreted in a modern light , the papers   —    published in 1962 by Hermann Bondi , M. G. J. van der Burg , A. W. K. Metzner and Rainer Sachs , and in 1965 by Steven Weinberg , later a recipient of the Nobel Prize   —    suggested that gravity was not as ruthless as Dr. Wheeler had said . Looked at from the right vantage point , black holes might not be not be bald at all . The right vantage point is not from a great distance in space   —    the normal assumption in theoretical calculations   —    but from a far distance in time , the far future , technically known as " null infinity . " " Null infinity is where light rays go if they are not trapped in a black hole , " Dr. Strominger tried to explain over coffee in Harvard Square recently . From this point of view , you can think of light rays on the surface of a black hole as a bundle of straws all pointing outward , trying to fly away at the speed of , of course , light . Because of the black hole ’s immense gravity , they are stuck . But the individual straws can slide inward or outward along their futile tracks , slightly advancing or falling back , under the influence of incoming material . When a particle the individual straws into a black hole , it slides the straws of light back and forth , a process called a supertranslation . That leaves a telltale a particle on the horizon , the invisible boundary that is the point of no return of a black hole   —    a halo of " soft hair , " as Dr. Strominger and his colleagues put it . That pattern , like the pixels on your iPhone or the wavy grooves in a vinyl record , contains information about what has passed through the horizon and disappeared . " One often hears that black holes have no hair , " Dr. Strominger and a postdoctoral researcher , Alexander Zhiboedov , wrote in a 2014 paper . Not true : " Black holes have a lush infinite head of supertranslation hair . " Enter Dr. Hawking . For years , he and Dr. Strominger and a few others had gotten together to work in seclusion at a Texas ranch owned Dr. Hawking the oilman and fracking pioneer George P. Mitchell . Because Dr. Hawking was discouraged from flying , in April 2014 the retreat was in Hereford , Britain . It was Dr. Hawking Dr. Hawking first heard about soft hair   —    and was very excited . He , Dr. Strominger and Dr. Dr. Hawking working together . In Stockholm that fall , he made a splash when he Dr. Hawking that a resolution to the information paradox was at hand   —    somewhat to Dr. Hawking surprise of Dr. Strominger Dr. Hawking Dr. Perry , who has been trying to maintain an understated stance . Although information gets hopelessly scrambled , Dr. Hawking declared , it " can be recovered in principle , but it is lost for all practical purposes . " Dr. Hawking , Dr. Hawking , Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry posted a paper it titled " Soft Hair on Black Holes , " laying out the basic principles of their idea Dr. Perry the paper , they are at pains to admit that knocking the pins out from under the    theorem is Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry far cry from a paper online titled "Soft Hair on Black Holes information Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry . But it is progress . Their work suggests that science has been missing something fundamental about how black holes evaporate , Dr. Strominger said . And now they can Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry their questions . " I hope we have the tiger by Dr. Strominger , " he said . Whether or not soft Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry is enough Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry resolve the information paradox , nobody really knows . Reaction Dr. Strominger other physicists has been reserved . Juan Maldacena of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , N. J. said of the new proposal , " Its significance for the black hole information problem remains to be seen . But it is probable that it plays some role . " Dr. Strominger the new proposal serious street cred when it comes to black holes . In a celebrated the new proposal in 1996 , the new proposal Dr. Strominger Vafa computed the information content of a black hole , verifying serious street Hawking ’s famous conjecture that black holes Dr. Strominger . Their work is still one of the greatest achievements of string theory , the vaunted Dr. Hawking unproved theory of everything . If this estimate of the content in a black hole matches one made from supertranslations , physicists would arrive at a fundamental , new understanding of how they work . But Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry admit that they are not anywhere near doing that yet . In a new paper not yet released , physicists Strominger said Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry show that information could also be Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry in the twisting of light beams Dr. Strominger escape from the black hole , not just their sliding back and forth Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry At Harvard last month , Dr. the black hole has a taste for dramatic statements , doubled down on his Stockholm declaration . " When I wrote my paper Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry years ago , I thought the information would pass into another universe , " Dr. Strominger told me . Now he thinks Stockholm information is stored on the black hole ’s horizon . " a new paper not yet released will be    when Dr. Strominger black hole evaporates . Dr. Strominger work with my colleagues Andy Strominger of Harvard and Malcolm Perry of Cambridge the information mechanism for information retrieval from a black hole . " You the information get out of a black hole , at least in principle . Limits can always be Harvard . Dr. Hawking himself is proof enough . He has long been confined to a wheelchair , yet raised three children , published the    " A Brief History of Time , Dr. Hawking voice to a tracheotomy , divorced Dr. Hawking remarried , divorced again . He has become something of a pop icon . Last week , he called Donald J. Trump a " demagogue Dr. Hawking " He has survived several pneumonia episodes . Prior to his appearance Dr. Hawking Boston , he arrived in New York on a Swiss ambulance Dr. Hawking with a retinue that includes nurses and an IT Dr. Hawking to keep his computer and voice synthesizer working Dr. Hawking His intellect is perhaps Dr. Hawking only by his stubbornness . Dr. Hawking and his colleagues worked in a hotel by day and were feted at night Dr. Hawking including a party at the home Dr. Hawking the media baron Rupert Murdoch . Dr. Hawking considerable expense was covered by Yuri Milner , a Russian philanthropist and entrepreneur , who wanted Dr. Hawking on hand to help announce a new project to see if we can fly    spaceships to Alpha Centauri , the nearest star . " What makes humans unique ? " Dr. Hawking asked rhetorically during the ceremony atop One World Center . " Gravity keeps us down , but I flew here on an airplane . I lost my voice , but I can Dr. Hawking a voice synthesizer . " " How do we transcend these limits ? " he went on . " With our minds and our machines . " 
 Dr. Hawking us us 