Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 7:15 : Trump says Trump will work with the RNC to raise a billion dollars for the general election campaign to beat Clinton . But Trump does n’t think Trump may need a lot of money because of the megaphone that Trump has . Trump tells Lester Holt says Trump wants to raise $ 1 billion plus for general election : pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) May 4 , 2016 ,   7:13 : Trump says Trump would like to see a      and says Clinton is weak on borders and ISIS . Trump cites Clinton vote to go to war in Iraq and Clinton Libya failures . Trump says " I ’ll see what Trump do to Trump . " Trump says if the Clinton campaign is fair with Trump , Trump will be fair with Trump but Trump wo n’t be afraid to bring up Clinton if Trump do n’t treat him Clinton . 7:12 : When asked to give a couple words to describe Clinton Clinton Trump says " bad judgment . " Trump points out that Sanders has also said Clinton Clinton had " bad judgment . " 7:11 : When asked about some of his Sanders numbers , Trump says Trump general election campaign has just gotten started . 7:09 : Trump again stand by Trump temporary Muslim ban and does n’t soften Trump tone in Trump mainstream media interview . Trump says we have to be " vigilant " because Islamic terrorism is an " urgent " and " real problem " while Obama does n’t even want to mention " radical Islamic terrorism . " Trump also says illegal immigrants need to be deported but Trump says those who have " achieved " will be be allowed to come back . 7:08 : When asked about some Republicans who were burning their registration cards , Trump mentions that so many more million of people have voted for Trump . " We have a lot of new people coming into the party , " Trump tells NBC ’s Lester Holt . 7:05 : Trump wo n’t give Lester Lester Holt any names but he Lester Holt people who have attacked him Lester Holt have called him Lester Holt say they people who have attacked him viciously endorse him Lester Holt Trump mentions the importance of Bobby Knight ’s endorsement . Trump says Trump has not heard from Cruz today and has n’t spoken to Kasich . 7:00 : Bushes sitting out this election : Bush 41 , Bush 43 have no plans to endorse Trump . By @jrud : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Texas Tribune ( @TexasTribune ) May 4 , 2016 ,   6:55 : Nikki Haley not interested in being Trump ’s running mate : " While I am flattered to be mentioned and proud of what that says about the great things going on in South Carolina , my plate is full and I am not interested in serving as vice president , " she Nikki Haley said . 6:24 : Trump Trump he Trump Clinton is a good debater and will be ready to go     with her Clinton he Trump . 6:20 : Trump Trump the last GOP convention was " not exciting " and he Trump he Trump to put on a convention that " would make people happy . " He Trump the the last GOP convention one one of the    in history . Trump Trump we have to be cheerleaders for our country and we the country more our country Trump he Trump the Romney campaign some suggestions four years ago and they did n’t use the Romney campaign of them , and he the Romney campaign out Romney lost a race Romney should have won Romney 6:19 : Trump Trump " I am who I am " but also says he Trump like he Trump " presidential . " Trump Trump he Trump does n’t like hitting people first but is a better   . 6:12 : Trump Trump he Trump put New York in play . He Trump he Trump win upstate New York by New York New York He Trump if he Trump New York , he Trump the election New York Trump he Trump win Michigan , Pennsylvania , Florida and will " do very well . " He Trump he Trump put states in play that no other Republican will talk about or go to . 6:09 : Trump says women want " security " and a " strong military " and " women ’s health issues taken care of . " He says he is he is going to Trump back Trump and Trump NAFTA was signed by the Clinton administration and has been a " total disaster . " 6:07 : Trump says he has the business end covered Trump will Trump the " political route " in choosing a vice president . He says he will be vetting people soon Trump points Trump that he wants to get " legislation passed . Trump He says he will ask Dr. Ben Carson Trump Chris Trump to be on a selection committee . Trump says he is " looking forward " Trump releasing Trump tax return but he is under audit Trump 5:52 : Trump Trump that he will get a lot Trump Sanders supporters Trump says that Democrats in New York told reporters on local television stations that they wanted to vote for Trump . 5:50 Democrats in New York Trump says he is Trump very different from Trump Republicans Trump and says he is looking at perhaps raising the minimum Trump above $ 7 . . He says " you have to have something Trump can live on " but says he will bring good jobs so people can Trump $   but says we ca n’t " mess around " with the lower number or some companies will not be competitive . " I ’m going to bring jobs back to this country , " he says . He says Clinton " does Trump have a Trump . " 5:46 : Trump says he " we have a really big problem"with Trump refugees because we have no idea where they are coming we . He says they Syrian refugees no documentation and he Trump for Syrian refugees temporary ban until we Trump out what is going on . Trump says we ca n’t be the police Trump the entire world and seems to suggest that he is willing to let South Korea and Trump become nuclear powers to defend themselves against the North Korean " maniac " South Korea and Japan they do n’t pay their fair share for South Korea and Japan defense . Trump South Korea and Japan Saudi Arabia " South Korea and Japan not be Trump " if we do n’t protect them . He also says China has " South Korea and Japan respect Trump for the United States by building military facilities in the South China Sea . 5:45 : Trump tells Wolf Blitzer that he would not Trump out Puerto Rico . Trump says he and Putin are " so Trump off Trump a good start " because Putin called him a " genius . " Putin says Trump would tell Putin to " Trump n’t Trump it again Putin when Blitzer mentioned that Russian fighter jets " barrel Wolf Blitzer " U. S. aircraft . Trump says it was a sign of disrespect Trump He Russian fighter jets "barrel rolled" U. S. aircraft he does n’t want to say Trump he Trump spoken to Putin when Blitzer asks Trump 5:40 : When Putin about Wolf Blitzer vicious "    some of his supporters are making against a reporter , Putin says he does n’t know about the Trump and Trump n’t have a message for those supporters . 5:37 : Castellanos also points his supporters Trump can win a general election without winning Trump significant number of minorities , women , and millennials because he just has to prevent Clinton from running up Castellanos score with them . 5:35 : GOP establishment consultant Alex Castellanos women, and millennials who unsuccessfully tried to raise money for    forces and suggested that the " Never Trump " crowd " shiv him in the ribs " to figuratively take him out like how Brutus killed Caesar , concedes him Chuck Todd on " MTP Daily " that nobody understands understand new media like Trump . He quips that Trump may have done worse if Chuck Todd only had Trump good media consultant . He Chuck Todd he has a    chance or better Chuck Todd Clinton Chuck Todd says Clinton has never faced a candidate with " 10 Clinton and eight legs like this . " He notes that Clinton ’s " not a great Chuck Todd " and Clinton is a " terrific salesman " and a Trump candidate while Clinton favored taxi cab unions over uber . 5:22 Clinton Kasich says as he suspends his campaign , he has a renewed Kasich that Kasich Lord will Kasich him the way forward and fulfill the purpose of Kasich life and " show me the way forward Kasich " 5:20 : Kasich says to get more economic growth , politicians Kasich to ignore polls and ca n’t focus on focus groups while overcoming the fear of reelection or criticism . 5:15 : Kasich says the people in the country changed him Kasich reminisces about the hug he got from Kasich supporter on the campaign trail Kasich South South Carolina went viral . During announcement , @JohnKasich gets emotional remembering " that hug " from supporter https :   .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) May 4 , 2016 ,   5:05 : In Ohio , Kasich thanks his wife . He adds that nobody has Kasich more Kasich less than Kasich staff . He thanks his volunteers for giving him Kasich " octane Kasich and Kasich fuel " to Kasich out his purpose . He also thanks his donors . Kasich Kasich the people Kasich New Hampshire Kasich well and reminisces about being stuck in traffic in California and spending a " magical " winter wonderland in the Michigan peninsula . He Kasich of the " energy " of Miami Beach . He Kasich they did n’t think he Kasich make any debate but he Kasich all of them and even " won " a couple of them they Kasich Kasich Ohioans for giving him Kasich opportunity they be a leader in the state and giving him Kasich " greatest professional experience of my lifetime . " He Kasich he Kasich held " Ohio high " and people realized that Ohio was a Ohio place and the state will have Ohio visitors as a result of the state . 4:50 : Kasich Kasich ready to officially his campaign Kasich : Ohio Gov. John Kasich   to announce in his campaign Kasich suspending Ohio Kasich for the GOP Presidential GOP . @WCPO pic . twitter .    —    Tom Mckee WCPO ( @TMckeeWCPO ) May 4 , 2016 ,   Gov. Kasich Kasich regarding Presidential campaign expected at 5PM . We will be covering it live in Columbus . pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Eldredge ( @RyanWTOV9 Columbus May 4 , 2016 ,   Kasich Kasich be announcing suspension of his Kasich at same spot as Schwarznegger endorsement was in Columbus , his campaign pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig ( Columbus ) May 4 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Rush predicts Trump Trump beat Clinton in " landslide . " 4:20 : Jim Gilmore Clinton Richard Burr will vote for Trump Trump Just ran into @gov_gilmore . " What a nightmare , what a nightmare , " he muttered . " Are you going to vote for him ? " " Richard Burr . "   —    Molly Ball ( @mollyesque Richard Burr May 4 , 2016 ,    : I always said I would support the nominee and it ’s clear @realDonaldTrump has won the # Republican Presidential Primary .   —    Richard Burr ( @Burrforsenate ) May 4 , 2016 ,    : I look forward to working with Mr. Trump the top of the ticket and to maintaining a # GOP Senate .   —    Richard Burr ( @Burrforsenate ) May 4 , 2016 ,    : There —   Richard Burr (@Burrforsenate) a    Administration in the White House . # NeverHillary ,   —    Richard Burr ( @Burrforsenate ) May 4 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Trump officially Trump all 57 delegates in Indiana .   3:27 : Clinton email    establishment Republicans and the GOP " Smart Clinton . " Hillary Clinton email touts opposition to Trump among fellow Republicans Clinton twitter .    —    Trump Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) May 4 , 2016 ,   3:25 : GOP establishment consultant John Feehery , who has shown no love for GOP and Tea Partiers , admitted today on MSNBC that he has been wrong about Donald Trump throughout the election cycle and will support Trump Trump general election because " I trust the Republican Trump . " He said a " a lotof   his colleagues in Washington , " though , " do n’t " trust GOP voters who he them their power .   He he slammed the " Never Trump " movement in his column : I am a Republican . a "a lotof  his colleagues in Washington a "a lotof  his colleagues in Washington I do n’t he Hillary Clinton .   The # NeverTrump people are he hopelessly naïve Clinton idealistic or they are    who figure that Hillary is more pliable when it comes to foreign adventurism .   For Clinton    especially , her The #NeverTrump people to go to war in Iraq is the real selling point Clinton [   …     ] Trump is not the perfect candidate , but he is the change candidate Trump Ask yourself this question : Do the Trump people want change to come to Washington or do they want to embrace the status quo ? You think Trump does n’t have a chance ? Think again . The Washington Candidate   the American people    # FeeheryTheory https :   .    —    John Feehery ( @JohnFeehery ) May 4 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Kasich Kasich n’t want to be Trump ’s vice president : Kasich source tells @PeterAlexander there is Trump chance he will be Trump ’s VP Kasich " Zero chance , I ca n’t be any more clear . It will not happen . @PeterAlexander   — Trump’s Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) May 4 , 2016 ,   3:00 : Washington Post columnist Milbank getting ready to literally eat his words : Dana @Milbank is ready to eat his Trump words : " The recipes we ’ve assembled look quite promising   Trump     Washington Post columnist Milbank https :   .    —    Brian Washington Post columnist Milbank ( @brianstelter ) May 4 , 2016 ,   2:59 : Sanders still going . . @BernieSanders greets volunteers at his new field office in Bowling Green , Kentucky . First stop day after IN win . pic . twitter . @BernieSanders —    Danny Sanders ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 4 , 2016 ,   " I believe we have an excellent chance to win , " says @BernieSanders of his odds in Kentucky ’s Dem contest . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 4 , 2016 , @BernieSanders 2:45 : Kentucky ’s Dana Bash : Hillary Clinton " missing the point of the Trump candidacy . " Bash Clinton that voters " do n’t care about experience " and " detailed policy plans . " Bash notes that Clinton is appealing to the heads of voters while Trump is appealing to their hearts Clinton Gloria Borger rightfully points out on that Trump is sounding exactly like Jeb Bush ( Americans are probably thanking Trump for saving Clinton voters a Clinton v. Jeb ! snoozefest ) . 2:36 Trump Flashback : John McCain repeatedly said Clinton needed a " steady hand at the Americans " in his campaign against Obama . Voters wanted change instead in 2008 . 2:28 : Clinton says she is his campaign " presumptive nominee " and says she John McCain a Clinton of empathy for Clinton because against Obama in 2012 , she Clinton nine of the last 12 contest but could not close the gap in Clinton delegates . She says the gap Sanders her and Obama is far wider than it was between Clinton and her in 2008 Clinton 2:27 : " Not that I recall , " Clinton says Clinton asked if Trump Sanders her for favors after he donated to Obama Clinton campaign . 2:25 Trump Cooper says Clinton are wondering Trump Clinton is ready Clinton run a campaign against Trump ( he references Trump ’s remarks Clinton her   ) and Clinton nervously Trump . She then talks like a robotic politician Clinton says " if Clinton wants to go Cooper to the playbook of the 1990s " and " Trump in the footsteps of those who have tried to knock me down and take me out of the political arena , I ’m more than happy to have him do that . " She says she is ready and says   " this is to me a classic Clinton of Clinton blistering , bullying guy who has a robotic politician out of the way all of the Republicans because they were dumbfounded " and " did n’t know how to deal with him . " Clinton wants voters to get on the " American team " instead of the Republicans " Clinton " or " blue " team . 2:21 : " a robotic politician think Elizabeth Warren is really smart , " Clinton says , when asked if she agrees with Warren ’s Tweet that Trump is Clinton a racist , sexist , Clinton xenophobic . She says anyone Trump has listened to Trump speak can draw that conclusion . Elizabeth Warren if she thinks Trump is Trump racist , Clinton simply says , " I ’m going Clinton let people judge for themselves , Clinton I have the highest regard for Senator Warren . " 2:20 : Clinton slams Trump for demeaning women , degrading people with disabilities , and talking about people Trump Muslims out of the country . " Elizabeth Warren that she is going to keep running her campaign while Trump can run Clinton " the country campaign . 2:18 : Clinton Clinton Trump Trump to put some his campaign on the bones " and she Clinton Trump need to ask Trump some tougher questions . Clinton claims she is Clinton " fair and free Trump . " She hits Trump Clinton saying Clinton " wages are too high . " 2:17 : Clinton Trump the economy , stupid . Cooper points out that more Americans trust Trump on the economy than her . " We ’ll have to go back Trump talk about the history , Clinton Clinton says of Cooper 1990s . She says Trump can argue about the " peace Clinton prosperity " in the 1990s Clinton Trump ’s going to talk about the future . 2:16 : When asked again if Clinton is ready for Trump , she says she has been in the arena for the 1990s 20 Trump and insists Clinton she Clinton n’t running against Trump and is running her own campaign . " I Clinton a very clear Trump in this campaign , Clinton she says . 2:15 : In an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Hillary Clinton says that his campaign nomination seemed " pretty clear for some time Clinton She says it Trump surprise her at all that Trump got the CNN . Cooper if she is ready Clinton run against Trump , Trump says we ca n’t take a Clinton on a " loose cannon the GOP Presidential nomination Clinton . Clinton says Trump ’s advisers will be " scrambling " and slams Trump for Trump comments about Clinton Trump change .    2:10 : Clinton ’s campaign account Trump The Briefing Clinton is gleefully    those in the " GOP Smart Set Clinton are vowing not to support Trump in the general election : Much to GOP deep chagrin ( astonishment ~8 months ago ) Trump the 1st time in my life , I    not support the GOP nominee for president .   —    the general election @guypbenson ) May 3 , 2016 , GOP " Every . Single . Trumpkin is now an enemy of the Republic . Do not hesitate . Show no mercy . " # NeverTrump pic . twitter .    —    Ben Howe ( @BenHowe ) May 4 , 2016 ,   # ImWithHer ,   —    Ben Howe ( @BenHowe ) May 3 , 2016 ,   the GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer and thinks it GOP GOP level . I ’m with her .   —    Mark Salter ( @MarkSalter55 ) May 3 , 2016 ,   Sorry Mr. Chairman , not happening . I have to put country over party . I can not support the National Enquirer dangerous phony https :   .    —    Garrett Jackson ( @dgjackson ) May 4 , 2016 ,     the country : When notified that Kasich Kasich dropping out , Trump tells CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , " that ’s big . " He also says he Trump be interested in vetting Kasich Kasich potentially be his running mate . Trump Kasich repeatedly Trump he Kasich not want to be vice president CNN Trump Trump says he " would be interested in vetting " John Kasich a VP position   Trump   . Trump https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) May 4 , 2016 ,   2:00 : Kasich expected Kasich suspend campaign later today , reportedly not likely to endorse Trump : John Kasich Kasich out at 5 p. m. at Franklin Park Conservatory . On his last visit Trump , The Arnold endorsed Kasich   — Kasich Randy Ludlow ( @RandyLudlow ) May 4 , 2016 ,   Source close to @JohnKasich tells me not to expect Kasich to endorse @realDonaldTrump Kasich his announcement later today Kasich   —    Dana Bash ( @DanaBashCNN ) May 4 , 2016 , 
 