  ( CNN ) The action lasted mere seconds , but The action has split social media and left people pondering : When is a bend a bow ? During the first stop on his inaugural trip abroad , President Donald Trump , like presidents before his , was honored with Saudi Arabia ’s highest civilian honor , the Order of Abdulaziz   . But no sooner had the      President leaned in so that the much shorter Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud could place the medal around the     President neck than the politically tinged questions started flying : Was it a bow ? A curtsey ? Some awkward combination thereof ?   Whatever the answer , it was , perhaps , the one muted note of social media discord in an otherwise    first day of travel . That ’s in part because in 2012 , after flirting with the idea of running for president , Trump sharply criticized President Barack Obama for bowing to    King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz when King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz got King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz award a few years earlier . President Barack Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , denied at the time of the visit that that 6’1 " President Barack Obama had bowed , saying President Barack Obama " bent over . .. to shake with both hands . " But Trump questioned that on Twitter during the 2012 campaign : " Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis . .. ? " he Trump . Republicans and conservative media also seized upon the moment , which an editorial in   The Washington Times claimed , " belittled the power and independence of the United States , "   The National Republican Senatorial Committee even used Obama ’s bow in a fundraising ad , asking whether " the president of the world ’s    superpower be groveling at the feet of a Saudi King . " In light of all this , some on social media are slamming both Trump and conservative media outlets as hypocritical for commending the President for what they some on social media as his the President to bow down . Others dispute the bow , instead mocking Trump Trump " curtsying . "   Still others came to the the President , saying he was just the President to show respect .   But , in keeping with his relative public the President through most of the day , the President has the President to the social media buzz , a rare turn for someone rarely short on words     especially on Twitter . 
 