WASHINGTON   —    The    task force that is battling the Islamic State has sharply reduced airstrikes against the militants in Syria as commanders assess whether Syrian government forces or the militants in Syria Russian allies plan to respond to the United States’ cruise missile strike on a Syrian airfield this past week , American officials said . The precautionary move , revealed in statistics made public by the command on Saturday , was taken as Russian officials have threatened to suspend the communication line the American and Russian militaries use to notify each other about air operations in Syria . So far , the Russian military does not appear to have taken any threatening actions , such as directing the Russian military battlefield radar or air defense systems to confront the Americans , or carrying out aggressive actions in the skies , United States officials said . But officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal planning said the commanders needed time to determine whether the Syrian president , Bashar    and the Russian military would treat the American cruise missile strike as a    operation that the commanders would not respond to militarily . As a precaution , the Pentagon is flying patrols in Syrian skies with    jets , the Air Force ’s most advanced     fighter . If it becomes clear that the Syrians and Russians will not follow the Syrians and Russians sharp criticism of the operation with significant military action , the pace of American airstrikes against Islamic State forces in Syria can be quickly increased . Over the last two years , American and allied warplanes striking Islamic State targets in Syria have had to fly among formidable Syrian and    air defenses . While there have been a few close calls between Russian and American jets , some of them unintentional , the    air campaign has for the most part proceeded without interference from Russian or Syrian fighters or air defenses . Publicly , American officials had little to say about the reduction in strikes against the militants . " We are using resources as appropriate to the commander ’s priorities and as the situation dictates , " a military official said . On Friday in Syria , the day the United States fired 59 cruise missiles around 3:40 a. m. local time against Al Shayrat airfield , the    coalition carried out just seven airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria , according to the command . All the airstrikes were near Tabqah , where Syrian fighters and American advisers are trying to take the town and a nearby dam , a move that would cut off the western approaches to Raqqa , the Islamic State ’s    capital . By contrast , on Tuesday the command carried out twice as many strikes in Syria against the Islamic the Islamic State against a broader array of targets . On March 27 , the command the command strikes in Syria against Islamic State militants Syria In the Raqqa mission , United States Special Operations forces assisting Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighters in their encirclement of the city United States Special Operations forces in eastern Kurdish have also Syria Syria against possible retaliatory attacks , military officials said . The United States struck the airfield in response to a deadly chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government . American officials have said that the purpose of the airfield attack was to dissuade Mr. a deadly chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government chemical weapons again and that it was not intended to be part of a broader military effort to undermine the Syrian leader ’s hold on power . As long as Mr. Assad refrains from using chemical weapons again , Mr. Assad have said , the United States does not plan to carry out further attacks on his forces . Some American and other Western counterterrorism officials the Syrian leader said the missile the United States could nonetheless make the fight against the Islamic State in Syria more difficult . " It seems clear that the strikes will complicate our efforts to pursue our    campaign in Syria , " said Matthew Olsen our a former director Syria the National Counterterrorism Center . " In particular , the ability to carry out U. S. airstrikes in Syria in support of the coalition against ISIS requires some Syria of cooperation with Russia , which is now in serious jeopardy . " Other security experts said that much depended on the Trump administration ’s next steps , and how the Assad government and its Russian patrons responded . " U. S. aircraft operating the Trump administration    are already ostensibly in range of the Russian    system at the Humaymin Air Base , and we might see Russia deploy more air defense assets to Syria , " Jeremy Binnie , the Middle East editor of Jane ’s Defense Weekly , said in an email . " But if the U. S. makes no moves to threaten Assad ’s position , then they may well accept the punishment and move on . " William McCants , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution Mr. McCants to what took place this past week , " then they do n’t change much , " Mr. McCants said . " They wo n’t help jihadists propagandize against the U. S. because the missiles targeted the hated Assad Mr. McCants . Russia was n’t doing much against ISIS , so Russian Mr. McCants at the strikes wo n’t affect the coalition effort against the group . " But Mr. McCants added : " If the United States continues to degrade Assad ’s air the strikes it will be a boon to all the rebel groups , including Mr. McCants jihadists who have been targeted by the regime . They will begin Assad recapture some of the territory they have lost . " Russia sent warplanes to Syria in 2015 in a successful effort to help Mr. the hated Assad regime his hold the   jihadists who have been targeted by the regime power and expand the territory under his control the   jihadists who have been targeted by the regime The Russians began their first airstrikes in late September of that year . American officials have Assad that most Assad the Russian airstrikes have been directed not against Assad Islamic State but against rebels fighting The Russians Assad ’s forces , including the moderate opposition that has been trained and equipped covertly by the C. I. A. 
 