Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ’s ( ) reluctannce to support presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump wanting " to establish a center of power and a kind of home for the conservative wing " and saying to Donald Trump , " you ’re going to have to reckon with the conservatives , even if you are n’t one " on Friday ’s " Special Report " on the Fox News Channel .   Krauthammer said , [ relevant remarks begin around 3:35 ] " I think it is true that there are tactical reasons for Ryan doing this to protect Ryan members . The more cynical comments have been about Ryan ’s looking for Ryan own run in 2020 in the future . Ryan ’s trying to appease Ryan donors . I think that ’s rubbish . I think what ’s happened here , if you step back for a second , the Republicans have experienced the biggest ideological earthquake of a major party in the Republicans lifetime . 50 , 60 years of conservatism has now yielded to a leader who ’s not a conservative , but who ’s a populist . That ’s a big deal . And I think what the Ryan statement is , the Ryan equivocation is , Ryan ’s saying , if a major party is now going to be split between the leader , the populist , and the old line conservatives , whether they a major party establishment or not does n’t matter . You ’ve got establishment and   . He Ryan to establish a center of power and a kind of home for the conservative wing . He Ryan to do it through policy , which he Ryan propose . That ’s who he Ryan . He Ryan a policy wonk . He Ryan a reformicon , the young reformers , who have ideas on how to fix the country , from the point of view of a conservative philosophy . And what he Ryan saying to Trump , yes , you won . You won the popular vote . You deserve what you have . But you ’re going to have to reckon with the conservatives , even if you are n’t one , and that ’s what the meeting will be about , will there be a change in policy and adjustment in the platform , as a way to say we ’re going to try to make the two philosophies coexist . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 