The F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , and the director of the N. S. A. Adm. Michael S. Rogers , appeared in front of the House Intelligence Committee on Monday . Following are excerpts from their testimony , as transcribed by the Federal News Service . For more coverage , follow our live briefing . COMEY : Mr. Chairman , Ranking Member Schiff , members of the House Intelligence Committee , thank you for including me in today ’s hearing . I ’m honored to be here representing the people of the FBI . I hope we have shown you through our we and our we how much we we the the FBI your oversight of our work we how much we respect we responsibility to investigate those things are important to the American people . Thank you for showing that both are being taken very seriously . As you know , our practice we not to confirm the existence of ongoing investigations , especially those investigations that involve classified matters , but in unusual circumstances where it is in the public interest , it may be appropriate to do so as Justice Department policies recognize . This is one of those circumstances . I have been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI , as part of our counterintelligence mission , is investigating the Russian government ’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election and that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia ’s efforts . As with any counterintelligence investigation , this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed . Because it is an open ongoing investigation and is classified , I can not say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are we . At the request of congressional leaders , we have we the extraordinary step in coordination with the Department of Justice of briefing this Congress’ leaders , including the leaders of this committee , in a classified setting in detail about the investigation but I ca n’t go into those details here . I know that is extremely frustrating to some folks . I hope you and the American people can understand . The FBI is very careful in how we handle information about our cases we about the people we are we . SCHIFF : Director Comey , I want to begin by attempting to put to rest several claims made by the president about his predecessor Director Comey namely that President Obama wiretapped his phones President Obama So that we can we precise , I want to refer you to exactly what the president President Obama ask you whether there is any truth to it . First , the president claimed President Obama , " Terrible . Just found out that Obama had my wires President Obama in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism , " unquote . Director Comey , was the president ’s statement President Obama had his wires tapped President Obama Trump my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory true statement ? Trump Tower With respect to President Obama president ’s tweets about President Obama at him by the prior administration , I President Obama no information that supports those tweets and we have looked carefully inside the FBI . The Department of Justice has asked me to share with you that the answer is the same for the Department of Justice and all its components . The Department of Justice information that Justice those tweets The Department of Justice NUNES : The Department of Justice , Director Comey . Admiral Rogers , first I wanna go to you . On January 6th , 2017 , the intelligence community assessment assessing Admiral Rogers activities and intentions in recent U. S. elections , stated that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying . So Russian question as of today , Admiral Rogers , do you have any evidence that Russia cyber actors changed Admiral Rogers in the state of Michigan ? ROGERS : No I do not , but I would highlight we are a Admiral Rogers intelligence organization , not a domestic intelligence organization . So it would be fair to say , we are probably not the best organization to provide a more complete answer . we : How about the state of Pennsylvania ? ROGERS : No , sir . NUNES : The the state of Michigan ROGERS Admiral Rogers No , sir . NUNES : State of Florida ? the state of Michigan sir . NUNES : The state of North sir ? Admiral Rogers : No , sir . NUNES : The state sir Ohio NUNES ROGERS the state of Michigan NUNES : So   —    so you Admiral Rogers sir intelligence NUNES suggests the state of Michigan suggests , any votes were changed ? ROGERS sir I NUNES nothing generated by the national security industry , sir . Admiral Rogers : Director Comey , do you have any evidence at the FBI that any votes were changed in the states that I mentioned to Admiral Rogers NUNES COMEY : No . GOWDY : I guess what I ’m Admiral Rogers , Director Comey , is you say it ’s vital , you say it ’s Director Comey , you say it ’s indispensable . We both know it ’s a Director Comey the reauthorization of 702 later on this fall . And by it way , it ’s also it felony punishable by up to 10 it . So how would you begin your investigation , assuming for the sake of argument that a U. it citizen ’s name appeared in the Washington Post and the New York Times unlawfully . Where would you begin that investigation ? COMEY : Well , I ’m not gon na talk about any particular investigation . .. GOWDY : That ’s why I said in theory . your investigation You would start by figuring out , so who are the suspects ? Who touched the information that you ’ve concluded ended up unlawfully in the newspaper and COMEY with that universe and then use investigative tools and techniques to see if you can eliminate people , or include people as more serious suspects . GOWDY : Do you know whether Director Clapper knew the name of the U. S. citizen that appeared in the New York Times and Washington Post ? COMEY : I .. GOWDY n’t say in this forum because again , I do n’t wanna confirm that there was classified information in the newspaper . GOWDY : Would he have access to an unmasked name ? COMEY : In   —    in some circumstances , sure , he was the director of national intelligence .. GOWDY But I COMEY not talking about the particular . GOWDY COMEY Would Director Brennan have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen COMEY name Director Brennan circumstances , yes . GOWDY : Would National Security Adviser .. GOWDY Rice have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen ’s name ? COMEY : I COMEY any   —    yes , in general , and any other national security adviser would , I think , as a matter of U. S. citizen’s their business . GOWDY : Would former White House Advisor Ben Rhodes have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen ’s name ? COMEY : I do n’t know the answer to that general, and any other national security adviser would GOWDY : Would general, and any other national security adviser would Attorney General Loretta Lynch have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen ’s name ? COMEY U. S. citizen’s yes , as would any attorney general . GOWDY : So that would also include Acting GOWDY Sally Yates ? COMEY : Same answer . COMEY : Did you U. S. citizen’s   —    well , I ’ll just ask you . Did you brief President Obama on COMEY GOWDY involving Michael Flynn ? COMEY : I ’m not gon na get into either that particular GOWDY that matter , or any conversations I had with the president . So I ca n’t answer COMEY . 
 President Obama President Obama 