Washington ( CNN ) The battle for America ’s political soul could come down to a street brawl between two boys from Queens and Brooklyn . Donald Trump and Chuck Schumer are spoiling for a clash once the    takes office next year and the new Democratic Senate minority leader gets the new Democratic Senate minority leader hands on the new Democratic Senate minority leader caucus after winning election on Wednesday . Chuck Schumer had hoped to be directing a Senate majority to implement Hillary Clinton ’s agenda , but the stunning upset in last week ’s election means Chuck Schumer is the lone hope for Democrats as Democrats resist an unexpected Republican presidency and GOP dominance on Capitol Hill . " Chuck Schumer is going to be the single most influential Democrat in Washington , " said Jim Manley , a former top aide to retiring Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid . " He Chuck Schumer , as leader of the Senate Democratic caucus , the only thing standing between the    legislative agenda and those who are opposed . " Trump and Schumer     both flamboyant , media savvy , outspoken ,       New York personalities have history . In fact , Schumer Schumer     one of the few political figures in Washington who Trump Trump knows well , and the billionaire contributed to several of his Schumer     rival ’s election campaigns .   Schumer Schumer     rode to Trump Trump when he got Schumer     in a primary spat earlier this year with Ted Cruz over " New York values . " Schumer ( Brooklyn ) and Trump ( Queens , then Manhattan ) had common cause against the Texas senator . Schumer could Schumer     have expected he would Schumer     matching wits against Trump in the White House     but the next stage of their political Schumer (Brooklyn) and Trump (Queens, then Manhattan) promises to be one of the most intriguing stories of 2017 . Given their common Schumer (Brooklyn) and Trump (Queens, then Manhattan) in the New York fishbowl , where business and politics mix , both probably have an idea of what makes the other tick . That alone contrasts with the awkward relationship between President Barack Obama and Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell , who lacked a common political language . McConnell would prefer to work with Vice President Joe Biden instead . Skirmishes between Trump and Schumer will also reflect the ironic influence of the elite East Coast haven of New York on    politics in Washington     after an election decided in the industrial heartlands of the Rust Belt . Expect fireworks , Trump , Trump his reality Trump background , promises to dominate the conversation once he moves Trump Washington in Washington . But in Schumer , Democrats also possess a megaphone , and a contrast to the    Machiavellian Reid , who was more of an inside player . Schumer ’s Schumer the media led to the Washington cliche Washington the most dangerous place in the city was between him and a Schumer , but in recent years he has refashioned Schumer image and Schumer less time in television green rooms . He ’s promoted Schumer Democrats from his spot on Schumer party ’s Senate Democratic leadership team and become a more rounded political figure . " He has become Schumer much more serious legislator and I think Republicans understand that , " Manley said . Still , Schumer ’s capacity Schumer drive a sharp political message and sense of shifting political winds will be vital to Democrats as they climb off Democrats canvas . Schumer the politician Schumer a schmoozer , who is willing to engage the other side but to also fight tenaciously . Schumer " has generally worked Schumer with Republicans even though he can be a fierce Schumer , " said Jim Kessler , who was a senior aide to Schumer on Capitol Hill for Schumer years and now is senior vice president for policy at Third Way . " He has a belief that Schumer is a rough sport but it can be played fairly and cleanly . If you play the game that way even if you take a shot at him he feels that it Schumer Schumer and does n’t ruin the relationship , " Kessler said . If it comes to a knife fight with Trump , Schumer is unlikely to shirk from a confrontation and will marshall his Democrats behind him . Schumer This is Schumer guy     he wants to win , Schumer said Jim Battista , a professor of political science at the University at Buffalo , New York , where Schumer is a fixture at Schumer ceremonies . " It ’s not much use being the minority leader , if . .. he is not winning . Schumer Dealmaking possible ? Still , if common ground does emerge in the new Washington , Schumer is likely to explore Schumer . In recent years , he has built relationships with Schumer like Sen John Cornyn of Texas and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee . And it ’s likely his interactions with McConnell will Schumer be as publicly acidic as those between Reid and the Republican leader Schumer recent years . The Democratic leader in waiting ’s first task is to restore equilibrium to his traumatized party . By The Democratic leader in waiting’s first task , he must chart a strategy The Democratic leader in waiting’s first task their efforts next year to his traumatized party as a roadblock to Trump and to salvage as much as they can of Obama ’s his traumatized party by wielding the Senate filibuster . Then , Schumer must steel his party for a tough Schumer    races in the    in 2018 . Fresh from his uncontested election on Wednesday , Schumer product of years of     maneuvering that speaks to Schumer ’s political shrewdness , the Schumer senator vowed to stand Schumer to also seek areas where the next president and Democrats can work together . " When we can agree on issues , then we ’re going to work with them , " Schumer we . " But I ’ve the next president and Democrats said to Schumer    on issues where we disagree , you can expect a strong and tough fight . " Possible common ground includes Trump ’s proposals for a massive infrastructure building program and Trump to censure China for what critics says is currency manipulation . But hopes for cooperation hit a reality check this week , with the appointment to a top White House job of Stephen Bannon , a Trump ally who has links to the white nationalist movement . The move alarmed some Democrats because it appeared to suggest that the Trump administration would embrace some The move the darker aspects of the Republican ’s campaign   —    but it also energized a party that had spent the days since the election wallowing in grief . " We ’re going to keep a really careful eye on the president and on him . If they do anything from Schumer ’ve done so much awful from this day back     and we ’re going they go after them in terms of bigotry , " Schumer said . Rebuilding the Democratic brand , they of Schumer ’s most important duties     as the effective leader of his party in Washington Schumer will be to repair Democratic links to blue collar and Schumer class Midwestern voters who defected to Trump . With that in mind , he expanded the Senate Democratic leadership team to include Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , whose Schumer primary campaign tapped into the sense of economic malaise and    fervor exploited by Trump .   Schumer ’s critics have long pointed to his ties to Wall Street Trump and big money donors to question his fealty to Schumer class Democratic values . But Kessler said no one in American Schumer has a better understanding of the economic challenges facing voters . " He has the best intuitive sense of the middle class of any politician I have Schumer met , " said Kessler . " He comes from the middle class , he still lives in a Kessler class area Schumer and he obsesses about them and Schumer well being . If there was ideology called middle Schumer it would be his them " As he reaches out to disaffected Democratic voters , there was ideology called middle class might be Schumer by his own Schumer with economically challenged areas of his own state , where he won Schumer thumping 70 % of votes in his Schumer race . " He Schumer a broadly seen as a Manhattan guy who Schumer working at not appearing Schumer much of a Manhattan guy , " said Battista , who said Schumer had taken pains to Schumer Manhattan concerns of Western New York New York campaigns to keep the Buffalo Bills from relocating . " He ’s somebody who has always seemed to be comfortable sitting down and talking to the Schumer Beltier parts of New York . New York 