’’ ’Some prominent Republicans are siding with Donald Trump after Donald Trump stunning loss in the Iowa caucuses this week , which Donald Trump blamed on shady tactics by the campaign of US Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) .’ ’After leading the Iowa polls for weeks , Donald Trump came in second to Cruz . Donald Trump initially conceded gracefully , but then   on Wednesday , accusing Cruz of fraud and saying that Donald Trump " stole " the caucuses.’ " Donald Trump ’s accusation was based on Cruz supporters circulating a CNN report on a third candidate , retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , suddenly flying home on the night of the Iowa caucuses . " ’This stoked speculation that Carson was on the verge of dropping out of the race . Carson has repeatedly accused the Cruz campaign of playing " dirty tricks " in order to grab Carson supporters in Iowa.’ " Since Trump started lobbing Carson attacks , some    Republicans have piled on Cruz and suggested that the    mogul would have actually won the Iowa caucuses were the   mogul not for the Cruz campaign ’s allegedly shady tactics . " " Those names include Republican strategist Karl Rove and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad ( R ) . It ’s worth noting that Cruz campaign is widely opposed by the Washington establishment , and Branstad Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) an unusual statement before the Iowa Iowa urging his Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) to reject Cruz Cruz " ’On the other hand , Rove Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) not a friend of Trump , who has for months used insults like " dopey " and " dummy " to describe him ’On Twitter.’ ’Rove said on   that the Cruz Cruz distributing the CNN report to its the CNN report captains could have cost Trump the race . The reported letter told the Cruz Cruz to " inform any Carson    of this news and urge them the Cruz officials caucus for Ted Cruz " ’ ’"The gap between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz Cruz , 239 votes . There are 1 , 500 precincts . Do the math , " Rove said.’ ’He continued:’ " . : If you do the math , the math misleading Cruz in Iowa may have cost Donald Trump the Donald Trump ’Branstad similarly called out the Cruz campaign for Cruz " questionable " tactics ’Branstad   on Thursday , Branstad said that the Carson note was " unethical and unfair . " ’ ’"This thing that they distributed on caucus night the Carson note was "unethical and unfair saying that Dr. Carson was likely to drop out and his supporters should support Cruz Dr. Carson that Cruz , I think , unethical and unfair , " Branstad said . " I Branstad there’’ll be repercussions to that . " ’ ’Branstad also called the Carson note " inappropriate the Carson note Dr. Carson short of saying Branstad Trump’ ’s loss was the result of the Cruz campaign’ ’s tactics , however , noting that skipping the Fox News debate last week probably hurt him.’ " Cruz apologized to Carson on Tuesday and the Cruz campaign’’s that his Dr. Carson should have also distributed Carson the Cruz campaign’’s statement denying the rumor that Dr. Carson about to exit the race . the Cruz campaign’’s " But at the same time , Cruz dismissed Trump ’s raging tweetstorm , referred the Cruz campaign’’s his   and questioned whether the businessman has the Cruz campaign’’s right temperament to be president . " 
 