Washington ( CNN ) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein has been waging an uphill battle for name recognition as Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein pursues Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein White House bid .   Watch CNN ’s town hall with Green Party nominee Jill Stein and her Jill Stein mate , Ajamu Baraka , Wednesday at 9 p. m. ET . But as she Jill Stein in the public eye     she Jill Stein participating in a    town hall on Wednesday     so have some of the retired medical doctor ’s past controversial comments on vaccines , her Jill Stein about wireless Internet use being linked to poor health and her Jill Stein for a moratorium on genetically modified organisms , or GMOs .   Emerging out of the    century environmental movement , the Green Party is at its the Green Party skeptical of establishment guidance and wary of corporate influence in all areas , including science . Stein , the face of the the Green Party has experienced significant backlash online as she Jill Stein moved from her Jill Stein within the Green Party the Green Party audience . The critiques have been particularly cutting because she Jill Stein railed against her Jill Stein opponents as    and called for legal action against oil companies for disseminating information at odds with climate science .   The Green Party is first the Green Party environmentalist political movement , constantly calling for action over the established threat of climate change . Stein has made her Jill Stein policy a " Green New Deal , " which would attempt to revolutionize the US energy system and combat climate change . Stein slammed the notion she Jill Stein    Stein CNN on Wednesday it was an attempt " by our detractors in the political establishment , CNN by some in the media , to discredit our campaign . " Vaccines , The CNN pervasive of the critiques has been Stein ’s past statements with regard to Stein .   Her Jill Stein have said Stein played toward    " " when Stein Jill Stein The Washington Post people had " real questions " over vaccines and their potential   . In an " The Washington Post people me anything " post on Reddit , she Jill Stein the regulatory system in the US of corruption , calling the vaccine approval regime a case where " the foxes are guarding the chicken coop . " Stein , a graduate of Harvard Dr. Jill Stein issue is akin to the " ’birther’ controversy that hounded President ( Barack ) Obama " and " swift boat " attacks , made against John Kerry , a decorated Vietnam War veteran and the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee . " Dr. Jill Stein has repeatedly articulated her support for vaccinations in interviews and online , " Stein ’s campaign said in Dr. Jill Stein statement . The    candidate has said her concern Dr. Jill Stein from corporate influence in the regulatory space , which she believes could Dr. Jill Stein profit over health . In response to an inquiry , Stein Dr. Jill Stein Wednesday morning that she is effectively " the most    and    candidate Dr. Jill Stein this race . " Dr. Jill Stein if " real questions " about vaccines remain , the Stein campaign said it was still concerned over pharmaceutical industry influence over the Food Dr. Jill Stein ’s approval process Dr. Jill Stein cited a 1998 anonymous survey of FDA medical officers .   " Anyone who supports vaccinations and wishes to prevent dropping vaccination rates should be concerned about the erosion of public trust caused by the corrupting influence of the pharmaceutical industry in regulatory agencies and government in general , " Stein said in the statement . The vaccine issue has been a thorny one in recent years Dr. Jill Stein with skeptics taking root in the left and right ends of the US political spectrum . Several other politicians have gotten flak on the issue , including Republican nominee Donald Trump and former Rep. Michele Bachmann , whose insistence on The vaccine issue link between vaccines Trump " Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism . ... " In 2014 , he wrote , " I am being proven right about massive Trump —   the doctors lied . Save our children   their future . " Asked about how he would handle the issue as president in CNN ’s Republican debate in September 2015 , Trump said , " I am totally in favor of vaccines , but I want smaller doses over a longer period of our children   . " There has been no Trump link between vaccines and autism , and the American Academy of Pediatrics criticized the statements about vaccination schedules at that Republican debate .   Wireless Internet , Stein also gave an      answer in response to a question about wireless Internet in schools .    " We should not be subjecting kids’ brains especially to that , " Stein said in March during a     session . " We do n’t follow that issue in this country , but in Europe , where they do , they have good precautions around wireless , maybe not good enough . " Concerns about wireless signal Stein including cell phones and    have abounded , leading the World Health Organization to address " anxiety " around electromagnetic fields of various frequencies . With regard they wireless networks , the WHO said , " no adverse health effects are expected from exposure to them . " Stein ’s concern also appears to be in conflict with the Green Party platform , which calls for universal access to broadband Internet . If achieved , this policy would increase wireless Internet signal . Stein denied the conflict and on Wednesday Concerns about wireless signal, including cell phones and    " access to information is a human right , and that includes access to broadband internet . " Stein added she was responding to the person ’s concerns and " agreed that more research is needed . Stein " Scientists do n’t know for sure if these technologies are safe for children , and as a doctor , I ’d rather take precautions Stein the Stein is more conclusive , " Stein said .   She also noted a study released in May testing the link in rodents between cancer and constant exposure to    radiation . GMOs , Stein has called for a moratorium on GMOs and pesticides more research United States . Many in Stein circles , including Stein members of Congress , have also called GMOs into question . One target in particular has been the agribusiness giant Monsanto . Asked Stein her moratorium and scientists who say there are not health concerns about GMOs , Stein said her concerns had not yet been allayed by existing studies . " The absence of proof is not the proof of absence . Monsanto you as a physician with special interest and long history in environmental health , the quality Stein studies that we have are her what you need , " Stein said to WBUR . " We should have a moratorium until they are proven safe , and they have not been proven safe in the way that they are used . " She added that    GMOs were " not sustainable " and " Stein good for the farmers . " GMOs exist for WBUR variety of reasons , including profit for the businesses that design they , but they also have meant the existence of they durable crops the world over . Furthermore , GMO products have become a major component of US agriculture , and a complete stop to their production would mean a    upheaval in US food production . A    study from the them Academies of Sciences , Engineering and Medicine published this year found no health risks associated with commercially available genetically engineered foods relative to    engineered foods . " My big concern GMO products GMOs has been their increased use to push toxic pesticides and increase profits of agribusiness and chemical companies , " Stein tweeted in late July . She also called the notion that GMO ’s are needed to end world hunger a " myth . " Citing Organicconsumers . org on Sunday , GMOs said , " The prime purpose of GMOs has been to increase pesticide use and corporate control of our food system . Stein Stein clarified her GMO moratorium proposal , telling CNN Wednesday that it would apply to " new genetically modified organisms being introduced into our ecosystems Stein including our agricultural system and our food supply , until independent research free from industry influence shows decisively that GMOs are not harmful Stein human Stein GMO to the health of our ecosystems and her GMO moratorium proposal they are necessary . " She also said the US should " phase out " GMO foods currently being our . Stein warned about    GMO crops leading to overzealous use of dangerous herbicides , calling Monsanto ’s Roundup Ready foods " a prime example " of her concern and citing a 2013 study contrasting Roundup Ready soy to an organic variety .   The third party candidate further warned about potential human health risks and cited an editorial from the New England Journal of Medicine as well as an    argument from the Union of She Scientists against Monstanto ’s influence in the industry . Since their introduction into the global food supply , GMOs have been a source the pharmaceutical industry , especially on the left . GMO labeling has even risen to become Medicine national issue . 
 