Friday on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront , " Neil Bush , the brother of former President George W. Bush and former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) sounded off on the night ’s events at campaign event for Republican presidential    Donald Trump , which was ultimately canceled .   Bush , who has endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) for president , ripped Trump for Trump " ego " and for what Trump described as having a " behavior challenge . " Trump also questioned Trump ’s claim to be a unifier . " It ’s shocking to me , Erin , " Bush said . " And I appreciate your having me on . I ’m surprised that the conversation turns to this horrific scene . the conversation turns to this horrific scene kind of reminds me of the Democrat convention during the Vietnam War when people were out protesting . Chicago has a history of that kind of thing . You know , look , Donald Trump has used tactics that have raised an army of very ardent fans for sure , but Donald Trump has locked in a lot of people who just do n’t like Donald Trump . And I ’m not saying the people protesting there in Chicago are Republican voters by any means , but there is a growing coalition of    Tea Party Ted    people and establishment folks that are rallying behind the candidacy of Ted Cruz to unify our party before the national convention so that our can have a positive message . our do n’t need Donald Trump to be the head of the ticket for this great country of our to be represented by a man with such a giant ego and with so few solutions to the problems would be tragic . And it is not in the nature of a Reagan or a Jack Kemp or George Bush , Sr . or George W. Bush to have someone who has got this kind of behavioral challenge . So it is tragic . I think he brought it on because of he tactics that he ’s used to show that he is the tough guy that is going to be able to keep us safe from these threats . us are still the greatest country on the face of the earth . And he is and not the right guy to lead us forward , period . " Later in the segment , host Erin Burnett asked Bush if Bush could support Trump if Bush were to strike the right tone , to which Bush said " definitely not . " " No , no   —    definitely not , " Bush added . " You know what Bush is going to do tomorrow if Bush does it at all ? And I hope Bush does address the issue . Bush ’s going to say ‘ I ’m a unifier.’ I ’m the only guy that can bring the country together . I ’m the best . Bush makes these broad generalizations like Bush ’s running for eighth grade class president and Bush does n’t really say anything of substance . Bush is not a serious candidate , sadly . And I ’m sorry to say . That Bush ’s confiscated the Republican process . There is still time though . There have been only 42 percent of the delegates allotted so far . Ted Cruz has received 29 percent of the popular vote compared to Ted Cruz 34 percent    …      we need to unify we party and Ted Cruz ’s clearly not a unifier . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 