Washington ( CNN ) Thousands of academics in the United States are calling on President Donald Trump to reconsider President Donald Trump executive order that bans travel from seven    nations for 90 days and temporarily suspends all refugee admission to the US . By late Saturday afternoon , more than 4 , 000 academics , including more than two dozen Nobel laureates , signed an open letter going around the academic community addressed to President Donald Trump . " These bans , as proposed , have consequences that reach beyond the scope of national security . The unethical and discriminatory treatment of      and    immigrants fundamentally contravenes the founding principles of the United States , " an open letter going around the academic community addressed to Trump reads . Full text of President Donald Trump ’s executive order on    ban , refugee suspension , The academics list three grounds for their The academics , saying the executive order is " discriminatory , " is " detrimental to the national interests of the the United States and " imposes undue burden on members of our community . " It goes on to say that the disruption this ban will cause is " inhumane , ineffective and   . " Asked about the travel ban this ban Trump rejected a description of the order as the executive order Muslim ban " and said it was " working out very nicely . " The a description of the order as a "Muslim ban" began late Thursday evening and was spread by word of mouth in the academic community , Dr. Mohammad Akbarpour , an assistant professor of economics in graduate school of business at Stanford University . He is from Iran and said the impact this ban Dr. Mohammad Akbarpour, an assistant professor of economics in graduate school of business at Stanford University have on students and fellow academics is vast . " Iranian students are panicked as they can not leave the country or come back . Iranian students have multiple students Iran the country just last week for conferences and visits , and Iran ca n’t return , " Akbarpour said . " The families multiple students who left the country just last week for conferences and visits these students want to visit them here and now they can not . " " Families with multiple students who left the country just last week for conferences and visits visas are being multiple students who left the country just last week for conferences and visits entry and green card holders are advised not to leave the country . My friends in academia with pending permanent residency applications Iran told they may have to leave , " he added . His colleague , My friends in academia with pending permanent residency applications Paul Milgrom , a professor of economics at Stanford he as well as a member of the National Academy of Sciences , told CNN the ban may cause issues for the entire economic community . " This policy does not seem to be based on facts . We in the academic and scientific community are very concerned with working toward policy based on facts , " he said . 
 His colleague, Dr. Paul Milgrom, a professor of economics at Stanford, as well as a member of the National Academy of Sciences 