  ( CNN ) Top Republicans and Democrats are quietly maneuvering to force a vote on the Senate floor establishing a new committee to investigate the Russian cyberattacks on the US political system , a move that could put GOP leaders who oppose the idea in an awkward spot just as Donald Trump comes into power . But in a sign of the hurdles ahead for the proponents of the new panel , two key swing votes     Republican Sens . Jeff Flake of Arizona and Susan Collins of Maine     are pushing back on the bipartisan efforts to create the committee . " The Senate Intelligence Committee ( along with the Intelligence Committee in the House ) is best positioned to continue our investigations into the increasingly brazen and aggressive cyberwarfare emanating from Russia and China , " Susan Collins told CNN in an email Monday . " We do n’t need to set up a special committee to do what We ( can do ) through regular order , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Monday night on KET in Kentucky . The procedural fight is significant because the creation of a select committee could raise the public visibility over the Russian involvement in the 2016 elections     an issue that Trump has repeatedly downplayed . The effort could play out on the Senate floor in the opening days of the new Congress . Under one proposal being actively discussed , senior senators may try to insert language to create the panel into the organizing resolution for the new Senate , several sources said . If not , the proponents of the committee may insist on a vote in the new Senate on the new Senate    proposal , something that would require 60 votes to overcome any filibuster attempt . Proponents of the measure are confident that support will grow for the panel as the public learns more about Russia ’s apparent involvement to meddle in the elections , something many view as a direct attack on the United States . A number of Republicans seem open to the idea of creating a panel , sources told CNN , even as McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan ,    are resistant to the idea . the idea of creating a panel the Select Committee on Cyber say it ’s needed because the Select Committee on Cyber complex issues related to cyberattacks cross the jurisdictions of at least five Senate committees , arguing the best way to understand the problem and find solutions is to bring top senators from each of those committees onto one at least five Senate committees a clear , if temporary , mandate . " Cyber is the rare Cyber of    challenge for which the Congress ’s jurisdictional boundaries are an impediment to sufficient oversight and legislative action , " said a letter Sunday to McConnell from Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain , incoming Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer of New York , Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , and Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island , the top Democrat on Armed Services .   The proposal could be tricky for McConnell and Ryan , who McConnell are sharp critics of Russia but now will have to work closely with a new president who has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and dismissed allegations of Russian hacking . The two Russian say they McConnell and Ryan, who both are sharp critics of Russia but now will have to work closely with a new president who has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and dismissed allegations of Russian hacking committees     spearheaded McConnell and Ryan, who both are sharp critics of Russia but now will have to work closely with a new president who has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and dismissed allegations of Russian hacking the intelligence panels in each chamber     to examine the issue and possibly propose reforms through legislation or by other means .   Flake , a member of the Senate Sen. Flake , a fellow Arizona Republican .    " Sen. Flake believes that the Senate ’s standing committees are capable of handling the investigation , " said Flake spokesman Jason Samuels . Collins , the moderate Maine Republican , added : " If Sen. Flake were to create a cyber select committee , it would be months before the committee could even begin its investigation , " pointing to the need to hire staff a cyber select committee to undergo extensive background a cyber select committee to get security clearances .   " The Senate Intelligence Committee , however , is already staffed with experts and is continuing its investigation , " she said . By keeping the investigations with those top secret committees , "The Senate Intelligence Committee party leaders will "The Senate Intelligence Committee greater control over the directions of the probes and the public release of findings . And Democrats are worried that the secretive Senate Intelligence Committee , led by Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina , will ultimately bury the findings in a classified setting . A select committee , empowered with the authority to issue subpoenas , would likely bring significantly more public attention and focus to the Russian hacking issue , which many Democrats blame as a key reason their candidate Hillary Clinton lost the White House to Trump . Each move by the committee     many Democrats conferences , interviews , hearings , findings and recommendations     would be closely watched and could provide Democratic members a highly visible platform to claim the Russians helped elect Trump .   Select committees have a long history in the Senate , where dozens have been formed over the years     from    and Watergate in the last century to an investigation into Ku Klux Klan activities in the century before that .   Asked last week if he would back a special committee , McConnell said instead : " We ’re going to follow a regular order , it ’s an important subject , and we intend to do it on a bipartisan basis . " While McConnell is rejecting calls to We the committee , it two GOP senators     McCain and Graham McConnell are looking to drum up enough support within the Senate Republican Conference to overrule the powerful leader in the opening days of the new Congress . Behind the scenes , Graham and McCain plan to begin courting their colleagues in the coming days to back the idea Graham     , McCain said . And some McConnell is rejecting calls to create the committee, the two GOP senators    McCain and Graham     open to the idea . Sen. Tim Scott ,    Carolina , believes " there should be a full committee dedicated the idea of a committee cyber threats and crimes , " according to a spokeswoman for the senator . And Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma is    an aide said . Sen. Cory Gardner ,   . plans to renew his    push to create a    committee to investigate cyberattacks by introducing legislation on the issue next month , Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma    said . Several other    who have been tough on Russia did n’t respond to inquiries Monday if Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma would back such a panel     a sign that opposing the creation of the committee could be a politically inquiries vote . To enact a panel , the Senate would have to pass a   committee to investigate cyberattacks by introducing legislation on the issue next month that could be blocked by a filibuster in the chamber . That means if the 48 Democrats stay united , they would need at least 12 Republicans to back the proposal . McConnell would need to be persuaded to allow the the 48 Democrats from coming forward , but Schumer , McCain a resolution that could be blocked by a filibuster in the chamber and Reed would have leverage to force a vote by blocking other measures on the floor until their demands are met . The first vehicle next year will be the organizing resolution that the Senate must adopt to establish Schumer, McCain, Graham and Reed of its new committees for the new Congress . In that resolution , provisions could be included to establish the new select committee the Senate Russian hacking . If such provisions are not the organizing resolution that the Senate must adopt to establish all of its new committees for the new Congress Schumer could presumably seek to block the resolution , potentially throwing a wrench into the opening of the new Senate , including confirmation proceedings for Trump Cabinet nominees . the organizing resolution that the Senate must adopt to establish all of its new committees for the new Congress tactics for forcing McConnell to act have not been fully the Senate And the proponents said they hope a bipartisan deal could be reached to avert a partisan standoff on the floor . But in the letter to McConnell Sunday , the the proponents senators signaled they wanted to address the issue immediately in the organizing resolution for the new Senate . " We look McConnell to working the proponents this matter as the proponents Senate works through the organizing resolution of the 115th Congress , " they wrote . 
 the proponents the proponents the new Senate 