  ( CNN ) What was the biggest news event of the week ? What was the most important , consequential , significant event of the past seven days , the one that will have repercussions what will resonate , make the one that will have repercussions what will resonate place in the history books ? My guess is that you know the answer and you reached the answer quickly . And for a moment at least , the very thought of the answer filled you with anger . You knew immediately what the answer was . But I also guess that if you polled everyone you know , your choice will not be the same as everyone else ’s . Did you select the brutal murder of five Dallas police officers on Thursday night     a horrific attack that produced the worst death toll for law enforcement in the United States since   ? Or , is the most significant development the shocking killing of two black men by police in separate incidents in Louisiana and Minnesota in the days before , the same killings that demonstrators were protesting against in Dallas and around the United States when the sharpshooter aimed his the sharpshooter at police ? Or , maybe you think this is all a temporary bit of news , and view this week ’s developments regarding Hillary Clinton as the most important story ? Do you consider the FBI ’s decision not to indict the     Democratic presidential candidate as a travesty ? Or maybe you ’re in the opposite camp , and think the outrage there are the    investigations involving Clinton Hillary Clinton Maybe you think the Benghazi probe , the email server case , and the congressional hearing on the topic with FBI FBI James Comey will be the events that future generations will study from these turbulent seven days . Perhaps your thoughts are more on the other party ’s candidate . Do you think that after the smoke clears and we return to originally scheduled programming we we find that the most urgent , most consequential news is what happened with Trump ? That could include a   stunning confrontation with Republican critics , and the    star controversy he puzzlingly chooses to keep alive it could also include his he that if he he the presidency he he not serve ? Or , are your eyes focused overseas , on the astonishing explosion of violence perpetrated or strongly suspected of being committed by ISIS and its ISIS as the Muslim holy month of Ramadan came to an end ? The outbreak of terrorism looks like the start of a new and dangerous phase in the    Islamic State ’s murderous campaign : Nearly 300 killed in Baghdad , the worst death toll in years a triple attack in Saudi Arabia , including an unprecedented strike on Islam ’s second holiest city , Medina , coming after mass murder in Bangladesh , Istanbul , Orlando and elsewhere . And now reports from local authorities that attacks in Tel Aviv and in Malaysia were also   . Is there really more happening in the world these days , or are we simply hearing more about it ? There is no question that we are living in a time of ferment , a time of political and social change at home and abroad . Much is , in fact , happening . But that ’s not the whole story . Some of the very forces that are creating that change are also transforming the way we receive and are affected by what occurs . We we living inside a tornado of news .   We we being slammed by a barrage of local , national and world events that assault our we . Sometimes it ’s one after the other , with little respite . At other times , like this past week , the news comes in unstoppable torrents . But we we not simply receiving information , not just data and facts the the news us we a swirl of emotions , it reaches the news through unaccustomed senses .   It was n’t very long ago that everyone in the news business knew the summer was the slow time , but quiet summers are now in the past . We are us in a different world . The news the news something we consume reading the paper with our morning coffee we watching evening television in our living rooms we Some of the social and political transformations that have helped trigger these world events     that make the world seem    threatening and unpredictable to some     also shape the way the news affects the news Today , the news becomes palpable the news all spend part of our days looking at our We all media feeds , We all images , hearing reactions , listening to the voices of the people most directly affected by world events , with complex algorithms that magnify their power . The more the people most directly affected by world events we and our friends become We all an We all , the more comments and information we receive the more intensely We all feel , the more We all it becomes . Join us on Facebook . . We all what you may have seen shared on social media this past week , How can you not feel personally shaken , deeply incensed , watching the chilling video    by Diamond Reynolds after a policeman shot and killed her boyfriend , Philando Castile a policeman " Please , Jesus , do n’t tell me he ’s gone , " Jesus says . " Please a policeman officer , do n’t tell me you just did this to him . " This is Jesus than a news story . It is a tragedy that This all of us , as it surely must . Then This is the horrifying video of     Alton Sterling , in Baton Rouge , pinned to the ground , an officer repeatedly firing into him at the closest possible range . And the breathtaking images from Dallas     so unreal they seem like a movie , but they ’re unfolding on a they street in America , all so shocking and sad that a former NYPD officer could hardly hold back tears talking about it . It ’s all there : it , online , available to watch over and over , available to discuss , to stir our emotions time and time again . And then the raw emotions are steered in specific directions , tinting the events with political agendas . Consider the Twitter message from former U. S. Rep. Joe Walsh , a tea party activist . After the Dallas police officers were killed , he posted , " This former U. S. Rep. Joe Walsh, a tea party activist now war . Watch out Obama . Watch black lives matter punks . Real America is coming after you . " He deleted the message , former U. S. Rep. Joe Walsh, a tea party activist it the Twitter message from former U. S. Rep. Joe Walsh, a tea party activist , of course the Twitter message from former U. S. Rep. Joe Walsh, a tea party activist as everything does in the digital world . Fortunately , so do the more positive messages reminding us of our shared humanity , urging   us When Dallas Police Chief David Brown called for this day not to be like all others , when he said it ’s time to Dallas Police Chief David Brown things differently , more people heard him . Whatever you view as Dallas Police Chief David Brown most important news story of this heartbreaking week , there is a strong chance that you feel it is personal to you . That is one positive aspect of this new interconnected reality . We now see the human beings in the headlines . We see that it ’s real We . 
 