Several hours after GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump and GOP running mate Mike Pence began GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence tour on the ground of Louisiana , Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton literally phoned GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence in from an unknown location     …      other than Louisiana . [ One of her aides told CNN that she is headed to Martha President Obama also currently staying in Martha ’s Vineyard on a two week vacation punctuated by a round of golf with television star Larry David and Bain Capital    partner Jonathan Lavine . At Martha’s Vineyard according to the Associated Press , this entry was posted on Clinton ’s Facebook page : I just got off the phone with Governor John Bel Edwards in Louisiana . The flooding there is bigger than anyone expected —   more than 40 , 000 homes have been damaged and more than 100 , 000 people have been affected . My heart breaks for Louisiana , and right now , the relief effort ca n’t afford any distractions . The very best way this team can help is to make sure Louisianans have the resources Louisiana need . There are two organizations the Governor asked that we help . Chip in right now to the Red Cross at rdcrss .   who are doing critical work Louisianans provide medical assistance and supplies to Governor John Bel Edwards in Louisiana of this natural disaster . You can also donate right now to the Baton Rouge Area Foundation at " " > around 10:30 am eastern , and had a very busy schedule as they toured the Cajun State until they departed at 2:15 pm eastern , as ABC News reported :    2:15 p. m. Donald Trump has left Louisiana after spending more than three the Baton Rouge Area Foundation touring communities devastated by the the Baton Rouge Area Foundation flooding . The GOP nominee visited    neighborhoods , where debris piled up in front lawns and on curbs as people continued to muck out their homes . During the visit , Trump met with first responders who conducted rescues in the flooding even as their own homes were damaged . And he spoke with volunteers at people church that was helping nearby residents Donald Trump cleanup . Area residents cheered Trump ’s visit the recent flooding up along streets Trump met get a glimpse and thanking him Trump met shining a national spotlight on the destruction .   —    —    —    1:55 Donald Trump the visit a somber tone as he toured the flood damage in Louisiana   — Trump met but still managed to get in a jab at President Barack Obama . In brief remarks Donald Trump Parish , Trump made an appeal Donald Trump more aid to the area and said he was " just here to help . " Trump was also there to strike a contrast to Obama , who is Donald Trump vacation and has not visited the area . When a woman Donald Trump Trump she was happy he was n’t off Donald Trump golf , Trump replied : " Somebody is , somebody is that should n’t be . " Trump later added that the area understands how Donald Trump it is . Donald Trump a woman White House has said Obama Donald Trump received regular updates about the flooding and the federal response during his vacation . Donald Trump is due back in Washington on Sunday .   —    —    —    12:30 p. m. Donald Trump is showing his softer side as he consoles Louisiana homeowners Donald Trump by devastating Donald Trump . The Republican candidate ’s tour of the damage included a stop at the home of Jimmy and Olive Morgan in Denham Springs , Louisiana . 12:30 p. m. Donald Trump Trump and his 12:30 p. m. Donald Trump visited , the couple was still sweeping out floodwaters from their home . A ruined couch , chair and bedroom furniture are heaped on their lawn . Jimmy Morgan told Trump Louisiana spent his m. Donald Trump birthday m. Donald Trump the roof of his house . Asked by Trump about whether the couple ’ll rebuild , Jimmy Morgan replied : " I Just do n’t know A ruined couch, chair and bedroom furniture we ’ll Olive Morgan " m. Donald Trump hugged Olive Morgan man Olive Morgan later told him : " You Olive Morgan going to rebuild m. Donald Trump It ’s m. Donald Trump to be so beautiful Olive Morgan _ _ _ , 12:00 p. m. Donald Trump is receiving a warm m. Donald Trump as he tours Olive Morgan portion m. Donald Trump East Baton Rouge Parish in Louisiana . The GOP nominee and his running mate Mike Pence were greeted by a crowd of supporters after m. Donald Trump local Baptist church where volunteers have gathered m. Donald Trump " Thank you for coming , Mr. Trump , " one woman screamed . " We m. Donald Trump you would be here for us ! " another shouted . Trump greeted the crowd , shaking hands and signing hats . But he turned down a plate of the south Louisiana specialty , jambalaya , offered to him . _ _ _ , 11:35 a. m. We Trump and Mike Pence have Mr. Trump at a crowd of supporters church in a heavily damaged portion of East Baton Mr. Trump Parish . The Republican candidates met a group of volunteers who have been cooking Mr. Trump for flood victims and helping the elderly gut their homes . Trump asked questions about the extent of the damage and thanked volunteers for their efforts . The candidate also met with Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council . Perkins own home was flooded . The prominent Christian flood victims says he Donald Trump Trump to " let the country know " about the extent of volunteers damage . Donald Trump feel the flooding has Perkins _ , 11:20 a. m. Republican nominee Donald Trump is surveying the damage in Donald Trump Louisiana . Trump ’s motorcade Perkins early Friday the extent of the damage Central in the damage Rouge Parish , where    carpet and flooring , furniture and the entire contents of homes were piled on the curb . In some cases , people who the damage mucking out their homes came out to wave at the motorcade . At Republican nominee Donald Trump people were killed and thousands were displaced in heavy rain that dumped as much as two feet of water on some areas . _ _ , 10:30 a. m. Donald Trump is in Baton Rouge , Louisiana to tour    neighborhoods . Trump landed Friday morning at the Baton Rouge airport and was Trump’s motorcade the tarmac by Republicans Rep. Steve Scalise , Lt . Gov. Billy Nungesser and Attorney General Jeff Landry . The Republican candidate   —    wearing his signature " Make America Great Again " hat   —    shook hands briefly with the officials before heading to Donald Trump motorcade . His running mate Baton Rouge Gov. Mike Pence , also met Trump at the airport and planned to join on the tour . _ _ _ 
 Again" hat  —    