’   ’ ’      Donald Trump on Saturday ripped what Donald Trump termed a    " scam " effort from Green Party nominee Jill Stein aimed    at requesting recounts in Wisconsin , Michigan , and    Pennsylvania .   ’ ’   ’ ’    " And as Hillary Clinton herself said on election night , in    addition to Hillary Clinton herself conceding by congratulating me , ’’ We must accept    this result and then look to the future , ’’ " Trump said . ’ ’   ’ ’    The Hillary Clinton campaign   despite not finding any " actionable evidence " of    hacking or attempts to " alter voting technology . " ’ ’’ ’    " We had not planned to exercise this option We , but now    that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin , We intend to    participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner    that is fair to all sides , " Elias wrote . ’ ’    In his statement , Trump highlighted the fact his won the vast    majority of battleground states , total states , and the more than    2 , 600 counties in the country . ’ ’    " This recount is just a way for Jill Stein , who received less    than 1 % of the vote overall and was n’t even on the ballot in many    states , to fill her coffers with money , most of which her will    never even spend on this ridiculous recount , "    said . " All three    states were won by large numbers of voters , especially    Pennsylvania , which was won by more than 70 , 000 votes . " ’ ’    " This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has    already been conceded , and the results of this election should be    respected instead of being challenged and abused , which is    exactly what Jill Stein is doing , " Jill Stein continued . ’ ’    Stein , along with another    candidate , filed petitions    in Wisconsin on Friday to conduct a recount in the state ,    where Trump narrowly beat Clinton by roughly 30 , 000 votes .    Jill Stein has also been raising money for potential challenges in    Michigan , where Trump   by just more than 10 , 000    votes , and in Pennsylvania , Trump won by roughly 70 , 000 votes . ’ ’    The Green Party nominee came under fire after asking for    additional money after The Green Party nominee first goal of $ 2 million was surpassed    earlier this week , claiming The Green Party nominee now needed as much as $ 7 million    to successfully push for a recount . ’ ’      ’ 
 