  ( CNN ) The day before former FBI Director James Comey testifies before Congress about former FBI Director James Comey interactions with President Donald Trump regarding President Donald Trump probe of Russia ’s interference in the 2016 campaign , a House Democrat plans to draft articles of impeachment . Green , plans to move forward with the next legislative step at a Wednesday news conference on Capitol Hill .   " This is obstruction of justice , " Green said in a statement Tuesday evening . " This will continue to be obstruction of justice regardless of testimony given by Mr. James Comey . This will remain obstruction of justice regardless of the findings of any investigation . " Top Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill have specifically urged members to not raise the specter of impeachment , arguing that they need to allow investigations already underway Capitol Hill more details about the president and his team ’s actions . House Minority Leader Nancy members , appearing on ABC ’s " The View " on Monday , did n’t seem to want to utter the " I " word .    " When that word comes up I always say to my colleagues in the Congress , my constituents , and people across the country what I the "I" word : anything you do has to be based on data , evidence , facts , " Pelosi said . " So you can speculate but it ’s got to be the law and the facts and how they match up . " Green did not give Pelosi or others any advance warning that he decided to move ahead with formally introducing the charges in the House , according to two senior Pelosi Democratic leadership aides . The Texas Pelosi revealed that after his public call for impeachment he received threatening voicemails and messages and told CNN the United States Capitol Police was investigating them .   During The Texas Democrat May speech on the The Texas Democrat floor , Green noted " this is about my position . This is about what voicemails and messages believe . And The Texas Democrat is where I stand . I will not be moved . The President must be impeached . " He also explained that this was This beginning of the process , " For those who do not know , impeachment does not mean that The President President would be found guilty . It simply means that the House of Representatives will bring charges against the President . It ’s similar The President indictment but not quite the same the President would be found guilty . " 
 The President the President would be found guilty 