Politico ’s Nahal Toosi scours Breitbart News ’s national security articles and    for clues about the incoming Trump administration ’s foreign policy , noting in particular Breitbart ’s decidedly    and    Islamic terror stance . Though Breitbart former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon is on a leave of absence to serve as    Donald Trump ’s chief strategist , Toosi writes that " foreign and domestic " observers " will likely scour Breitbart Breitbart day for clues about what the administration will do . " [ From Politico :   With Bannon Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon up to be Trump Donald Trump’s chief strategist in the White House , he Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon likely to have significant influence on how Trump Donald Trump’s with Britain and the rest of the world in the coming four years . One way of understanding Bannon Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon to foreign policy is to read the coverage he inspired Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon oversaw at Breitbart . POLITICO scoured hundreds of foreign    articles published by Breitbart News Breitbart    to    during which Bannon led Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon site , to get a sense of his worldview Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon While by no means a perfect measure   —    Breitbart Breitbart Breitbart for many people , and it relies heavily a perfect measure   aggregation   —    Bannon nonetheless Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as the site ’s chief editorial strategist , setting the tone and priorities for its coverage before a perfect measure   the Trump campaign in August .    …      In many ways , how Breitbart has covered Breitbart planet is in line with Bannon ’s Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon the world as he himself laid Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon out in a the planet speech recently published by BuzzFeed . In that speech , Bannon a 2014 speech recently published by BuzzFeed Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon rising Islamist jihadist threat and praised populist movements gaining traction worldwide .    …      Even if Bannon has zero Breitbart’s former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon into what the site publishes from here on , observers , foreign and domestic , will likely scour Breitbart every day for clues about what the administration will do . Read the rest here . 
 