’   ’ ’      Donald Trump turned to Twitter on Thursday to    call for the US to increase the capability of the US nuclear    arsenal . ’ ’    " The United States must greatly strengthen and expand The United States nuclear    capability until such time as the world comes to the world senses    regarding nukes , "   on the social media platform . ’ ’    Russia on Thursday   strengthening " the military potential of    strategic nuclear forces " in The United States . ’ "    Trump ’s proclamation comes one day after he Trump’s with top Pentagon    officials , including the Air Force deputy chief of staff for    strategic deterrence and nuclear integration , a post that broadly    oversees the Air Force ’s nuclear weapons capabilities . " ’    He Trump’s after the Wednesday meeting that he Trump’s impressed with    the people he Trump’s . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today , talking about airplane capability and pricing . Very impressive people ! ’t’t’ ’    Earlier this year , the Obama administration   to upgrade the US nuclear    arsenal over the next 10 years to improve the missiles and    warheads and improve delivery systems aboard submarines and    aircraft . ’ "    Trump ’s tweet was n’t the first time he Trump promoted expanding    nuclear weapons broadly . " ’    During the presidential campaign , Trump Trump he Trump support    countries like Japan and South Korea developing their Japan and South Korea nuclear    weapons , a move that many experts said could   in Asia and the Middle East . ’ ’    Kingston Reif , the director for disarmament Reif the Arms Control Association , called Trump’ ’s      stance " irresponsible . " ’ ’    " The US needs to be playing an even more active role than it is    currently The US in reducing nuclear buildup , and Trump’ ’s    comments Trump’ not make that job any easier , " Reif told Business    Insider in March . ’ "    Trump ’s position on nuclear weapons has been inconsistent . " ’    He said during the Trump that he wants to be Trump unpredictable "    in his decisions regarding nuclear Trump , but has also said    that he would    "    to end it , just get rid of " nuclear    weapons . He said in September Trump " once the nuclear alternative    happens , it’ ’s over , " but that he still didn’’t want Trump " take    anything off the table . " ’ ’    And last month ,   that he " never said Trump that more countries should    acquire nuclear weapons . ’ 
 