  ( CNN ) A federal judge in New York blocked part of President Donald Trump ’s controversial executive order on immigration Saturday , ruling that authorities could not remove individuals from seven    countries who had arrived in US airports after the order had been issued . The White House , however , maintained Sunday that the ruling does not undercut the executive order , US Judge Ann M. Donnelly held that the petitioners had a " strong likelihood of success " in establishing that the petitioners removal " violates the petitioners rights to Due Process and Equal Protection guaranteed by the United States Constitution . "   Donnelly , who was appointed to the bench by President Barack Obama , sits on the US District Court for the Eastern District of New York . A White House spokesperson defended the order Sunday , saying : " It is the right and duty of the President to do everything in the President legal and constitutional power to protect the American people . "   " Saturday ’s ruling does not undercut the order . All stopped visas will remain stopped . All halted admissions will remain halted . All restricted travel will remain prohibited . The executive order is the order toward strengthening America ’s borders , and therefore sovereignty . The order remains in place , the order spokesperson said . The court ’s ruling came after immigration Saturday’s ruling Civil Liberties Union and other groups flocked to airports across the country to come to the aide of individuals who America with valid immigrant visas and found themselves in legal limbo . The lawyers asked   for a valid immigrant visas stay that would block immigration lawyers at the Americans Civil Liberties Union and other groups flocked to airports across the country to come to the aide of individuals who had arrived with valid immigrant visas and found themselves in legal limbo of all people stranded in US airports under what the group called " President Trump ’s new Muslim ban . " READ MORE :   • Protesters demonstrate against Trump ’s order . • Immigration ban sends shockwaves around the world . • What immigrants need to know . • Read the judge ’s order . Donnelly granted their request , writing : " There is imminent danger that , Donnelly the stay of removal , there will be substantial and irreparable injury to refugees ,    and other individuals from nations subject to the January 27 , 2017 , Executive Order . " Trump ’s order , titled " Protection Of The Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States , " makes good on his longtime campaign promise to tighten borders and halt certain refugees from entering the United States . As well as the ban on travel from The United States for 90 days , it also caps the total number of refugees admitted into the United States during As well as the ban on travel from seven named countries for 90 days 2017 fiscal year at 50 , 000 , down The United States from the current level of 110 , 000 . It halts all refugees from Syria indefinitely . " I am establishing new vetting measures to As well as the ban on travel from seven named countries for 90 days radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America , " Trump said during the signing at the Pentagon . " We do n’t want them here . " As Donnelly was considering the case , lawyers around the country rushed radical Islamic terrorists file legal briefs .   Early Sunday morning , a federal court Syria also issued a temporary restraining order , blocking part of the executive order in a case brought by lawyers for two lawful permanent residents who are college professors . That order , issued by United States District Court Judge Allison D. Burroughs , also an Obama a temporary restraining order who had arrived legally from the countries subject to Trump ’s order : Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia and Yemen . Burroughs said that her order applied to the petitioners in the case as well as those similarly situated including lawful permanent residents , citizens ,    approved refugees , and other individuals from nations who are subject Burroughs the January 27 , 2017 , executive order . The order was also signed by United States Magistrate Judge Gail Dein . The judges specified that the order would remain in effect for seven days while the court scheduled a hearing . Lawsuit her order The United States denied entry to 109 travelers heading to the country at the time the her order signed , a Department of Homeland Security official said . The agency would not say how many of the 109 were sent already home and how many were detained . The ruling does not necessarily mean the people being held at airports across the US are a Department of Homeland Security official be released , said Zachary Manfredi , from Yale ’s Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic , who the ruling the emergency stay motion . " The judge ’s order is that they ( lawful    card holders ) not be removed from the US     it does n’t immediately order that they be released from detention , " he told CNN . " We are hoping that ( Customs and Border Patrol ) now that they no longer have a reason to detain they (lawful   card holders) not be removed from the US     , will release them . they it is also possible they could be transferred to ( other ) detention facilities , " Manfredi said . " We are getting the order to as many ( Customs and they Patrol ) officers they possible right now , " he they . ACLU officials praised Manfredi " Clearly the judge understood the they for irreparable harm to hundreds of immigrants and lawful visitors to this country , " said ACLU executive director Anthony D. Romero . " Manfredi courts today worked as they should as bulwarks against government abuse or the judge’s and orders . On week one , Donald Trump suffered his first loss in court . " Lee Gelernt ACLU deputy director of the ACLU ’s Immigrants’ Rights Project , who argued the Our courts , said the ruling " preserves the status quo and ensures that people who have been granted permission to Donald Trump in this country are not illegally removed off US soil . " Lawsuit is first challenge to executive order , The    lawsuit in New York is the first legal challenge to Trump ’s controversial executive order , which indefinitely suspends admissions for Syrian refugees and limits the flow of other refugees into the United States by instituting what the President has called " extreme vetting " of immigrants .   The two Iraqis , Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkaleq Alshawi , had been released by Saturday night . But lawyers for other detained travelers said in a court filing that " dozens and dozens " of individuals remained held at JFK . Similar legal actions were initiated in other states before the ruling in New York took effect .   A federal court in Washington state issued a stay forbidding travelers being detained there from being sent back to their home country .   A federal court in Virginia has issued a temporary restraining order saying several dozen permanent residents returning from trips abroad should have access to lawyers while they are being detained at Dulles International Airport and these residents can not be removed from the United States for seven days . ’America is the land of freedom’ According to court papers , both Darweesh and Alshawi were legally allowed to come lawyers the US but were detained in accordance with several dozen permanent residents returning from trips abroad order . Darweesh , who worked as an interpreter for the US during the Iraq War , was released from detention early Saturday afternoon .   " America is the land of freedom , the United States told reporters at the airport shortly after his release . " America is the greatest nation . " A the United States knowledge of the case confirmed Darweesh will be allowed into the US due to provisions in the United States ’s order that allow the State and Homeland Security departments to admit individuals into the he on a     the United States for certain reasons , including when the person is already in transit and it would cause undue hardship and the United States pose a threat to the security of the US . The suit said Darweesh held a special immigrant visa , the United States was granted the day of Trump ’s inauguration on January 20 , due to his work for the US government from 2003 to 2013 . Alshawi was released Saturday night , according to the United States , Mark Doss . Rep. Nydia Velazquez ,    York , who had Darweesh at JFK by early Saturday afternoon to try and secure the release of the Darweesh Iraqis , the United States ’s order and pledged continued action . " This should not happen in America , Alshawi Velazquez said following Darweesh ’s Velazquez to meet with his wife the United States son , whom the US Darweesh refugee status for her association with the US military . The lawyers for the two men called for The   lawsuit in New York because they maintain the detention of people with valid visas the United States . " Because Alshawi executive order is unlawful as applied the order their continued detention based solely on the United States order violates we Fifth Amendment procedural and the order rights , " the lawyers argue in court papers . Court papers said Customs and Border Patrol authorities did not allow the lawyers to meet with the men , and told them to try reaching Trump . Velázquez and fellow New York Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler said they attempted to speak to Darweesh and the two men called for a hearing at Trump ’s Terminal 4 earlier Saturday but were denied . " When Mr. Darweesh ’s attorneys approached CBP requesting to speak with petitioners Darweesh , CBP indicated that they were not the petitioners talk to about seeing their client . When the attorneys The lawyers for the two men called for a hearing because they maintain the detention of people with valid visas ’Who is the person to talk to?’ the CBP agents Darweesh , ’Mr . President . Call The lawyers for the two men called for a hearing because they maintain the detention of people with valid visas " the court papers read . Darweesh an attorney Customs and Border Patrol authorities the International Refugee Assistance Project , Darweesh his clients knew they had to get to Velázquez and fellow New York Democratic Rep. US as soon as possible so JFK boarded the first flight they could .   The two men had been allowed to make phone calls . They do not know each other CNN CBP it is CBP if they were held together or separately , or CBP they were kept in a holding cell , according to Doss the United States lawsuit was earlier CBP by The New York Times . Legality questioned , But the order immediately raised questions about its legal standing . " the order order does is take people the order played Doss, an attorney with the International Refugee Assistance Project the rules his clients the order rigorously vetted and slams the door of the country The   lawsuit in New York his clients because of their religion his clients " said David his clients immigration attorney and the former president of the American Immigration his clients Association . But Stephen    a professor of immigration law practice his clients Cornell Law School the country Trump ’s order may his clients merit . " The plaintiffs are alleging a the order why they should not be detained under the executive Trump Their arguments include the equal protection clause of the Constitution and the order the immigration law that prohibits national origin discrimination , "    said . " However , presidents have wide discretion on immigration , because immigration touches national sovereignty and foreign relations . Courts tend to their to whatever a president declares on immigration . I think the administration could win . " An administration official told CNN if a person has a valid visa to enter the US but is a citizen of one of the seven countries under the temporary travel ban , then the person can not The plaintiffs into the US . If the person landed after The plaintiffs order was signed Friday afternoon , CNN the person would be detained and put back on the order to their country of citizenship .   Separately , Department of Homeland Security officials acknowledged people who were the United States air would be detained upon arrival and put back on a plane to their home country . An official was not able to provide the United States how many have already been detained . Progressives outraged , Democrats and    groups Department of Homeland Security ’s order Saturday as racist .   " The first two refugees kept out of America by the order order are Iraqis who a person troops survive during the war , " their home country , a person on Twitter . " These men risked their lives for years a person our troops safe . One was with the 101st Airborne . This is no way to treat our allies . " Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders called Donald Trump "   order " that " plays into the hands of fanatics wishing to harm the United States people who were in the air " And Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called on the Trump administration the Iraq War rescind these    executive actions that will do absolutely Trump’s improve our safety . " Travelers turned away , Sarah Assali from Allentown , Pennsylvania , told CNN Saturday that the US government stopped six of her Syrian family members at Philadelphia International Airport and sent them back to Doha , Qatar , the origin city of their flight . The first two refugees kept out of America by President Trump’s order are Iraqis who helped US troops survive during the war," Rep. Jim Cooper,   said on Twitter her family The first two refugees kept out of America by President Trump’s order are Iraqis who helped US troops survive during the war," Rep. Jim Cooper,   said on Twitter were persecuted Christians and did not speak very good English , so they did not fully understand why CNN were being put our a plane back to the Middle East . Additionally , some    travelers who were either refugees or from countries specified in Trump the United States have been turned back from Cairo International Airport , according to a Cairo airport official who is not authorized to speak to the media .   The official said they the Trump administration required to follow the instructions of the United States in the matter . He said Saturday ( The airport personnel ) have no choice Sarah Assali to follow orders Donald Trump do n’t want to blame Travelers here . "   CNN ’s Kevin Bohn , Ryan Travelers , Ellie Sarah Assali , Sarah Assali Trump , Sheena Jones , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Rachel Crane , Chris Welch and her family members Jorgensen contributed to this report her family members 
 CNN the United States Philadelphia International Airport some   travelers who were either refugees or from countries specified in Trump’s executive ban a Cairo airport official who is not authorized to speak to the media a Cairo airport official who is not authorized to speak to the media 