Washington ( CNN ) Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Friday that Friday ’s impossible for President Donald Trump to obstruct justice because of the fact that President Donald Trump ’s president . " Technically , the President of the United States can not obstruct justice , " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said at the National Press Club in an event to promote Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich new book , " Understanding President Donald Trump . " " the President of the United States is the the United States of the United States . If he wants the United States the President of the United States director , all he ’s got to do the President of the United States fire him . " However , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has in the the FBI director voted to impeach a president over such charges . While speaker of the House , Gingrich Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in 1998 to impeach President Bill Clinton on charges of obstruction of justice and perjury . Now , with a Republican in power , Gingrich Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich changed his Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . On Friday he Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich the investigation into Trump a " witch hunt . "   " The left right now is engaged in the Salem witchcraft process of , ’We know somebody ’s evil , we know somebody ’s bad . I wonder who we should burn at the stake ? Maybe it ’s you , whoever you are,’ " Gingrich Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . He Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich the audience to read Arthur Miller ’s " The Crucible , " saying " that ’s the mentality of the left right now . " Gingrich Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich a vocal advocate for Trump during his Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and at one time was considered for the vice president slot . He Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich a reported investigation of Trump for obstruction of justice in the Russia probe     Trump Trump himself said is happening     is related to a Trump to prove election collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia , which Gingrich called the " Russia Trump . " " Everybody on the left has been walking around town chanting , ’watch for the Russian connection , watch for the Russian connection , look for the collusion,’ " Gingrich said the Russian connection out , even Dianne Feinstein , Gingrich ranking Democrat on the ( Senate ) intelligence committee , says there is zero evidence of collusion . So now the newest one is , ’Ah , but there was obstruction of justice over the collusion . ’ " Gingrich said he has cautioned many in the Trump administration about the seriousness the collusion,’" Gingrich the the collusion,’" Gingrich investigations . " I keep telling everybody at the White House , this is not like New York real estate law , this is criminal law , " he said . " These people are coming after you to put you the collusion,’" Gingrich prison , and you need to be very careful and you need to listen to your lawyers , and I say this as much to the President as anybody this is not a game this " Gingrich raised eyebrows earlier this week when he appeared to blame liberal rhetoric for the shooting at a GOP congressional Gingrich practice Wednesday that left five , including Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana , wounded and the gunman dead . Speaking on Fox News’ " Outnumbered , " Gingrich said , " It ’s part of a pattern . You ’ve Gingrich an increasing intensity of hostility on the left . " 
 