CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Donald Trump ’s National Diversity Coalition adviser Dr. Lisa Shin heralded National Diversity Coalition adviser Dr. Lisa Shin parents’ story of immigrating to the United States , slammed Hillary Clinton as a threat to and pointed to Donald Trump as preserver of the American Dream . [ Owner of Los Alamos Family Eyecare , National Diversity Coalition adviser Dr. Lisa Shin announced herself National Diversity Coalition adviser Dr. Lisa Shin a national delegate from New Mexico , a Chrisitan , wife and mother .   " I have been in private practice as an optometrist for the past 19 years . I am   . And I am very proud to be a supporter of the next President of the United States , Donald J. Trump ! " " Over 40 years ago , " said Shin National Diversity Coalition adviser Dr. Lisa Shin " my parents left South Korea to come to America . " They my parents that America America an exceptional and generous country where immigrants could become American citizens , participate in American democracy , and live the the American Dream They my parents America America the land of opportunity and freedom , where immigrants could succeed and prosper . So they my parents an oath to support and defend the Constitution . Shin told of " countless hardships " and " tremendous sacrifices " her parents made Shin pursuit of the American Dream the American Dream is the beauty of the American Dream : to do and to be , the unimaginable . " " Hillary Clinton is a direct threat to the American Dream , " the American Dream The eye care business Hillary Clinton called a Clinton ’s proposals " utterly devastating to Hillary Clinton economy . " " Her dangerous ideology undermines our democracy and Hillary Clinton , " said Shin . " She represents everything that is wrong with Hillary Clinton system : the deceit , corruption , cronyism , and a total lack of accountability . " Shin made implied reference to Clinton ’s Shin extremely careless " handling Clinton’s information using an unsecured private email server that she said , " compromised our national Hillary Clinton and our safety . " With contempt , she our flouted the rule of law Hillary Clinton we rely on for justice , order , and peace . She has overwhelmingly lost the trust of Hillary Clinton American people . She is not qualified to be our Hillary Clinton president . She is unfit to be the commander Hillary Clinton chief of the brave men and women who sacrifice so much to fight for our country . The    American said , There is only one presidential candidate who will preserve the American dream that our parents and our grandparents envisioned for us . There is our one candidate who our ensure a more prosperous , safe , and secure future for our children and our grandchildren . There is our one candidate our will defend the core principles that this great country was founded upon . There our country candidate who will protect , stand with and fight for we , the American people . There is only clear choice for America : that choice is Donald J. Trump . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 