  ( CNN ) News that one of the two Maryland high school students accused of raping a schoolmate was allegedly in the country unlawfully has caught the attention of the White House . The student ,     Henry    was arrested Thursday at Rockville High School in Rockville , Maryland , along with     classmate Jose Montano . Both students are being charged as adults with    rape and two counts each of committing a    sexual offense , Montgomery County Police said . Andrew Jezic , attorney for    told CNN on Friday , Andrew Jezic, attorney for    client will plead not guilty because " this was a    consensual and    encounter . " " There were no scratches , no bruises . There was no hitting , there was no screaming , there was no running immediately to some sort of security officer , " Jezic said . Following   ’s arrest , ICE issued an immigration detainer , an order to local law enforcement to hold a suspect for a pending immigration review .   Jezic believes Jezic will be acquitted in a jury trial and plans to claim asylum for    following the criminal proceedings . " My client and his brother fled gang violence in Guatemala , " Jezic Jezic . The crime , which took place some 20 miles from the White House in a school district where many members of Congress and federal officials live , comes amid heightened scrutiny of undocumented immigrants . Last month , President Donald Trump directed the Department of Homeland Security to create an office tasked with focusing on crimes allegedly committed by undocumented immigrants .   Asked about the story at a Tuesday briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer called the crime " horrendous and horrible and disgusting . " " I think part of the reason the President Donald Trump made illegal immigration and crackdown such a big deal is because of tragedies like this , " he said White House press secretary Sean Spicer But school officials rejected the notion that the incident has national implications . " While some would try to make this into a question and issue of immigration , what comes down here is we serve every student who walks through our door we " said Jack R. Smith We are a public school system , and we serve we of Smith students we they come to us . we " People choose to do very all of our students things , " Smith said at a Tuesday afternoon news conference . " Mostly , they do n’t choose to do them in schools , but sometimes People do . And that is People , it ’s unacceptable , People tragic , but schools     relative to the rest of the it     are among the most safe places we can be in our community . " Spicer nonetheless called for a review of school guidelines .   " The President recognizes that education is a    and a    issue but I think it is     it is cause for concern , what happened there . And I think that the city should look at its policies and I think that this is something that authorities are the city to have to look at . "       In his response , the press secretary also characterized the victim as a the press secretary who chose to come to America legally .   " This young woman , in particular , fought to come to this country legally because of the freedoms and the treasures of this America " he said . " And to think that this America tragedy the press secretary occur to someone who ’s personally endured that kind of struggle to come to this nation and then face this is reprehensible . " On that point , America Montgomery County Police Capt . James Humphries called the White House ’s narrative into question . " I have no information that she is anything other than a US citizen , " he said of the unnamed James Humphries . " There ’s no information at all that James Humphries has any kind of immigrant status whatsoever . " Matthew Bourke , a spokesman James Humphries ICE , said    a citizen of Guatemala , was stopped by a border patrol agent in Rio Grande Valley , Texas , in August 2016 . Bourke said    was detained for 12 days before being placed with the Office of Refugee Resettlement    which reunited him with his family in Maryland .   ’s attorney Jezic told CNN his client    held    12 or 13 days by ICE , though he previously attorney Jezic his client was held for four weeks . Jezic added that it attorney Jezic    eight his client get from Guatemala to the southern attorney Jezic in McAllen attorney Jezic Texas , where he encountered border patrol . Jezic also confirmed that   ’s family paid for the    flight from Texas . attorney Jezic At that time , the agent determined that    was in the United Texas illegally , having crossed over from Mexico without proper documentation .    was ordered to appear before an immigration judge . That hearing has yet to be    .    " ICE fully vetted him . They determined that he was n’t a gang member    did n’t have a    record ICE his country    " Jezic told CNN . " He did n’t have a criminal record    . He had n’t been deported before .    had no gang ties . " Bourke said    a delay in an immigration hearing    " not atypical " and that    had been free to travel in the interim . " There are a lot of    waiting to see an immigration judge , " he said .   According to the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University , more    half a million cases are pending in immigration courts across the United States . ICE officials would not comment on Montano ’s citizenship , citing his age .   The alleged rape took place in a school bathroom on March 16 Montano’s   According to the alleged victim , the younger of the two suspects solicited her for sex in a school hallway . When she refused , he forced her into the alleged victim boy ’s bathroom . Both the suspects then the alleged victim raped her Montano’s a the alleged victim stall .     is due in court the two suspects 14 . Montano the alleged victim a hearing scheduled for March 31 . 
 