  ( CNN ) White House senior adviser Jared Kushner will travel to Israel and Ramallah in the West Bank this week . White House senior adviser Jared Kushner will arrive Wednesday , meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem , and then going to Ramallah to meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . The Kushner trip was first reported in the Wall Street Journal . President Donald Trump has made it clear that working towards achieving a lasting peace agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians is a top priority for President Donald Trump , a White House official told CNN .   President Donald Trump has asked some of President Donald Trump most trusted advisers to spearhead that effort , including      Kushner and assistant to the President and Special Representative for International Negotiations Jason Greenblatt . The two men work closely together .   Greenblatt , who works as the administration ’s    negotiator , will travel to the region on Monday .   In May ,     Kushner and Greenblatt both accompanied the President on the President visit to Jerusalem and Bethlehem to discuss a peace agreement .   Since then , conversations have been ongoing , the President said . To build on that trip ,     Kushner and Greenblatt will return to Jerusalem and Ramallah Jerusalem and Bethlehem discuss priorities and potential next steps with Netanyahu and his senior advisers as well Netanyahu Abbas and his senior advisers , the Netanyahu said the President     Kushner ’s broad role , Kushner , the     commercial real estate magnate whose marriage to Trump ’s eldest daughter has thrust the otherwise inexperienced diplomat into the center of US foreign relations , now wields a hefty foreign affairs portfolio in the Trump administration . Trump ’s Secretary of Everything : the Trump administration He has compiled a    itinerary including Trump America , the Middle East and China .   In April , Kushner     Kushner to Iraq aboard a military aircraft , as part of his     Kushner portfolio of foreign affairs in the Trump presidency . Kushner     Kushner expansive responsibilities do n’t end at foreign affairs . He     Kushner tasked with leading a presidential office on reshaping the federal bureaucracy , discussing criminal justice reform , improving the Department of Veterans Affairs and tackling the nation ’s opioid abuse epidemic .   Kushner     Kushner involvement in his     Kushner administration has raised questions , especially regarding his ties     Kushner Russia during the presidential transition .   In March , CNN reported Kushner had     Kushner relationship meetings " with Russia ’s Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and with Russian banker Russia to discuss issues like sanctions . Last month , news surfaced that Kushner may     Kushner discussed creating a secret communications channel between the Trump transition team and the Kremlin with Kislyak .   Last week , the Washington Post reported Russia’s Ambassador Sergey Kislyak Kushner ’s     Kushner are being investigated by Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller . 
 