Cleveland ( CNN ) The battle for supremacy among super PACs backing Donald Trump is intensifying as rival groups     almost all of which have struggled to collect top dollars     are making    pitches to the party ’s moneyed elite before rival groups    almost all of which have struggled to collect top dollars     split town . In lavish hotel ballrooms and guarded private suites lining the mezzanine of the Quicken Loans Arena , donors expressed donors concerns that Donald Trump 10 weeks after winning the nomination     still does not have a group that has demonstrated an ability to win unlimited checks . And they know he has little time to correct the situation , which has him he outspent by Hillary Clinton and her Hillary Clinton super PACs by tens of millions of dollars . Two political orbits made power plays Wednesday : Paul Manafort , Trump ’s campaign chairman , called into a group of about 40 donors to encourage the work of the super PAC Rebuilding America Now , according to two sources in the room , a blessing that he has not bestowed upon other groups . That call to donors meeting at the    first reported by Bloomberg , gives the impression that this a group of about 40 donors the place where campaign brass wants supporters to invest their money supporters Hedge funder Steve Feinberg , top fundraiser John Rakolta Jr. and Los Angeles investor Tom Tellefsen were among those present , one attendee said . Also there was Mike Pence finance aide Marty Obst , who said Pence who attend the super PAC ’s events in the future , according to an attendee . But a Manafort rival , former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , has also begun speaking with donors about yet another Trump super PAC , according to a person familiar with the outreach . His efforts a person familiar with the outreach first reported by BuzzFeed . Lewandowski , a CNN contributor , denied that he has a person familiar with the outreach with anyone . The developments come at a time when Trump is Trump pelted on television by    forces with virtually no support from outside Republican groups . The chief Democratic super PAC , Priorities USA , announced Wednesday that it had The chief Democratic super PAC, Priorities USA 142 million in donations , money that it is The chief Democratic super PAC, Priorities USA to assault Trump as Trump greedy , misogynistic businessman on    television . Trump associates Trump allies had hoped that a super PAC would form by this point in the race . Yet every group that has promised big donations has failed , and wealthy Republicans this week expressed a growing fear that no group every group that has promised big donations off in time to save their nominee and every group that has promised big donations majority in every group that has promised big donations Senate . " In hindsight , or looking backwards , maybe it would ’ve been nice to have somebody with some lead on the target , " said Dave Bossie , a    conservative activist steering a new Trump super PAC . " Exiting the conventions     pivoting post conventions     that ’ll be a critical time . " The mood was unmistakably different this summer , veteran fundraisers say . Trump ’s infant major donor program brought Trump loyalists to Trump convention , but much of the GOP ’s traditional fundraising class stayed away . Some Republicans who have crunched the numbers and seen attendee lists said as few as 10 % to 20 % of the party ’s moneymen ventured to Cleveland this week .   One man who did attend     and who could be the savior of Trump super PACs Trump Sheldon Adelson , the casino magnate who is unabashedly   . Nearly every    super PAC claims to have the inside track on Adelson ’s political warchest , but no group has yet disclosed a single check from the Las Vegas billionaire . Asked by CNN a dozen times as he left an exclusive lunch meeting over brisket and salmon at the Republican Jewish Coalition whether he planned to he a Trump super PAC , Adelson stayed totally silent as a    security officers shuffled him from the he to his car . he picture was n’t much clearer to Adelson associates at Adelson RJC , many of whom are just as curious about Adelson ’s thinking Adelson said Adelson , who is known for his secretive political he and rarely speaks to press , did not give any give any signals behind the closed doors of the Public Auditorium     similarly , not uttering a word . Trump allies stress that his phenomenal command he earned media means that he can suffer he survive a paid media onslaught . And some Republican are confident that a Trump super PAC operation will mature on time , perhaps with a large Adelson check to his own group he   Yet unlike four years ago , when Mitt Romney ’s Restore our Future was so successful that no other super PAC could compete , the lack of success in Trump ’s financial world Trump blooming more groups and encouraging them to flex whatever more groups they have to gain more groups . One budding organization , Bossie ’s Make America Number 1 PAC , told CNN this week that it had received $ America Number 1 PAC million from its seed funder , America Number 1 PAC megadonor Bob Mercer , on Friday . That gives the group the cash to begin initial hiring and fundraising , but it is still hardly a financial juggernaut that can compete with behemoths like Priorities USA . Another super PAC , Rebuilding America Now , claimed this week that it had more than Another super PAC, Rebuilding America Now 60 million in commitments     including a $ 20 million financier . Yet the group has failed the group on its initial claims , raising the group in the donor community that the super PAC may be more bark than bite . The blessing of Manafort     along with the attendance of Obst     could give the super PAC with newfound the super PAC were pitched on their new ads Wednesday , which began Donors week and that group officials say will air all the way until Election Day . " I know that we ’re the team , " said Ken McKay , the chief strategist and a former Trump aide , said in an interview at the downtown Westin , as fellow Trump advisers milled around . Bossie , Trump , said it was his group that is " authorized " Bossie the campaign . " I can be very effective and efficient with a lot of less money than people who have more money , " Bossie said . A Trump campaign spokeswoman Bossie Hope Hicks , Trump not respond to a request for comment about whether the Manafort call meant the campaign had changed its hostile posture the campaign PACs . Not the Manafort call be outdone , a third super PAC , Great America PAC , feted donors Monday afternoon also at the Ritz , which has been ground zero of donor outreach all week . Donors like Harold Hamm and Foster Friess were pitched on the group by prominent Trump surrogates like Ben Carson and Rudy Giuliani . Yet given super PACs’ tendency to splice and dice the opposing nominee , it is n’t clear that Friess , for instance , is certain to support any super PAC this time around . " I ’m very leery of getting involved with super PACs where they come out with attack ads . I want to put a positive spin , " Friess said . Asked if was still a Friess investment to donate big money to super PACs in 2016 , Friess     one of the party ’s most generous donors     was less than sure . " It depends , " he said , climbing into his SUV . Friess     Friess     