New York ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign is defending ’s campaign reasoning for more than quadrupling what ’s campaign pays to rent office space in the Republican presidential nominee ’s namesake tower , saying the higher rent comes from occupying more space . Federal Election Commission filings show that the Republican nominee ’s campaign paid $ 169 , 758 in rent last month for space at the Manhattan skyscraper     a dramatic jump from March , when the Republican nominee’s campaign paid Trump Tower LLC only $ 35 , 458 in rent .   The spike in rent , which was first reported by The Huffington Post , is a result of the campaign adding two more levels to its existing space , the the Republican nominee’s campaign Tuesday . " We calculated the Republican nominee’s campaign rent based on the average rent per square foot in the area , " the campaign the Republican nominee’s campaign a statement provided to CNN .   " Overall , we still pay CNN $ 40 , 000 less in rent than the Clinton campaign , " the statement added a statement provided to CNN Also , Mr. Trump makes a personal contribution of $ 2 million per month to the campaign , the Republican nominee’s campaign much higher amount than rent . "   Clinton ’s campaign is paying Clinton 212 , 000 a month , according to the Huffington Post , in rent for its 80 , 000 square feet Clinton’s campaign office space in Brooklyn .   Steven Cheung , Trump ’s director of rapid response Mr. Trump told the Associated Press the " expansion is in anticipation of more staff . "   Nevertheless , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign pounced on Clinton larger rent payments . Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine said Tuesday that Trump " has highly unusual expenditures , even in Mr. Trump . " The 172 employees paid by the Hillary Clinton’s campaign last month is dwarfed by the more than Hillary Clinton’s campaign on Clinton ’s campaign . " So , as Clinton example , Donald Trump is renting space in one of his buildings Mr. Trump campaign and the campaign is paying Donald Mr. Trump personally for Mr. Trump space , Hillary Clinton’s campaign said during Hillary Clinton’s campaign Lakewood , Colorado . " Once he space fundraise dramatically , he was    for a while , but once he started to Kaine dramatically , he immediately tripled Kaine rent payment that his campaign donors were paying Kaine personally . "   It Kaine n’t the first time that Trump Kaine campaign has appeared to Kaine working in concert with his Mr. Trump . Federal records have shown that Trump had directed almost a fifth of his campaign cash Kaine companies to Mr. Trump he is linked . 
 Kaine Kaine 