  ( CNN ) Next month ,    Donald Trump will become the third US president to be inaugurated in the 21st century , an age shaped by computers and the Internet . But for all   Donald Trump social media prowess , the     incoming president remains skeptical of emails , the Internet and , ultimately , " the whole . .. age of computer . " " I think the computers have complicated lives very greatly . The whole , you know , age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what ’s going on . We have speed and We have a lot of other things , but I ’m not sure you have the kind of security you need , " Trump told reporters Thursday evening . While widespread Internet and email use has made Americans more vulnerable to problems like hacking and identity theft , Trump ’s view of computers does n’t seem to jibe with that of most Americans . Nearly    of American adults own a desktop or laptop computer and 92 % of Internet users use email , according to the Pew Research Center . Trump predecessor , President Barack Obama , uses laptop computers and owns an iPad , on which he sometimes Trump the President ’s Daily Brief of classified information . But Trump ’s Trump of computers is n’t just a matter of connecting with Americans . Trump will Trump into office at a time when the US faces intense cybersecurity challenges , from radicalization of US citizens online to a slew of recent hacks orchestrated by the Chinese and Russian governments . Asked about whether he favors Trump Russia for meddling in the US presidential election by hacking Democratic Party groups and individuals     as confirmed by the US intelligence community     Trump demurred : " I think we ought to get on with our lives we " The    has continued to resist the Intelligence Community ’s findings regarding Russian hacking , continuing to cast doubt in recent weeks as to whether Russia was truly behind the hack that the CIA , Director of National Intelligence and FBI all agree was aimed at bolstering Trump in the 2016 campaign . Trump ’s Trump distrust of those conclusions may have grown out of his concern Trump protecting the power of his electoral Trump , but his general Trump about computers and email is not new . " I do n’t do the email thing , " Trump said Trump a sworn deposition in 2007 , as reported by The New York Times . His secretary Trump sent emails on his behalf His secretary but he did His secretary . Nor did he own His secretary personal home or office computer . In a 2013 deposition , Trump said Trump used Trump only " very rarely . " And on the campaign trail , Trump sometimes Trump his dislike Trump , and even distrust for , email in the context of bashing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for her use former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a private email server and the DNC hack , which boosted his campaign former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton " I ’m not an email person , " Trump said Trump a July press conference in which he invited Trump to uncover and release Clinton ’s former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " I do n’t believe in it because I think it can be it , for one thing . But when I send an email     if I send one     I send one almost never . I ’m just not ’m believer in email . " Similarly , just 29 % of American adults are somewhat or very confident their email records just 29% of American adults private and secure     though it does n’t their email records most from using email nonetheless . But Trump ’s distrust of emails does n’t just stem from a fear he could be Trump . It ’s also Trump’s way he ’s sought Trump shield himself from lawsuits Trump " I go to court and they say produce court emails . I say I do n’t have any emails . The judges do n’t even believe it , " Trump said at Trump Tampa , Florida , rally in February at which he explained that Trump ’s " Trump a big believer in emails . " " After you win the case , they say , The judges I know that you ’re really smart . ’ " And in a 2005 interview on Howard Stern ’s radio show , Trump talked about Trump of his " under Trump right now because they sent emails Trump each other about how they ’re screwing Trump . " Still , Trump has not Trump technology altogether . The candidate shot to political relevance by opining on a range of current events and pop culture topics via Twitter long before he launched his The candidate for The candidate . And during the campaign , Trump masterfully used Trump social media platform to drive the campaign narrative , needling and insulting political rivals and pushing back on damaging news stories with a series of    tweets . The    owns a Samsung Galaxy smartphone , which he uses primarily Trump make phone calls and blast out his    tweets Trump no one is around for him to dictate Trump to . his   tweets unlike a growing number of Americans , Trump does n’t get his news online Trump The billionaire ’s daily routine has long begun by reading print newspapers     usually The New York Times and New York Post     and watching TV news shows , rather than reading articles online . Just 2 in 10 Americans typically get their news from Just 2 in 10 Americans newspapers while 38 % get their news online 38% to a Pew Research Center study . News articles from online publications still reach him , after a member of his staff has printed him off . That his staff prompted several reporters to receive printouts of their articles scrawled with his staff ’s handwriting delivering a critique of the story . 
 