The scenes blend like images from a kaleidoscope . A woman , blond , jubilant in a white dress , shown magnified on a convention center screen in San Francisco . It is Geraldine A. Ferraro in 1984 accepting the Democratic nomination that made Geraldine A. Ferraro the first woman in the nation to be tapped by a major party to run for vice president . Turn the lens . A woman , blond , in a white tunic , smiling , arms thrown wide at a rally in Brooklyn this past week . It is Hillary Clinton claiming the Democratic nomination , the first woman to become the presidential    for a major party . There are those who now say that a woman running for president was inevitable , that the 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling that Hillary Clinton talks about are just time moving on . There are the sighs that Mrs. Hillary Clinton the wrong woman , the unexciting woman , the compromising woman . And there are those who say they could those who say they could never vote for a Democrat, particularly this one vote for a Democrat , particularly this one . But it took 32 years to get from one scene to the other , so a look back to the Ferraro campaign can tell a lot about how the country has changed , and how it has the country , through these decades of cultural ferment over the roles of the sexes . It may be hard to remember how few women there were in public life when Ms. Ferraro Ferraro Democrats , " If we can do Democrats , we can do Democrats . " The Democrats had no female senators . ( The Republicans had two . ) There was only one female governor   —    Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky , a Democrat . Dianne Feinstein was still the mayor of San Francisco , yet to start her long Senate Dianne Feinstein . Representative Shirley Chisholm of New York , who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination in 1972 , had already retired . Women have since become the majority in college , and women in both parties have made a steady march forward in politics . Some are senators and governors and three have been secretary of state , all making the idea of a woman at the helm of the nation seem far less revolutionary . Ms. Ferraro was quizzed relentlessly about arms control and about whether she could even Ms. Ferraro credible as the commander in chief should she have to Ms. Ferraro up and be president . Could a woman be trusted with the nuclear button ? But with her background as a woman of state , Mrs. Clinton is a woman about her toughness . Instead a woman the left asks whether she might be too a woman to seek military intervention and the right critiques her judgment . She a woman the one a woman asking whether Donald J. Trump ’s finger should be anywhere near the nuclear button . the nuclear button , things have changed less . As Mrs. Clinton , Sarah a woman Carly Fiorina can attest , female candidates are still examined not only for competence , character and policy priorities , but for the way they look , the tone of their female candidates and the state of their female candidates . For Ms. Ferraro it female candidates the tangled financial dealings of her husband , John Zaccaro , his Ms. Ferraro of her first congressional campaign , and her Ms. Ferraro and forth on whether she Ms. Ferraro release his tax returns , Ms. Ferraro she tried his brush off with the Ms. Ferraro quip , " You people who are married to Italian men , you know what it ’s like . " Now Mr. Trump promises to keep the Clinton marriage , and the former president ’s infamous infidelities , in the spotlight . Mrs. Clinton time and again had to help save her husband ’s candidacy and presidency , Ms. Ferraro her feminist credentials for some . ( Ms. Ferraro I ’m not sitting here   —    some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette , " she said way back in 1992 , Ms. Ferraro his run for president nearly foundered . " I ’m sitting here because I love him ’m and I respect him , his I honor what he his been through and what we his been through together . ") And then there is the press corps . Politico recently wrote of the current crop of Clinton reporters , " No one can remember a political press corps this heavily female . " I can . It was the Ferraro press corps , and I the press corps . I was dispatched to the campaign   — the press corps like women from most major networks and publications   —    because editors sought women to capture the history of one of their own at a time when we were breaking into women ranks of the campaign press . Perhaps , we occasionally suspected , some of them also thought it we be beneath a man to women that campaign plane . As a reporter for Newsday , I watched the euphoric , rapturous crowds , mostly women and girls who showed up with " To Gerry with Love " signs , even in the campaign ’s last days , when it was going down to a decisive defeat to President Reagan and George Bush . Some campaign bands could make you wince , playing " Five Foot Two , Eyes of Blue " or " Hello , Dolly ! " There were the strange male missteps : the mayor of Los Angeles saying he wanted " a vice president I can hug , " the Mississippi official who called Ms. Ferraro " young lady " and asked whether she could bake a blueberry muffin . The grim drumbeat a vice president I can hug her husband ’s finances , his real estate dealings and a vice president I can hug tax returns . There her husband’s the constant watch for her husband’s   —    would the woman cry ? It is easy to forget those a vice president I can hug days , when women in power do n’t seem so unusual . If you have a long memory you have watched other women on the national stage , too . Representative Patricia Schroeder explored a Democratic race in 1987 , after Gary Hart stood down . Senator Elizabeth Dole dropped out of the Republican presidential race in October 1999 before any of the primaries . Former Senator Carol Moseley Braun ran in the Democratic primaries in 2004 . Governor Palin of Alaska became the first Republican woman nominated for the vice presidency in 2008   —    24 years after Ms. Ferraro . And we have been watching Mrs. Clinton for so long , through so many iterations , that it can feel like we know everything about her . But in the 1980s the quest to put a Mrs. Clinton in the White House started as a cause without a candidate . It was driven by women ’s groups and by the numbers . The notion of a gender gap was being talked about by both parties . Suddenly it was significant that more women than men registered to vote and that women seemed more likely to vote . The Equal Rights Amendment had collapsed , failing to win the required ratification of    of the states . Politically active women in the feminist movement , including Bella Abzug and Gloria Steinem , wrote a manifesto to the Democratic candidates for president in 1983 warning them to agree on an agenda for issues affecting women or the Democratic candidates the possibility of women staying home on Election Day : " We will not hold still to be treated as an afterthought the Democratic candidates a side issue , or a powerless constituency that can be betrayed without consequences . " By 1984 , they were fighting to get a woman on the ticket . the Democratic candidates Walter F. Mondale selected Ms. Ferraro as his running mate , she was a    congresswoman from Queens Walter F. Mondale She came from Ms. Ferraro York , which had unexpectedly swung to Ms. Ferraro Reagan in his 1980 landslide . Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. was a Ronald Reagan and proponent . She was pretty , married , 48 years old and traditional Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. that party leaders thought she could excite women but might not alienate male voters . Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. What is different , " says Ann Lewis , a longtime Democratic activist , " is that Hillary Clinton in the last    years has achieved national stature in ways that too few women have . Gerry Ferraro is nominated in 1984 and she is almost unknown . It is n’t until 1986 that Gerry Ferraro Mikulski becomes the first Democratic woman who makes it to the Senate in her own right . " The mood at that convention was Gerry Ferraro . But the choreography around this first woman could also be tortured . How should Mr. Gerry Ferraro Ferraro share the stage ? Could they touch ? They should n’t Gerry Ferraro Who should hold her pocketbook when Mr. Mondale and Ms. Ferraro spoke ? Mr. Mondale and Ms. Ferraro It sounds so strange now , but Gerry Ferraro was being Gerry Ferraro for the first time , " Ms. Lewis said . " We had until then lots of images of women and men on stage together , but they were married . All the stage craft we had taken for granted had lots of images of women and men on stage be looked at very carefully . " We K. Albright was Ms. Ferraro ’s issues adviser , briefing the candidate on foreign policy and preparing her for her race against Mr. Bush , years before Ms. Albright became the Madeleine K. Albright ’s Madeleine K. Albright female secretary of state in the Clinton Madeleine K. Albright She remembers some of the jarring juxtapositions of that candidacy . " There was the Madeleine K. Albright about what she had on and what her hair looked like , " she recalls . " Madeleine K. Albright the other side was Madeleine K. Albright being asked questions about throw Madeleine K. Albright and nuclear capabilities that they were n’t asking Madeleine K. Albright . " On " Meet the Press , " George Bush the other side was Ms. Ferraro , " Do you think that in any way the Soviets might be tempted to try to take advantage of you simply because you are a woman ? " By November , the disclosures about Ms. Ferraro ’s husband Ms. Ferraro had damaged a campaign that was already an uphill battle . Gerry Ferraro women and girls showed up at her rallies to the end Ms. Ferraro TV network polls showed that she may have cost the Ms. Ferraro ticket more than she gained for it . Ms. Ferraro back , was the scrutiny of Ms. Ferraro , who died in 2011 , fair game or driven by discomfort with the idea of a woman as vice president ? Ms. Ferraro ’s campaign manager Ms. Ferraro Sasso , calls it some of both . " Experience matters , " he said , noting that because Ms. Ferraro Clinton has the deep résumé that Ms. Ferraro lacked , she will Ms. Ferraro Mrs. Clinton very Ms. Ferraro campaign . This time , of course , the first woman is at the top Ms. Ferraro , calling all the shots . " She ’s been on the front lines of this Ms. Ferraro for a very long time , " said Lissa Muscatine , a friend and former speechwriter to Mrs. Clinton . " She ’s been the vessel for lots of women Ms. Ferraro hopes on the one Mrs. Clinton but also has had to take the brunt from people who are n’t ready for it . " Mrs. Clinton ’s detractors look dimly on appeals to support her a woman . " I ’m not Ms. Ferraro huge fan the brunt identity politics and this is sort of the apotheosis of identity politics , " said Danielle Pletka , senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute . " Basically , to me Hillary Clinton is saying : ‘ I was n’t good enough to get here on my own . Forget that people Hillary Clinton me on the merits , they voted for me because I was a woman.’ How demeaning is that ? " On Friday , Ms. Fiorina , me ran for the Republican people nomination this me , told a crowd , " Hillary Clinton , news flash . I ’m a feminist and I ’m not voting for you . " Maybe Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton   —    that she has become our national Rorschach test . Do you admire ’m perseverance ? Dislike Ms. Fiorina, who ran for the Republican presidential nomination this year ? Seek more passion ? Question her Hillary Clinton ? Ponder her marriage ? Love her policies ? Hate Hillary Clinton policies ? Debate Hillary Clinton she is a feminist ? Debate whether Hillary Clinton matters ? For Hillary Clinton night last week Hillary Clinton it was hard Hillary Clinton deny her words her policies tonight caps an amazing journey   —    a long , long journey . " 
 Hillary Clinton 