  ( CNN ) Maine Gov. Paul LePage declared Wednesday that Maine Gov. Paul LePage " will not resign , " one day after Maine Gov. Paul LePage stoked speculation that Maine Gov. Paul LePage would leave office following the release last week of a    voicemail that Maine Gov. Paul LePage left . Maine Gov. Paul LePage held a news conference in office Wednesday morning , and made clear that Maine Gov. Paul LePage would stay on as governor despite an avalanche of criticism for the offensive voicemail . " Being called a racist was a horrible thing to me     it was enormously hurtful . It it my family . I will not resign , though . My family ( is ) behind me , " Maine Gov. Paul LePage said .   A day earlier , LePage had signaled in a radio interview that Maine Gov. Paul LePage was considering " all options " and suggested that " maybe it ’s time to move on " as criticism mounted . " I am looking at all options . I think some things I ’ve been asked to do are beyond my ability . I ’m not going to say that I ’m ’m going to finish it . I ’m ’m saying that I am going to finish it , " LePage LePage the the talk radio station WVOM in Bangor . " If I ’ve lost my ability to help Maine people , maybe it ’s time to move on . " The Portland Press Herald first reported his comments . When asked for a response , LePage LePage secretary encouraged reporters to listen to the entirety of the interview .   LePage later LePage , " Regarding rumors of resignation , to paraphrase Mark Twain : ’The reports of my political demise are greatly exaggerated.’ # mepolitics . " LePage has LePage mired in controversy throughout much of his governorship LePage no more so than last week , when a voicemail he left LePage a state representative was made public . In the voicemail a voicemail he left for a state representative GOP governor berates Democratic State Rep. Drew Gattine with expletives and threats , apparently in response to Gattine calling him Democratic State Rep. Drew Gattine LePage     something Gattine denied saying Democratic State Rep. Drew Gattine an interview with CNN . " It ’s not something that I ’ve ever called anybody , " he said LePage In the interview with WMOV , LePage said he takes LePage responsibility for the fallout from the voicemail     " it ’s totally my fault "     but that he was LePage enraged by the accusation of racism .   " When I was called a racist I just lost it , and there ’s no excuse , " he said LePage It felt " it calling a black man the ’N’ word or a woman the ’C’ word . It just absolutely it me off my feet . " LePage said he met with LePage members of the Maine House Monday who want to " salvage what we can and move forward , " but that the Republicans in the state ’s senate are " making demands . " " It ’s not about me , " LePage governor said LePage " It ’s about making It that we can move the state forward . the state one thing to It one party behind , it ’s another thing to It have any party behind you . " The voicemail at the center of the controversy contained profanity and threats of violence , and prompted quick condemnation .     " Mr. Gattine , this is Gov. Paul Richard LePage , " the audio recording says . " I would like to talk to you about your comments about my being a racist , you ( obscene term ) . I want to talk to you . I want you you prove that I ’m a racist . I ’ve spent my life helping black people and you little ( obscene term ) socialist ( obscene term ) . You     I need you to     just friggin’ . I want you to record this and make it public because I am this you . Thank you . you After the voicemail leaked last Thursday , the governor doubled down and took credit for it in a later interview credit his home with local media the governor and said he would like to challenge the governor to a duel . " When a    little guy from Westbrook calls me a racist , now I ’d like him to come up here the governor , tell you right now , I wish it were 1825 , " LePage said , according to the Press Herald . " And we would have a duel , that ’s how angry I am , and I would not put my gun in the air , I guarantee you , I would not be ( Alexander ) Hamilton . I would point it right between his eyes , because he the governor a    little the governor and he has not done a the governor thing since he ’s been in this the governor to help move the state forward . " Maine Democrats have called LePage " unfit to lead our state " and criticized the state what they saw the governor inciting violence . Maine Democrats ultimately apologized for the voicemail LePage a statement last Friday , but justified his reaction by again saying the governor label of racist is " the absolute worst , most vile thing you can call a person . " " I did n’t know Drew Gattine from a hole in the wall until yesterday , " LePage said . " It made LePage enormously angry when a TV reporter asked me for my reaction about Gattine calling me a racist . Drew Gattine .. So I called Gattine and used the worst word Drew Gattine could think of . I apologize for that to the people of Maine , but I make no apology for trying to end the drug epidemic that is ravaging our state . " The bombastic Republican governor is known for his loose style , which sometimes The bombastic Republican governor criticism . He is a strong supporter of The bombastic Republican governor Trump , and Trump ’s campaign recently hired his daughter to work on the The bombastic Republican governor in Maine . 
 Maine 