Friday on Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " Rep. Darrell Issa predicted that despite saying    Donald Trump did n’t want to appoint a special prosecutor to pursue charges against Donald Trump general election opponent Hillary Clinton for his general election opponent Hillary Clinton alleged improprities involving his general election opponent Hillary Clinton charitable foundation and his general election opponent Hillary Clinton unauthorized email server while secretary of state ,   Donald Trump would get out of the way and allow the FBI and   Donald Trump future attorney general make a determination on how to proceed with regards to Clinton .   " I think it ’s important that the president do essentially what the president does , which is get out of the business of prosecuting , " Issa said . " But at the same time the president ’s appointed or proposed appointing an attorney general who has a long record of doing the president job . And so when we look at Jeff Sessions in concert with FBI and other organizations , FBI and other organizations need to do FBI and other organizations job , and I think that ’s what the where the balance of the next president is going to come is reestablishing the independence of the Department of Justice . If the next president does n’t do it , Congress will certainly push for that , but I think you are going to find a president who says let FBI and other organizations do their job , stays out of it it and certainly does n’t   —    you know , he the next president n’t said she ’s innocent . That ’s a decision that needs to be made by the professionals . " He the next president President Barack Obama of " essentially jury tampering " by saying there was not proof of Clinton ’s wrongdoing and went on to point to the Obama administration ’s refusal to prosecute or take the case of former IRS official Lois Lerner ’s before a grand jury as a lack of independence between the Justice Department and the president . " I think that ’s exactly right , " he former IRS official Lois Lerner . " He former IRS official Lois Lerner he former IRS official Lois Lerner n’t have the evidence to prosecute . He former IRS official Lois Lerner no prosecutor would . If he former IRS official Lois Lerner to do his former IRS official Lois Lerner and if he former IRS official Lois Lerner the the evidence to prosecute , this the Justice Department not going to have a bias from the top that the last one did . Remember , the last administration was sent an order by Congress to the U. S. attorney general in Washington , D. C. to prosecute or to bring before grand jury Lois Lerner and they simply refused to do it . It ’s that kind of interference it the American people are tired of . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 