Charlotte , North Carolina   ( CNN ) Relatives of Keith Lamont Scott , after watching two police videos , said two police videos could n’t say what was in his hands when his was shot and killed by a Charlotte police officer . " It is impossible to discern from the videos what , if anything , Keith Lamont Scott is holding in his his hands " attorney Justin Bamberg said .   The family wants police to immediately release the two police videos the public , Bamberg said . attorney Justin Bamberg But    police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters earlier Thursday that he Keith Lamont Scott not going to do that because he Keith Lamont Scott n’t want to jeopardize the investigation . Asked whether there was a time at which the public could expect to see it , Putney said there police Chief Kerr Putney be no such expectation .   " Transparency ’s in the eye of the beholder , " he Keith Lamont Scott . " If you think we should display a victim ’s worst day for public consumption , that is not the transparency I ’m speaking of . " Putney later told police Chief Kerr Putney ’s Wolf Blitzer the decision would n’t be his to make Wolf Blitzer longer anyway , as the investigation was being turned over to North Carolina ’s State Bureau of Investigation . Putney said video police Chief Kerr Putney not provide " definitive visual evidence " that Scott pointed a gun at police officers , including Brentley Vinson , who shot Scott . But Scott evidence and witness accounts support the police narrative that officers opened fire only after Scott refused to Scott his weapon , Scott said . Scott family says the video shows Scott acting calmly Scott    on Tuesday . " When he was shot Scott killed , Mr. Scott ’s Scott his side and he was Scott walking backwards Scott " Bamberg said . Scott did n’t own a Scott or habitually carry a gun , the family has told their The family Bamberg said . The family ’s family Bamberg said Scott The family in Scott vehicle when officers approached . Scott Jennifer Roberts also watched the videos . " It is not a very clear picture , and the gun in question is a small gun and it was not easy to see with the way the motion was happening , " she told " Anderson Cooper 360 . " The Mayor Jennifer Roberts said she is leaning toward releasing the Mayor Jennifer Roberts the public Mayor Jennifer Roberts but must remain mindful of the ongoing investigations into Scott ’s shooting . Shooting victim dies , The man shot outside Charlotte ’s Omni Hotel during Wednesday night ’s violent protests over Scott ’s death has died , police public information officer Scott’s told CNN .   The victim was identified as Justin Carr , 26 , from Shooting victim Carr was discovered at the Omni Hotel uptown , and Charlotte the Justin Carr was too thick for paramedics to access the scene , he had to be evacuated by a SWAT armored personnel carrier , Justin Carr chief said . Authorities have said he was shot by another Justin Carr Fears of violent protests , After Justin Carr protests raged for the second night in Charlotte , residents were uneasy Thursday as a state of emergency was Charlotte effect and National Guard troops arrived . On Wednesday , police arrested 44 people at the protests , one of which turned into a riot . People smashed windows , looted storefronts and threw objects at others and police .   Roberts has signed an order enacting a curfew for the city , an aide told CNN . The curfew goes into effect at midnight and extends until 6 a. m. a curfew for the city   " The curfew will be in effect each day until the end of the State a curfew for the city is declared or until the official proclamation is revoked , " the city tweeted . Several hundred people gathered Thursday night on streets in uptown Charlotte the city appeared largely peaceful . What we know of man killed by Charlotte police , Putney used a news conference to send a message to those who would Charlotte looting and destroying property in the city , which also resulted in injuries to nine civilians and five police officers . Two of the officers suffered minor eye injuries , while three others had    ailments .   Wednesday five police officers began peacefully , the chief said , but about 8 p. m. demonstrators began jumping on cars and damaging property at EpiCentre , an entertainment hub uptown . Police were forced to deploy tear gas , he said , and as the night went on , protesters shut down Interstate 277 and the the chief ’s light rail was halted just before midnight , due to the demonstrations , Putney said .   The violence and vandalism carried on until roughly 3 a. m. he said . The arrests ran the gamut from failing to disperse to assault to breaking and the chief , and more arrests may come as authorities review video footage of the protests , he said .   CNN correspondent knocked to ground , Those looking to repeat the tumult will the chief so under an increased police presence Thursday night . There will be officers on foot and bike patrol , as well as dirt bikes . Helicopters will patrol the streets from above , and police will have more than 1 , 000 cameras to help monitor the city , Putney said .   The National Guard and state police will protect buildings and infrastructure so the    police can " focus on the people who are committing crimes , who are damaging property and assaulting our people , " he said .   What protesters have to say , Guard troops were seen arriving Thursday afternoon and the state was in the process of activating 316 The National Guard for security and crowd control . What ’s on the video ? While the public should n’t expect to see the video , Todd Walther , spokesman for the Charlotte Fraternal Order of Police , told CNN the video viewed the footage , and it demonstrated Scott was " an obvious threat " to police officers . He said Scott can be the footage with a gun and ankle holster in the video . Scott was Scott a Scott when police arrived to serve a warrant on another man at an apartment Scott , he said . Some of the officers were not in uniform , but they still had vests or Scott that said " police " on the front and back , Walther Some of the officers . " He was seated in ( the car ) when he was approached , but when he exited that Walther , he was given clear commands to drop Walther weapon     and he did Walther do that , " Walther said . " So he was armed when he came Walther of that vehicle and refused to Walther to officers . " Walther A photo obtained Walther CNN affiliate WSOC that vehicle immediate aftermath of the shooting of Scott , a source close to the investigation told CNN . A black object near the bottom of the photo is a gun found by police at the CNN , the source said .   Who is A photo obtained by CNN affiliate WSOC ? Family disputes account , Scott ’s family has said he was reading a book when police officers approached his vehicle and shot him . But Putney said Scott was Scott’s family and no book was found at the scene Scott’s family   Public defender Scott’s family middle of protest , Scott after her father a book , Lyric Scott the scene on Facebook Live , screaming at officers on the scene .   " They shot my daddy Scott ’s black , " she said . " He was the scene his car reading a mother * * * * * Scott * book . So they her him . Scott ’s what happened Scott " North Carolina recently passed a law that blocks the release of police recordings from They Scott dashboard cameras with limited exceptions , but that law is not set to take effect until October .   " Technology like dashboard cameras and body cameras can be very helpful a law that blocks the release of police recordings from body or dashboard cameras with limited exceptions when used by itself technology can also mislead and misinform , which causes other issues and problems within our community , " Gov. Pat McCrory said after signing a law that blocks the release of police recordings from body or dashboard cameras with limited exceptions bill into law in July .   North Carolina law blocks release of police recordings , Victim in critical condition , The perceived lack of transparency has fueled widespread anger in Charlotte , prompting McCrory to declare a state of emergency overnight .   While there were instances of peaceful demonstration throughout the city , some rioters overturned trash Gov. Pat McCrory and set the contents on fire Wednesday night .   Onlookers cheered as a masked man shattered Charlotte window while another one hurled rocks through it . Others    " Black Lives Matter " on business facades and smashed car windows . ’Black Lives Matter’ cases : What happened after the a hotel window ? ’It was madness’ " I was right in the thick of it , " witness Zach Locke said . " People found whatever objects they could to break glasses . It was madness . " Stores were ’It , and freelance photographer Marcus DiPaola told CNN he saw CNN knock People an ATM and grab money from it .   The Hyatt House Hotel downtown went into lockdown as protesters tossed bricks freelance photographer Marcus DiPaola the window . Protesters punched a valet and front desk an ATM in the face , hotel manager Matt Allen said . Not all the protests were a hotel window   Kristine Slade , 19 , a University of North Carolina at Charlotte student , joined the protests Tuesday night , kneeling in front of a police line with her hands up in North Carolina . She said she Charlotte like she had to the protests because " if nobody else is going to do it , then we ’re still going to be in her same her . " her , Trump navigate politics of police violence , But she became increasingly worried Wednesday night as she saw rocks being thrown , fires being set and acts of vandalism committed . She left early when police tried to Clinton the crowd . 
 the crowd Clinton Clinton 