New York ( CNN ) One month after his upset victory , Donald Trump described the emotional roller coaster ride Donald Trump experienced on Election Night     and confessed Donald Trump was prepared to accept defeat     in a lengthy speech Wednesday morning at a private fundraiser in New York City . Two attendees who were in the room described to CNN the   ’s mood as    as Donald Trump reveled in Donald Trump unexpected win . But these sources also said Donald Trump extended olive branches to Donald Trump past critics , including President Barack Obama , Donald Trump former rival Hillary Clinton , as well as the " Never Trump " crowd .   As hundreds of donors feasted on omelets , bagels , lox and fruit at a Manhattan restaurant , Donald Trump joked that Donald Trump believed Donald Trump " career was over " on Election Day , according to one attendee , as Donald Trump watched every analyst and pundit on television say it would be impossible for Donald Trump to win . But as results trickled in , Donald Trump would later come to the realization that Donald Trump would become the country ’s next president . Donald Trump described recently telling Donald Trump wife , Melania , at the end of an especially grueling day on the campaign trail that Donald Trump was " at total peace with Donald Trump " and would " accept my fate " if Donald Trump lost the election , because Donald Trump genuinely believed that Donald Trump could not be campaigning harder or attending more rallies . RELATED : Trump donors get seats on Donald Trump inaugural committee , Looking out into the packed room , Donald Trump quipped there must be plenty of " Never Trumpers " in attendance because " let ’s face it Donald Trump all of you guys are my friends now but I could n’t fill this room in the packed room " one attendee described Trump as saying . One major donor in attendance was Paul Singer , according to a source     the billionaire donor and hedge fund manager who has publicly criticized Trump . The breakfast Trump hosted by the Trump Transition Finance Committee , according to an invitation obtained by CNN . Guests paid $ 5 , 000 to attend the meeting . In one striking moment , Trump also went out Trump his way to speak Trump of Obama     particularly interesting as Trump also shared Wednesday Trump he is consulting with Trump President on Cabinet appointments .   Trump told donors that Trump he met with Obama Trump the White Obama days after winning the election , he " got along Trump " the President , one attendee said , and Trump also remarked that Trump had no    Trump Clinton , who had waged a bitter campaign against Trump . Trump briefly Trump his Trump to choose Trump nominee to be his secretary of state Trump two attendees said , and shared his intention to make Trump decision " soon Trump " One of those attendees said Trump two attendees make Trump announcement next week . Another topic on Trump ’s mind : Trump The    made headlines this week when he criticized the next week Trump with the company on building Air Force One Boeing Attendees at the Wednesday breakfast said Trump again expressed displeasure at Trump arrangement , suggesting that the government pays Boeing too much money for the government presidential Boeing . Trump then pointed to a Trump of real estate developers , one attendee recalled , and joked that any one of them could have negotiated a better deal than what one attendee government had struck with the company . 
 the government 