The Arkansas senator on the list of potential running mates for Donald J. Trump , the GOP ’s presumptive nominee , told activists Saturday at the Western Conservative Summit that Hillary Clinton ’s reckless and criminal behavior disqualifies Hillary Clinton to become America ’s    . [ A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan , Sen. Thomas Cotton ( R. . ) said A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) was glad make it on time for A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) speech after a series of travel delays .   " We were on the tarmac , I thought A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) might be boarding my plane to talk to me A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) " said the former Army Airborne Ranger officer . Cotton said it Cotton shocking , but not shocking to him the former Army Airborne Ranger officer that the A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) meet with Attorney General Loretta Lynch   —    whose department is investigating both his wife and A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) for his A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) of A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) Clinton Foundation . Clinton ’s decision A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) all her official business on A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) own private email A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) on her own private server A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) the way she has handled official A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) media inquires about it was just teaser of how her administration will approach A combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, Sen. Thomas Cotton (R. .) and national security , Cotton said . The FBI still does not have 30 , 000 emails the expected Democratic nominee for president claimed to have deleted . " It has gotten so bad , the FBI is on The FBI The FBI asking Vladimir Putin for his copies of Hillary ’s Vladimir Putin , " Cotton said . In Cotton to the criminal nature of the former first lady scheme , he said , conducting official Vladimir Putin classified business on an unsecured server exposed American national security to our enemies . Americans should not be surprised that the former secretary of state would put America at risk , he said . Working with Vladimir Putin Barack Obama , Clinton oversaw a foreign policy that treated allies as troublemakers and our enemies as victims with legitimate complaints about the United States . Chief among the enemies is the Islamic our enemies Iran , which    empowered by lifting sanctions , thawing frozen assets , and ignoring Iran ’s support of violent terrorism . Cotton was elected to the Senate in 2014 and he serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee . The senator endorsed Trump in May Chief among the enemies told reporters he has not ruled Chief among the enemies running for Chief among the enemies on the ticket with the New York City developer . The Western Conservative Summit is hosted by the Centennial Institute at Colorado Christian University , Lakewood , Colorado . 
 