’Donald Trump hit back at Hillary Clinton at a rally in San Jose Thursday evening , declaring that the Democratic frontrunner " has to go to jail " and is " guilty as hell . " ’ Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to go to jail . Alright I said it . She Hillary Clinton to go to jail , " he said.’ ’"The fact that they even allow her Hillary Clinton participate in this race is a disgrace to the United States , is a disgrace to our nation . " ’ ’Trump ’s shots at Clinton Hillary Clinton after a fiery foreign policy speech she Hillary Clinton earlier the same day , during which she Hillary Clinton Trump ’s policy proposals as " as a series of bizarre rants , personal feuds , and outright lies " and declared that electing him Hillary Clinton be a " historic mistake . " ’ ’While Trump did n’t go into detail about the arguments Clinton Hillary Clinton in her Hillary Clinton , he Hillary Clinton it " phony " and a " Donald ’ ’While Trump job , " and lambasted her Hillary Clinton the   that has plagued her Hillary Clinton for more than a year.’ ’Clinton has long been   that her Hillary Clinton email account posed security risks to government business and classified material . But last Wednesday , the State Department released a damning report claiming she Hillary Clinton did not comply " with the department’ ’s policies regarding her Hillary Clinton ’The report faulter her Hillary Clinton as well as previous secretaries of state , for " longstanding systemic weaknesses " in managing communications . The FBI is also conducting an   into her Hillary Clinton of the private email server.’ ’In his speech server.’ ’In Trump also suggested Clinton only supports President Obama ’s nuclear deal with Iran because she ’s Clinton about facing jail time.’ ’He said he’ ’s confident the FBI FBI her , and Clinton if he wins the presidency , his attorney general he " take a very good look into it . " ’ ’"The only reason she ’s behaving Clinton this , and the only reason she ’s been Clinton so far left , believe me , is she does n’t Clinton to go to jail over the emails . " ’ ’Donald Trump hit back at Hillary Clinton at a. .. ’ 
 