Ottawa , Ontario ( CNN ) You know him as the man who can break the Internet with a single photo . Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau swept into office in 2015 with a promise of " sunny ways " and " positive politics " for a country feuding over religion , taxes and the military .   But a now series of scandals     and a new neighbor in the White House     have ushered in a good dose of gloom . " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has enjoyed an historic and exceptional honeymoon , " pollster Nik Nanos of Nanos Research said . " Now , the shine is off . " With Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau popularity slipping and the challenges of Donald Trump ’s administration mounting     the two leaders are due to meet Monday at the White House     Trudeau might well be sensing a storm . Here ’s how Trudeau got to this point : From bouncer to Prime Minister , Trudeau jobs have varied from nightclub bouncer to teacher . A married father of three , Trudeau is an avid athlete who runs , skis , surfs , boxes     Trudeau ’s even mastered yoga . And from Trudeau shirtless encounters with strangers to an official visit with a blushing Catherine Duchess of Cambridge , Trudeau has charmed the world one selfie at a time .   Elected to Parliament in 2008 , Trudeau became Canada ’s prime minister in November 2015 with a liberal message of inclusion . At age 43 , Trudeau assumed the office Trudeau father , Pierre Trudeau , held decades earlier . Not so ’sunny’ : Elbowgate , Castro and chopper rides   The afterglow burned for months . Then came Elbowgate .   It was a    counterpoint to Trudeau ’s carefully cultivated image of calm . And it was all caught on camera . In May 2016 , while debating a contentious piece of legislation on assisted suicide , Trudeau " manhandled " a member of Parliament and elbowed another , apparently swearing as Trudeau went .   Trudeau apologized , twice , and the negative attention was mostly limited to Canada . No such luck for Trudeau next misstep .   As the world reacted to the death of Fidel Castro , Trudeau Trudeau in a statement that the Trudeau been a " larger than life leader who served his people . Trudeau He left out Trudeau mention of Castro ’s record Fidel Castro human rights and his history of Trudeau .    The criticism poured in . # TrudeauEulogies started trending , with mock tributes to despots past and present . In the end , Trudeau agreed that Castro was a Fidel Castro . Even before that ruckus could die down , Trudeau found himself Trudeau the Trudeau of yet another scandal . His office confirmed Trudeau the Prime Minister Trudeau holiday on the Trudeau island of the Aga Khan     and used the billionaire religious leader ’s private helicopter to get there . An ethics investigation is underway . And no sooner had the new year begun than tragedy struck in Quebec City , where a local college student allegedly shot to death six men at a mosque . It was one of the worst attacks to target Muslims in a Western country . Make Trudeau great again , Trudeau used the massacre to Trudeau down on his message of inclusion . Trudeau   are an important part of our national fabric , " he said . The attack Trudeau as Trudeau , aware of his Trudeau popularity and aiming Trudeau shed the label of " limousine liberal , " embarked on a    town hall road show . He got grilled , heckled Trudeau yelled at . But some commentators saw it as a successful act a   town hall road show contrition after several weeks of damaging missteps .   " That ’s why he did this incredible tour Trudeau the country that no one ’s ever seen before , " said Craig Oliver , chief political commentator for CTV News . " He ’s authentic , " Trudeau Oliver , who has known Trudeau since childhood . " He has real good instincts Trudeau people and about politics . " ’Sunny ways’ still under threat , As he works to dig out Trudeau his domestic rut , Trudeau Trudeau new threats to Trudeau progressive politics . There Trudeau still a strain of nationalist populism that runs deep in Canada .   Oh , and then there ’s Donald Trump .   Former Vice President Joe Biden suggested weeks before he left office that Trudeau Former Vice President Joe Biden along with German Trudeau Angela Merkel , would inherit the liberal mantle from former President Barack Obama .   " The world ’s going to spend a lot of time looking to you , Prime Minister , as we see more and more challenges to the liberal international order since the end of World War II , " Biden said . But is Trudeau up to the task Trudeau The Prime Minister is an Prime Minister    and    cheerleader for diversity . And just a week before Trump was sworn in , Trudeau issued a thinly veiled Trudeau at his new American counterpart . Trudeau There are things that we hold dear that the Americans have n’t prioritized , " he said at a town Trudeau event . " And I ’m never going to shy away from standing up for what I believe in     whether it ’s proclaiming loudly to the world that I am a feminist , whether it ’s understanding that immigration is a it of strength for us and    are an essential part of the success of our country today and into the future . "   After the Trump administration announced its travel ban on seven    countries the Trump administration Trudeau tweeted , " To those fleeing persecution , terror   war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith . Diversity is our strength # WelcomeToCanada " " Almost everything that Trump represents , Trudeau resents , " the Trump administration said . Trudeau to face with Trump , As Trudeau preps for his the Trump administration with Trump Trudeau some say Trudeau should remember the Trump administration words of his Trudeau father , who in the Trudeau said that living next to the United States was like " sleeping with an elephant "     every " twitch and grunt " affects you .   " Agitating the President of the United States is not a good the United States the President is Donald Trump because he has such the President of the United States skin , " pollster Nanos the President of the United States . Trudeau and Trump are sure to agree on some issues , including Donald Trump of the Keystone XL Pipeline . But for Trudeau , nearly every facet of his country ’s economy Trudeau be affected by his relationship Trudeau Trump . " There ’s just so Trudeau riding on Donald Trump , " Oliver said . " You know , 75 % of Canada ’s goods are sold in the United States . That border has to stay open for business . " For his part , Trudeau said as much last week during Trudeau public appearance ahead of his White House visit .   " We both got Trudeau on commitments to strengthen the middle class and support those working hard to join it , " the Prime Minister said . " And the middle class ’s exactly Trudeau gon na be focused on in these meetings     making sure that the millions of good ,    jobs on both side of our borders that are dependent on the smooth flow of goods and services and people back and forth across our border are reinforcing the deep connections and friendship between Canada and our United States . " 
 