Saturday Night Live cast member Colin Jost found Saturday Night Live cast member Colin Jost inundated with complaints and criticism on social media this week after joking that the election of Donald Trump was a result of identity politics being pushed ahead of other issues facing America voters . [ During the " Weekend update " segment of last week ’s show , Jost joked : " The dating app Tinder announced a new feature this week , which gives users 37 different gender identity options . The dating app Tinder ’s called , ‘ Why Democrats lost the election . ’ "    Jost quickly found Jost in a war of words on social media with LBGTQ activists . " Politically engaged ‘ PC Police’ liberals made it possible for racist demagogues to win , not the apathetic 42 % of Americans who did n’t vote , " one user wrote on Twitter . Politically engaged " PC Police " liberals made it possible for racist demagogues to win , not the apathetic 42 % of Americans who did n’t vote .   —    Cole Escola ( @ColeEscola ) November 21 , 2016 ,   Some users scorned Jost for spreading " hatred , " while others blamed Hillary Clinton ’s loss on " cis white women . " Yo @ColinJost , do you not get this kind hatred is why trump won the election ? Shame . Shame shame shame . pic . twitter .    —    pwr bttm ? ( @PWRBTTMBAND ) November 21 , 2016 ,   Colin Jost   comedians like Colin Jost   need to realize that there are just some " jokes " that are n’t November 21, 2016,  Colin Jost  comedians like him to make .   —    Jason Rayner ( @thejasonrayner ) November 22 , 2016 ,   blaming hillary ’s loss on democrats being politically correct toward trans people is effed up . look at the data ! cis white women screwed up !   —    Robyn Kanner ( @robynkanner ) November 22 , 2016 ,   What the fuck is this @SNLUpdate pic . twitter .    —    Sam Escobar 👻 ( @myhairisblue ) November 21 , 2016 ,   It is n’t that we " do n’t get the joke . " We get it , you blame " identity politics , " but for LGBTQ ppl these issues mean everything @ColinJost ,   —    Sam Escobar 👻 ( @myhairisblue ) November 22 , 2016 ,   Jost defended Jost by asking one user if asking one user " think 100 percent of Trump voters were hatred and 0 percent had any other rationale ? " @PWRBTTMBAND so you think 100 percent of Trump voters were hatred and 0 percent had any other rationale ?   —    Colin Jost ( @ColinJost ) November 22 , 2016 ,   The     comic tweeted a link to a New York Times article written by political scientist Mark Lilla , which proposes that Clinton made a " strategic mistake " when Clinton adopted " the rhetoric of diversity , calling out explicitly to    Latino , L. G. B. T. and women voters at every stop . " Another user , Ben Hopkins of the rock band PWR BTTM , begged the SNL star not to " trivialize " the SNL star community ’s " right to love . " Jost responded : " It ’s politics . A lot of politics is messaging and getting America on board . I want to examine how we failed at that goal . " @PWRBTTMBAND It ’s politics . A lot of politics is messaging and getting America on board . I want to examine how we failed at that goal .   —    Colin Jost ( @ColinJost ) November 22 , 2016 ,   Meanwhile , online outlets also took aim at Jost —   Colin Jost (@ColinJost In a piece titled " Colin —   Colin Jost (@ColinJost a Dumbass , " Deadspin ’s Jordan Sargent said that with his responses Jordan Sargent the criticism , the comedian revelead " he was Jordan Sargent just making a dumb joke . " " Jost was —   Colin Jost (@ColinJost ribbing his viewers Jordan Sargent the idea that Hillary Clinton lost because Democrats focus too much on the intricacies of identity —   which would have been fine , we can laugh at ourselves — we he was Jordan Sargent apparently , genuinely making a point about who and what the Democrats should prioritize over the next four years , " Sargent wrote . " Reasonable people can discuss ways in which the party can win back some of the white vote , but Jost is saying that liberals should deemphasize equal rights for all people because it alienates rednecks . " Similarly crticial pieces were published this week at the AV Club and at Paste magazine . The comic ’s Twitter account had gone silent as of Wednesday morning .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 