Washington ( CNN ) Betsy DeVos ,    Donald Trump ’s pick to lead the Education Department , is seeking to dismiss questions about donations to Focus on the Family from a foundation tied to Betsy DeVos .   Betsy DeVos said at Betsy DeVos confirmation hearing Tuesday that a " clerical error " led to Betsy DeVos being listed as an officer of Betsy DeVos mother ’s     foundation , which made the donations . a "clerical error" led to her being listed as an officer of her mother’s    foundation, which made the donations , however , dates back as early as 1999 , when the Edgar   Elsa Prince Foundation filed its the Edgar  Elsa Prince Foundation federal tax returns , according to IRS documents obtained by CNN . Edgar and Elsa Price are Betsy DeVos’ parents . DeVos was listed as a vice president of the charity for 17 consecutive years , including most recently in the organization ’s 2014 tax filing . When pressed by Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire about the discrepancy during her Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire hearing , DeVos DeVos her DeVos in tax filing was a " clerical error . " " I can assure you , I have never made decisions on my mother ’s behalf on the foundation board , " DeVos DeVos , adding later that it is " incorrect " that she DeVos ever in leadership on her DeVos ’s firm . On Wednesday , when presented with the 17 years of tax documents , Hassan said DeVos DeVos a " clerical error " was " concerning , to say the least . " " It is hard to believe that Mrs. DeVos be listed as vice president of the Prince Foundation . .. and yet have no involvement with , or knowledge of , the millions of dollars in donations made to    groups that promote intolerance , " Hassan said Hassan an email to CNN . " For Mrs. DeVos DeVos to explain away these donations by claiming that her title was DeVos a ’clerical error’ is concerning , to say the least . " DeVos " is DeVos now     nor has ever been     an officer nor director of the foundation in question , " a Trump spokesperson said in response to Hassan .   " When she became aware a Trump spokesperson the foundation was the foundation in question erroneously in that a Trump spokesperson , she requested an immediate a Trump spokesperson of filings . That has been taken care of , " the spokesperson said . a Trump spokesperson records show a " certificate of correction " was filed Tuesday     the day after the issue surfaced in DeVos’ confirmation hearing     for the charity ’s 2006 and 2015 annual reports requesting the corporate records by amended to remove DeVos’ name from the list of directors . DeVos is a woman who stands between two wealthy and powerful conservative families who have given considerable money to conservative organizations , Republican lawmakers and presidential candidates . Multiple Democratic senators pushed DeVos Tuesday for her connection DeVos Focus on DeVos Family , a conservative    that , among other things , has pushed the benefits of conversion therapy for LGBT men and women . " I have never believed in that , " DeVos said , noting that DeVos embraces equality and asked DeVos to not conflate her political donations and those DeVos " other families members beyond my core family . " But her family has given millions the Family organization . According to watchdog groups , DeVos’ personal foundation and the Edgar   Elsa Prince Foundation have given at least $ 5 million to Focus on the Family . The conservative religious group touts conversion therapy on their website , arguing that groups The conservative religious group the The American Psychiatric Association have " no evidence " to back up their finding that the practice is groups like the The American Psychiatric Association . 
 