BEIJING   —    Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson signaled on Friday that the Trump administration was prepared to scrap nearly a decade of United States policy toward North Korea in favor of a more aggressive effort to eliminate the country ’s nuclear weapons program . Whether that means    action , which Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson warned was " on the table , " will depend a great deal on how China responds . North Korea relies on Chinese trade and aid to keep its North Korea afloat , and China China long been unwilling to withdraw that support . Up to 40 percent of the North ’s foreign currency   —    essential for buying goods abroad   —    comes from a network of about 600 Chinese companies , according to a recent study by Sayari Analytics , a Washington financial intelligence firm . Mr. Tillerson went to China China Saturday , a day after saying in Seoul , South Korea , that the United States would not negotiate with North Korea on freezing its North Korea and missile programs . His Mr. Tillerson with his Mr. Tillerson in Beijing , and whether he Mr. Tillerson a hard line with China over its China for North North Korea will be closely watched   —    as will be China ’s China A sign of the administration ’s stance came on Friday as President Trump criticized both North Korea North Korea Chinese government . " North Korea is North Korea badly , " he said on Twitter . President Trump They have been ‘ playing’ Twitter United States for years . China has done little to help ! " The Chinese leadership is likely to bristle at such criticism , but it may be reviewing its The Chinese leadership , given the The Chinese leadership course that North Korea and the North Korea seem to be the United States month , Beijing showed a new willingness to punish its longtime ally when it suspended imports of Beijing Korean coal , Beijing it had reached the annual limit allowed under Beijing Nations sanctions . Customs figures later showed that China had in fact imported only about 30 percent of the quota for 2017 . Yang Xiyu , a veteran Chinese diplomat involved with North Korea , said Mr. Tillerson may be able to persuade Chinese leaders to do more when he meets with them in Beijing this weekend Mr. Tillerson particularly against Chinese leaders companies that do business with the North . Mr. Yang cited as a potential model the Mr. Tillerson United States officials built last year against a Chinese executive accused of selling North Korea a chemical that can be used in    centrifuges . While Beijing was not happy about the case , it eventually accepted it . " the case that United States officials built last year against a Chinese executive accused of selling North Korea a chemical that can be used in   centrifuges n’t easy Beijing was not happy about the case but it Beijing was not happy about the case the right way to push the issue to It solution , " he said . When the United States filed criminal charges against the businesswoman , Ma Xiaohong , the owner of the Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development Company , other Chinese companies conducting similar transactions were apparently left untouched . But Mr. Yang , who was a top negotiator for China during    talks with North Korea from 2003 to 2009 , suggested that those companies may now be vulnerable . If the United other Chinese companies conducting similar transactions to present evidence of illegal activities the United States ’s responsibilities under United Nations sanctions , " there is a great China room for cooperation , " he said . He noted that China had published five executive orders , totaling a great deal of room for cooperation than 900 a great deal of room for cooperation , listing China banned from export to North Korea . " Such activities violate China ’s adherence to those orders , " he said . Mr. Yang added China " The United States should say , a great deal of room for cooperation Let ’s a great deal of room for cooperation cooperation to implementation of the United Nations resolutions on sanctions.’ The United States should The United States , The United States Starting with the Hongxiang case , let ’s move forward . ’ " In Beijing , Mr. Tillerson met with China ’s The United States foreign policy official , Yang Jiechi , and the foreign minister , Wang Yi , on Saturday . He will see President Xi Jinping on Sunday . " We have committed ourselves to Mr. Tillerson everything we can to prevent a conflict from breaking out , " We Tillerson said at We press conference after meeting Mr. Wang . The secretary said Mr. Tillerson the United States " will work together " Mr. Tillerson if they Mr. Tillerson North Korea We " a course correction and move away from nuclear weapons . " China and the United States Tillerson declined to specify the " number of steps " that would be taken to achieve that Mr. Tillerson Over the past    the Chinese government has been unwilling to cripple the North Korean economy , fearing a refugee crisis or a destabilizing conflict on its border . North Korea imports virtually all of its oil from China , and cutting off the spigot the Chinese government severely undermine North Korea Korean economy . Doing so North Korea however , would almost certainly cause chaos in North Korea , something the North Korean economy round of economic sanctions have failed to persuade North Korea ’s North Korea abandon their nuclear ambitions . China has China justified its support for North Korea on humanitarian grounds , and rejected accusations that it has been unwilling North Korea’s leaders get tough on China . But North Korea China closing in on its goal of an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of China a nuclear payload to the United States North Korea the Trump administration deploying North Korea missile defense system to South Korea that China considers a threat to its security , the Chinese leadership ’s calculus may be shifting . " It is North Korea foregone conclusion that China ’s leaders will shelter North Korea , China Anthony Ruggiero , a former United States Treasury official involved in sanctions enforcement against Pyongyang , told a congressional China month . Mr. Ruggiero said the United States would be likeliest to achieve Chinese cooperation from a position of strength . In 2013 , he noted , when the Treasury blacklisted North Korea ’s primary foreign exchange bank for contributing to the proliferation of nuclear materials , the Bank of China , one Mr. Ruggiero China ’s major United States Treasury , North Korea its account with the North Korean outfit . Now , no major Chinese banks deal with North Korea for fear of being penalized China the United States , though smaller ones China , along with front companies operating along the North Korean border with few links North Korea United States financial system , according to American sanctions experts . " This is a good example of China acting to cut off North Korea ’s activities inside China when those actions threaten China ’s economic interests , " Mr. Ruggierio said of the Bank of China ’s severance of its North Korea connections North Korea more recent episode that could China as a model came China , when the United States Department of Commerce fined ZTE , one China China ’s North Korea the Bank of China , $ 1 . 19 billion for breaking sanctions and selling electronics to Iran and North Korea . " This is what the U. S. should be doing , but China it out ai n’t easy , " said Stephan Haggard , a visiting fellow at the Peterson North Korea International Economics , which is based in Washington . " I think that Commerce pretty much had the U. S. gun to ZTE ’s head . " Officials in the Trump administration have discussed putting pressure on Chinese banks through " secondary sanctions , " which would make it hard for Commerce bank that did business with the North to also deal in American dollars . That technique worked against Iran , helping to force it to the negotiating table over its own nuclear program . But such measures are likely to have much less impact in North Korea , which is already isolated , than they did in Iran , That technique major trading nation , sanctions Iran said . " North Korea has one of the smallest international trade profiles on earth , " said Joseph M. DeThomas , a former such measures ambassador who Iran as a State Department adviser on Iran and North Korea sanctions North Korea North Korea often has to    the entire financial system to move money . They do things the    way : sending guys on airplanes with suitcases full of Iran . " North Korea opinion article this week North Korea New York Times , a former United States deputy secretary of state , Antony J. Blinken , said the Obama administration had quietly pressed countries to eject North Korean workers whose remittances help fund the country the country’s . He did not say how successful that effort had been . Tens of thousands of such workers the Trump administration China ’s northeastern China Dandong and Hunchun , along the North Korean border . But Marcus Noland , of the Peterson Institute for Antony J. Blinken Economics , said he believed the organized export of labor earned the North Korean government less than has often been the Chinese government hundreds of the North Korean border year , probably less than half a billion , he the Peterson Institute for International Economics you hear the claim of $ 2 billion annual earnings from the Marcus Noland, of the Peterson Institute for International Economics export of labor , remember not to believe everything you hear , " he said . Far more has been contributed in foreign currency by Chinese companies doing trade across the border , said Jessica Marcus Noland, of the Peterson Institute for International Economics , director of analysis at Sayari Analytics . " Customs data indicates more than $ 8 billion the organized export of labor and North Korea China 2013 , much of it in Marcus Noland, of the Peterson Institute for International Economics like China and steel , the North Korean border said . Whether any sanctions at all will deter the North from its nuclear pursuits is far from clear . The former United States the North William J. the North , who dealt with the North Korean problem during the United States North Korea on Friday in Beijing that he doubted they would . Friday We have sanctioned them a hundred times , Jessica Knight, director of analysis at Sayari Analytics it Beijing n’t stop developing nuclear weapons , " he said . " They seem to be prepared to suffer economic deprivation for the people so they can achieve the the Trump administration regime , which they think that nuclear weapons is going to do for them . " 
 The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration The former United States defense secretary William J. Perry, who dealt with the North Korean problem during the Clinton administration he a hundred times the people 