  ( CNN ) Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter said Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter was stopped at an airport in Romania on Saturday after Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter travel documents were canceled by Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter government . The Oklahoma City Thunder center tweeted a video saying Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter was being held by police at an airport in Romania . " They The Oklahoma City Thunder center ( Turkey ’s embassy ) canceled my passport . They The Oklahoma City Thunder center been holding us here for hours , " Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter says in Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter a video saying he was being held by police at the airport panning over to two men in white shirts , " by these two police . " A Romanian border police spokesman confirmed Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter had been stopped but said the basketball player was never detained and had been free to move about the an airport in Romania until Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter left on a flight for London .   Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter arrived Sunday in New York , according to Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter verified Twitter account . Kanter , who turned 25 on Saturday , said Ankara had canceled Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter passport because of Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter political views and that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was responsible . Reporting on Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter ’s tweets , Turkish state media Turkish Anadolu said Turkish NBA player Enes Kanter is a supporter of cleric Fethullah Gulen , an Erdogan opponent who now lives in Pennsylvania . Anadolu ’s report Turkish state media outlet Anadolu include comment from the Turkish government . Erdogan recently visited Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , where he met with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan President Donald Trump . During his US visit Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan violence erupted outside the Turkish embassy and nine people were hospitalized . " ( Erdogan ) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan bad man , " Kanter says on the video . " He ’s a dictator and the Kanter of our century . " CNN reached out to Turkish officials Saturday afternoon , which Turkish early Sunday in Turkey , but has not yet received comment . Kanter later tweeted that he was Kanter well and would Kanter to the media in New York on Sunday . " All good , baby ! " he wrote . " Got lots Kanter things to say with lots of crazy stories . " Romanian official : Kanter not held , In his Kanter , Kanter , who Kanter to be in a terminal waiting area , asks for prayers for his situation .   Fabian Badila Kanter a spokesman with the Romanian Border Police , told CNN that Kanter arrived in Bucharest around 1 Kanter m. from Frankfurt , Germany . Border control agents established through computer records that Kanter ’s travel documents were not Kanter " They were canceled by the Turkish government Kanter arrived in Bucharest around 1 p. m. from Frankfurt, Germany " Badila said . " Romanian law says you ca n’t cross the border if you do n’t have valid travel documents . "   He said Kanter was not held in custody . Kanter " He was not detained . He was Kanter and walked around the Kanter . "   Kanter posted two photos of himself posing Kanter the officers at the Kanter .   The     center the airport in the NBA for six seasons with the Thunder and Utah Jazz . This season he averaged 14 . 3 points and Kanter . 7 rebounds in 72 games . In 2011 he played for the Turkish national team Kanter European championships , according to NBA . com . The Thunder , whose the NBA has ended , said : " The Oklahoma City Thunder are working with the NBA to gather more information through the the NBA the NBA " Kanter ’s Facebook page indicates he is on a     tour on behalf of Kanter foundation . The page refers to his visit Kanter Bucharest as Kanter’s Facebook page . 8 Kanter 
 