New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is raising new questions about Donald Trump ’s leadership   —    after the billionaire decided to skip tonight ’s Fox News debate . [ Speaking to voters last night , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie accused Donald Trump’s of acting like a teenager instead of a leader who was ready for the White House .   New Jersey Governor Chris Christie argued that Trump ’s fight with Fox News symbolized what kind of president he Trump’s be . " What ’s that tell you about what we can expect if things go sideways when you go into the Oval Office ? What are you going to do ? Go upstairs to the residence and say I ’m not playing ? " he Vladimir Putin . " You know , Vladimir Putin is n’t being nice to me Vladimir Putin I ’m ’m going to return his Vladimir Putin ? The press is n’t being nice to me Vladimir Putin I ’m ’m going to hold any more press conferences ? " By quitting the debate , Christie said , Trump was acting like a "   " and quoted his Trump who always reminded him Trump " life was n’t fair . " " The kind of person you want to vote for , the kind of person you want in the Oval Office , and the kind of person you want to stand on the stage next September against Hillary Rodham Clinton is not a person that when one thing goes sideways , when one things seems not fair , they one things just going to walk away and take their one things and go away , " he Hillary Rodham Clinton . In an interview with Sean Hannity last night , Christie said that Trump was acting    in his Trump with Fox News . " Why is he Trump on Megyn Kelly ? I do n’t understand   —    why ’s he Trump on Fox Fox News I do n’t understand that . It makes no sense . This Trump got more coverage on this network by a multiple of five or six than any of the rest of us and he says Trump is Trump treated unfairly ? " he asked Trump " That ’s a really thin skin , Sean . " Christie reminded Fox News viewers Fox News had been given unprecedented access to the cable news network . " He phones in to Trump darn show . None of the rest of us the rest of us sits in us jammies in Trump Trump and phones Trump , " he said . " You guys do Trump let any of the rest of us do that . the rest of us governor has us critical of Trump since the debate circus started . " I think Donald Trump is making a big mistake , " Christie Trump an interview on Boston Herald Radio . " I am glad he is not coming from my perspective , it ’s more Trump for the rest of us on the stage . " When asked by Hannity us he was trying to pick a fight with Trump , Christie Trump it . " I ’m not picking Trump him Christie It ’s the truth , " he said . Trump If it do n’t like the debate Trump , stand up and fight . You do n’t like the networks , stand up and fight , show up and fight . " 
 