With Election Day polls opening up across the country on Tuesday , some of Hollywood ’s most progressive celebrities have got some of Hollywood’s most progressive celebrities bags packed just in case Republican Donald Trump prevails over Democrat Hillary Clinton . [ Here are 16 of Hollywood’s best and brightest who have pledged to move out of the United States in the event of a Trump Republican Donald Trump .     1 . Barbra Streisand , " I ca n’t believe it . I ’m either coming to your country if you ’ll let me in , or Canada , " the Democrat Hillary Clinton 60 Minutes in an interview in August . Streisand has Barbra Streisand a vocal supporter of Clinton ’s Democrat Hillary Clinton , and appeared at a    fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year . 2 . Bryan Cranston , " I would definitely move . It ’s not real to me that Bryan Cranston would happen . I hope to God it wo that would happen , " Cranston said Bryan Cranston October of the possibility of a Trump victory . The Breaking Bryan Cranston would take a permanent Bryan Cranston to Vancouver . 3 . Miley Cyrus , The young pop star said Bryan Cranston out da country " Miley Cyrus Trump , whom she called a " f*cking Trump " were Miley Cyrus win the election . 4 . Lena Dunham ,   The Girls star said there is a " 100 percent chance " she will pick up and move to Canada Miley Cyrus Trump prevails on Election Day . " I Trump Canada . I think that it ’s a Canada place , and there Canada an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing , and I can conduct business from there , " the actress and Clinton surrogate said . 5 . Amy Schumer , The comedian and Trainwreck actress said Spain would be her destination of choice if Trump wins the presidency . " My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish , " Schumer said in an appearance on the BBC Amy Schumer Newsnight in September . " Because I will move to Spain or somewhere . It ’s beyond my Spain if Trump won . It ’s just too crazy Trump " 6 It Jon Stewart , The former Daily Show funnyman may want to connect with billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk if Trump wins he told People magazine last year Trump he billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk consider " getting in a rocket billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk going to another planet , because clearly this planet ’s gone bonkers . " 7 another planet , The same goes for pop icon Cher , who wrote on Twitter that she would be moving to Jupiter if Trump wins Cher The " Believe " singer Trump appeared with Hillary Clinton at campaign events this year . 8 . Chelsea Handler , The comedian and    host said Handler the Cher of a Trump win . " I did buy a Trump in another country just in case , " Handler said in an interview on ABC ’s Live with Kelly and Michael in May. " So all these people that threaten to leave the country and then do n’t   —    I actually will leave that country . another country . Samuel L. Jackson , The veteran actor accused Trump of running another country hate "   Trump in an interview with the Hollywood Reporter . " If that motherf*cker becomes president , I ’m moving my black ass to South Africa , " he later told Jimmy Kimmel . 10 . Whoopi Goldberg , The comedian and The View    has that motherf*cker becomes president trashed Trump on the ABC daytime talk show . Trump Listen , he can be whatever party he wants to be , " she said during an episode in January that motherf*cker becomes president " What he ca that motherf*cker becomes president be is he ca n’t Whoopi Goldberg, The comedian and The View    the guy that says it ’s your fault stuff that motherf*cker becomes president n’t working . That that motherf*cker becomes president not the president I want . Find a way to make stuff work . " " Maybe it ’s time for me to move , you know . I can afford to go , " she added . 11 . Neve Campbell , The Scream and House of Cards actress said she would Whoopi Goldberg, The comedian and The View    back to her native Canada if Trump wins the election . " They see someone Whoopi Goldberg, The comedian and The View    the cuff and broad Whoopi Goldberg, The comedian and The View    and they think ‘ ok , that ’s the The Scream and House of Cards actress we need , just someone honest,’ " Campbell told The Scream and House of Cards actress Huffington Post of the motivation behind the Republican candidate ’s support . " But his honesty is terrifying . " 12 .    Key , The Key and Peele star also said he ’d flee north to Canada in the event of a Trump presidency . " It ’s like The Key and Peele star 10 minutes from Detroit , " the comedian told TMZ in January . " That ’s where I ’m from my mom lives there . It ’d make her happy too . " 13 . George Lopez , " If he wins , he wo n’t my mom to worry about immigration . We ’ll all go back , George Lopez the Latino George Lopez and TV star told TMZ shortly after Trump announced his candidacy in 2015 . 14 .    The RB singer said he TMZ be moving to Canada Trump straight away " if Trump wins . " Me and Drake The RB singer na be neighbors if Donald Trump becomes president , " Trump singer told TMZ in October . 15 .   Rev. Al Trump The civil rights activist told The RB singer TMZ Center for American Progress event in February that he would be looking for flight reservations if Clinton did not triumph on Election Day . " I ’m also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins . Only because he ’d probably have me deported anyhow , " Sharpton said . 16 .    he former View    and he Channel star is probably already on a flight out . During a February episode of the talk show , the actress said she would move to Canada " if any Republican gets nominated . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : the actress 
 