  ( CNN ) Vice President Joe Biden confirmed Thursday that Vice President Joe Biden and President Barack Obama were briefed last week by intelligence officials on unsubstantiated claims that Russia may have compromising information on    Donald Trump .    (CNN) first reported that Russia ’s top intelligence chiefs provided both President Barack Obama and    a    written synopsis of the claims , which came from a    report compiled by a former British intelligence operative based on Russian sources . Intelligence agencies appended a    summary of the unverified allegations to documents prepared for the briefing on Russian meddling Russian the 2016 US presidential election . Biden ’s office confirmed that the vice president said he and the vice president were briefed about the claims but said that neither Biden nor Biden asked Obama more information about them . Biden nor Obama ’s Biden’s office vice president told reporters the vice president felt obligated to tell Obama because they were planning on informing Obama . intelligence leaders also Biden he read Biden entire    report . Biden ’s Biden Biden’s that Biden’s office to the vice president , asked , Obama What does this the vice president with anything ? " The comments by Biden are Biden first by any top government official confirming that they were told about the allegations as part of their intelligence briefing The comments by Biden   Multiple US officials briefed on the matter The comments by Biden CNN on Thursday that FBI Director James Comey and Trump had a brief     conversation at Comey    on the    synopsis of the claims about Trump and Russia . All four intelligence chiefs had decided that Comey Trump be the one who would handle the sensitive discussion with the   .   The discussion was described by the sources as cordial .   The Comey declined to comment on this account .   Also on Thursday , the    synopsis was discussed in a    Senate intelligence briefing , multiple senators told CNN . Intelligence officials said the material was not a product of the intelligence community , an apparent reference to the unverified allegations against Trump . On Wednesday night , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper called Trump to try to defuse tensions after the    accused the intelligence agencies of leaking information about the dossier . Clapper issued a rare public statement after his Trump with the    expressing " dismay " at the leaks and making it clear he did not believe the National Intelligence James Clapper community had anything to do with National Intelligence James Clapper he called the " private security company document " that contained claims about Trump . National Intelligence James Clapper added that the intelligence community " has not made any judgment that National Intelligence James Clapper information in this document is reliable , and we did not rely upon it National Intelligence James Clapper any way the intelligence community . However , part of our obligation is to ensure that policymakers the "private security company document" that contained claims about Trump with the fullest possible picture of any matters that might the "private security company document" that contained claims about Trump national security . " we 