March 29 , 2017 , President Trump signs a new executive order concerning the climate and jobs , and it reflects a very different approach than President Trump predecessor . A settlement is reached concerning funding for water pipes in Flint , Michigan , but residents are still living with the effects of the city ’s water crisis . Stories concerning a volatile U. S. stock market and a dynamic type of gel are also included in today ’s show . TRANSCRIPT   CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   I ’m Carl Azuz .   Thank you for taking 10 for CNN 10 . We ’re starting with the sweeping executive order by U. S. President Donald Trump .   It reflects a very different governmental approach concerning the environment than the one by former President Barack Obama .   former President Barack Obama addressed what former President Barack Obama characterized as a bipartisan challenge in 2013 . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) BARACK OBAMA , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   And this is my plan to meet this     a plan that cut carbon pollution , a plan to protect our country from the impacts of climate change and a plan to lead the world in a coordinated assault on a changing climate . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   But the rules he put in place in order to do that are seen as a threat to the economy by President Trump .   The order he signed yesterday did away with many of those rules . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   With today ’s executive action , I am taking historic steps to lift the restrictions on American energy , to reverse government intrusion and to cancel    regulations . ( APPLAUSE ) ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The White House says climate change is an issue that deserves attention , but that The White House can both protect the environment and provide more jobs .   President Trump says President Trump order will bring back jobs in the fossil fuel industry .   But some environmental advocates say the new rules will endanger the environment and Americans health and that his order will harm clean energy jobs at the expense of allowing polluters to profit . Some of the new rules like allowing leases for    on government land will take effect right away .   Others open the door for more changes down the road . At least $ 87 million have been set aside for the city of Flint , Michigan .   It will go toward replacing Flint ’s water pipes . The old ones are made of iron and lead and that contributed to a major problem that started in 2014 when to save money , the state of Michigan Michigan Flint Flint water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River .   The river water was more corrosive and it The river water n’t treated properly , so it The river water into the old pipes and brought lead to the city ’s residents , some of whom suffered health problems after this happened . The water supply has since been switched back to Lake Lake Huron the $ 87 million settlement resolves just one of the civil lawsuits that have been filed against state and city officials .   Some see it as a victory for the residents .   Others say it ’s it enough and they ’re Others out , if they have Others already . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) DOMINIQUE ABSELL , HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR :   Because I wanted to serve my country and      SARA SIDNER , CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Dominique Absell is only 18 , but his    Dominique Absell for his future Dominique Absell dead . ABSELL :   That was my dream to get to the Army and now I ca n’t       SIDNER :   The city he loves SIDNER:   now a source of anxiety , partly because of the water crisis and what has happened to his body SIDNER:   .    ABSELL : ABSELL:   like getting headaches and passing out , seizures .    SIDNER :   His SIDNER:   ca n’t SIDNER:   exactly why he began blacking out , sometimes SIDNER:   times a week .   It means medically he ca n’t qualify for the SIDNER:   .   He is n’t even allowed to SIDNER:   .   His blood tests show very low SIDNER:   of lead , convincing his mother the contaminants in Flint SIDNER:   water are to blame , but there ’s no medical proof .    SIDNER ( on camera ) :   You said you do n’t know if it ’s the water .   What do Flint’s water it is ? BEVERLY DAVIS , MOTHER :   It has to be the water .   He just stopped Flint’s water because I just BEVERLY DAVIS, MOTHER:   cooking with the water .    SIDNER ( ):   Flint’s water one of the children who will inherit the city of Flint , a city that is now a shell of its former self .   RealtyTrac estimates one in Absell homes has been abandoned .   For three consecutive years ending in 2013 , Flint has had the most violent crimes per capita and about 40 percent of the residents live beneath the poverty line .    Then came the decision by government officials to save money by switching the water supply .   It end up creating a major health hazard .   The biggest potential harm     hitting Flint ’s future generations , like     Julian ( Flint and Nadia who play like children but speak in extremes about the water .    SIDNER ( on camera ) :   What ’s wrong with the water ? NADIA BAYLOR ,    :   They the water in it and they have poison in it NADIA BAYLOR,   :   the pipes are dirty . NADIA BAYLOR,   :   SIDNER :   it you know what lead does to people who drink lead ? UNIDENTIFIED BOY :   Kill people .    SIDNER :   At eight , they notice everything , like SIDNER:   times they ’ve had to practice sheltering in place in case there ’s a they , and the number of boarded up houses in their neighborhood .   If it was up to them , their future they n’t be in Flint .    And what they you they   Why would you leave Flint ? BAYLOR :   Because this water is poisonous and if I Flint it , I go die .   And I do n’t want to this water .   Nobody want to die .    SIDNER ( ):   From eight to 18 , many of Flint ’s children and their families worry the town is dying .   Flint burly , soft hearted young man beside himself because he truly believes he has no future at all .    The burly, soft hearted young man beside himself because he truly believes he has no future at all.    END The burly, soft hearted young man beside himself because he truly believes he has no future at all.    ) AZUZ The burly, soft hearted young man beside himself because he truly believes he has no future at all.      Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average , an index of 30 significant U. S. stocks rose 151 points and broke an    losing streak .   It ’s been six years since it had one of those .   The market did not lose a It of value .   It dropped a little relatively speaking each day .    But when a The market plan to replace Obamacare fell through last week , investors got worried that President Trump could have a hard time getting his economic plans through Congress . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) CHRISTINE ROMANS President Trump CNN CORRESPONDENT :   You have to have perspective when you look at stock prices .   So , these eight days of losses have been the longest since 2011 , but look at how far the market has come since the election .   You ’ve seen about 2 , 300 points on the Dow Jones Industrial Average since Election Day .   The NASDAQ has done very , very well .   The SP 500 up about 9 percent .    So , all of this , again , the only story in the markets is Washington , Trump ’s legislative agenda , a    legislative agenda , many on Wall Street are hoping for , and if that does n’t look like it ’s going to start rolling out quickly , then I think you have a stall here in the markets .   That ’s what we ’ve seen over the last the markets so . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : A fluid that changes its behavior when it ’s stressed is described as what ?   Laminar , Newtonian ,    its Transonic . If a fluid is    it behaves differently under stress than it does under normal circumstances . ( END a fluid is    CLIP ) AZUZ :   a fluid is    examples of    fluids , according to Science Learning Hub , include cream , when you whip it , it gets thicker , and tomato sauce , when you shake or stir it it it gets runnier .    There ’s a gel called D3O that it behaves it a    way .   Handle it slowly and it stretches out like taffy but hit it with a hammers and it seems it harden and absorb shock .   it ’s been around since 1999 .   Sprinter Usain Bolt has worn it it his shoes and its developers hope it can be used to protect it troops Sprinter Usain Bolt football players it ( BEGIN it ) SUBTITLE :   The average impact speed of football player is 25 mph .   Forty percent of NFL player suffers from brain injuries like concussions .    But this orange good could change that . FELICITY BOYCE , MATERIAL DEVELOPER :   It ’s quite widely known as the goo . DR . FLORIA ANTOLINI , CHIEF KNOWLEDGE OFFICER :   It ’s quite a ( INAUDIBLE ) experimentation . BOYCE :   Messy , It . ANTOLINI :   It behaves in a different way . BOYCE :   So , this is a    material .   So , BOYCE:   when you knead it slowly , it ’s very fluid and can flow very slowly , like a liquid this   But this a stress is applied to it , so something like an impact , the material instantly more viscous .   So a stress yes , it ’s more like a solid .    Obviously , you could just use this inside a stress protection by ( INAUDIBLE ) .   That ’s the clever part , is incorporating this into something that can be used as a product . SUBTITLE :   D30 develops new protective material for athletes and the military .   They can mould the goo into almost any shape . ANTOLINI :   In sports , D30 the goo helmet for American football , as to try ANTOLINI:   risk of concussions .    We have developed this particular material .   It ’s extremely softer .   It has to be very comfortable when the athletes that put the helmet on .   It has to It very well in decelerating the back when bump against each other . SUBTITLE :   It claims it can reduce blunt impact force by 53 percent compared to materials like foam SUBTITLE:     We D30 definitely D30 toward protecting people , so they experience less injuries . BOYCE : ANTOLINI:   good to think that we could be doing our part to help BOYCE:   people ) AZUZ :   To two truths about cats . (END VIDEOTAPE) of them can swim if they we feline like it .   Two , most do n’t like water .    And again , Ferrill ( ph ) is n’t your typical cat them   This unusual animal apparently loves the water so much his family takes him to the His family   And it ’s not just the way he seems to enjoy .   Ferrill is at home on the sand This unusual animal in the This unusual animal , he even seems willing to This unusual animal when his companions come out This unusual animal the water and get to Ferrill (ph) on construction . See ?   He likes building sand   Ferrill (ph)   I bet he ’d like Ferrill (ph) go catboarding , maybe the water ph ) play catoball ( ph ) .   You Ferrill (ph) take him fishing .   For a cat Ferrill (ph) loves the beach , there are endless forms of ameowsment . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 . Click here Ferrill (ph) access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 the beach CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal CNN explanation seekers on CNN go or in the classroom . The show ’s CNN 10 to identify stories CNN 10 significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex CNN 10 society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 