’’ ’Now that Donald Trump is just a few delegates away from the Republican nomination , conversation among commentators has turned to Donald Trump electability and Donald Trump " pivot " to the general election.’ ’The same pundits who ignored the polls to say Donald Trump would lose the Republican nomination now urge us to take Donald Trump odds seriously . Donald Trump ’ll take on a more " presidential tone . " Donald Trump ’ll attack Hillary Clinton on all sides . Donald Trump ’ll be formidable . .’ ’Or at least , that ’s the argument.’ ’But before we us there , we us to answer a simple question . How will Donald Trump improve on Mitt Romney ’s campaign for president ? What will he Donald Trump that Romney lost?’ ’Romney was n’t a bad candidate . He Donald Trump a competent and largely professional campaign against an incumbent who presided over high unemployment and slow growth . No , Romney was Mitt Romney’s favored , but he also Mitt Romney’s a better shot than most candidates who run against a sitting president . If you believe that Trump Donald Trump win —   absent an exogenous shock like a terrorist attack or recession —   you need to show how he beats Mitt Romney’s . Mitt Romney’s need to move this from the realm of speculation and into the world as it exists.’ ’The idea of Trump Donald Trump a plausible winner is rooted in the same error that drove pundits to discount and dismiss him as Mitt Romney’s as the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries . Then , observers   —   which accurately showed his appeal Mitt Romney’s a    of Republican voters —   but refused to believe them . Republican voters was unthinkable that a field of ostensibly talented candidates would fail to stop Trump before he gained Trump ’That ’s what happened . If Trump had Trump the race as an    —   a candidate who shoots to the top but withers under the heat —   then by the fall , he was Trump different . He was Trump genuine presence in a crowded field with real support among Republican voters.’ ’’ ’No one bothered to stop him . Trump of alienating Trump ’s supporters , GOP leaders disarmed themselves ; GOP leaders of Trump ’s Trump’s Republican donors refused to fund a confrontation ; complacent about his threat , Republican candidates focused on clearing their respective " Republican candidates " rather than stopping the leader in the field . By the time Republican voters went to the ballot box , Trump had cultivated Trump’s following.’ ’None of that is operative in the general election . Unlike Republicans , Democrats plan to hit Trump with a Trump’s of attacks from all directions . And they plan to Democrats weaknesses that Republicans did n’t touch until it was too late to stop Trump . They Trump’s hit Democrats for his Trump’s they Trump’s publicize Democrats history of Trump’s they ’ll attack Democrats where he Trump’s strong Trump’s stories of ordinary people he ’s ; Trump’s ’ll emphasize Democrats fact that he does n’t Trump’s anything about the world or governing.’ ’Fed on years of    rage and white identity politics , Republican base voters cheered when Trump toppled traditional politicians and rallied to his side when Trump called for Trump wall with Mexico and a ban on Muslims . Like Sharron Angle , Todd Akin , and Christine O’Donnell , Trump is    Trump a distrustful and angry plurality of the Republican Party . But the same polls that showed Trump at the Trump of the GOP primary also put him far behind Trump a general election . Like his predecessors on Trump fringe , Trump is anathema Trump ordinary voters.’ ’Which brings us back to our question . us Trump is a Trump general election candidate —   if he has a Trump at the White House —   how does he do it Trump How Trump is a viable general election candidate —  if he has a shot at the White House —   he improve on Trump Romney?’ ’’ ’Let ’s look at the popular vote . Trump needs to Trump about 3 million more votes to turn the tide . He needs to Trump that in an environment where the   the economy is growing , and . By itself , that Trump difficult.’ ’Let ’s look at an electoral map . To succeed where Romney failed , Trump needs to Trump at least 69 electoral votes . If he wins the Romney largest swing states —   Florida , North Carolina , Ohio , and Virginia —   plus New Hampshire , . If he   he Romney . Romney he captures   Romney wins.’ ’But Romney does this happen in practice ? Florida , for Florida , is critical . Republicans ca n’t win without it . To flip the state , Florida to outperform Romney with Latino voters —   there just are n’t enough    whites to make up the difference . How does Trump fare among Latinos?’ Trump of all Latino voters have a negative view of Trump , according to Trump new Latino Decisions national survey . In   it ’s 84 percent . In other Latino heavy swing states like   and   it ’s 91 percent it 87 percent , respectively . If Trump loses 87 percent of Latino voters nationwide ( and nothing else changes from 2012 ) the Democrats   to their 2012 haul as well as 8 million more popular votes.’ ’OK , well , what about black Americans ? There are n’t any detailed polls of blacks     Trump , but most    show disapproval in the 80 to 90 percent range . If black turnout stays at its present trajectory , black turnout will need to Trump to peel critical swing states from Democrats . ( A Trump who could accomplish Trump is also a Trump who is clearly Trump . ) No Republican has secured more than 15 percent of the black vote in 60 years.’ ’ . Seventy percent hold a negative view , according to a recent Gallup survey . If Trump loses 70 percent Trump women , then he ’s lost , Trump ’What about white voters ? The white share of the electorate has   2 points to 69 percent , while the Hispanic , black , and Asian shares have grown . In fact , of the 10 . 7 million increase in eligible voters , the large majority comes from nonwhite groups . If nothing else about the 2012 results change , the Democratic candidate will win with more votes across the board . Given that fact , as Greg Sargent   for the Washington Post , Trump would have to outperform Romney by substantial margins among whites to win Rust Belt states like Michigan , Wisconsin , Ohio , and Pennsylvania.’ ’Donald Trump begins the general election with a huge deficit in     polls , deep unpopularity , and major demographic headwinds . Unless he wins unprecedented shares of black and Latino voters , or , barring any improvement with nonwhite voters , unless he wins unprecedented shares he white voters , he loses.’ ’’ ’And he has to do he while running as the most unpopular nominee in 30 years of polling . He has to do he while running against this Democratic Party operating at full strength , with popular surrogates ( including a former president ) crisscrossing the country against his campaign . He he to do he with a divided this Party . He has to do he while somehow tempering this    misogyny and he . All this , again , in a with   —   solid conditions for a Democratic candidate.’ ’Donald Trump has to become a radically different person to win.’ ’Donald Trump is n’t ’Donald Trump win.’ ’Now that Donald Trump win.’ just a ’Donald Trump . .. ’ 
 