  ( CNN ) When House Republicans secured House Republicans 216th " yes " on the American Health Care Act Thursday , Democrats immediately began taunting Democrats rivals . " Na Na Na Na , Hey Hey Hey , Goodbye , " Democrats sang at Republicans . A few Democrats even waved goodbye Goodbye The implication was obvious : Democrats believed many Republicans had just cost themselves many Republicans many Republicans careers by voting for an overhaul of Obamacare . And the DC political class wonders why people hate them people I understand that Democrats not only did n’t like the way this bill was passed     without any estimates on what it this bill cost or how many people might lose coverage as a result     but also believed the policies contained in it this bill leave the country and its this bill considerably worse off . That is a worthy conversation to have . But , that ’s not what Democrats were doing .   Instead , they Democrats jeering and mocking their Democrats . Look . We have two parties in this country for a reason . Democrats and Republicans do n’t always disagree on the problems the this country but do almost always disagree on how to solve them . Democrats and Republicans those differences is the stuff of democracy .   Giving the public the chance , every two years , to render their judgment the public who has more of the right in the argument is the backbone of our political system . Poll after poll suggests that one thing both sides broadly agree on is that they prefer both sides compromise to     .   When House Democrats act like they did House Democrats     or President Trump acts like he does President Trump every day     we get further and further from even the possibility of finding common ground or even just talking to each other like human beings .   It also convinces people not in Washington or not involved in politics that the people who are representing them in people have no real idea what they care the people who are representing them in DC or value . That ’s a very bad thing for the    health of our democracy . 
 