  ( CNN ) Editor ’s Note : The full interview with Vice President Joe Biden is scheduled to air on CNN ’s " New Day " Tuesday morning . Vice President Joe Biden says Hillary Clinton knows many Americans do n’t trust her     " Hillary Clinton she ’s trying Hillary Clinton figure out how to remedy it . "   " My advice to her : The Hillary Clinton way to remedy it is , it about what you care about and talk about it with some it . And people will see through it , " it told CNN Vice President Joe Biden Jeff Zeleny in an interview Monday in Pittsburgh . Biden was in Vice President Joe Biden Pennsylvania as part of a campaign swing with Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine . The full Biden interview is Vice President Joe Biden to air on CNN ’s " CNN Day " Tuesday morning . Biden ’s comments Vice President Joe Biden nine weeks from the 2016 general election , come as polls show Donald Trump making up some of the ground he ’d lost to Donald Trump in early August .   For Clinton , under constant Clinton over her use of a Clinton email server as secretary of state and facing questions over whether Clinton Foundation donors had improper access to her State Department , Clinton have shown trustworthiness is her most significant weakness Clinton Almost    of Americans saying they do n’t see her as honest and Clinton , according to surveys . Biden     who himself passed on a Biden     White House bid     said it ’ll be a challenge for any candidate to deliver a message that breaks through the attacks and criticism Clinton and Trump are launching at each other .   " This is going to be the most negative campaign in the history of modern politics , I think , " Biden said .   Biden    who himself passed on a 2016 White House bid     And so my question is , is anybody going to be able to break through what is just a     you know , sort of the notion of , a pox on both your houses ? " he said . " Biden    who himself passed on a 2016 White House bid     that ’s why you hear her talking more about explicitly what it is she ’s going to her , how she ’s going to her things . " 
 