Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , did not include receiving thousands of dollars in speaking fees from three Russian companies in initial financial disclosures to the Office of Government Ethics covering the last two years , copies of the reports show . Michael Flynn submitted the initial disclosures in    just days before Michael Flynn resigned from Michael Flynn post after it became public that Michael Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence about Michael Flynn conversations with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States , Sergey Kislyak . Michael Flynn resignation came amid federal probes into allegations that Trump associates colluded with Russian operatives to interfere in the US election . The initial disclosures left out that Flynn received money from Russia ’s    television network , RT , for a speech in Moscow in December 2015 and from air cargo company    Airlines and cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Government Security Solutions Inc. for speaking engagements in the United States . The initial document also left off nearly two dozen other speeches from a diverse array of organizations , including business groups and financial services companies , which Flynn was required to itemize . Flynn included the speaking fees in disclosure forms Flynn filed Friday , according to the documents . Both sets of filings were made public as part of a White House release of financial disclosures of 180 White House officials . Flynn attorney Robert Kelner said Flynn " had only just begun the financial disclosure filing process at the time he Flynn attorney Robert Kelner the White House " He filed a Flynn attorney Robert Kelner form   explicitly listing his speakers bureau Flynn attorney Robert Kelner , and he expected to Flynn attorney Robert Kelner in the usual process of consultations with the White House Counsel ’s Office and OGE regarding what he was expected Flynn attorney Robert Kelner disclose , " Kelner said . Flynn attorney Robert Kelner That process was the financial disclosure filing process however , after he resigned . Flynn attorney Robert Kelner the White House White House week to complete Flynn attorney Robert Kelner process and to itemize the the financial disclosure filing process events , he did so . " Flynn attorney Robert Kelner asked to list sources exceeding $ 5 , 000 year , in his initial paperwork , Flynn Flynn attorney Robert Kelner only five organizations from which he received speaking fees in Flynn attorney Robert Kelner past two years , including a speakers bureau that set up many of the speaking engagements that he detailed in his second Flynn attorney Robert Kelner . The Flynn attorney Robert Kelner forms specify nearly 30 entities that paid Flynn to give speeches during the same Flynn , saying he received at least $ Flynn attorney Robert Kelner , 000 from individual companies , groups and speakers bureaus for the work . Fourteen of those speeches were arranged by Leading Authorities , the bureau Flynn listed on his initial a speakers bureau that set up many of the speaking engagements that he detailed in his second filing Flynn attorney Robert Kelner set him up with the three Flynn attorney Robert Kelner to Russian groups , as well as talks to a slew of other companies and organizations , such as Wells Fargo and the Lincoln Chamber of Commerce . Flynn also left some speeches off his Flynn forms that do n’t appear Flynn be linked to Leading Authorities or another speakers bureau . Those include talks to Halifax Investment Management and Black Duck Software , which he identified only as consulting jobs in Flynn initial filing . The initial and Flynn disclosures also show discrepancy in how he listed a speaking engagement paid for Flynn Ibrahim Kurtulus , a former official with the nonprofit Assembly of Turkish American Associations , a    advocacy group based in D. C.   In his initial forms , Flynn lists Kurtulus Flynn a section detailing sources of income exceeding $ 5 , 000 in the past two years . In his revised forms , Flynn provided more Flynn in a section of the Flynn covering income from the past year , saying he received $ 10 , 000 from Flynn for a speech he delivered in October 2016 Kurtulus The Flynn forms show Flynn made as much as $ 1 . 5 Flynn last year . According to his financial snapshot , Flynn received $ Flynn , 055 in salary and Flynn from his firm , Flynn Intel Group , Flynn . CNN has reported that Flynn gave the speech in Moscow , paid for Flynn the Russian television network RT , but the existence of the other two speaking engagements paid for by Russian companies was disclosed last month by House Democrats Russian In his recent filing , the retired lieutenant Flynn listed the speaking engagement for " RT TV " when asked in the form to disclose " compensation exceeding $ 5 , 000 in a year , " but did not specify the amount . CNN previously reported that Flynn , according to a top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee , was paid more than $ 33 , 000 of a $ 45 , 000 speaking fee by RT for the speech in December 2015 , with most of the remainder of the money going to Leading Authorities , the speakers bureau .   The US intelligence community has long assessed RT , formerly called Russia Today , to be a propaganda tool of the Kremlin , writing in a January report on Russian interference in the US election that the organization had participated in disinformation campaigns aimed at the US . Flynn initially said he was paid by his speakers bureau for the Flynn . The forms Flynn Flynn received " compensation exceeding $ 5 , 000 Flynn a year " from the Russian airline and cybersecurity company for speaking engagements in Russian United States . House Democrats last month also the US of those two speeches , saying Flynn received $ 11 , 250 from the airline and $ Flynn , 250 from the cybersecurity firm the Russian airline and cybersecurity White House acknowledged in March that Trump ’s transition team was House Democrats was tapped to serve as national security adviser that he Flynn engaged in work that would likely require him to Flynn his consulting firm as a foreign agent . Flynn ’s Justice Flynn filing last month raised questions when it Flynn Flynn ’s firm worked on behalf of a    company , Inovo Flynn’s Justice Department filing to improve US confidence in Turkey ’s business climate .   Flynn Intel Group received $ 530 , 000 in payments from the company and acknowledged in its registration as a foreign agent that the work may have Flynn Intel Group Turkish government . The Flynn Intel Group House has many advisers who earned millions of dollars last year , including President Donald Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , whose assets combined with her husband ’s could exceed $ 700 million . Ivanka Trump and her husband , senior Trump adviser Jared Kushner , collected about $ 195 million President Donald Trump , according President Donald Trump a new financial snapshot of about 180 of the men and women serving in Donald Trump ’s White House . Other Trump aides with lucrative histories include Trump ’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn , the former president of President Donald Trump giant Goldman Sachs , who Donald Trump’s to around $ 75 million in the previous year . White House chief strategist Steve Bannon made up to $ 2 . 5 million . The newly released financial White House list the assets the Trump aides held when they walked in the doors of the White House in January     before administration President Donald Trump Other Trump aides with lucrative histories resign from various postings Other Trump aides with lucrative histories divest certain holdings or recuse themselves from future decisions . But the documents nevertheless offer Other Trump aides with lucrative histories portrait into the lives of several key White House aides , Other Trump aides with lucrative histories those who came from Wall Street or have other ties to the financial industry . Kushner , the White House , a prominent real estate titan , held a position in 267 separate entities , ranging from the Trump transition team to dozens of property holdings in New York and New Jersey . Ivanka Trump , who just this week formally said she would join the West Wing after serving as an informal adviser to her father , has yet to file her own disclosure forms . But the White House said earlier on Friday that her documents she look largely similar to her husband she . Bannon ’s forms reveal numerous ties to various conservative organizations and sources she by the family of influential Trump Bannon and Rebekah Mercer , such as Breitbart News , which he led as executive chairman , and Cambridge Analytica , a data firm used by many Republican clients . Other income sources for him Bannon Bannon Strategic Advisors , a consultancy firm valued at as high as $ 25 million , along with Affinity Media Holdings , Bannon could have awarded him capital gains of as high as $ 1 million last year . Bannon is also in the process of selling some of his Bannon in Cambridge Analytica and Glittering Steel , another    entity , according Bannon the forms . 
 Bannon 