Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has pulled clearly ahead in Pennsylvania and holds a slight lead over Donald Trump in Ohio , but the two are in a tight race in the crucial battleground of Florida , according to new Quinnipiac University polls of likely voters in the key swing states show . The results show the challenge facing Trump , who must compete in all three states to claim the 270 electoral votes he needs to defeat Clinton .   According to new Quinnipiac University polls of likely voters in the key swing states , in Florida Clinton Clinton at 46 % to Trump ’s 45 % . She Florida Clinton 49 % to 45 % in Ohio and 52 % to 42 % in Pennsylvania .   It ’s the first time the polling outfit has surveyed likely voters     rather than registered voters or all Americans     in the 2016 election cycle , so the results ca n’t be compared to previous Quinnipiac surveys .   With Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein added to the race , the equation does n’t change much .   Florida is tied , with Clinton and Trump each at 43 % Johnson receiving 7 % support and Stein at 3 % . In Ohio , Clinton Clinton 44 % to Trump Trump % with Johnson at Johnson % and Stein at Stein % . And in Pennsylvania , Clinton Clinton Trump 48 Trump to 39 % with 7 % going to Johnson and Johnson % to Stein . Stein The pollsters said both Clinton Clinton Trump supporters Trump motivated by their negative Clinton and Trump supporters for the opposing party ’s candidates .   " It is not that her Clinton are in love with Secretary Clinton     they just her voters her Clinton than they disdain her voters . Trump fact , among Clinton voters Secretary Clinton     all three states more than     say their opposition Clinton voters in all three states more than     Trump , Trump than their liking Clinton voters in all three states more than     her Clinton is the main reason for their vote Clinton voters in all three states more than     " said Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll , in a statement accompanying the results .   " Among Trump voters Trump dislike of Secretary Clinton is even a larger factor in their choice Trump voters Among Trump voters Trump well over half say they back Trump voters because Trump dislike Trump voters , " Brown said .   The results in Pennsylvania and Ohio largely match other recent polling in the two Rust Belt states . In Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania recent Suffolk University poll had Clinton ahead by 9 points , and a Franklin and Marshall poll showed her leading Clinton 11 points in the Keystone State .   But Florida diverges from other recent poling . Both Suffolk Suffolk University poll and an    Street      survey had her up by Clinton margins .   The polls were all conducted July    7 . The Florida poll included Florida , 056 likely voters and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . The Ohio poll of 812 likely voters includes a margin of error of plus or minus 3 . 4 points . And the Pennsylvania survey of 815 likely voters has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 . 4 points . 
 