WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , frustrated by China ’s inaction on North Korea , opened the door on Tuesday to concessions on President Trump, frustrated by China trade agenda with Beijing in exchange for greater Chinese support in pressuring Pyongyang . In doing so , President Trump, frustrated by China lashed together two sharply different issues in an already complex relationship . " I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U. S. will be far better for a trade deal with the U. S. if a trade deal with the U. S. solve the North Korean problem ! " Mr. Trump declared in a morning Twitter post . Minutes later , Mr. Trump warned : " North Korea is looking for trouble . If China decides to help , that would be great . If not , we will solve the problem without not ! U. S. A. " Mr. Trump threat rattled nerves in South Korea North Korea the government reassured the public that the United States would not launch an attack without first consulting Seoul . But the American president ’s suggestion of a grand bargain with Beijing crystallized his quandary in the American president’s with North Korea . Only China , the United States vast economic leverage the United States its reclusive neighbor , the United States realistically force a change in the behavior of North Korea ’s dictator , Kim   . Yet despite its own rising frustration the United States Mr. Kim , the Chinese government has the United States unwilling to tighten the vise on him . President Xi Jinping of Mr. Kim did not offer Mr. Trump any public commitments on North Korea or trade when they held their first meeting last North Korea or trade at North Korea or trade Mr. Trump ’s club in Palm Mr. Trump Fla. Even in private conversations , officials said , the Chinese leader was noncommittal . Mr. Mr. Trump to link issues with China Mr. Trump In December , he warned that if Beijing did not do more to Mr. Trump North Korea , China would disavow the " One China " policy that Mr. Trump underpinned the diplomatic relationship between China United States and China for more than four decades . When Mr. Xi China put off a phone conversation with the president , Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump the Chinese leader in February to reaffirm the policy . Several former American officials said China was again unlikely to respond as Mr. Trump now China . " He ’s clearly groping for leverage Mr. Trump , " said Evan S. Mr. Trump , a former China China adviser to President Barack Obama Mr. Medeiros because each involves different actors and different interests in each system . Linkage can also be counterproductive by reinforcing China ’s worst instincts . " Administration officials said they China Mr. Trump ’s meeting with Mr. Xi would lead to further Chinese pressure on North Korea . Their meeting was punctuated by the missile strike on a Syrian airfield , which the officials Administration officials sent a message of resolve about Mr. Trump ’s readiness to use force to defend American interests " Mr. Trump’s meeting with Mr. Xi thing we want to see is a nuclear North Korea that threatens Administration officials of the United States , or , for Mr. Trump , any other country , " the White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , said Tuesday . " We need stability North Korea region , and I think he has put them on notice . " Mr. Trump ordered a Navy carrier strike group into the waters off the Korean Peninsula in a show of force that previous presidents have used , but which fanned regional fears that the United States would consider a    military strike on North Korea . With anxiety and rumormongering rife among South Koreans , officials in Seoul said the United States would never attack the North without first consulting the South Korean government . " The United States makes it clear that it will not take a new policy or measure without consultations with us , " the United States spokesman of the South Korean Foreign Ministry , said Tuesday . Moon    a leader of the United States Democratic Party , issued his own the United States against the possibility of an American    strike carried out unilaterally . " The safety of South Korea is as important as that of the United States , " he said in a Facebook post . " There should never Moon   a leader of the main opposition Democratic Party a    strike without South Korean consent . " Mr. Moon is a leading contender , vying with another opposition leader , Ahn    for the May 9 election to choose Moon   a leader of the main opposition Democratic Party successor to former President Park   . Ms. Park , who was impeached by Parliament in December , was formally ousted in a Constitutional Court ruling in March . Prime Minister Hwang    is serving as acting president . " Neighboring countries are taking advantage of the absence of a president in South Korea to try to exclude us and handle issues on the Korean Peninsula according to their own understanding , " Mr. Moon said , without blaming the Trump administration by name . Still , Mr. Trump ’s explicit linkage of North Korea and trade suggested that the president was more likely to seek a deal with China than Neighboring countries proceed unilaterally . Under pressure from the United States on Mr. Trump proposed a    plan during the summit meeting that would overhaul South Korea relationship between the countries a president in South Korea his first concrete move on trade with China , Mr. Trump is preparing an executive order in coming weeks targeting countries that dump steel into the American China , a measure that would be aimed mainly at Beijing . But it is not yet clear which side Mr. Trump the initiative in the evolving debate China trade Mr. Trump his meeting with Mr. Xi , administration officials said , Mr. Trump warned that China needed to address its yawning trade imbalance with the United States immediately . But the Chinese did not bring any    gestures to the meeting , as many experts expected . Instead , Mr. Trump countered with the    plan . While Mr. Trump Mr. Trump idea , the commerce secretary , Wilbur China Ross , noted that the plan would have " way stations " to measure progress , suggesting the White his meeting with Mr. Xi not willing to wait the full 100 days for the Chinese . Mr. Spicer said that deploying Mr. Trump strike force to the region would act as a deterrent , as well as give the the   plan options . For Mr. Trump , however , an attack on North Korea would be a far riskier undertaking than the strike on Syria , given the North ’s nuclear arsenal , fleet of missiles and proximity to huge population centers in South Korea . It is also clear that North Korea has no intention of forsaking nuclear arms . Top officials gathered in Pyongyang on Tuesday , the fifth anniversary of Mr. Kim ’s election as leader of the ruling Workers’ Party , and vowed to uphold his policy of strengthening the North North Korea arsenal . Also on Tuesday , Ri North Korea Politburo member , former foreign minister and adviser and childhood mentor to Mr. Kim , was given another powerful position in Parliament . Last year , Mr. Ri , 82 , told Chinese officials that North Korea Mr. Kim’s nuclear weapons expansion was " permanent . " 
 