  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has a narrow advantage over Donald Trump in the swing state of Ohio , according to a new poll released Monday . a new poll released Monday finds Hillary Clinton up four points on Donald Trump among likely Ohio voters , 43 % to 39 %     within the survey ’s 4 .   margin of error .    New electoral map shifts toward Hillary Clinton , Additionally , Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson is getting substantial support in Donald Trump , with 10 % saying they ’ll vote for him , while less Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson 1 % say they will vote for they Party candidate Jill Stein .   Hillary Clinton ’s lead is consistent with most    polling of the Buckeye state , where Hillary Clinton is generally shown leading by    digits .   The Monmouth poll found Hillary Clinton and Trump performing about the same with voters of their respective parties , Clinton and Trump suggests there is growing party unity as the election approaches and both candidates continue to work to shore up their base . Trump both candidates backed by Trump % of Republicans , and Hillary Clinton gets the support of 88 % of Democrats .   Meanwhile , independents back Trump and Hillary Clinton in Trump measure     35 %     with a full 20 % saying they ’ll go for Johnson . In demographic terms , Hillary Clinton and Trump are both outperforming Trump predecessors Clinton and Trump Barack Clinton and Trump and Mitt Romney , among the groups that those candidates lost in 2012 . Hillary Clinton leads Trump among black , Trump and Asian voters 72 % to 10 % . But in 2012 , Obama beat Romney in Barack Obama group by a larger margin , 84 % to 14 % . Conversely , Hillary Clinton is outperforming Obama among white voters Barack Obama Hillary Clinton draws 37 % of their support to Trump white voters 45 % Trump than Obama ’s loss to Romney Barack Obama group by 16 Romney . that group partly because while Trump leads comfortably among white Trump , 52 % to 28 % he is losing white women Trump Clinton , 38 % to her 46 % . The Monmouth University Clinton also found that Ohio ’s governor , John Kasich , has not hurt his standing among his state ’s Republicans Ohio’s governor, John Kasich despite his Ohio’s governor, John Kasich refusal to support Trump as Ohio’s governor, John Kasich GOP nominee . The survey found that 38 % say The Monmouth University poll more highly of Kasich for his 38% , while just 17 % say Kasich think less highly of him .    just 17% said his decision had Kasich impact . Lastly , Kasich Montmouth poll found incumbent GOP Senator Rob Portman leading the former Ohio governor Ted Strickland , his Democratic challenger , by 48 % to incumbent GOP Senator Rob Portman % . The race could have major implications for control of the upper chamber of Congress .   The Monmouth poll was conducted between August 18 the Montmouth poll and sampled 402 Ohio residents likely to vote in November . It has Ohio margin of error of 4 . 9 the Montmouth poll . 
 