" A picture of a Donald Trump supporter who is giving what appears to be the   outside of Trump ’s   in Chicago has gone viral , but there has been some confusion about the context of that photo . " ’"The Republican Party needs to be broken up , " Peterson told The Times , " and I believe Donald Trump is the one to do it . " ’ ’Trump   because of protests in and around the event that got out of hand . Peterson says that as Peterson was leaving the venue , Peterson found Peterson surrounded by protesters who reportedly yelled at Peterson and other rally attendees.’ ’Peterson says one of the protesters held a sign that suggested a comparison between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler.’ ’Peterson apparently took offense to that comparison.’ ’"They said Donald Trump is a second Hitler , " Peterson told The Times , " I said do you know what that sign stands for ? " Peterson accused the protesters of not knowing " who Hitler really was . " Then Peterson demonstrated the Nazi salute.’ ’Peterson was born in West Berlin in 1946 , according to The Times . Peterson became a US citizen in 1982 . " Absolutely , I’’m not a Nazi , no . I’’m I’’m one of those , " Peterson said , after Peterson photo traveled all over the world , causing many to respond with disgust.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tTrump cancels Chicago rally amid security concerns     photo by    ’ ’The man seen in the photo with Peterson Peterson Michael Joseph Garza , who says he ’The man seen in the photo with Peterson trying to guide Peterson Peterson other Trump supporters through the crowd Friday night.’ ’On his ’The man seen in the photo with Peterson , Garza : ’ ’I walk right up to her and say " Ma’’am we have listened to you her We we this is all a little wild but we we cleared a path for you to leave * my right hand was constantly swinging in motion , showing her her path out we we for her her as shown in the photo*"’ ’She goes , and I quote " Go ? Back in my day , you know what we we " ’ " Bam . Hail ’s Hitler . " " People from Trump ’s camp , including his son , Donald , Jr. had earlier accused Peterson of being a Bernie Sanders supporter posing as a Trump Trump , . " ’A picture of a Donald Trump supporter who is . .. ’ 
 