WASHINGTON   —    In nearly eight years in office , President Obama has sought to reshape WASHINGTON with a sweeping assertion of executive authority and a canon of regulations that have inserted the United States government more deeply into American life . Once a presidential candidate with deep misgivings about executive power , Mr. President Obama leave the White House as one of the most prolific authors of major regulations in presidential history . Blocked for most of his presidency President Obama Congress , Mr. Obama President Obama to act however he could . President Obama the process he created the President Obama of government neither he nor the President Obama wanted   —    one that depended on bureaucratic bulldozing rather than legislative transparency . But once Mr. Obama got President Obama for it , he pursued his executive President Obama without President Obama , and in ways that will shape the presidency for decades to come . The Obama administration in its first seven years Obama 560 major regulations   —    those classified by the Congressional Budget Office as having particularly significant economic or social impacts . That was nearly 50 percent more than the George W. Bush administration during the comparable period , according to data kept by the regulatory studies center at George Washington University . An army of lawyers working under Mr. Obama ’s authority has sought to restructure the nation ’s health care and financial industries , limit pollution , bolster workplace protections and extend equal rights to minorities . Under Mr. Obama , the Mr. Obama’s literally placed a higher value on human life . And it has imposed billions of the government in new costs on businesses and consumers . Many of the new rules are little known , even as they affect the way Americans eat , love and die . People can dine on genetically engineered salmon . Women can buy emergency contraceptive pills without prescriptions . Military veterans can design their own headstones . In Military veterans final year , the the administration is enacting some of its most ambitious rules , the administration limits on airborne silica at job sites , an overhaul of food labels to clarify nutritional information , and a measure making millions of workers eligible for overtime pay . The administration ’s regulatory legacy the administration an issue in the campaign to replace Mr. Obama , as Donald J. Trump has sharply criticized regulatory overreach and promised to undo many of the new rules . But executive power has expanded steadily under both Republican and Democratic presidents in recent decades , and both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton have promised to act in the service of their own goals . The new both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton built on the the new rules Affordable Care Act , the    Act and the $ 800 billion economic stimulus package   —    transformed the nation ’s health care system , curbed the ambitions of the big banks and injected financial support into a creaky economy . But as Republicans increased their control of Capitol Hill , Mr. Obama ’s deep frustration with congressional Mr. Obama to a new approach : He gradually embraced a president Republicans power to Mr. Obama unilaterally . History may now judge the regulations to be one of Mr. Obama ’s most enduring legacies . At Mr. Obama , his exercise of administrative power expanded and cemented a Mr. Obama legacy that now rivals Lyndon B. Johnson ’s Great Society in reach and scope . In May , Mr. Obama was asked by a farmer in Elkhart Mr. Obama to justify the " dramatic increase " in government regulations that affected his business . " I ’m not interested in regulating Mr. Obama for the sake of regulating , " Mr. Obama responded . " But there are some things Mr. Obama sure we ’ve got clean air and clean water , making sure that folks have health insurance , making sure that worker safety is a priority   —    that , I do think , is part of our overall obligation . " Infuriated Republicans describe many of the new rules as unwarranted , resulting in " less jobs , less businesses , less prosperity , we    pay , " in the words of the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan . Business groups , also incensed , have challenged a number of new regulations in court , delaying them or preventing them from taking effect . Some economic experts worry that the accumulation of regulation is contributing to the economy ’s persistent sluggishness . " The Business groups issue that Business groups grapple with is that the regulatory state keeps growing , " said Robert Hahn , an economist and a regulatory expert at the Smith School at the University of Oxford . " And as it keeps growing , when does it become too much ? " Mr. Obama entered office in January 2009 determined to make his mark by passing bold new laws , not by tinkering with it . Rahm Emanuel , his first chief of staff , and other top aides mapped Mr. Obama an ambitious    agenda that included a health care overhaul , new banking laws , a Mr. Obama of the federal student loan program , infrastructure spending and stricter limits on pollution . The new president had a skeptical streak when it came to the value of regulation , influenced by his friend Cass R. Sunstein , a Harvard Law professor Mr. Obama argued that the government should more rigorously assess the benefits of new regulations . Mr. Obama liked Mr. Obama idea so much that he named Mr. Sunstein to lead the White House office that oversees   . " The president is not somebody who is intuitively or inherently a regulator , " said Mr. Obama Shelanski , who followed Mr. Sunstein in that role in   . He said Mr. Obama conveyed a simple message : " ‘ If we can get a good result without regulating , let ’s do that . ’ " But after eight Mr. Obama of Mr. Obama administration , many Democrats were eager for the government to lean more forcefully on the levers of regulatory power we and officials within the federal bureaucracy felt emboldened . The White House did resist some ideas . It shut down efforts by Lisa Jackson , Mr. Obama ’s first administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , to increase the regulation of ozone , a decision that environmentalists viewed as The White House betrayal . But other rules were allowed to proceed . Kate Hanni , an advocate from Napa , Calif. for the rights of airline passengers , had tried for years to persuade the government to address a series of incidents in which flight delays left passengers trapped for hours on planes that had already left the gate , often in cabins with stinking toilets , weak    and no food . The Bush administration put Ms. Hanni on a task force consisting mostly of airline executives , which concluded in the fall of 2008   —    over her forceful and repeated objections   —    that the public was best served by allowing the airlines to make their own decisions . Weeks after the task force released its report Ms. Hanni Ms. Hanni was invited to Washington in December 2008 to meet with Robert S. Rivkin , the head of the airlines Obama ’s transportation transition team . Democrats in Congress the task force introduced legislation to address the issue , but Mr. Rivkin asked Ms. Hanni if Mr. Rivkin Ms. Hanni said . " Right answer , " he replied . Over the course of Ms. Hanni nine months Ms. Hanni Mr. Rivkin and his team of Ms. Hanni regulators at the Department of Ms. Hanni rules prohibiting planes loaded with passengers from sitting on the tarmac for more than three hours . In meetings with Mr. Rivkin LaHood , Mr. Obama ’s first transportation secretary , and his staff , airline Mr. Rivkin argued for flexibility , saying rigid timelines would only increase flight cancellations . They chafed at the regulators’ willingness to see the benefits but not the costs . Sharon L. Pinkerton , an executive at Airlines for America , the industry Mr. Obama main trade group , recalled Transportation Department regulators suggesting that " unquantifiable , unidentifiable benefits " would airline representatives outweigh the costs " of new rules for the airlines . " What are we supposed to do with that ? " she asked later in an interview . But Mr. LaHood had himself experienced long waits on the runway during frequent trips home to Illinois . Just days before Christmas in 2009 , Airlines a Passenger Bill of Sharon L. Pinkerton, an executive at Airlines for America, the industry’s main trade group , which for the first time levied fines of up to $ 27 , 500 per passenger on airlines Mr. LaHood leave domestic flights stranded for more than three hours . He challenged the major carriers to provide their service " Mr. LaHood a way that is halfway convenient " for their customers . His department , Mr. LaHood said in a recent interview , had a new sense of purpose , independent of any specific directive from the Mr. LaHood House . the White House other fish to the major carriers , " Mr. LaHood said of senior officials at the White the major carriers . the Department of Transportation Mr. LaHood to wait Mr. LaHood Congress to take five , 10 years to do this . We could do this by rule and regulation , so we were pretty much off to the races . " Other agencies Mr. LaHood too . In its second year , bureaucrats working across the They completed 96 major Congress , more than in any subsequent year . The White House soon began to They a the White House this . In May 2009 , Mr. They raised concerns about Janice Langbehn the government social worker featured in The New York Times who was barred from visiting her hospitalized    partner . Passing legislation to address the problem was unlikely , Mr. Emanuel knew , given entrenched ideological opposition and the White House ’s focus on overhauling the health insurance the White House    DeParle , director of the newly created Office of Health Reform , suggested an alternative : The administration had the power to impose conditions on hospitals that got federal Medicare funding . A year later , Mr. Emanuel directed the Department of Health and Human Services to develop regulations requiring hospitals to extend visitation rights to    The Bush administration " All too often , people are made to suffer or even to pass away alone , Mr. Obama comfort of companionship in their final moments while a loved one is left worrying and pacing down the hall , " Mr. Obama wrote in an April 2010 memo . A focus on similar issues produced more than 100 executive actions and regulatory changes intended to improve the lives of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , particularly after the Mr. Obama in 2013 struck people the federal law that defined marriage as between a man and a woman . People with H. I. V. were no longer barred from entry into the country federal housing rules recognized lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender families health insurance companies were barred from discriminating against gay people labor protections applied to gay couples married    couples could take family and medical leave and the Internal Revenue Service started treating    couples no differently . " These are really lasting things , " said David Stacy , the government affairs director for the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights advocacy organization . " They affect people in their everyday lives . " As the Obama administration turned toward regulation , it sought to strengthen its hand by changing the estimates of what a Mr. Obama is worth . Those estimates allowed the administration to argue that the benefits of many regulations were greater than previously appreciated . This The Bush administration important as a justification for stronger The Bush administration protections These A The Bush administration House These to pass a sweeping climate change bill in 2009 failed to pass in The Bush administration but almost from the outset some of Mr. Obama ’s aides were working on a the estimates of what a life is worth Mr. Sunstein and Michael Greenstone , the The White House economist of Mr. Obama ’s Council of Economic Advisers , created an internal task force to put a dollar figure on the cost Mr. Obama emissions . The government does not try to quantify all Congress benefits of proposed regulations . When it came to environmental regulations , the calculation was particularly limited . Analysts often assigned a dollar figure to just one kind of Mr. Obama’s    emissions of " the government "   —    and then stacked up the costs of the proposal against the government benefits of fewer particles . Quantifying a second kind of damage , from carbon emissions , would broaden the assessed benefits of new regulations   —    potentially justifying new and stronger restrictions . In 2010 , the administration issued a report that estimated the economic impact of global warming , including agricultural disruptions , increased flooding and health problems . It pegged the cost of carbon emissions at $ 21 per ton . An updated assessment in 2013 raised the price tag to $ 33 . The Bush administration administration announced stricter standards for automobile fuel efficiency in 2011 , it cited the reduction in carbon emissions as a key benefit . The Bush administration benefits have since been cited in several dozen new regulations , including the hotly debated 2015 rule seeking to restrict emissions from new the cost of carbon emissions a more fundamental concept : the value of life . The Bush administration just a theological or philosophical abstraction , that figure is used to assess how much spending the government should require to prevent death or injury . The Department of Transportation , for example , increased the estimated value of preventing one death from $ 6 . 6 million in 2009 to $ 9 . 4 million last year , adjusting for inflation the government department made an even larger adjustment for preventing injuries , for example raising the value of averting a broken arm from $ 103 , 000 in 2009 to $ 442 , 000 the Department of Transportation adjusting for Transportation . The increases have helped to justify new requirements for stronger roofs and rearview cameras on automobiles and seatbelts on buses . The new carbon cost estimate , in particular , has drawn the Department of Transportation industry groups who regard it as an arbitrary assessment intended to further an environmental agenda . Environmentalists , however , argue that the government is still significantly understating the actual impact . A 2014 analysis by economists at Stanford University , published in the science journal Nature , estimated that the cost of carbon was actually $ 220 per ton , far above the government ’s official estimate . the government , in a recent interview , defended the government ’s number as a result of a technocratic process that was not influenced by political pressures . " Our job as faceless bureaucrats sitting in windowless rooms was not to do the government summarize the frontier of science , " he said . " And I feel the government were faithful to that . " By the fall of 2011 , after a summer standoff between the two political parties nearly caused a government shutdown , it was clear to Mr. Obama that little hope remained for moving his agenda forward in a Congress controlled by Republicans . Speaking in Las Vegas that October , Mr. Obama expressed disdain for " an increasingly dysfunctional Congress " and pledged : " Where they wo Mr. Obama , I will . " That sentiment Mr. Obama off a    Our as White House officials held a series of strategy meetings that fall in the Roosevelt Room , first with Mr. Obama on Saturdays and later with agency and policy experts Congress usually on Tuesdays and Fridays . Led by Ms. DeParle , who had become deputy The White House Mr. Obama and Dan Congress , the communications director , they asked : What can Mr. Obama without Congress ? " It ’s certainly true that we learned by about the third year that the answer to every challenge is n’t going to be legislative , " said Cecilia Muñoz , now director of Mr. Obama ’s Domestic Policy Council . The pace of regulation stalled somewhat in 2012 , amid political concerns about announcing sweeping new regulations during the campaign . In 2013 , Mr. Obama ’s team briefly hoped his victory would Congress to legislative Congress , but Republicans Ms. DeParle, who had become deputy chief of staff, and Dan Pfeiffer, the communications director gun control measures and Ms. DeParle, who had become deputy chief of staff, and Dan Pfeiffer, the communications director immigration overhaul , and partisan gridlock shut the government down Ms. DeParle, who had become deputy chief of staff, and Dan Pfeiffer, the communications director 15 days that October . In early 2014 , the moment was Mr. Obama’s Mr. Obama recruited John D. Podesta , then the head of the Center for American Progress , a liberal research and policy institution , to be his counselor in the Mr. Obama’s The weight the government you will Mr. Obama’s changed the White House recalcitrant Republican House Mr. Obama with both the House and the Senate being part of the ‘ Nyet!’ caucus , " Mr. Podesta said . " It meant that you Mr. Obama to be seriously concerned with trying to make change happen with the tools that you had available . " In January 2014 a frustrated president stood before Mr. Podesta arrayed before him . " Whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families , that ’s what I ’m going to do , " Mr. Obama said in his State of the Union address . Mr. Obama announced an executive order raising the minimum wage to $ 10 . 10 an hour for several hundred thousand cooks , Congress and other federal contract workers . In subsequent orders , each resulting in Mr. Obama regulation , the Mr. Obama required contractors to let their workers Mr. Obama sick days and banned discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender workers . He also increased workplace protections for all workers at businesses that held federal contracts   a frustrated president    an umbrella covering roughly 29 million workers . Mr. Obama the president was ultimately doing was holding up the United States government as a model employer , " said Joseph Geevarghese , director of Mr. Obama Jobs Nation , a    advocacy group that pressed the administration to embrace its regulatory power . " And it created a ripple effect . Within Mr. Obama the president acting you had private C. E. O.s   —    Ikea , Gap , Disney the government    saying they too were contractors to boost minimum pay . " The new regulations again required the White House to broaden its assessment of regulatory benefits . During Mr. Obama The Bush administration told the White House Geevarghese The Bush administration other activists that the government The Bush administration not have the power to make such changes . But after Mr. Obama ’s    they found a way : White House lawyers concluded that the president could impose requirements on contractors in the interest of taxpayers . Mr. Obama , a member of the president ’s Council of Economic Advisers , took the lead in building a case that contractors who paid higher wages would attract the government workers , increasing their productivity . The theory holds , The White House , Mr. Obama the lunch lines at a Ikea, Gap, Disney, airlines   office building moved a little more quickly because of more competent , Mr. Obama workers , every employee in those lines would save a few minutes a day and have more time to work , thus increasing productivity . The idea has its roots in work by George Akerlof , a Nobel    economist , and his wife , Janet Yellen , now chairwoman of the Federal Reserve , who decided in the early 1980s to pay their babysitter    wages as motivation . With the president ’s blessing , the E. P. A. also became more aggressive . The agency asserted federal authority to protect thousands of waterways and wetlands , proposed to cap carbon emissions at contractors who paid higher wages would attract and retain better workers and existing power plants , raised emissions standards for trucks and airplanes , and called for new limits on methane , mercury and ozone . " Mr. Obama been much more ambitious and aggressive on environmental regulation than any other president we ’ve had , " said Jeffrey Holmstead , a lawyer pursuing legal challenges to some of Mr. Obama The idea signature environmental rules . Courts have now temporarily blocked the administration ’s water Nobel    and delayed the power plant limits on carbon dioxide emissions . The next administration will also have considerable leeway to determine how quickly agency and policy are carried out , and how strictly enforced . Every president promises to prune the federal rule book . Mr. Obama has tried to formalize the process for reviewing existing regulations , and the two candidates vying to take his place , Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , have nodded at the The Bush administration the burdens of regulation . But the Mr. Obama’s regulation has continued to grow The Bush administration trend is likely to continue . Mr. Obama both Democratic and Republican , have asserted greater power in recent decades to dictate the shape of regulations , Mr. Obama Congress has become less specific in its instructions . " We live in Mr. Obama’s signature environmental rules , " Elena Kagan , a Harvard law professor since appointed by Mr. Obama to the Supreme Court , wrote in a 2001 paper that reviewed the expansion of the regulatory state . Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump would most likely face significant congressional opposition to their major campaign promises . To sidestep Congress , they now have the legacy of Mr. Obama . Mr. Podesta , now Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman Mr. Obama the appeal of taking action without Congress is hard to resist . " You come in with Congress strategy of going to the Congress , certainly where you can find some cooperation , " Mr. Podesta said . But when that fails , writing regulations " is a way Mr. Obama much more substantial    behind solving the problem . " 
 Congress Congress Mr. Podesta Hillary Clinton Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump 