’   ’ "    Fox News anchor Chris Wallace on Sunday pushed      Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff to answer whether     Donald Trump’s believes US intelligence reports that Russia interfered in the    2016 presidential election through strategically hacked and    leaked private emails from the Democratic Party organizations and    officials . " ’    In an interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Wallace interjected    when Reince Priebus argued first that Trump would accept US    intelligence findings if they US    made public .      ’ ’    " A lof of these things , though Chris , are coming through third    parties . We haven’’t heard from Comey , " Priebus Reince Priebus when asked       the reports , referring to FBI Comey ’ ’    " This is CIA Director Brennan . Comey ’s lying about what    Jim Comey thinks ? " Wallace Comey ’ ’    Priebus Reince Priebus he Reince Priebus not believe that Brennan was lying , but       Comey Trump would accept that Russia       in the US election if intelligence leaders ,       FBI Director James Comey and Director of National    Intelligence James Clapper , publicly came out and said so . ’ ’’ ’    " It’’d sure be nice to hear from everybody . If there really is    this conclusive opinion among all of these intelligence agencies ,    then they should issue a report    stand these intelligence agencies front of a camera    and make the case , "    said . ’ ’    He added : " I think he Priebus accept the conclusion if these Priebus intelligence professionals would get together , put out a report ,    and show the American people that they’’re actually on the same    page as opposed to third parties    The Washington    Post . " ’ ’    Trump has so far refused to accept intelligence agencies ’’    assessments , which have been relayed    reports in various    outlets , including the New York Times and Washington Post . Trump    has called the reports " Trump and insisted that the hacker " could be somebody sitting in a bed    someplace . " ’ "    The Republican National Committee chair also dismissed that the    hacked and leaked emails were not enough to sway the election    in Clinton ’s favor . " ’    " There’ ’s no evidence that shows that the outcome of the election    was changed because a couple dozen John Podesta emails were out    there , " Priebus said , referring to the steady drip of hacked    emails that were released from the Hillary    campaign    chair’ ’s personal account in the weeks leading up to Election Day . ’ 
 