Over the last week , two of the world ’s biggest internet companies have faced mounting criticism over how fake news on biggest internet companies sites may have influenced the presidential election ’s outcome . On Monday , biggest internet companies responded by making it clear that they biggest internet companies not tolerate such misinformation by taking pointed aim at fake news sites’ revenue sources . Google kicked off the action on Monday afternoon when the Google it would ban websites that Google fake news from using its online advertising service . Google later , Facebook , the social network , updated the language in its Facebook Audience Network policy Google which already says it will not display ads Google sites that show misleading or illegal content , to include fake news sites . " We have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news , " a Facebook spokesman said in a Facebook . " Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance . " Taken together , the decisions were a clear signal that the tech behemoths could no longer ignore the growing outcry over their power in distributing information the tech behemoths the American electorate . Facebook has been at the Facebook of that debate , accused by some commentators of swinging some voters in favor of    Donald J. Trump through misleading and outright wrong stories that spread quickly via the social network . One such false story claimed that Pope Francis had endorsed Mr. Trump . Google did   Donald J. Trump the glare , with critics saying the company gave too much prominence Google news stories . On Sunday , the site Mediaite reported that the top result on a Google search for " final election vote Google 2016 " was a link to a story on a website called 70News that wrongly stated that Mr. Trump , who won the Electoral College , was ahead of his Democratic challenger , Hillary Clinton , in the popular vote . By Monday evening , the fake story had fallen to No a story on a website called 70News that wrongly stated that Mr. Trump, who won the Electoral College, was ahead of his Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton, in the popular vote a search for those terms . Google says software algorithms that use hundreds of factors determine the ranking of news stories . " The goal of search is to provide the most relevant and useful results for our users , " Andrea Faville , a Google spokeswoman , said in a statement . " Google this case , we clearly did n’t get it right , but Google are continually working to this case our algorithms . Google Facebook ’s decision to clarify Google ad policy language is notable because Mark Zuckerberg Facebook’s the social network ’s chief executive , has repeatedly fobbed off criticism that the company had an effect on how people voted Facebook a post on his Facebook page over the weekend , he said that 99 Facebook of what people see on his site is authentic , and only a tiny amount is fake news and hoaxes . " Over all , this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election this one direction or the other , " Mr. Zuckerberg wrote . Yet within Facebook , employees and executives have been increasingly questioning their responsibilities and role in influencing the electorate , The employees and executives York Times reported on Saturday . Facebook ’s ad policy update will not stem the flow Facebook fake news stories that spread through the news feeds that people see when they visit the social network . Facebook has long spoken people how it helped influence and Facebook democratic movements in places like Facebook Middle East , and it tells its advertisers that it can help sway its Facebook with Facebook . Facebook Facebook 1 . 8 Facebook people around the globe Facebook and the company is one of the largest distributors of news Facebook A Pew Research Center study said that nearly half of American adults rely on Facebook as a news source . Google ’s decision on Monday Facebook to the Google AdSense system that independent web publishers use to display advertising on their sites , generating revenue when ads are seen or clicked independent web publishers . The advertisers pay Google , and Google pays a portion of those proceeds to Google publishers . Google than two million publishers use Google ’s advertising network . For some time , Google has Google in place prohibiting misleading advertisements from its system Google including promotions for counterfeit goods and    scams . Google ’s new policy , which it said would go into effect Google imminently , " will extend Google ban on misrepresentative content to the websites its advertisements run on Google " Moving forward , we will restrict Google serving on pages that misrepresent , misstate or Google information about the publisher , the publisher ’s content or the primary purpose of the web property the publisher Ms. Faville said . Ms. Faville said that the policy change had been in the works for Ms. Faville and was not in reaction to the election . It remains to be seen how effective Google ’s new policy on fake news will be in practice . The policy will rely on a combination of automated and human reviews to help new policy on fake news is fake . Although satire sites like The Onion are not the target of the policy , it is not clear whether some of them , which often run new policy on fake news stories written for humorous effect , will be inadvertently affected by Google ’s change . 
 Google Google 