Los Angeles ( CNN ) Macy Gray is known for Macy Gray edgy , enigmatic voice and Macy Gray soulful music about love and life , but in Macy Gray 10th studio release , which will be out this summer , Macy Gray is getting political in a way she has Macy Gray before . " For me , Macy Gray a black female , that puts me right in the thick of all the racism that ’s going on and all the misogyny , " the RB Macy Gray . Fans got a taste of what ’s to come when Gray released " White Man " in February     an anthem about racism in America . The video features a tense yet harmonious dance between a black woman and a white woman that represents both the deep divisions and the unity that characterize race relations in America . Gray ’s America to Gray and social issues is part of a larger trend as musicians     even those who are traditionally apolitical in their music like Katy Perry and Zedd     have recently made political statements . The " I Try " singer , who backed Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders during the 2016 presidential election , talked with CNN ’s # GetPolitical series about what inspired her new music and what she thinks about President Donald her . CNN : How was your CNN album inspired by the political climate ? Gray : " For me , being a black female , that puts me right in the thick of all the racism that ’s going on and all the misogyny . .. So all of the back and forth has kind of put people like me right in the middle of all the controversy , the disagreement , the fights and all the protests . As an artist , it ’s hard to go into the studio and not be affected by that . " CNN : What ’s the message behind " White Man " ? Gray : " ’White Man’ was inspired by all the things that are going on right now in our country and I felt like it was needed . I ’White Man’ feel like we ’re in a time with a lot of divisiveness and people not understanding each other . ( There ’s ) a lot of dissent and protest and people being angry and a lot of opinions and ’White Man’ was just my ’White Man’ bringing people together . " CNN : How is your new album different than other music collections you ’ve released ? Gray : " The record is amazing . It ’s really , really fresh The record and lyrics . It ’s a little bit politically The record . I just think in this climate and what ’s going on it ’s hard to be an The record and not be inspired by all the issues , especially when it ’s personal to you . The record album will definitely be more your new album different than other music collections you’ve released world , more about politics than my past albums just because of the environment that we ’ve all been forced into . But I think that ’s a good thing , you know . I think really think that ’s how we got from 60s to the 80s we because of music . Because you had people like Bob Marley and Stevie Wonder and Gil    speaking about the times and about revolution and what needs to be changed and I do n’t know if music saves the world but it definitely . .. inspires people . " CNN : Would you like to see other artists get political ? Gray : " I hope other artists get involved in the whole     not so much preaching to people , but just making it known that the issues are right in front of us and it would , I personally think it would be just neglectful to let it be , to let it just come out however it comes it , to not be it or to not pitch in in some way and make sure things go in the right direction . " CNN : Who did you vote for CNN 2016 ? Gray : " I did not vote for Mr. Trump . I actually wrote in Bernie . I never got over Bernie . That really broke my heart Bernie " CNN : How do you assess Trump CNN presidency , so far ? Mr. Trump " My biggest problem with ( Trump ) is he ’s an amateur Mr. Trump Mr. Trump done this Mr. Trump . .. this dude Mr. Trump never even been a mayor and I think that ’s dangerous , that ’s dangerous for our country when he talks to other world leaders who have devoted their Mr. Trump careers to politics . .. With all his craziness and tweets     that ’s whatever , but Mr. Trump fact that he has no idea what he ’s doing is scary Mr. Trump me . I ’m Mr. Trump thinking like , you know ,      it ! Let ’s give , why do n’t we let 2 Chainz ’m the Supreme Court justice , ’m give Meryl Streep the surgeon general . I mean , who cares at this point ? We have a leadership that has no experience and that ’m wild to me . .. that ’s my biggest problem with Mr. me . Other than that , he ’s an old , white dude from New York Mr. Trump that ’s what they do . He ’s old school , he ’s from New York Mr. Trump he ’s loud , Mr. Trump says what New York . Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 