Hillary Clinton is the worst presidential candidate on Israel since Barack Obama , who was the worst ever . Indeed , the only reason Democrats have convinced Democrats Hillary Clinton is    is that , relative to Obama , Hillary Clinton is . But Hillary Clinton ’s record on Israel Israel so bad that not even people paid to advocate on her Hillary Clinton can name a single thing she Hillary Clinton done for Israel Israel [ Maybe by tomorrow you ’ll think up ONE thing @HillaryClinton has actually done for Israel Israel Do n’t stay up late trying . https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) August 12 , 2016 ,    And while Donald Trump is a newcomer to politics and foreign policy , his Donald Trump already make him Donald Trump far better candidate . Trump Donald Trump the first American presidential nominee to tell the Israelis that they the Israelis keep building settlements in the West Bank as long as the Palestinians refuse to abandon terror and refuse to negotiate a peace agreement . While the left reacted in horror , the proposal is the first that would restore Israel ’s negotiating leverage . Until now , the penalty for Palestinian terror is    …      exactly nothing . In fact , the Obama administration has rewarded Palestinian Palestinian with more aid . Why would they the Obama administration ? Whatever you think of the Israeli settlement project   —    and it is a complicated topic   —    it it to be clear to the Palestinians that they the Palestinians losing their the Palestinians for statehood by continuing to reject peace . Until now , the message has been that there is no amount of murder or incitement that would cause the American patrons of the Palestinian cause to cut off the cash flow . The Donald ’s proposal is a total reset , a new opening offer that will , ironically , lead to more fruitful peace negotiations in the end . Some of Trump ’s    critics attack him    saying he    be " neutral " between Israelis and Palestinians . But they Some of Trump deliberately distorting his    : he    he    be neutral in the context of mediating a peace negotiation . That is pure common sense . Trump Trump long acknowledged that the Palestinian side is primarily responsible for the impasse , that " the other side has been trained from the time they the other side children to hate Jewish people . " He Trump to try again   —    on tougher terms . Contrast that with Hillary Clinton . Not only is it impossible to name anything positive she Hillary Clinton achieved for Israeli , but it is also quite easy to name several things she Hillary Clinton done to cause real damage . First and foremost is the Iran deal , which she Hillary Clinton negotiate and supports enthusiastically . Then there is her Hillary Clinton of the Black Lives Matter movement , which has accused Israel of " genocide . " Even Alan Dershowitz , a noted Clinton supporter , says " no decent person " should be associated with it . Then there was the infamous episode in 2010 , when Hillary Clinton berated Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the telephone for 45 minutes because of an announcement of new apartments in a Jewish neighborhood in Jerusalem . The Obama administration , Hillary included Clinton was eager to show that it had The Obama administration the Israeli leader . Nothing was achieved for the cause of peace , but Israel ’s enemies were emboldened by the unusual public condemnation . It is true that Israelis remember President Bill Clinton fondly , especially for his mourning President Bill Clinton the funeral of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzchak Rabin . But as First Lady , Hillary Clinton President Bill Clinton more radical on the    issue than her husband . President Bill Clinton 1998 , she became the President Bill Clinton major American political figure to endorse a Palestinian state   —    a statement so harmful to ongoing peace negotiations that her husband ’s her husband to rush to distance the White House from her views . President Bill Clinton year later , she embraced and President Bill Clinton Suha Arafat , the wife of Palestinian terrorist and tyrant Yasser Arafat , when Mrs. Arafat falsely accused Israel tyrant Yasser Arafat poison gas on Palestinian women and children   —    a particularly galling charge , given the Holocaust . The illusion that Hillary Clinton is    is sustained by a    establishment that has insinuated itself into her inner circle , Hillary Clinton is    has Hillary Clinton to stop her worst policies and impulses . Hillary Clinton    voters , Trump is the only possible choice . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Trump 