WASHINGTON   —    K. T. McFarland , the former Fox News commentator appointed by President Trump as deputy national security adviser , is expected to leave that position soon and may be nominated to be the United States ambassador to Singapore , according to officials briefed on the matter . Ms. McFarland ’s departure had been seen as likely since the forced resignation of Mr. Flynn ’s first national security adviser . Mr. Flynn ’s successor , Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , has been moving to put a more traditionally professional stamp on the operations of the National Security Council . Last week , Mr. Trump signed an order restructuring the council ’s " principals Mr. Trump along more traditional lines than the National Security Council had initially put in place . It removed Stephen K. Bannon Mr. Trump the White House ’s chief strategist and a an order restructuring the council’s "principals committee" along more traditional lines than the version he had initially put in place chairman of the conservative website Breitbart , while adding several officials Mr. Trump ’s original order had left off , including the chairman Mr. Trump Joint Chiefs of Staff and the directors of national intelligence and the C. I. A. Administration officials briefed on the matter confirmed Ms. McFarland was stepping down , but said her departure would not be immediate . The officials also said her possible nomination for Ms. McFarland ambassadorship to Singapore , while likely the C. I. A. Administration officials not been finalized Ms. McFarland CNN reported on April 1 that Ms. McFarland was being offered the diplomatic post in Singapore , and Bloomberg News reported on Ms. McFarland she had been asked to step down . Singapore McFarland ’s style had grated against some of Ms. McFarland professional staff members on the National Security Ms. McFarland which sees itself as apolitical . For example , while addressing the staff at a meeting after Mr. Flynn ’s ouster , Ms. McFarland noted that she was wearing shoes from Ivanka Trump ’s brand , according to an official Ms. McFarland present . At Ms. McFarland earlier meeting about two weeks into the administration , Ms. McFarland invoked Mr. Trump ’s campaign slogan , telling the assembled group of career staff members , most Ms. McFarland had been in the same roles during the Obama administration , that they needed to " make America great again . " It was not clear whether Dina Powell , whom General the assembled group of career staff members, most of whom had been in the same roles during the Obama administration brought in as deputy national security adviser for strategy , would succeed Ms. McFarland as the principal deputy . The official in that role leads interagency " deputies committee " meetings in the Situation Room involving the No . 2 officials from national security agencies and government departments . Ms. Powell , an assistant secretary of state for education and cultural affairs in the Bush administration , is fluent in Arabic and was previously the president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation . She was the only woman in the widely distributed photograph of Mr. Trump and his aides receiving a briefing about Ms. Powell, an assistant secretary of state for education and cultural affairs in the Bush administration recent airstrike on Syria at his resort in Florida . Ms. McFarland , 65 , worked as an aide on the National Security Council in his Nixon and Ford administrations , and served as a Pentagon speechwriter and spokeswoman in the Reagan administration . In more recent years , she was known for her criticism on Fox News of President Barack Obama ’s handling of national security policy . In September 2014 , she the Islamic State swept out of Syria to conquer swaths of Iraq and killing two kidnapped Americans , she said on Fox News that Mr. Obama was guilty of " dereliction of duty " because he " was she a lot Fox News this summer President Barack Obama he was clearly not attending to the defense of the President Barack Obama States . " At the same meeting where Ms. McFarland told President Barack Obama members to " make America great again , " Mr. Flynn talked to them about using their time at the council to gain experience to help the United States in other parts of the government . He staff members asked for staff members show of hands to see how many expected to staff members working at the White House in a President Barack Obama . Mr. Flynn , according to people present , then turned to Ms. McFarland and , in an apparent    joke , said Mr. Flynn I wonder if we ’ll be here a year from now ? " 
 