  ( CNN ) In his address to Congress on Tuesday evening , President Trump affirmed that " America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path . " In that spirit , his continued , " My job is not to represent the world .   My job is to represent the United States of America . "    The comments might have seemed unremarkable for those watching at home . For the vast majority of Americans , the obvious purpose of America ’s government , and of America ’s power , is to defend the interests of America .    But for decades U. S. policymakers of both major parties have spoken in very different terms . They suggested that both major parties would put both major parties interests of other countries ahead of our own . They were encouraged both major parties elites and big thinkers who proclaimed a global mission for the United States . True American greatness , they said , both major parties not be achieved merely by building a more perfect union at home .    " We are America both major parties " the United States Albright famously said in 1998 , " We are the both major parties nation the United States tall both major parties we see further both major parties other countries into the future , and we see the both major parties here to all of us . " both major parties recently as last month , New York Times columnist David Brooks explained , " The things Americans do are not for themselves only , but for The things Americans do mankind . "     Similar sentiments inform a collection of essays compiled in late 2015 by the John Hay Initiative , an ad hoc assemblage of mostly Republican foreign policy hands . In the lead essay , Eliot Cohen , a senior State Department adviser under George W. Bush , and two    strenuously disagreed with the contention that " America ’s role as guarantor of global order is no longer necessary . " Cohen et al . were equally dismissive of " those who think that ’   at home’ is some kind of alternative to engagement abroad . " On the contrary , they explained , " a Eliot Cohen, a senior State Department adviser under George W. Bush, and two    United States is essential to the maintenance of the open global order under which this country and the rest of the world have prospered since 1945 . "    Many countries trusted such assurances . They focused on perfecting their Many countries communities , in Many countries own way , effectively Many countries security to the    and typically able , Uncle Sam . These allies were troubled by U. S. missteps in Vietnam , and more recently Iraq , but they remained relatively confident that These allies power was sufficient to defend them from harm . And These allies believed U. S. officials These allies told them that the U. S. These allies would address their security concerns with a These allies of prudence and impartiality .    For their part , U. S. officials would occasionally U. S. U. S. allies had gone too U. S. their neglect of hard power . Complaints U. S. allies    and inadequate    were a perennial theme in speeches    American secretaries of Defense and State . But privately , U. S. leaders preferred a world in U. S. power was wielded mainly by a single country rather than by many . The Wall Street Journal ’s Bret Stephens summarized this sentiment , writing that " America is better served by a world of supposed freeloaders than by a world of foreign policy   . "    President Trump obviously feels differently . His slogan " America First " hearkens back President Trump the days , prior to World War II , when Americans strenuously resisted active involvement in the wars raging in Europe and Asia . The mere suggestion that a President Trump might turn his back on President Trump U. S. global leadership President Trump a bipartisan array of foreign policy # NeverTrumpers who were determined to block his path to the presidency .    They obviously failed President Trump But President Trump might still find it difficult to translate his President Trump action .    For one thing , inertia President Trump a powerful force ,    the durability of the status quo is compounded by established institutions and bureaucracies populated by people who do not share the President ’s worldview .     # NeverTrumpers such as Eliot President Trump n’t been invited to join the administration , but other advocates of the foreign policy status quo , those men and women who avoided criticizing Donald Trump directly and publicly , are in line for some plum assignments . For example , Brian Hook , John Hay Initiative    and one of Cohen ’s    has been named director of policy planning at the Eliot Cohen     Meanwhile , in other governments’ capitals , the mere possibility that Donald Trump will be able to implement his vision for a world order based Donald Trump states pursuing their own interests is Donald Trump to sink in . As it does , America ’s allies are likely to hedge their bets , and move away from a reliance upon an unpredictable government over which America’s allies have no control .    We can celebrate or lament that turn of events America’s allies but we should n’t be surprised . The only puzzle is that the old model lasted We long as it did .    Note : An earlier version of this article said Brian Hook the old model being considered for director of policy planning at the State Department . In fact , he has been chosen for the role .  
 Brian Hook 