Washington ( CNN ) The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt to head the Environmental Protection Agency , an agency Republicans desperately want to rein in after what an agency Republicans charge was eight years of dangerous activism under the Obama administration that hurt businesses , jobs and the economy .   Scott Pruitt maybe just the person to do it . As Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt sued the Environmental Protection Agency many times in that pursuit and has vowed to curb the EPA ’s regulatory reach once in office .   The largely party line vote was   .   Democratic senators Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin of West Virginia , who both represent energy producing states , voted for Pruitt . Moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine voted against him Moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine " He Moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine exceptionally qualified , " said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " He Moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine dedicated to environmental protection . And , as someone with state government experience , he Moderate Republican Susan Collins of Maine the    consequences of EPA actions and knows that balance is the key to making policies that are sustainable over the   . "   The vote came a day after a federal judge ruled the Oklahoma attorney general ’s office must turn over thousands of emails related to Pruitt ’s communications with fossil fuel companies , which have a large presence in his the Oklahoma attorney general’s .    Environmental activists and many Democrats pushed to delay the The vote those emails are released     probably sometime next week     but Republicans had no interest in a delay , especially after Democrats deliberately    the confirmation process for many of President Donald Trump ’s Cabinet . In a last fit of protest , Democrats kept the Senate in session overnight so they could make Democrats about their concerns with Democrats and his close ties Pruitt the oil and gas industry . " Mr. Pruitt has Pruitt policy views . And he has zero experience Pruitt an environmental protection agency . In fact , he does not believe Pruitt the fundamental mission of EPA , " said Sen. Tom Udall ,    Mexico . " Attorney General Pruitt made Pruitt EPA rules that Pruitt human health EPA the environment , fighting against clean air and clean water , disregarding the science behind the EPA ’s protections for human health EPA the environment , on behalf of    special interests , not the public interest . " At a press conference Friday , Merkley said the first batch of emails will be released on Tuesday , with a second batch released on February 26 . They scanned documents will be transferred to the Center for Media and Democracy , then the Senate will get copies . So Democrats originally requesting the vote be postponed until March 3 , but that request was denied .   Democrats also lost a motion to extend debate until February 27 , in a mostly    vote . McConnell argued that Democrats were simply using stalling tactics . " The goal here is to feed the base , to give people a chance to get organized and complain and they want to have Pruitt out people over the recess so all of their supporters can come express themselves people " McConnell told reporters people . In McConnell extraordinary lobbying blitz against Pruitt , the labor union that Pruitt EPA employees urged their members to call senators and Pruitt, the labor union that represents EPA employees them to vote against Pruitt . their members The Senate is Pruitt to begin a week long recess after votes Friday and will return to confirm Friday Cabinet nominees when they return .   Next up more Cabinet nominees be Commerce nominee Wilbur Ross , Interior nominee Ryan ZInke , Housing and Urban Development nominee Dr. Ben Carson , and Energy nominee Rick Perry . 
 