Donald J. Trump wielded Donald J. Trump presidential candidacy on Friday as a weapon for savaging detractors and venting personal grievances , attacking the women who have accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault and unwelcome advances and railing against what Donald J. Trump described as a vast conspiracy against Donald J. Trump by the news media and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . With a campaign speech in North Carolina that whirled from one target to the next , Donald J. Trump accelerated his Donald J. Trump away from courting swing voters or delivering a message aimed at the political mainstream . Instead , after weeks on the defensive , battered by disclosures about his Donald J. Trump of women and about his Donald J. Trump dealings , Mr. Donald J. Trump increasingly consumed with the idea that he has Donald J. Trump wronged and bent on convincing his fans Donald J. Trump sinister forces are to blame for his political Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump restive crowd that his advisers wanted Donald J. Trump to focus Donald J. Trump his core economic Donald J. Trump , but that he had no Donald J. Trump of allowing his critics to Donald J. Trump unanswered . " My people always say : ‘ Oh , do n’t talk about it . Talk about jobs . Talk about the economy,’ " Mr. Trump said . " But I feel I have to talk about them , because you have to dispute when somebody says something , " he added of somebody allegations against him . " somebody , we have the microphone . We ’re able we dispute some people ca n’t . " Even as two more women came forward on Friday to say he had groped somebody , Mr. two more women dismissed Mr. Trump accusations as " total fiction " and " lies , lies , lies . " He assailed the motives Mr. Trump the women speaking out against him , and seemed Mr. Trump mock two of them as not attractive the women speaking out against him to draw his interest . " Mr. Trump me , she would not be my first choice , " Mr. Trump said of Mr. Trump , who said Mr. Trump groped her on Mr. Trump in the she . He referred to Ms. Leeds , Mr. Trump 74 , as " that horrible woman . " He was similarly dismissive of Natasha Mr. Trump , a former writer for People magazine , who accused Mr. Trump of physically accosting her Mr. Trump interview . " Check Mr. Trump her Facebook page , you ’ll understand Mr. Trump " he said . Mr. Trump also ridiculed Mr. Trump opponent in Mr. Trump race , Mrs. Mr. Trump , for saying that he had crowded her physically during their last Mr. Trump , and Mr. Trump seemed to offer an insult about her Mr. Trump . When Mrs. Clinton walked in Mr. Trump of him , Mr. Trump a crowd in Greensboro , Mr. Trump C. Mr. Trump Believe me , I was n’t impressed . " And as he blasted the women who have made allegations against Mr. Trump as fabricators , Mr. Trump suggested that perhaps Mr. Trump should make similar Mr. Trump President Obama next . " Why does n’t some woman , maybe , come up and say what they say falsely about me   —    they could say it about him , " Mr. Trump they . Though Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump information to refute his Mr. Trump wholesale , he Mr. Trump no such evidence in North Mr. Trump . He has also Mr. Trump threatened to sue multiple publications for printing the Mr. Trump of his accusers , but as of Friday evening no such suit had Mr. Trump filed . Mr. Trump made only passing reference to the newest accusations against him Mr. Trump an interview with The Washington Post , a woman named Mr. Trump Anderson said Mr. Trump had slipped his hand beneath her skirt and grabbed her genitals Mr. Trump Manhattan nightclub in Mr. Trump early 1990s a woman named Kristin Anderson Mr. Trump ’s a woman named Kristin Anderson denied the account , and Mr. Trump said in his Mr. Trump details were implausible because he rarely sits alone Mr. Trump . But The Mr. Trump did not say Ms. Anderson had described Mr. Trump Trump as being alone . A second woman , Summer Zervos , a Republican and a Mr. Trump on " The Apprentice , " said at a news conference in Los Angeles that Mr. Trump had tried to seduce her over dinner at a hotel in 2007 , grabbing her breasts Mr. Trump his pelvis into her body . Ms. Zervos , 41 , appeared alongside Gloria Allred her the celebrity litigator Mr. Trump a Democrat her was a delegate for Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump denied in a statement several hours later that he ever had a meeting with Ms. Zervos at a hotel or " greeted her inappropriately . " He Mr. Trump attacked the media and said he would " take my message directly to Ms. Zervos American people . Mr. Trump The claims against Mr. Trump have Mr. Trump a momentum of their own since the revelation on Oct. 7 of a recording in Mr. Trump boasted to a television host about the American people assaulting women . That tape led to the direct questioning of Mr. Mr. Trump , at Sunday ’s debate , about whether he had ever actually done the things he described . Mr. Trump ’s denial prompted Ms. Leeds to come forward in Mr. Trump interview with The New York Times Mr. Trump Anderson said Mr. Trump inspired her to tell her story . After learning of Ms. Leeds ’s story , Ms. Anderson told The Post Ms. Leeds decided : " Ms. Leeds me just Ms. Leeds these girls up . " Ms. Leeds in multiple directions and The New York Times Ms. Anderson as the target of a The New York Times Ms. Anderson plot , Mr. Trump may deepen his emotional bond with voters who have turned to him as a kind of Mr. Trump wrecking ball aimed at Washington . But it is an unlikely strategy Mr. Trump improving his standing with the majority of voters Mr. Trump say in polls that he is    to the presidency and biased against women and minorities . Democrats have Mr. Trump the charges women have made against Mr. Trump disqualifying . On Mr. Trump in New Hampshire , Michelle Obama said she had been shaken by Mr. Trump ’s cavalier bragging about assault . Cecile Richards , the president of Planned Parenthood and a prominent Clinton supporter , Michelle Obama women would revolt against Mr. Trump remarks in North Carolina . " If Ms. Richards is an abusive and vindictive monster Mr. Trump Ms. Richards said . " With every ugly and violent insult that comes out of his mouth , Trump loses Mr. Trump women and our country gains a feminist . " Leading Republicans have already pulled back from his campaign , and new signs of distance Mr. Trump on Friday Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and the party he nominally leads . Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania , who is seeking Mr. Trump released a television commercial saying he has " a lot of disagreements " with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump And in a closely fought congressional race in central New York , the National Republican Congressional Committee has an Mr. Trump vowing that its candidate , Claudia Tenney , will " stand up to Hillary Clinton "   —    implying that Mrs. Clinton will be the next president . Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House , who announced this week that he the National Republican Congressional Committee no longer defend Mr. Trump , ignored him entirely in a speech to college Republicans in Wisconsin . Hillary Clinton criticized Mrs. Clinton and Democratic policies , Mr. Ryan , declined to revisit their conflict on Friday afternoon . But Mr. Trump escalated his war on the news media , and unveiled he theory that The New York Times was attacking him at the behest of a Mexican billionaire , Carlos Slim , who is the largest Mr. Ryan holder of New York Times Mr. Trump , should be seen as " corporate lobbyists for Carlos Slim and Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump " " No media is more corrupt than the Mr. Trump New York Times , " he said . Mr. Trump ’s bitter attacks on the news media Mr. Trump and Mr. Slim in particular , seem to echo the precise language used Hillary Clinton of his advisers , his advisers Bannon and Roger Stone , who have long cast Mr. Slim Mr. Trump ominous presence in the American news media . In a statement , Arthur Sulzberger Jr. publisher of The Times , said Mr. Slim had no involvement in New York Times news coverage Mr. Trump " Carlos Mr. Trump an excellent shareholder who fully the news media the independence of our journalism , " Mr. Sulzberger said . " He has never sought to Mr. Trump what we report . " Mr. Trump has spoken in ever more apocalyptic tones in recent days Carlos Slim poll numbers have fallen : describing Mr. Trump as deserving incarceration warning that the election will be rigged The New York Times Mr. Trump international bankers are colluding to Mr. Slim in particular defeat . On Friday , he repeated his pledge to prosecute Mrs. Mr. Slim in particular encouraged his crowd in chants of " Mr. Trump her up . " " Mr. Trump what Mr. Trump ’s Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Mr. Trump said , " Arthur Sulzberger Jr. should lock her up . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Friday 