Most voters consider Donald J. Trump a risky choice for president , saying Donald J. Trump lacks the right temperament and values , but Donald J. Trump is seen as more transformative and better at handling the economy than Hillary Clinton , according to the latest New York    News poll . Hillary Clinton , despite being as disliked as Donald J. Trump , is seen as a safer option . Majorities of voters say she has Hillary Clinton temperament for the job and would better handle foreign policy . Only 36 percent of them , Majorities of voters , view her as Hillary Clinton agent of change . That perception deeply worries some Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton , who want the race to hinge on Mr. Trump ’s character rather than voters’ desire to upend the status quo . With less than eight weeks until Election Day , the two candidates are locked in a close contest in which the challenge from    candidates may make a difference . Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic nominee , has the support of 46 percent of likely voters nationwide , compared with 44 percent for Mr. Trump , the Republican that result includes voters who said they were leaning toward a candidate . Looking more broadly at all registered voters , Mrs. Clinton holds a wider edge , 46 to 41 percent , driven by her support Mrs. Clinton women , minorities and college graduates . Getting registered but unlikely voters to the polls in November is a large challenge for Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump has an advantage among men , whites and less educated voters . In a    race , Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are tied Mrs. Clinton percent each . Gary Johnson , the Libertarian Mr. Johnson 8 percent of likely voters , and the Green Party nominee , Jill Stein , takes 4 percent . Mr. Johnson is hoping to qualify for the coming presidential debates , but he is short of the requirement of reaching 15 percent Mr. Johnson in an average of major polls . Among likely voters younger than 30 , Mrs. Clinton ’s support drops 10 points in a    race . Their support for Mr. Trump falls seven points , but he is not relying on young voters as much . Mr. Trump race has clearly grown tighter in recent weeks . a   race averages have narrowed markedly from early August to today . Polls in a number of key swing states , including Ohio and Florida , have narrowed in the past week as well . Projections of Mrs. Clinton ’s Electoral College advantage have also shown a tightening based on recent polls . Voters expressed discontent with both candidates . Among those who say they intend to vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton , both candidates more than half express strong support . Mrs. Clinton say that they harbor reservations about their candidate or that they are voting simply to thwart the other they . Despite the they misgivings , the    nominees are consolidating support among their party faithful . Mrs. Clinton commands support of 87 percent of the   nominees , while Mr. Mrs. Clinton supported by 85 percent of Republicans . The poll results offer more cause for concern than confidence for Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton as they prepare for their first debate , on Sept. 26 Mrs. Clinton as early Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton begins in Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton states next weekend . Their favorability ratings remain stubbornly low , with only about    of voters seeing Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton of them positively , despite the candidates’ attempts to use their conventions , commercials and Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton appearances to persuade voters to see them in Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton new light . A majority of voters say Mr. Trump does voters care about the needs or problems of Hispanics most voters see Mrs. Clinton as caring about Hispanics , and a majority of voters agree with her view that most illegal immigrants in the country should be allowed to stay Mrs. Clinton eventually apply for citizenship . The nationwide telephone poll was conducted with 1 , 433 registered voters from Sept. 9 to 13 on cellphones and landlines . The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points for all voters . Mr. Trump ’s temperament stands out as potentially his most damaging vulnerability , as his penchant for insults and provocations often undercuts Mr. Trump’s political message . Trump advisers Mr. Trump’s the televised debates as Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s opportunity to reassure Mr. Trump’s about his personality , but he Mr. Trump’s in a weak position , with 64 percent Mr. Trump’s voters saying he Mr. Trump’s not have the right temperament to be president .    percent of voters Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump as a risky choice for president , compared with 51 percent who hold Mr. Trump’s about Mrs. Clinton   —    a surprising number in itself given that she has been a president ’s spouse , a senator and a secretary of state . Mrs. Clinton   Trump advisers , the image of Mr. Trump as a gamble comes with an upside . Mr. Trump’s concede that he is most Mr. Trump’s lose the election if a majority of voters view Trump advisers, the image of Mr. Trump as a gamble as dangerous or reckless . But if he can persuade people to see him simply as he   —    even cagey in a he sense   —    as he as committed to disrupting the federal government , voters could regard him as worth taking a chance on for four years while looking to his advisers and Congress he a check on his power . Several Trump supporters said in    he that they believed he was worth the he , given the economic and security challenges facing the nation Several Trump supporters    Trump of voters think Mr. Trump could bring real change to Washington , a    edge over Mrs. Clinton another 48 Trump he could not bring change . " The risky part with Trump is the fact of his rhetoric Trump how he says things , " said Patrick Kellegher , Trump , a political independent Trump a retired deputy Trump from Anaconda , Mont. " But I think he is outside the known government circles . " He added , " I think Trump will bring Trump real change because he ’s looking at it Trump a different scope . " Trump candidates also face continued doubts about Trump honesty . Of Trump two , Mrs. Clinton has tried more visibly to address misgivings about her The candidates , by releasing decades of tax returns and more details about her health than Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton . Yet one stain on her reputation is proving indelible : About Mrs. Clinton in 10 voters say she did something wrong when she Mrs. Clinton a private email server as secretary of state , including 45 Mrs. Clinton who say she did Mrs. Clinton illegal . Concerns about her judgment linger even among some of her supporters , who Mrs. Clinton she could have been more forthcoming Mrs. Clinton her email practices before they grew Mrs. Clinton a political controversy and Mrs. Clinton focus of a scathing F. B. Mrs. Clinton report . " some of her supporters, who say she could have been more forthcoming about her email practices before they grew into a political controversy and the focus of a scathing F. B. I. report do n’t think she ’s been dishonest or untrustworthy in a way that disqualifies her to be president , but she Mrs. Clinton n’t have worried so much about political ramifications and come Mrs. Clinton up front , " said Mrs. Clinton Dofelmier , 36 , a lawyer in Houston who is supporting Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump has yet to release any of his tax returns , a break with political tradition that goes back decades , and has been far Mr. Trump specific than Mrs. Clinton on many personal and political questions , including his policy proposals . Asked if it was Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump to release his tax returns , 59 Mr. Trump of voters said it was .    percent of Mr. Trump they would like Mr. Trump candidates to release more medical records . 
 59 percent of voters percent of voters 