Bluffton , South Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s visit to this state dotted with military bases is emerging as a test of whether the billionaire businessman ’s controversial comments about John McCain ’s status as a war hero will seriously damage Donald Trump’s campaign . Veterans who attended a campaign event at a retirement community here expressed support for many of Donald Trump ’s positions but said John McCain’s status as a war hero went too far .   " I ’m here to support Donald Trump but he Donald Trump on probation now because of his Donald Trump about McCain John McCain’s They were out of order . Simply out of order , " Jim Bacon , an     Korean War veteran who served in the Marine Corp , told CNN . " I truly was dumbfounded . And very disappointed . " Another retired veteran , Helmut Pfab , said he Donald Trump interested in getting to know Trump Donald Trump but that he Donald Trump not agree with the real estate mogul ’s remarks about McCain John McCain’s " I do not know McCain John McCain’s , he John McCain’s a politician , but that was not right , what he John McCain’s , " Pfab , 79 , said . " Veterans     of course they are offended Veterans     what he John McCain’s . " READ : Donald Donald Trump out Lindsey Graham ’s personal cell number , Trump set Donald Trump a firestorm on Saturday when he said Donald Trump McCain , John McCain’s Vietnam War veteran who was held captive for more than five years , was a " war hero because he was Donald Trump . " " I like people that were n’t captured , OK ? " Trump said Donald Trump setting off immediate and widespread condemnation . He has Donald Trump sought to partially walk back the remarks , saying that he believed Donald Trump was , in fact , a " war hero , " but that he was disappointed in McCain Arizona senator ’s work in Washington on behalf of veterans . But the comments have already left a deep impression among some voters here who were offended by Trump ’s Donald Trump go after a veteran ’s military service .   Tuesday marked Trump ’s first Donald Trump the Palmetto State since launching his presidential campaign last month . He postponed an earlier trip in his aftermath of the tragic mass shooting at a historic    church in Charleston .   South Carolina   —    a state with a sizable veterans community and large military bases   —    is also home to a significant number of evangelicals . McCain won the state in 2008 , in part by placing strong emphasis on his Vietnam service and his connection McCain the veterans community McCain Lindsey Graham , a Republican senator Graham crowded GOP field vying for the party ’s 2016 nomination . A leader within his party on national security and GOP , as well as a close friend of McCain ’s , Graham has spoken out harshly against Trump ’s comments .   READ : Donald Trump snubs GOP power brokers , Former State House Speaker David Wilkins , a Republican Trump’s if GOP backlash from Trump ’s comments on McCain would be obvious anywhere in the country , it would be in Trump’s Carolina . McCain " I think they ’re unacceptable throughout our country ’s comments on McCain probably even more so in South Carolina because we have such a strong military the country tradition , " Wilkins , a Graham South Carolina said . our We are very much a patriotic state so any comment that ’s derogatory towards one of our veterans     our our POWs     is not    in South Carolina . " Former South Carolina Gov. Jim Hodges , a our , predicted that Trump ’s comments South Carolina would hurt him in South Carolina by sending the message that he is unfit to be the country ’s    . " They McCain not a lot single issue veteran voters but McCain think people are offended by a comment that belittles the service of someone who not only served in the military but also was a prisoner of war , " Hodges said . " How can this man effectively serve as commander in chief when he belittles the service of a decorated veteran ? " Other veterans McCain room were happy to give Trump a pass McCain his McCain comments . Bob Hansz , a former law enforcement official who served in the Vietnam War , said he himself Trump never considered ( McCain ) a war hero . " " I think we use the term ’war hero’ Trump little too loosely in the country , " Hansz , 70 , said . " Bob Hansz, a former law enforcement official who served in the Vietnam War ’m a vet . I killed Vietnamese . I ’m no war hero . " 
 