’   ’ "    President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sat    in front of paying members of Trump ’s     resort Saturday    when ’  ’ "   President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe were . " ’      lights pointed toward sensitive documents . One of the    attendees took photos of the scene , uploading the   attendees to    Facebook . The    process came in " .   ’ ’    That has alarmed national security experts who say Trump is    sending a message to foreign intelligence agencies that Trump is    willing to receive sensitive or classified information in an    insecure space . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Two of the administration ’s top officials ,    including   " ’    ’ ’    John Cook , a journalist , said on Twitter that " John Cook, a journalist used to    put John Cook, a journalist phones in fridges to talk about Snowden docs at The    Intercept . These . .. are POINTING THEIR PHONES at class[ified ]    info . " ’ "    It is unclear if Trump had Trump unsecured Android phone with Trump    during the briefing , which Trump still carries around with Trump to    send tweets , according to . The   to phishing attacks that could    infect the phone with malware , which is capable of taking over    the phone ’s camera and microphone . " ’   ’ ’    The White House sought to put to rest the mounting questions    over the    strategy session late Monday , telling CNN in a    statement that the leaders were not discussing anything    classified and rather were focusing on the logistics of the    presser . ’ "    But Trump ’s    approach to intelligence briefings began    even before    was sworn in . In December , reports emerged that Trump Trump skipping his Trump presidential briefings , and had only    had a handful since he Trump elected one month before . Vice    President Mike Pence , in contrast , opted for roughly six    briefings per week , according to   " ’   ’ ’    In any case , Saturday’ ’s incident " is likely to increase    dinner reservation bookings at     by foreign intelligence    agencies , " Stephen Biddle , a ’ ’    " During the Cold War , intelligence agencies went to elaborate    lengths to plant bugs in places where less senior officials than    the President were likely to hold conversations , " added Biddle , a    professor of political science at George Washington University    who   ’ ’So we can expect that they will take advantage of    the much easier job of keeping eavesdroppers within range of the    Presidential table in settings like this if the President insists    on holding policy discussions in such places , " he the President . ’ ’President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 