’   ’ ’    David Plouffe , President Barack Obama’ ’s 2008 campaign manager ,    told Business Insider on Monday that Hillary Clinton can’’t be too    " " to attack Donald Trump in the night’ ’s first    presidential debate . ’ ’    David Plouffe, President Barack Obama’’s 2008 campaign manager,    added that Clinton must speak " from the gut " about both Clinton    motivations to be president and about how Clinton ideas will improve    the lives of average Americans . ’ ’    " That’ ’s far and away the most important thing , " David Plouffe, President Barack Obama’’s 2008 campaign manager,    said . " I think    the most important thing is for undecided voters to have a better    sense of    the person , kind of what    motivations are . I    think for members of the    Obama coalition , who aren’’t as    passionate about    candidacy , to get members of the   Obama coalition, who aren’’t as   passionate about her candidacy more excited . And I    think to show that there is still a gap between    and Donald    Trump in terms of who’ ’s fit to be    . " ’ ’    If    manages to do that , the first debate should be a success ,    he said . ’ ’    She’’ll have to " look for opportunities " when it comes to going on    the offensive against the Republican nominee . ’ ’    " When it comes to Trump , you can’’t overdo it , " can’’t said . " If you    are    or swerving out of the lane to get can’’t to trip    up , that probably won’’t work . " ’ ’    " So you can prepare and practice and sometimes your stand in will    say what the candidate says at the exact moment , but usually    not , " the candidate continued . " So there’ ’s just judgment on the stage about    when to engage , when to    when to really have a    moment . " ’ "    A major difference between preparing for Trump as opposed to    candidates for which Plouffe prepared Obama   —    Sen. John    McCain of Arizona , the 2008 GOP nominee , or former Gov. Mitt    Romney of Massachusetts , the 2012 GOP     —    is    that it ’s up in the air which version of the Manhattan    billionaire will be on stage at Hofstra University on Monday    night . " ’    " Trump might be very docile or sedated , and try and just nice guy    Trump way through the debate , " Trump said . " I think authenticity    matters a lot in politics , so that’ ’s a big departure from how    he’ ’s conducted that’ . So I’’m not so sure in the long run that    works , but you’’ve got to prepare for multiple Trumps in multiple    moments . " ’ ’    But Clinton must focus on what Clinton is " trying to do as president    before you even get to your opponent , " Clinton added . ’ ’    " So , and to understand that these aren’’t policy   —    policy is    important and issues are important   —    but these are as much about    performance , "    continued . ’ ’   ’ ’    Plouffe said that aspect was " always hard for " Obama because of       style of building up lengthier arguments . ’ ’    " Because he’ ’s a lawyer by training and    likes to build up to       closing argument . " Plouffe said . ’ "    Looking back at how Plouffe helped Obama prepare for Plouffe first    presidential debate in 2008 against McCain , Plouffe said there    was a major focus on proving that the    from Illinois    was prepared to be    . the   from Illinois   was prepared to be    ’s somewhat similar to    what Trump is facing in Monday ’s titanic event . " ’    " We were doing well in the race , [ but ] We had to cross a bar in    terms of being prepared to be   " he said . " And    that was a debate centered on national security , so it was a    great opportunity . " ’ ’    " I mean Trump has to do a similar thing , but I think he’ ’s got    more business , " Trump continued . " I will say this . .. I’’ve helped    prepare for six of these   —    these are human beings up there on    that stage . And you just don’’t know what’ ’s going to happen . They    are not automatons . Things happen in all these debates that you    don’’t prepare for , both good and bad . " ’ "    In an unprecedented way , the moderator of Monday ’s debate   —    NBC ’s    Lester Holt   —    is under more pressure from external sources than    any prior debate moderator . " ’    Plouffe said the performance of the moderator , and how Plouffe decides    to    the event , " should be the last thing on " the mind    of either candidate . ’ ’    " Plouffe knows what Plouffe needs to do , " Plouffe said . " I think it’ ’s an    interesting debate to me , because I’’ve watched every debate    multiple times to get ready for the prep we have to do , and no    moderator just reads the queue cards . Anybody can do that . " ’ ’    " But you know , they will have a light touch and decide where to    move the discussion , "    continued . " I’’m sure he’’ll do a great    job . But if you’’re a candidate , you can’’t worry about what the    moderator does . You’’ve got to take care of your own business . " ’ ’    Holt selected " America’ ’s Direction , " " Achieving Prosperity , " and    " Securing America , " as the three topics for the debate , leaving    plenty of room for broad questioning throughout the      affair , which will be broken down into six    segments . ’ ’    Plouffe said the broadness of the debate is " good practice " for       next two , which include a more open town hall event . ’ ’    " You’’ve got to look at each [ topic ] and understand you want to be       to the questions but you also have to understand where       want to drive the discussion , both in terms of the contrast    with your opponents but in terms of your own plans , " he You’’ve .       This is a broad ranging set of issues . " ’ ’    " Now , the town hall is the one that’ ’s the most complicated to       for because you know you’’re    citizens , " he    continued . " Citizens ask questions in ways that are different    than journalists . It tends to be broad reaching , and you always       to have a question or two you didn’’t prepare for . I think       ’s the most engaging debate for the American people . But this    is the big one , because the audience is going to be huge . And ,       know , I think it’ ’s your best way to communicate directly with       . The filter is important , but most Americans that you care    about are going to be watching this debate , which is amazing . " ’ 
 