WASHINGTON   —    It was a golden year for Rudolph W. Giuliani , a mad dash that would take Rudolph W. Giuliani to 11 countries on four continents , and by the time 2006 was done , earn Rudolph W. Giuliani $ 16 million   —    a princely sum compared with the $ 7 , 000 Rudolph W. Giuliani claimed to have in 2001 , when Rudolph W. Giuliani went through a divorce . With salaries from a law firm and a consulting firm , and most of all $ 10 million from 108 speeches Rudolph W. Giuliani delivered to audiences around the world , the lucrative year of 2006 will now , along with the rest of Mr. Giuliani ’s career after Mr. Giuliani tenure as New York ’s mayor , be getting a new round of scrutiny if Mr. Giuliani is nominated as secretary of state by    Donald J. Trump . The blitz of activity by Mr. Giuliani in 2006   —    speaking to Wall Street banks oil , gold mining and pharmaceutical companies and investor groups in Japan and Singapore   —    is public because the next year , he Mr. Giuliani a campaign for president and had to file a financial disclosure form . But that public ledger offers the most detailed look at just how Mr. Mr. Giuliani to become so wealthy after he left Mr. Giuliani , with assets worth tens of millions of dollars , including homes he now Mr. Giuliani in Palm Beach , Fla. the Hamptons and New York City . Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani and travel that year and in the decade since were often related to business deals he was pursuing Mr. Giuliani or even standing agreements he had reached Mr. Giuliani like one with backers of the dissident Iranian political party known as the Mujahedeen Khalq , which until 2012 was considered a foreign terrorist organization by the State Department . They offer a backers of the dissident Iranian political party known as the Mujahedeen Khalq, which until 2012 was considered a foreign terrorist organization by the State Department map of sorts to the kinds of potential conflict of interest questions that are already emerging as Mr. Giuliani ’s name is floated as a possible Trump cabinet member , particularly given that Mr. Trump repeatedly Trump Clinton , his Democratic opponent , Trump the many speeches she and her husband Hillary Clinton after Hillary Clinton left public office . " When she left , she Hillary Clinton $ 21 Hillary Clinton 6 million giving speeches to Wall Street banks and other special interests in less than two years   —    secret speeches that she does not want Hillary Clinton reveal to the public , " Mr. Trump said in June . " Together , she and Bill made Hillary Clinton 153 million giving speeches to lobbyists , C. E. O.s and foreign governments in the years since 2001 . They totally own her she and Bill and that Hillary Clinton never change . " In particular , Mr. Trump criticized Mrs. Mr. Trump speeches to Wall Street banks . But Mr. Giuliani , in a    period that ended in January 2007 , earned $ 750 , 000 in speaking fees   —    before the 20 percent cut taken by the speakers’ agency   —    for eight speeches he gave to Wall Street Mr. Giuliani and other major financial institutions , including JPMorgan Chase , Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers , before its collapse . As with Merrill Lynch Clinton , there is little public record of what Mr. Giuliani said during these events . Mr. Giuliani had rules about Mr. Giuliani remarks private , as a Mr. Giuliani " addendum " to which organizations that invited him to speak had to agree Mr. Giuliani clear . Mr. Giuliani stipulated that his remarks Mr. Giuliani be recorded , his remarks " general press or other media coverage " of the remarks be allowed without his explicit permission his remarks also had Mr. Giuliani elaborate demands , Mr. Giuliani that if he traveled by private plane , it Mr. Giuliani a Gulfstream IV or bigger , a plane that costs about $ 40 , 000 for a    trip within the United States . Some members of the Senate , which will hold hearings and vote on his nomination if Mr. Trump selects him Mr. Giuliani are already saying they want Mr. Giuliani learn more about Mr. Giuliani ’s Some members of the Senate, which will hold hearings and vote on his nomination if Mr. Trump selects him in the years since he left City Hall . " I ’m concerned Mr. Giuliani’s about conflicts of interest on the part of prospective members of the administration , in every role , " Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , said when asked about Mr. Giuliani ’s business ventures since he left office Mr. Giuliani’s that concern is well justified Mr. Giuliani’s terms of the backgrounds of some of the potential nominees that have been discussed . " Mr. Giuliani , in an interview this week , defended his Mr. Giuliani’s he left office , saying he had been open Mr. Giuliani’s his dealings he left office and foreign Mr. Giuliani’s or political parties , Mr. Giuliani’s the Iranian group . " My ties to them are completely open , " Mr. Giuliani said . Mr. Giuliani certainly kept up a feverish pace Mr. Giuliani’s one month alone Mr. Giuliani’s , he gave 20 speeches . From 2001 to 2008 , the year he ran Mr. Giuliani’s president , he was on the road as much as 200 Mr. Giuliani’s a year , according Mr. Giuliani’s Anthony V. Carbonetti , a former New York City Hall aide . " Every time I Mr. Carbonetti a different city , " Mr. Giuliani’s Carbonetti said . For most of those trips , he had a standard speech that mixed a retelling of leadership lessons outlined in Mr. Giuliani’s book and memories from the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Mr. Giuliani’s ultimately earned him the nickname " America ’s mayor . " " I heard it so Mr. Giuliani’s times , I could have given the speech , " Mr. Carbonetti joked . One area of particularly focused travel was Asia . Mr. Giuliani formed a partnership with Sage Capital Growth a standard speech that mixed a retelling of leadership lessons outlined in his book and memories from the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, which ultimately earned him the nickname "America    investment Mr. Carbonetti was exploring business opportunities in Japan . Mr. Giuliani ’s disclosure form showed a $ 300 , 000 speaking fee for one event in November 2005 , the largest single fee on the form , Mr. Giuliani speeches given over a    period . Mr. Giuliani was separately retained by Mark Advent , a Las    casino developer , to help him with his attempt to build a resort and casino in Singapore . Mr. Giuliani personally presented parts of the plan to Singapore ’s authorities in hearings during an arduous review Mr. Giuliani . Mr. Giuliani of Mr. Giuliani ’s most frequent employers as a speaker Mr. Giuliani , a company that arranges " executive education Singapore around the world . In 2006 , he made eight speeches Mr. Giuliani company and was paid $ 550 , 000 ( his booking agent kept 20 percent of that ) . At least three times , in 2003 , Mr. Giuliani and 2006 , Mr. Giuliani was to be among the featured speakers at HSM Mr. Giuliani Business Forums , along with Bill Clinton . The speeches that have drawn the greatest scrutiny are those he gave from Mr. Giuliani last year at events organized by the Mujahedeen Khalq , a dissident group of Iranians that holds a rally in France every year to draw attention to the persecution Mr. Giuliani its members by the government of Iran . Mr. Giuliani was paid for " three or four " speeches he delivered to the group , said Robert G. Torricelli , a former senator from New France who served as a lawyer for Mr. Giuliani E. K. as the group is known , as it Mr. Giuliani to be removed from a State Department Mr. Torricelli rousing speeches the group these annual rallies condemning Iranian leaders and the Obama administration for Mr. Giuliani them . " The ayatollah must go , " Mr. Giuliani yelled , referring to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the supreme leader of Iran , as thousands stood and cheered him . " Gone , out , no more , " he said , adding that Mr. Khamenei and other leaders of Iran Iranian " be put on trial for crimes against Iranian leaders and the Obama administration for the thousands and hundreds of thousands of people that they have killed . " Paul S. Ryan , a vice president for policy and litigation at Common Cause Mr. Giuliani a nonprofit group that examines special interest influence in politics Mr. Giuliani said there would be no legal prohibition on Mr. Giuliani Iran moving from being paid by the group to a government job . But he still found it troubling . " Mr. Khamenei and other leaders of Iran would reasonably question his fitness for this political appointment given that he received payments from supporters of this organization , and these are matters he would be charged with dealing with as secretary of state , " he said . Mr. Torricelli said that Mr. Giuliani had agreed to give the paid speeches because Mr. Giuliani supported the group ’s message , and that he had Mr. Giuliani his time to participate in negotiations in Mr. Giuliani to help prevent further attacks on Mr. Giuliani the group who were then Mr. Giuliani in Iraq . Mr. Giuliani ’s work earned him a spot on Mr. Giuliani lists of Mr. Giuliani    speakers in the world , just one spot below Mr. Clinton in Mr. Torricelli ranking the group instance in 2006 , Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani 100 , 000 for Mr. Giuliani at Oklahoma State University . Mr. Giuliani’s with the university , which the world , laid out what appeared to Bill Clinton standard demands beyond a fee . Besides the requests related to air travel , Mr. Giuliani’s team required a sedan and an S. U. V. and an extra S. U. Mr. Giuliani’s for luggage when he traveled to other countries . His room tastes were specific : a " large Mr. Giuliani’s nonsmoking suite with a    Mr. Giuliani’s , on an upper floor , with a balcony and view if applicable . " He required four more rooms on the same floor for security and staff . Eric Mr. Giuliani’s Money , who led the speakers bureau at Oklahoma State University at the time Mr. Giuliani visited the campus , said Mr. Giuliani ’s speech to students and faculty Mr. Giuliani’s the university ’s basketball arena had focused on leadership and Sept. 11 . Mr. Money said the fee was high , but he did not recall hearing complaints . " Mr. Giuliani Bill Clinton was getting at the Mr. Money afterglow of his     fame , Mr. Giuliani could certainly ignite large rooms . Mr. Giuliani Bill Clinton dozens of events Mr. Giuliani Ziglar , a motivational speaker . Mr. Ziglar ’s daughter , Julie Ziglar Norman Mr. Giuliani traveled with her father in those years , said Mr. Giuliani Bill Clinton crowd favorite , along with her Mr. Money and Colin L. Powell . " I Mr. Giuliani’s always loved what he had to say , " Ms. Ziglar Mr. Money " It was always very Mr. Giuliani . And he Mr. Giuliani’s just beloved . That ’s the best way I can describe him . " 
 Mr. Giuliani’s Mr. Giuliani’s her 