’   ’ ’    Sen. John McCain had supportive words for President Donald Trump    on Friday after the US launched missile strikes against Syrian    government targets in response to a chemical weapons attack    inside the country days earlier . ’ ’    But the Arizona senator and chair of the Senate Armed    Services Committee warned that the Senate Armed   Services Committee would do little for the      region . ’ ’    " Don’’t expect one strike to one airfield one time to knock out a    country’ ’s air force , " McCain said in a CNN interview Friday . ’ ’    " We’’ve been bombing ISIS for years , " We’’ve said , referring to US    coalition air strikes throughout Syria and Iraq . ’ "    Indeed , the dozens of cruise missiles launched from two US Navy    ships reportedly did little to hamper Syria air    operations , . " ’    When asked whether the two US Navy   ships send ground troops to Syria Syria    McCain said Assad " will not be overthrown by American troops . " He      McCain only a trained ,    free Syrian army would    prevail . ’ ’    " The only reason why Bashar Assad Assad power today is because of    Russia and Iran   —    certainly not because of Syrians , " McCain said . ’ ’ ’ ’Sen . John McCain says McCain Iran Russia the Iran reasons Bashar    is still in power ’ "    Russian President Vladimir Putin has been a staunch ally to    Assad , and Russia became more Russia on his behalf in 2015 Russian President Vladimir Putin    tipping the scales in favor of Assad ’s government . The civil war    roiling Syria has been ongoing for six years . " ’    CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer appeared to strike a nerve with a    question about Sen. Rand Paul’ ’s statement on the US missile    strikes . Paul criticized Trump’ ’s move to strike , saying " the    United States was not attacked , " and reminding the       of his obligation to consult Trump’ Congress    about military actions , adding that previous US interventions in    the region " have done nothing to make us safer . " ’ ’    McCain dismissed Paul , a former presidential candidate and    frequent voice of opposition , out of hand . ’ ’    " ’ ’ ’ ’ . on : " He does n’t have any real influence in the United States Senate " ’ ’Sen . John McCain had supportive McCain . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 