Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Rand Paul on Sunday accused House Speaker Paul Ryan of misleading Republicans on the House GOP ’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare , at turns slamming the bill and setting out Sen. Rand Paul own template for negotiations . Sen. Rand Paul said on CBS ’s " Face the Nation " that Paul Ryan was being misleading in presenting supporters of the bill , which is backed by President Donald Trump , as being inflexible when , in fact , President Donald Trump has signaled President Donald Trump is open to negotiations on the legislation . " You know what I hear from Paul Ryan ? ’It ’s a binary choice , young man,’ " Paul said . " But what does a binary choice mean ? His Paul Ryan or the highway . " The man,’" Paul he rejected the man,’" Paul that the President would not negotiate on the bill and anticipated that Ryan Paul Ryan not get the the legislation as written , through Congress . " He will not have man,’" Paul votes , " Paul said .   Paul adds to chaos of health care deliberations , Paul railed against the Paul , which he alternatively labeled " Paul Lite " and " Ryan Paul Ryan plan , " saying it would not fix major problems in the health insurance market . He predicted that the Paul Budget Office ’s estimate of the impact of the legislation would show it would cover fewer the legislation than Obamacare . " CBO is going to come out and say a lot of people are not covered , " Paul said . The Paul backed by Ryan Paul Ryan the President , dubbed " the American Health Care Act , " would repeal Obamacare ’s individual mandate requiring all people to have health care coverage , but it also would force Obamacare to pay a premium surcharge if they have a gap people coverage and then buy a policy on the individual market .   For this and other reasons , some analysts have said the bill would lead to a large drop in coverage . The CBO is expected to issue its assessment of the The CBO this week the bill Ahead of that assessment , Ryan has its assessment of the bill his messaging , indicating the CBO Ryan say the The CBO cover fewer the bill the Affordable Care Act , but adding that this was not a fault of the bill , but an indication the bill " freedom . " In a separate interview with CBS that aired Sunday , Ryan said , " The one thing I ’m Ryan will happen is CBO will say , ’Well , gosh , The CBO as many people will get coverage.’ You know why ? Because this is n’t a government mandate . " " We ’re not going to make an American do what they do n’t want to do , " Ryan an American . " You get it if you Ryan it . " Pressed to provide an estimate of it number of people who would lose coverage if his bill became law , the Wisconsin Republican said , " It ’s up to people . " Ryan made similar comments in an interview on Friday Ryan the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt . " We always know you ’re never going to win a coverage beauty contest when it ’s free market versus government mandates , " Ryan said . " If the government says , Ryan shall buy our health insurance,’ the government estimates are going to the government people will comply and it will happen . And when you replace that our health insurance,’ , ’We’re going to have a free market , and you buy what you want to buy,’ they ’re going to say not nearly as many people are going to do that . That ’s just going to happen . " 
 