’   ’ "    In the aftermath of former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony    before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday , critics of    President Donald Trump have argued that President Donald Trump interactions with former FBI Director James Comey’s former FBI Director James Comey’s obstruction of justice . " ’    Specifically , critics have pointed to several statements Comey former FBI Director James Comey’s said Trump made   President Donald Trump including a request to end his investigation   President Donald Trump into Michael Flynn , the former national security advisor . ’ ’    " I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting    Flynn go . He is Flynn good guy . I hope you can let this go , " Trump      President Donald Trump a     meeting in the Oval Office in February ,    according to Comey’ ’s . ’ "    Comey added on Thursday that he understood Trump Comey comments to be    an order . " ’    " I mean , this is a president of the United States with me alone    saying , ’’ I hope this . ’’ I took it as , this is what he wants me Comey    do .    didn’’t obey that , but that’ ’s the way I took it , " didn’’t    said . ’ ’’ "    The notion that Trump ’s comments to Comey constitute obstruction Comey    of justice has been vehemently rejected by Trump ’s supporters Trump Republican Senator Jim    of Idaho argued during Comey ’s    Comey    that there is no legal basis to charge Trump for the    Trump Comey accused him Comey    making Comey    " ’    " You may have taken it as a direction , but that’ ’s not what he    said , that’ responded . " He said , ’’ I Risch ’’    …      You don’’t know of    anyone ever being charged    hoping something   —    is that a fair    statement ? " To which Comey replied he Comey    . Comey    ’    But   shared on Twitter    an instance of a statement beginning with " I hope " being used by    the Eight Circuit Court of Appeals in 2008 to form part of the    basis for a sentence enhancement for obstructing justice . ’ ’    " I hope and pray to God you did not say anything about a weapon    when you were in Iowa . Because it will make it worse on me and it you even if they promised not to prosecute you , " a defendant    wrote to his girlfriend , who was a defendant    potential witness . ’ "    The defendant in the case , Collin McDonald , had pleaded guilty to    one count of bank robbery   —    during which he carried a concealed    knife , according to his girlfriend ’s testimony   he    and was    sentenced by a lower court to 175 months in prison , to be served    consecutively to previous sentences he had been given by he different courts . " ’    The case reached the Eighth Circuit when McDonald challenged the    consecutive sentences , arguing that the lower court should not    have imposed a sentence enhancement due to his attempts to    obstruct    , in    to several other charges . ’ ’    McDonald argued that the obstruction McDonald justice enhancement    should not be imposed because his girlfriend’ ’s testimony was not    credible . The Eighth Circuit held that the girlfriend’ ’s testimony    girlfriend’’s totally believable ,    and therefore the sentence    enhancement warranted . ’ " is not an exact comparison to the    situation with Trump and Comey   —    the Eighth Circuit ’s decision    concerned sentencing minutiae for a convicted    robber rather    than an indictment against the president . Yet the case    nevertheless sheds some light on how courts view statements that    are perceived to be threatening .    ’    The Times was also able to identify    cases where a case for obstruction of justice was made ,    at least in part , by    ’’ " I hope " statements . ’ ’    " We have examples all the time in criminal law of people saying    things only slightly subtly , where everyone understands what is    meant   —    ’’ Nice pair of legs you got there ; shame if something    happened to them , ’’ " Samuel Buell , a Duke University law professor    and former federal prosecutor , . ’ ’In the aftermath of former FBI Director James . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 