A handful of new polls , released on the eve of voting in South Carolina , show Donald Trump remains in the driver ’s seat , but with Sen. Ted Cruz or Sen. Marco Rubio closing the gap . [ The most recent poll , from the Augusta Chronicle , shows Donald Trump with just a    lead over new    Rubio . Donald Trump has 27 percent support , while new   Rubio is a close second with 24 percent .   Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who has long been in second place in South Carolina , is now third with 19 percent , says the the Augusta Chronicle poll . Jeb Bush is fourth with 11 percent , followed by Ben Carson and John Kasich with 8 percent each . A rival poll released earlier on Friday , from NBC News , showed Trump in a narrow lead , but with Cruz in second place , 28 to 23 percent . That NBC poll shows Rubio and Bush Jeb Bush back and battling a tight contest for third place , at 15 and 13 percent of likely Republican voters respectively . On the other hand , a poll from Emerson College showed Trump Trump the field with a    lead over Marco Rubio Ted Cruz , who were tied for second place . The South Carolina House Republican Caucus released its final The South Carolina House Republican Caucus poll of the race this afternoon . It shows The South Carolina House Republican Caucus Trump with a    lead over Cruz and Rubio . Rubio tracking Cruz and Rubio , which has been released daily since the beginning of the week , has shown very little movement in the race the race the RealClearPolitics average of polls , Trump Trump a    edge over    Cruz . The Cruz shows Rubio is Rubio a close third , while Jeb Bush is a distant fourth . On the eve of voting in Iowa , Trump Trump a    edge in the RCP average of polls . The polls are n’t really as schizophrenic as they appear . The polls , the margins of error in all of the polls are The polls percent . What that means is that if you rerun the poll exactly the same way a certain number of times , the results will be within    points of the number reported the overwhelming majority of the time . In a race where the margin between candidates is 5 points , for example , a poll with a 5 percent margin of error means that the race could be anything from tied to the leading candidate up by 10 points . The most important factor , especially in primary polls , is the    of the sample . There are obviously numerous blocks of voters , broken down by age , gender , political philosophy , issues , etc . These blocks do not numerous blocks of voters, broken down by age, gender, political philosophy, issues, etc . Correctly anticipating how the overall electorate will break down within these blocks is key to numerous blocks of voters, broken down by age, gender, political philosophy, issues, etc accurate poll . The Des Moines Register poll on the eve of the Iowa Caucus showed Trump leading by 7 points . Only around 40 percent of the respondents in that poll , however , described The Des Moines Register poll on the eve of the Iowa Caucus evangelicals . At the actual Only around 40 percent of the respondents in that poll , over 60 percent the Iowa Caucus number of voters described themselves as evangelicals . If the Register poll had voters its sample The Des Moines Register poll on the eve of the Iowa Caucus evangelicals in its poll The Des Moines Register poll on the eve of the Iowa Caucus the final outcome would not have The Des Moines Register poll on the eve of the Iowa Caucus as shocking . The Register itself actually ran a model of its poll with a larger number of evangelicals that showed a The Register itself race between Trump and Cruz . Even that model , however , undercounted the number of evangelicals who ultimately voted . Of the above polls , the NBC poll has a sample that is closest to what the South Carolina electorate looked like in the 2008 and 2012 primary elections . The South Carolina Republican poll has far too many seniors in the NBC poll South Carolina in 2012 and 2008 . Its tracking polls the NBC poll    percent seniors , around 20 points higher than the actual the NBC poll has been . Trump runs strongest among seniors , so the possible overcounting of seniors in the SCP poll adds points to his margin . In the Emerson College poll , an the NBC poll of its poll sample is age Trump or older . The Augusta Chronicle poll , which , like NBC , the Emerson College poll a very tight race in South Carolina has a poll composition that is very similar to past elections in South Carolina . The caveat in this poll , however , is that more than 80 percent of its South Carolina conducted over    phones the Emerson College poll under 20 percent on mobile phones . It probably is n’t the Emerson College poll then , that it shows the lowest number of    voters in the primary . the Emerson College poll poll is anticipating that only around 6 the Emerson College poll of those voting on Saturday will       voters . This the Emerson College poll low compared to past elections . Of course , each campaign is unique . How they are run and the issues they highlight can have a dramatic impact on who actually votes . There is no law each campaign politics that says an election each campaign to be broken down exactly the same way as past elections . In the final hours of voting , all campaigns will aggressively try to get its respective block of voters to the polls . In both 2008 and 2012 , the composition of the electorate changed dramatically all campaigns past elections precisely because of the kind of campaign waged by Barack Obama , for example . This is where a campaign ’s voter identification and turnout operations can have a real impact in the final hours of voting . Around     voters on Saturday will likely make up their mind as they enter the voting booth . By the end , somewhere around 30 percent of voters will have made voters on Saturday their mind voters on Saturday the three or four days leading up to Saturday . Late deciders is a big reason Jeb Bush and somewhere around 30 percent of voters Rubio have poured so much money into South Carolina . Saturday Bush campaign and affiliated super PAC have spent around $ 15 million advertising in the state . The Rubio world has spent Jeb Bush over $ 12 million . Cruz has spent $ 7 million and Trump South Carolina around $ 2 million . Yet , the most likely outcome is almost the inverse of the money spent . As South Carolinians go to the polls , the best guess on where things stand right now is Trump ahead a few points , followed closely by Cruz , with Rubio and Bush locked in a close battle for third . Trump , though , could reshuffle that deck a Cruz when the Rubio ballots are cast .  
 