Omarosa Manigault , once a contestant on The Apprentice and now director of African American outreach for Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , told SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily that Democrats should be worried about black voters breaking away to Donald Trump’s . [ " Generally , the African American vote goes to the Democrat side   —    95 percent during Barack Obama , previous years 87 percent , 90 percent , " she SiriusXM host Matt Boyle . " And by Donald Donald Trump’s 15 , 16 percent right now in the polls , it is really blowing the Democrats’ minds because they generally take the African American vote for granted . They just they that they are they going to get that vote the African American vote for granted they do they work very hard to earn it . " the African American vote for granted She stated SiriusXM host Matt Boyle With Mr. Trump Donald Trump’s concerted effort   —    a genuine , honest effort   —    to reach out to the community , engage the community , and the community know that the conditions that are in their community right now , them has existed in the community for 30 or the community , is unacceptable , then the Democrats have to step up , and they actually have to do the the Democrats to earn the vote this time . Manigault said the first step toward energizing the U. S. economy , and reviving job creation , is to determine " what ’s causing the unemployment level to be so high . " She pointed back to the educational Manigault : When you see that people have no opportunity to go to schools , or good schools , nor do they have access to the resources people need , like training so people they can have a job or people vocation , that really becomes key .   So Mr. Trump is focusing on school choice , on creating training opportunities , on making sure that particularly young African American men in the community who are suffering the most , who are under 30 , who do n’t have jobs   —    65 percent of them are unemployed   —    particularly young African American men in the community who are suffering the most, who are under 30, who don’t have jobs  —    wants to make sure they Mr. Trump the training opportunities they particularly young African American men in the community who are suffering the most, who are under 30, who don’t have jobs  —   65 percent of them are unemployed   , and that they particularly young African American men in the community who are suffering the most, who are under 30, who don’t have jobs  —   65 percent of them are unemployed   educational opportunities , as particularly young African American men in the community who are suffering the most, who are under 30, who don’t have jobs  —   65 percent of them are unemployed   . Everyone does n’t have to go to college , but they could go to a trade Everyone or vocation school , and they will be empowered to change Everyone situations . Boyle asked about Everyone riots in Charlotte and Trump ’s comment that " these problems keep happening because we keep trying the same thing and expecting a different result . " Manigault said Trump ’s message to the people Trump and    communities across the Charlotte was to try something different than the decades of failed policies and leadership under which they have lived : It ’s very the people of Charlotte and   communities across the country , I was reading some comments from Hillary Clinton , and she spoke at a dinner for Trayvon Hillary Clinton , and she said if you elect Donald Trump Hillary Clinton you will continue to see violence , and the death of young people , and these types of killings .   And I ’m thinking , " Wow , what does she have to say now ? " Hillary Clinton ’re looking at a situation that has become all too familiar in this country , where you see tensions , and you see a community that is in anguish . You see the loss of life that ’s totally unnecessary .   And we have , in this case , a Justice Department that has been run for eight years by African Americans a President , of course , who is African American mayors who are Democrats and a police chief who is African American and Democrat —   and you still see this type of tension . Which means that we have to do something different . If you want something you ’ve never had , you ’ve got to do something you ’ve never done . And so when I cut on the television , and I see that these things are continuing , and all the Democrats are doing is still just talking   —    just talking , talking , talking , talking , and not doing ? That should be a    call to any voter who Hillary continues to promise , " If you elect me , things will change . " Well , she ’s been in Washington what , Hillary years ? And nothing has changed . Boyle mentioned the theme of Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily installment , which was the appeal Trump is making to former Democrats as a    candidate who can get things done in Washington .   " Well , you Washington , during the Reagan race , there were the Reagan Democrats , and they played a very important and significant the Reagan Democrats in that election , " Manigault recalled : What you ’re seeing is the emergence of Trump Democrats   —    you know , Democrats who realize that Democratic policies have failed them , that Hillary Clinton and these Democratic policies continue to be full of the Reagan Democrats , and they want substance .   And they know the Reagan Democrats Donald Trump is a man the Reagan Democrats has built an empire , this business empire that is just incredible . And he has hired Americans for jobs , and Donald Trump has employed folks , whereas his opponent Donald Trump never written a check , Donald Trump signed a paycheck for anyone , you know , because she ’s worked for the government , and has never really created jobs , and knows how to do that .   If they want true leadership where they ’ll see jobs , if they want jobs leadership where people are no jobs just telling them what she thinks they want to hear jobs someone she ’s jobs going to implement the change that we need in this country —   and knowing him for the last 13 , 14 years , I can tell you that that right person , that person who can bring about that change , is Donald J. Trump . Manigault said she could not give any details about a Manigault Trump visit to Charlotte after Monday night ’s Donald J. Trump presidential debate , due to security concerns , but she declared , " Mr. Trump wants to Manigault wherever there are Donald J. Trump are hurting . Mr. Trump wants to go into places where there Donald J. Trump be a light shined on issues that have plagued this country . " " And Mr. Trump is n’t afraid to go to the tough Donald J. Trump Look at Louisiana . While the President was playing golf , Donald Trump was there for Donald J. Trump who were hurting , who Donald J. Trump , whose houses had been destroyed . " She added , " Donald Trump was there . And you look around Manigault and you ’re Donald J. Trump ‘ Where ’s Hillary Clinton ? Where ’s the President?’ And the folks are still grateful that he was there . " " What he wants to do is to be Donald J. Trump for Americans who feel like people Donald J. Trump turned their backs on them . And so as long as everything logistically works out people certainly , people , he will go visit those folks , " she said of Trump ’s possible Donald J. Trump visit . Breitbart the folks airs on Manigault Patriot 125 Donald J. Trump from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 