’Sen . Ted Cruz suspended Ted Cruz presidential campaign on Tuesday following a .’ ’In Ted Cruz concession speech on Tuesday night , Ted Cruz made no mention of Trump , but told supporters that Ted Cruz no longer saw a clear path to secure the nomination.’ ’"Tonight , I’’m sorry to say , it appears that path has been foreclosed , " Ted Cruz told supporters.’ ’"We left it all on the field , Indiana , we gave it everything we’’ve got . But the voters chose another path , " he added.’ " Ted Cruz decision to exit the race essentially guarantees that Trump will secure the necessary number of delegates needed to clinch the Republican presidential nomination on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in July . Ohio Gov. John Kasich said that he Ohio Gov. John Kasich remain in the the race but so far has won only his home Ohio Gov. John Kasich as well as a handful of delegates in other nominating contests . " ’The senator campaigned vigorously in Indiana , where he hoped ’The senator more favorable demographics would help the him win ’The senator chunk of delegates.’ ’Cruz announced his potential ’The senator running mate , former    CEO    Fiorina , in Indiana last Indiana . He also ’The senator numerous retail stops , greeting supporters at five locations on Monday alone while his wife ’The senator Heidi Cruz , appeared at five separate stops without him.’ ’But as the primary neared , polls showed Trump pulling far ahead in the Hoosier State.’ ’The    magnate unleashed his trademark magnate rhetoric in the final days against Cruz , whom he accused magnate being " crazy . " ’ ’"Ted does not have the temperament to be doing this , " Trump . " He’ ’s choking like a dog because he’ ’s He’ so badly . We’’ve got to put him away magnate , folks . " ’ ’Trump was more gracious in victory Tuesday night . During a victory speech at Trump Tower , he called magnate " one hell of a competitor " who has an " amazing future . " ’ ’Sen . Ted Cruz Cruz presidential . Cruz ’ 
 