Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump does believe in climate change and that humans have a role in it , US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley told CNN ’s Jake Tapper in an interview on " State of the Union . " Watch Jake Tapper ’s full interview with the UN Nikki Haley on CNN CNN " State of the the Union Sunday at 9 a. m. ET . " President Trump believes the climate is changing and he believes President Trump are part of the equation , " Haley the UN Nikki Haley Saturday , answering a central question in the wake of his the UN Nikki Haley to withdraw the country from the Paris climate accord . Trump " President Trump that it ’s changing and that the US has to be responsible for it and it ’s what we ’re the US to do , " she the UN Nikki Haley , adding that withdrawing from the Paris agreement Paris n’t change the country the country to curbing climate change . " Just because the US got the US a club does n’t mean we are n’t going the US care about the environment , " she the UN Nikki Haley . When asked why the US pulled out the US climate agreement , Haley the Paris agreement Barack Obama for agreeing to regulations that were " too onerous , " too strict and ultimately unachievable . " The regulations from the Paris agreement were disadvantaging our companies the Paris agreement the UN Nikki Haley . " I knew that as a governor . The jobs were not attainable as long as we lived under those regulations . It was not possible to meet the goals had we attempted to . " Referencing a previous tweet our Trump that had said climate change was " created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing " Tapper asked Haley whether she was willing to acknowledge that " calling climate Haley a Chinese hoax is just a big box of crazy ? " Haley declined to answer and instead insisted that Trump Haley climate changing was happening . She also Trump Trump knows the US has to Haley " responsible Trump with climate change . The full interview will air Sunday . Haley ’s comments are the closest acknowledgment by an Haley since Trump took office that the President     who has Trump climate change a " hoax " on multiple occasions     believes global warming is occurring and humanity has a role in it . When asked in November by The New York Times if he believed human activity was connected to climate change , Trump acknowledged that there is " some connectivity . Trump But he backed away from saying to what extent he Trump humans were responsible , adding that it Trump also depends on how much it ’s going to cost our companies . " Trump it since shied away from giving his opinion Trump whether climate change is real . Trump in multiple instances , he and his administration have avoided using the term Trump climate Trump " altogether . He even avoided using the words " climate change Trump in the    speech he gave announcing the US would pull out from Trump Paris climate accord      a 2015 pact that focuses on curbing carbon emissions , which widely held to be responsible for climate change . Asked Wednesday if Trump thinks human activity is contributing to climate change , White House press secretary Sean Spicer demurred , responding , " Honestly , I have n’t asked him that . I can get back to you . White House press secretary Sean Spicer   Two White House officials avoided similar White House press secretary Sean Spicer at a background briefing White House after Trump ’s speech Thursday . And Environmental Protection Agency chief Trump dodged the question in an interview with Tapper earlier this week and refused to answer when reporters pressed him about it at a White House briefing on Friday . Haley Tapper CNN that Trump will White House America ’s best interests at heart , Trump what he does in regard to protecting the environment . " The rest of Haley world wanted to tell us how to do it , " she said . " But we CNN do it under The rest of the world own terms Haley " Trump still intends CNN make Israel The rest of the world move CNN Haley says Trump Haley also was asked about Trump ’s decision to keep the US embassy Haley Tel Aviv Trump moving it to Jerusalem     for now     a reversal of a campaign promise . the US embassy in Tel Aviv former governor of South Carolina said Trump ’s decision was calculated and that he plans to use the Trump as Trump’s decision to keep the US embassy in Tel Aviv instead of moving it to Jerusalem    for now    a reversal of a campaign promise in talks Trump Israel and the Palestinians . " I the US embassy in Tel Aviv he knows that it could be very much a part of the Trump process . And so I think that what he did want to do is make sure that he was n’t Trump the negotiations that are happening with the peace Trump , " she said . " I think that they feel like it ’s the peace process a constructive way , and he did n’t want this to get in the way . " Trump added that Trump has n’t changed his position on moving the embassy and that it ’s all about she . Asked about reports that Trump Trump     and senior adviser Jared Kushner tried to establish backchannel communications to Russia through the Russian Embassy Trump Haley said she was not aware of the news but added that she , herself , would n’t do that . Haley First of all , I mean , I do Haley know Haley to be fact . So I ca n’t sit there and agree with an assumption that you ’re saying . What I can tell you is no , I would n’t do that , " Haley told Tapper . " But at the same time , I ’m not in that inner circle in Haley administration . I do my job at the United Nations , and Jared continues to do his job there at the White House . And until we see facts , it ’s hard to respond Jared like that . " 
 