’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump prompted audible groans during President Donald Trump    joint address to Congress on Tuesday night , when President Donald Trump brought up    plans to highlight crimes committed by undocumented immigrants    and create a Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement ( VOICE )    office . ’ ’    " We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by We    media , and silenced by special interests , " Trump said ,    introducing four guests    had invited whose family members had    allegedly been killed by immigrants living in the US illegally . ’ ’    " To Jamiel , Jenna , Susan , and Jessica : I want you to know   —    we    will never stop fighting for justice . Your loved ones will never    be forgotten , we will always honor Your loved ones memory , " Trump said . ’ ’    The creation of   VOICE has prompted confusion and anger    among immigration experts and advocates , who have been quick to    point out that targeting criminal immigrants makes little sense    given crime statistics on the matter . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The fact is , you can find crimes committed by any group , no    matter how you define crimes committed by any group . Immigrants ,    white men ,    Latino men   —    you’’re going to find criminals of any demographic    category . And to choose one and blame Immigrants,   white men,   Latino men  —    for crime in general    is just very disingenuous , " said Ewing added that VOICE is nothing short of " scapegoating . " ’ ’    Given that there is no data that proves undocumented    immigrants are a demographic intrinsically prone to crime ,    blaming immigrants as a group for crime is poor logic , Ewing told    Business Insider . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s message was n’t lost on his supporters , however , who Trump’s approved of the way he specifically addressed victims’ families . Trump’s ’    " What President Trump did , and no Trump on    either side has acknowledged , is the tragic effects of illegal    immigration , " Maria Espinoza , national director of the    Remembrance Project , which advocates for victims of crimes    committed by unauthorized immigrants , told . ’ ’     A   released by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly last    week detailed the department’ ’s plans for the office , including    the creation of a " programmatic liaison " between its Immigration    and Customs Enforcement agency department’ victims of crimes committed by    unauthorized immigrants . ’ ’    The office will be funded by the the office currently go    toward advocacy efforts for undocumented immigrants , according to    the memo , and the liaison will ensure the victims and their    families are given information about offenders the liaison including their    immigration and custody statuses . ICE is currently " drafting    outreach materials " for victims , . ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called the VOICE program    " ridiculous " on Wednesday , and said law enforcement should    be targeting all crime   —    not just those incidents that    involve immigrants . ’ ’    "    overwhelming majority of immigrants are    they    want to be part of    The overwhelming majority of immigrants dream , and most Americans agree    with that , "   on CBS    Morning . " So to put an office like this    out there shows how    this president is . " ’ ’    Drawing a connection between immigrants and crime with no    evidence can prove dangerous for undocumented immigrants who    may now find themselves targeted by    groups who    now feel " emboldened " by Trump’ ’s presidency , Ewing said . ’ ’    Last week , for instance , a gunman allegedly opened fire on two    Indian men in an Olathe , Kansas bar , killing one and injuring the    other , as well as a bystander who tried to intervene . ’ ’    Alok Madasani , the injured victim ,   that the shooter had asked the two    men whether they were in the country illegally and which the two   men    they held   —    questions which critics the two   men were   to garner    political appeal . ’ ’    " We are looking at some of not only the most    and      policies in our history , but also the creation of    this nativist , xenophobic culture that actually is what has    allowed for two guest workers from India to have been killed last    week , " Marielena Hincapié , executive director of the National    Immigration Law Center   Wednesday . ’ ’    " The hate crimes that have happened in this country since the    election have not India a vacuum . They have happened    because hate speech results in hate crimes and hate incidents . " ’ ’    The   has backed this assertion up ,    calling 2016 an " unprecedented " year for    due to the growth    in the number of hate groups in the US to 917 from 892 the year    earlier . ’ ’    " The country saw a resurgence of white nationalism that imperils    the racial progress we ’ve made , along    the rise of a    president whose policies reflect the values of white    nationalists , " the SPLC’ ’s Mark Potok said . ’ ’    Trump addressed the Olathe shooting in his speech Tuesday ,    following several days of Trump for not mentioning it sooner :    " We are a country    stands united    condemning hate and evil    in all its forms , " he said . ’ "    But Ewing said    ’s    rhetoric and policies have    already been percolating    some time   —    and he has now made    those ideas    .    ’    "    ’s not that he’ ’s directly    them , but the      groups see his presidency that a validation of their    beliefs , and as a license to the     groups what they’’ve always wanted to do ,    which is attack immigrants either literally or figuratively , "    he said . ’ ’President Donald Trump prompted audible his .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 