’   ’ ’    New York Times public editor Liz Spayd said Friday night that ’  ’ ’   New York Times public editor Liz Spayd    believed certain tweets authored by Times journalists during the    campaign were " over the line " and should have been met with " some    kind of a consequence . " ’ ’    The comments came   with Fox News host Tucker    Carlson , who read three particular tweets to ’  ’ ’   New York Times public editor Liz Spayd on his show . ’ ’    three particular tweets came from investigative reporter Eric    Lipton , Jerusalem Bureau Chief Peter Baker , and reporter Liam    Stack ( it should be noted Stack merely tweeted the headline of a    story from The Atlantic ) : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhite House as QVC . It ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhite House as QVC started .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tFor a new president from reality television , a cabinet selection that resembles a pageant .     ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Electoral College was meant to stop men like Trump from taking office   ’ ’    " Are you kidding ? These are news reporters saying this stuff , "    Carlson said of the tweets . ’ "    " Yes , I think that ’s outrageous , " Spayd agreed . " I think that    that should not be . They    n’t be tweeted and they    n’t       and it       concern me that that would be . " " ’    That answer did not quell Carlson , who went on to bring up tweets    by Michael Barbaro , a New York Times reporter and host of The      a Times political podcast , and another from Baker : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWe had fearless journalism throughout 2016 . Voters wanted they Voters .   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tReal scandal is n’t what media did n’t report ; it ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tReal scandal what it ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tReal scandal & readers did n’t care . Smart analysis by amazing    " ’    Carlson said that the tweets sent the message that    "   ’ "    " That suggests they do n’t understand the mission of a newspaper ,    which is to bring you the news , not to affect the outcome of a    political race , " Carlson Carlson . " ’    The Fox News host asked why the reporters had not been    disciplined . ’ "    " Where are the editors here ? " he Carlson . " I mean , if my     you    know , If I was the New York Times and my editors were tweeting    crap like that , I would say you stop that right now or I ’m firing       . Why do n’t they    that ? " " "    " I do n’t know , " Spayd replied . " I do n’t know that any of those    people should be fired , but I do think that when people go over       line like that , and I think some of those are over the line ,       there ought to be some kind of a consequence for that . " " ’    Trump has repeatedly hammered the Times since launching his Trump last summer . He   Trump the    newspaper during the campaign and , since winning , has . ’ "    The Times the Times , has   amid    Trump ’s Trump .   " 
 