The signals sent by the Super Tuesday Republican primaries could n’t be more muddled . There were good signals for everyone . [ Donald Trump did great   —    not quite as well as [Donald Trump could have done , but not as badly as [Donald Trump    scenario . Ted Cruz won in Texas , and almost as importantly , can point to victory in the closed Oklahoma primary as evidence that Ted Cruz wins when only Republicans are allowed to vote   —    exactly the kind of talking point Ted Cruz wanted to come away with . Marco Rubio substantially    Marco Rubio polls , while Trump performed somewhat below Marco Rubio , which is all the evidence " Marcomentum " needed to keep rolling along .   Considering how deeply and seriously the Republican electorate is divided , that seems like an appropriate outcome . With John Kasich determined to stick it out until Ohio , and Ben Carson determined to stick it out until Ben Carson laundry is done , the stage is set for a decisive battle on March 15   …      unless the electorate is so contentious that the electorate gives everyone just enough support to slog onward to the brokered convention that seemed so improbable a year ago . Here ’s a look at some of the stronger gusts blowing from the spin rooms on Wednesday morning : Trump was damaged by Trump worst news cycle to date : Trump boosters , in particular , will point to Rubio boosters man ’s performance above Trump poll numbers as evidence Trump has slipped after the pounding Trump took at the last GOP debate , and the ensuing rough news cycle : # Rubio‘s night vs. the polls : MN : + 14VA : + 10OK : + 5AR : + 2VT : + 2GA : + 1 . 5TN : + 1AL :   : 0MA :   . 5 , How ’s that lousy ? # SuperTuesday ,   —    Nick Jacob ( @nicktjacob ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio himself talked about this on Tuesday night , encouraged by exit polls that showed ) March 2, 2016,  Rubio himself doing well among late deciders : " Just five days ago , we began to unmask the true nature of the    so far in this race . Five days ago , we began to explain to the American people that Donald Trump is a con artist . And in just five days , we have seen the impact it is having all across the country . we are seeing , in state after state , his numbers coming down . we numbers going up . " Cruz can also say his did better than the last round of polls suggested , and his has much more impressive claim to actually winning states than Rubio does : Cruz had a better night than expected    5 % higher votes than polls and three wins and Huge Texas    still long shot but compelling ,   —    Charles V Payne ( @cvpayne ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Trump was n’t damaged all that much : Conversely , Trump Trump can say their Trump supporters took his Trump beating of the primary , shrugged it their candidate , and still won seven out of eleven states , capping off the evening with a very impressive victory speech that was either degraded or enhanced by the amusing body language and facial expressions of Governor Chris Christie standing behind him Trump    Sure , people are making fun of Christie Governor Chris Christie standing behind him Twitter , but anyone who thinks all that attention is an absolute minus for Trump has n’t been paying much attention to his Trump style . Every viral video clip of Christie Governor Chris Christie standing behind him like he Trump regrets whatever he Trump for dinner is also a viral video clip of Trump Trump , and he Trump his Trump very well . Analysts who confidently declare Trump Trump wounded are n’t taking his Trump , and their Analysts who confidently declare Trump fatally wounded with both corrupt Washington and the Republican Party leadership , seriously enough . They Analysts who confidently declare Trump fatally wounded tired of being dismissed , marginalized , and taken for granted   —    that ’s the point of the Trump Trump . If Rubio and Cruz can find an effective way to reach out to them Rubio and Cruz instead of just bashing Trump Trump they Rubio and Cruz have a window of opportunity over the next two weeks .   Rubio Rubio drop out and pass the baton to Cruz Cruz Of course , many Trump Trump would say there ’s no way for Marco Rubio reach out to them . many Trump supporters either many Trump supporters n’t trust him personally Rubio after the Gang of Eight immigration fiasco , or they loathe many Trump supporters GOP Establishment , and he ’s Rubio the Establishment lane . Trump voters will dismiss even his most Rubio crafted appeals as trickery . Many of them are Trump voters serious about staying home , or going third party , instead of voting for the Establishment the GOP Establishment Establishment has the GOP Establishment to blame for the GOP Establishment . Cruz is    to win over Trump voters , with some who do n’t really like him willing to at    trust him more than Rubio    He ’s done playing    with Trump to woo his Trump , as    by his fiery Super Tuesday    , but he did n’t get    the juvenile    that makes Trump supporters roll their Trump and dismiss Trump supporters as a desperate Rubio punk .   Cruz also has a better chance of winning the primary outright , especially if Rubio ends up losing Rubio home state of Rubio . Cruz is already hitting Cruz point in the spin rooms , and making a " strong play for Florida " that could Florida Rubio ’s wings and Rubio defeat Cruz needs .   Cruz Cruz drop out and Cruz Rubio , because he polls Rubio against Clinton Cruz That ’s probably the most effective talking point for Rubio right now , but Rubio ’s obviously not much chance of Cruz walking away from his Cruz wins on Tuesday Rubio . Rubio is hammering the point Rubio Cruz has underperformed in Southern Cruz , and among evangelicals , which discredits his strategy for winning the Rubio . He went so far as Rubio Tuesday a " bad night " for Cruz because he did n’t Cruz the Rubio Tuesday states , as his campaign once boasted it Rubio do . Rubio claims to be the party most injured by other candidates remaining in the race , and could make a fairly plausible case that John Kasich cost him Virginia . By implication Rubio Cruz is so disliked by Cruz and Rubio voters   John Kasich    Rubio they have so little faith voters   his ability to win the Cruz election   —    that he would n’t be able Cruz effectively consolidate them into a winning coalition voters   Trump . Rubio ’s big challenge is Rubio he ’s trying to reverse Rubio " fizzle " narrative that ’s probably less than two weeks away from being chiseled in stone . It ’s not a good look for a candidate when Jake Tapper accuses him of being in denial Jake Tapper   Nobody should drop out , because they ’re all doing a Nobody job of forcing that brokered convention . This argument holds that since some of the supporters from each of the other candidates would flow to Trump , the best strategy is for everyone to stay in , and hold a 60 to 65 percent    parachute open until the Republican Party floats into a brokered convention . Trump has less than half Trump delegates awarded thus far , and only a little over a third of the popular vote . The idea is that upcoming     primaries could translate Trump ’s polls into a Trump thrashing that ruins his    narrative . However Trump those     races could also help Trump build a string of Trump state leads into an overwhelming pile of delegates . The     gambit is essentially designed to transform slim leads into mandates , so the Party looks unified going into the convention . It ’s the graveyard of the Party opposition . Rubio is especially confident that he can turn things around Rubio the     races ahead , especially if the other candidates drop out and make him the narrow     — Rubio basically the opposite of the argument that everyone should stay in , to keep the    vote alive . Candidates may think that way , but voters usually do n’t . Scenarios that assume large numbers of voters will follow complex strategies designed to force a brokered convention are likely to dissolve upon contact with reality . It ’s by no means clear that brokered convention would be in the best interests of the Republican Party . Quite the opposite   —    it virtually guarantees a Clinton It , because nothing will enrage Trump voters more than his historic    campaign ending Trump backroom deals that hand the nomination to some Establishment grandee   …      maybe even someone who was never part of the 2016 primary . That ’s the kind of finale that could fracture the Party for a generation to come . If and when a serious push for that brokered convention gets under way , Trump will argue the Republican leadership is actively trying to lose the election to Hillary Clinton , while he ’s the guy who Trump to bring the Party together and win the Party , win . You can already hear the speech in your head , ca n’t you ? Advocates of the brokered convention seem to assume that brokered convention , and most of Cruz Trump are either Cruz members of a personality cult , or brats throwing a tantrum who will come to their senses when it ’s time to rally against Advocates of the brokered convention Clinton   …      much as the Sanders Hillary Clinton glumly trooping back into Clinton ’s tent , as Clinton Bern is not felt Hillary Clinton   Republican Party has nowhere the Republican Party with its voters , or ability to buy the Republican Party by handing out government lollipops , needed for such a consolidation to occur .   It ’s over , and Trump won the Republican Party So says Ed Rollins at Fox News in Trump " game over " post on Wednesday morning   —    incorrectly Ed Rollins that Trump won " the vast majority of delegates " on Super Trump , when he his fiery Super Tuesday than half the total on offer , and less than Ed Rollins more than Cruz   —    but Cruz a good case that the Trump movement is for real , he ’s survived the hardest Trump he ’ll ever take , he ’ll Ed Rollins more effective as a party Ed Rollins unifier " than his Ed Rollins assume , and suggesting that in the future it might be Ed Rollins to let Chris Christie exit the stage gracefully after he introduces Mr. Trump . Dan Balz at the Washington Post agreed that Ed Rollins window for stopping Donald Trump closed almost completely Tuesday night , leaving the demoralized    Trump two weeks and no    strategy for denying the New York billionaire the Republican presidential nomination . " Balz    that Rubio is running third in Rubio states , and his boast of Dan Balz at the Washington Post almost Rubio Virginia depends on support from Virginia Beltway elite and their favorite suburbs , which is n’t a very impressive boast to the current Republican electorate . Cruz barely held on in Cruz favored electoral terrain , Cruz will have a tough time making headway in the Northern states . Balz pronounces the whole affair " nightmarish " for the GOP establishment , which has Dan Balz at the Washington Post reduced to deciding whether it hates Trump Trump . That Cruz going to put a smile on the faces of many Trump and Cruz supporters   … Cruz and smiling supporters are energized enough to keep Trump up at the polls . 
 