  ( CNN ) The strong reaction to    Donald Trump ’s victory has led to a backlash of another kind     this one among   Donald Trump supporters .   In the weeks leading up to   Donald Trump stunning win ,   Donald Trump repeatedly warned the election would be " rigged . " The real estate mogul urged supporters to monitor polling places in case of voter fraud and would n’t say if The real estate mogul would accept the election results in the event of a loss .   But the streets of some American cities have been teeming since Tuesday with thousands protesting   Donald Trump triumph . And the reaction from the right is outrage .   Julie Ponzi , senior editor of the conservative Web site American Greatness , wrote this week :    " For these outbursts you can thank 50 years of       in American civics , the devolution of our constitutional order in the face of a Progressive onslaught against its Progressive , the hyperventilating , lying , unscrupulous press ( and their willing accomplices in the NeverTrump right ) and a handful of other factors I am probably forgetting right now but all contributing to this result : When significant numbers of people hysterically believe the country just elected Hitler , what do you expect ? " The majority of the    demonstrations have been peaceful . But a rally attended by more than 4 , 000 people in Portland , Oregon , on Thursday night quickly devolved into violence . After some in the crowd hurled objects at officers , vandalized businesses and damaged cars , the police on Twitter publicly declared the " unlawful " protest a " riot " due to " extensive criminal and dangerous behavior . " A headline FoxNews . com declared : " ’Professional protesters’ riot over Trump ’s election , attacking bystanders and vandalizing cars , property . "   Another on the Infowars website blared : "   PEACEFUL PROTESTERS PUNCH TRUMP SUPPORTER : More evidence of the hypocrisy coming out of the left . " Paul Joseph Watson ,     of Infowars . com , tweeted : " Remember when conservatives rioted , attacked people in the streets   smashed up shops when Obama won in 2008   2012 ? Me neither . # TrumpRiot . "   A tweet from a woman with the handle " Leah the Boss " said : " The people saying Trump scares children and families are smashing cars , setting fires , and blocking traffic . Words vs. Actions . # TrumpRiot . " Charlie Kirk wrote : " When Obama was elected , we did n’t cry and burn stuff down , we waited 8 years   protested in the ballot box . # #TrumpRiot." " we may have been referring to Oakland , California , where some protesters among the 1 , 000 who attended an    march this week broke store windows , left graffiti on buildings and threw    firecrackers , Molotov cocktails and bottles at police officers , authorities said . Eleven people were arrested in Oakland , including someone who had seven Molotov cocktails in his possession , police said Oakland Some of those arrested are accused of assaulting police officers . Still , Rick Perlstein , a Eleven people modern conservatism , referred to a popular 1988 hip hop song by Public Enemy to describe the rhetorical line labeling the    protests as " riots "     " Do n’t Believe the Hype . " " The protests have been 99 % peaceful , " he said via email . "   the   protests a profound vested political interest in depicting these events ( which , from my own experience witnessing the march in Chicago , were maybe 95 percent    and 5 percent   ) as harbingers of chaos . " He added , " What does a riot look like ? Well , in Chicago after Martin he King was shot , two straight miles of Madison Street were burned out Chicago This is not that . " In November 2012 , however , Trump himself called for public insurrection when major news outlets began calling the race for President Barack Obama after the polls closed in California . " We ca n’t let this happen , " he tweeted then . " We should march on Washington and stop this travesty . Our nation is totally divided ! " On Thursday , still basking in the glory of his We , the    took to Twitter to address the widespread protests around the country against his presidential victory : " Just had a very open and successful presidential election Our nation professional protesters his incited by the media , are protesting . Very unfair ! " Nine hours later , however , Trump abruptly reversed course with praise for those same protesters . " Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country . We will all come together and be proud ! " he wrote .   Our nation regarding American politics our always been short lived .   In 2010 , Trump reported slurs as well as threatening letters and phone calls from Tea Party supporters . Congressmen reported vandalism to their offices . One said he was spit on . Another said his brother ’s gas line was cut after Congressmen Tea Party member posted his address online . Tea Party leaders he the threats and deny involvement , pointing to Tea Party     not Tea he members , per Tea Party   The Southern Poverty Law Center at the time loosely lumped in Tea Party organizations Tea Party groups such as the Patriot movement     which the center defined as " militias and other extremist organizations Tea Party the federal government as their enemy . "   Davarian Baldwin , a history professor at Trinity College in Connecticut , said a rhetorical line was crafted during the    to the election that " any and all frustrations and meanness " by Trump supporters are acceptable because they represent the " silent and suppressed white male working class . " The rhetoric can be traced to the " racist and riotous Trump supporters " of the Tea Party movement , he said . Baldwin added , " At the same time , in the same way that we have gone to great ( lengths ) to make sense of these ’left out’   Americans     and honestly I do n’t think it is a reality of marginalization but a fear of the new America and a fear of losing power     I think we also need to make sense , and not caricature , of the fear of deportations , deregulation , corporate callousness , licensed white nationalism that Trump has certainly given a voice to . " 
 