  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday Republicans plan to repeal President Barack Obama ’s health care law at the same time Republicans approve a GOP replacement plan . " Republicans want to do this at the same time , and in some cases in the same bill , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said during a town hall in Washington sponsored by CNN and moderated by Jake Tapper . " So Republicans want to advance repealing President Barack Obama’s health care law with its President Barack Obama’s health care law at the same time . " House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans are moving " as quickly as they Republicans " to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , but said House Speaker Paul Ryan does n’t yet have a date , and it a date take " a little bit of time " to do so . " We ’re working on this as fast as possible , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said , adding that the GOP will act " definitely within these first 100 days " of Trump ’s presidency . Ryan ’s comments align the speaker with    Donald Trump , who said at a news conference Wednesday that repealing and replacing Obamacare should happen " essentially simultaneously . " Some Republicans on Capitol Hill have urged more caution , however , as the party tries to find consensus on a plan to replace the law that has insured millions of people . At the outset of the town hall , Ryan did n’t say that the government has an obligation to insure every American .   " I clearly think there ’s a role for the government in health care , no doubt about it , " the Wisconsin Republican said . He the Wisconsin Republican that he the Wisconsin Republican elements of the health care law     including that " people with    conditions , no matter how much money they people with   conditions , " should have access to insurance . But , he the Wisconsin Republican , " The the health care law     collapsing , and so we ’ve got to rescue people . " Ryan faces a tough balancing act as he leads Ryan House at the outset of Trump ’s administration . He ’s Ryan to hold together an unruly set of Republicans that includes Trump loyalists who want to see the   ’s populist policies swiftly enacted , fiscal hawks who fret about the price tag of those policies and moderates still leery of the   . Meanwhile , Democrats appear set to deny the GOP even limited support on any major initiatives . Ryan , who waited weeks to even endorse Trump after Trump clinched Trump GOP nomination the GOP also now knows his party Trump electoral fate is largely tied to his ability Trump help Trump succeed Trump And he remains Trump to his own Trump much more detailed policy platform , years in the making . Ryan had long sought a Republican president to sign his entitlement Ryan and budget cuts into law     but had n’t counted on this Republican a Republican president you think that I should be deported?’ Ryan was Ryan    by a woman whose parents brought her to the US    an undocumented immigrant at age 11 , and who has remained in the country for 21 years since : " Do you think that I should be deported ? " " I can see that you love your daughter and you ’re a nice person who has a great future ahead of you , and I hope your future ’s here , " Ryan responded Ryan Trump has pledged to repeal Obama ’s executive actions that allowed undocumented immigrants brought into the country as children the country families to remain in undocumented immigrants country without fear of the country Ryan said Ryan are talking with Trump ’s transition team about those Trump and said Trump ’s focus is on violent criminals Trump a    border wall . " That ’s the problem he wants Ryan focus on . This is not the focus . And so what we have Trump’s focus is find a way to ensure that you can get right with the law , " he said Ryan " We have to figure out how to fix this , but to do that , people need to have confidence that our laws are being followed , people know who We coming and going and we need to have a secure border . " " What we have to do is figure out how to we a humane solution to this very legitimate , sincere problem , and respect the rule of law , " Ryan said . Tapper asked Ryan if Republicans would seek a law barring the Ryan government from using information submitted by those allowed to remain in the US through Obama ’s executive actions to deport those individuals . Ryan responded that though some fear a deportation force Ryan " it ’s not happening . " Tapper responded that Trump had actually talked of creating a " deportation force " on the campaign trail . " I know , I know , " Ryan said , laughing . " But I ’m Ryan to tell you , in Congress , it ’s not happening . " He did , however , take a hard line Ryan " sanctuary cities " that do n’t deport undocumented immigrants . " Sanctuary cities are a violation of the rule of law , and they are not to be tolerated , " he Sanctuary cities . " That means if you want Ryan assistance , you ’re not going to get it . You ’ve got to enforce the law federal assistance " Ryan said , referring to law adopt such Ryan . Russia , Ryan took a tough line on Russia , saying Ryan United States must " step up Russia game " and adopt a " stronger Russia engagement Russia , for sure , across the board Russia " " The fact that a foreign government tried to meddle in another government ’s election is wrong , " Ryan said , calling for stronger sanctions against the Ryan . He called Russia a " global menace Russia Ryan man who is Russia . " " Vladimir Putin does not share our interests , " Ryan said . " He frustrates our Russia . Ryan violates his neighbors . . Vladimir Putin He our interests democratic Vladimir Putin I Vladimir Putin think a lot of Vladimir Putin things that he is doing is to try to delegitimize the other democracies Vladimir Putin that his illegitimate democracy does n’t look as illegitimate by comparison . Vladimir Putin That ’s a contrast to Trump , who has praised Putin , the Russian president . The     acknowledged at the Wednesday news conference that he thought Russia was responsible for the hack but blamed poor cybersecurity The     the Democratic National Committee and said Putin would n’t take such actions under a Trump administration . Ryan The     he believes intelligence     including a    summary of unverified claims that Ryan operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Trump     that CNN exclusively reported was presented to Trump and Obama last week     " has been politicized . " Trump     Still , he defended the intelligence community , saying of Trump : " I Ryan he ’s going to learn that there Trump     a lot of good Ryan and women in the intelligence community who risk their lives to keep us safe . " But , in a nod to Trump ’s complaints that some news organizations published the uncorroborated details , Trump     : " I completely understand why he ’s frustrated that eight , nine days before his inauguration , this Ryan gets thrown out there . " CNN has Ryan published or aired any of the uncorroborated details from the memo . Planned Parenthood , The speaker was pressed at the town hall on the GOP ’s push to block Planned Parenthood from receiving federal health care dollars for services provided to women Planned Parenthood organization provides abortions     even though abortions are not covered by taxpayer dollars . " We do n’t want to commit taxpayer funding for abortion , and Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider , " he said . Tapper pressed Planned Parenthood noting that existing law blocks taxpayer dollars from Planned Parenthood abortions . Planned Parenthood , Ryan argued , " money ’s fungible , and it effectively floats these organizations . Ryan He said Republicans would rather shift those dollars money’s fungible and redirect Planned Parenthood ’s patients Ryan those dollars     to federal community health centers . " Planned Parenthood n’t have these controversies those dollars     centers , " he said . The vast majority of federal money that Planned Parenthood does receive funds preventive Ryan care , birth control , pregnancy tests , and Planned Parenthood ’s health care services .   Trump on Twitter , Ryan said he does n’t expect Trump to get off Twitter when he moves into the White House     and he Ryan n’t know how Trump on Twitter   ’s social Twitter use Trump on Twitter affect foreign and domestic policy . " Trump on Twitter think he ’s going to keep doing this , and I think he ’s going to be probably a little Trump on Twitter restrained in his tweets probably , but it ’s all Trump on Twitter , " Ryan said . " But I do believe Trump on Twitter ’s been extremely effective for getting elected president , I Ryan got to tell you . He was it to touch and tap into people ’s hearts and minds . " Ryan joked about his Trump on Twitter viral sensation     when a congressman ’s son left the Wisconsin Republican confused with Ryan Cam    Ryan in a photo with the speaker . " I actually do know what a dab Ryan , " he said to laughter . But , he said , the young man was dabbing incorrectly . " I Ryan he was sneezing . " 
 Ryan Ryan Ryan 