  ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions said this week Attorney General Jeff Sessions was amazed that a judge in Hawaii could block President Donald Trump ’s executive order halting immigration from several majority Muslim countries . Sessions made the comments in an interview with " The Mark Levin Show " Tuesday evening that was put online Wednesday .   9th Circuit will hear travel ban suit in May , " We ’ve got cases moving in the very , very liberal Ninth Circuit , who , they ’ve been hostile to executive order halting immigration from several majority Muslim countries , " Sessions said . " We they a case in Virginia recently that was a    order that just demolished , I thought , all the arguments that some of the other people have been making . We they confident that the President will prevail on appeal and particularly in the Supreme Court , if not the Ninth Circuit . So this is a huge matter . I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his the President of the United States and Constitutional power . " Last month , a federal judge in Hawaii , Judge Derrick Watson , issued an order that blocked Trump ’s ban on travelers from several    countries . The Department of Justice is currently appealing the decision .   In tweets on Thursday , both Senators from Hawaii Hawaii to Sessions’ comments .   Justice The Department of Justice Ian D. Prior clarified Sessions’ remarks in a statement on Thursday . Thursday Hawaii Hawaii , in fact , an island in the Pacific     a beautiful one where the Attorney General ’s granddaughter was born , " he said the Attorney General’s granddaughter " The point , however , is that there is a problem when a flawed opinion by a single judge can block the President ’s lawful exercise of authority to keep the entire country safe . " In the interview on Tuesday , Sessions also added that judges should n’t " psychoanalyze " Trump when Trump was asked about potential judges Trump would appoint . " I think our President the President’s seen some of these really weird interpretations of the executive orders that he ’s put the President’s , I think he ’s more the President’s now that we need judges our follow the law , not make law , " Sessions said . " The judges do n’t get to psychoanalyze the President to see if the order he issues is the President . It ’s either the order he issues or it ’s not the order he issues I think that it will be real important for America to have judges in the model of Judge ( Neil ) Gorsuch and ( the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin ) Scalia , people who serve under the law , under the Constitution , not above it , and they are faithful to the law . the law it and they n’t it to remake it as they ’d it it they be . it Tal Kopan contributed reporting to this story . 
 