  ( CNN ) There are few creatures as uninspiring as the    actor . As a theater critic , I ’ve seen quite a few of them : men and women whose speeches run a bit too quickly off the tongue , whose performances seem to have been set in stone weeks before the curtain rises .   Hillary Clinton arrived at last night ’s presidential debate after five days sequestered for rehearsal in Westchester ’s Doral Arrowwood hotel Donald Trump , by contrast , kept up Hillary Clinton heavy schedule of campaign rallies , and seemed keen to mock Hillary Clinton ’s    preparation . There was always a chance such a boot camp could backfire . Hillary Clinton already faces a struggle against Hillary Clinton reputation as the creature of    and professional politicians     a series of scripted statistics does n’t humanize anyone . Renaissance politicians knew this , and praised the art of sprezzatura , or " studied carelessness , " the display of casual genius . ( It ’s also a term for the star musician who implies he ’s never needed to practice . ) Unlike Clinton , Trump is all about Trump sprezzatura . Trump speech may seem unstructured , but His speech is thoroughly spontaneous , alive to the moment . By this third debate , Trump had even picked up Clinton ’s trick of the      a useful device in a    format . That Clinton emerged from this this third debate only    therefore , is largely down to the    nature of moderator Chris Wallace ’s questions .    lines may not suit a heated exchange of insults about infidelity , but they ’re lines when candidates are keen to show that they ’re candidates top of the minutiae of health care policy . It helped , too , that Clinton went first in the debate ’s opening question on the composition of the Supreme Court , allowing her to set out her stall her Trump ’s rhetorical peregrinations had a chance to derail her . her repeated her key her early and often : twice , we heard about the 33 , 000 Americans reportedly killed by gun violence each year . By contrast , Trump steamed Trump into trouble . The advantage of rehearsing lines is that you get to be sure the statements you ’re coming out with have basic internal logic     by the opening minutes , Trump seemed Trump be promising that he ’d Trump everyone one of his 20 Trump judges to the Supreme Court by the time he ’d Trump ’d term Trump One can only assume he has Trump advance information of a high death rate on the bench . Elsewhere , Trump proved Trump again that he is Trump rattled . Clinton played presidential for most of the evening , but she was Clinton to drop in a few careful slights at her opponent Clinton virility : it was noticeable that Trump lost Trump first after she accused Clinton of Trump choking " during a confrontation with Mexico and then when she labeled Clinton Moscow Trump " puppet " ( " no , you ’re the puppet Moscow’s "puppet" (" he replied Trump . It seems obvious by this stage of the campaign that Donald Trump ’s vision of the presidency is as the supreme expression of masculinity as I wrote elsewhere this week , " when you ’re a star they let you do it " is a star just his approach Trump sexual predation , but his subliminal Trump slogan . He has Trump himself in Trump particular play as the ultimate American " winner . " So it ’s no surprise that Clinton ’s insinuations of weakness and cowardice landed her strongest psychological blows . Trump stuck to his talking points Trump , if more haphazardly . The word " deal " cropped up in his speech 14 Trump during the    debate     his insistence on Trump as " one of the worst deals ever " was most obviously reminiscent of the sneering film criticism offered by one of the most popular characters on " The Simpsons , " the overweight comic book guy ( " Worst film evah " ) . At other moments , he sounded more Trump Al Capone running a protection racket ( " We protect Saudi Arabia . Why are n’t they paying ? ") But most of the time he was recognizably Trump Trump , reality TV star , the man who never saw a storyline that could n’t use more drama . Would he recognize the Trump of a Clinton victory ? " I ’ll keep you in suspense , okay ? " Even Trump , however , was more presidential , more prepared , than in any of his previous debates Even Trump If anything , he was just Even Trump predictable . The old lines about Clinton ’s long Clinton the Washington establishment     " she ’s been doing Clinton for 30 years "     are effective with the base , but now familiar . Similarly , Clinton ’s prep showed Clinton she tapped into themes her Clinton has already developed Clinton attack ads against her opponent . She moved Clinton to interweave Clinton chronology of those " 30 years of experience " with that of Trump ’s alleged mistakes , in a line clearly designed to echo a timeline feature already running on her website . Attacks on Clinton ’s treatment of illegal immigrant workers , or preference of Chinese steel were clearly levered in , but no less effective for it . The truth is that America saw two    actors take the stage . I started debate watching straight after seeing actress Rachel Weisz perform in New York , in a play called " Plenty " at the Public Theater . Official reviews for Weisz are n’t allowed out actress Rachel Weisz next week , but one thing can be safely said about the     comparison : neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have a tenth of the spontaneous sprezzatura of an Academy Award winner . Even if Donald Trump did become the Donald Trump presidential candidate to spend a debate insisting that he should have won an Emmy Donald Trump Yes , really . 
 