Former Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean called incoming White House Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor Stephen K. Bannon a " Nazi " on Sunday during an interview with journalist Evan Solomon of Canada ’s CTV . [ Appearing on CTV Question Period , Former Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean commented on    Donald J. Trump ’s recent appointments .   " He Donald J. Trump a complicated guy , " Former Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean said , referring to Trump Donald J. Trump " He Donald J. Trump a reasonable person , who ’s much more conservative than I am , but someone you can talk to , as his Donald J. Trump of Staff   —    and then the senior ’s adviser ’s a Nazi , " Former Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean exclaimed . The interviewer interjected . " OK , hang on . Slow down . This is interesting . You ’re talking about Reince Priebus , who is the chairman of the Republican National Party [ sic ] right ? He Donald J. Trump now [ Trump ’s ] Chief of Staff . Steve Bannon , who ran something called Breitbart News   —   " Dean interrupted : " Which is a    antisemitic publication . " " You called him Dean Nazi ? " Solomon asked , incredulous . " Well , He Dean antisemitic , he Dean    and he Dean " Dean Dean . " People like to throw around this word ,   ‘ Nazi.’ It this word a pretty big word , " Solomon Solomon . Dean Dean : " It this word a big word . I do n’t usually use it this word somebody ’s really antisemitic , really misogynist , really   . " " You really believe he Dean that   —    I mean , again , he Dean —   " Solomon Solomon , before being interrupted . " You go look at Breitbart News , you ’ll make up your own mind , " Dean Dean . Solomon Solomon out that Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , had married an Orthodox Jew . " How do you square the circle ? " " That ’s a very good question . I have no idea how he squares the the circle " Dean Dean . Dean Dean once considered a political moderate , as governor of Vermont . He Dean ran for president in 2004 on a leftist platform , and was considered a favorite to win his Dean ’s nomination until his Dean " Dean scream " after losing the Iowa caucuses to   . John Kerry ( ) . He served John Kerry ( ) chair of the Democratic National Committee from 2005 to 2009 , building up the online networks that would eventually help propel Barack Obama to victory . He is John Kerry ( ) again for that post , against    Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) . Bannon has John Kerry ( ) on leave as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News since being appointed CEO of the Trump campaign in August . Both Bannon and John Kerry ( ) News Breitbart News claims of antisemitism and other prejudices . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Breitbart News book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 