Kenosha , WI —    As new reports indicate that the Koch Brothers are furthering Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy by refusing to run negative ads against Hillary Clinton’s , House Speaker Paul Ryan will headline a lavish retreat hosted by the libertarian billionaires and the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce . [ As CNN reports :   The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch is ruling out running   intended to hurt Hillary Clinton’s , another sign of their Charles and David Koch on avoiding the presidential race . The The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch David Koch said they will not The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch Republican candidate Donald Trump , but on Saturday officials told reporters that they would not officials negative Clinton Hillary Clinton’s   …      Network officials outlined their plans here Network officials 400 of their donors prepared Network officials hear from a roster of Republican leaders . House Speaker Paul Ryan is among the politicians who scored invites to one of the nation ’s most    political retreats at a lavish campus nestled in the Rocky Mountains   …     Ryan will be House Speaker Paul Ryan here at the summit hosted by the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce . " " The Kochs are effectively indifferent between Trump and Clinton , " CNN writes , noting the Kochs’ strong opposition to Trump ’s " Trump first " positions on trade and immigration . Indeed , as both Bernie Sanders and Jeff Sessions have explained , the Koch brothers support " open borders " immigration policies that will drive down wages for American workers . Bernie Sanders has Bernie Sanders open borders " as a " Koch brothers proposal   Koch      which says essentially there is no United States . " " It would make everybody in America poorer   —   you ’re doing away with the concept of a nation state , " Sanders told Vox in Bernie Sanders interview last summer . Sen. Jeff Sessions has similarly explained that the Koch brothers are part of a " cabal " that is " deeply committed to a massive borders philosophy : " There ’s this cabal out there   …      The [ Paul ] Singers , George Soros , even the Koch brothers , Sheldon Adelson and others that are deeply committed to a massive open borders philosophy , really . I ’m not exaggerating when I say that . They fundamentally see that a worker in Bangladesh should be able to contract with a business in America and come here , and why should some government force say , ‘ No.’ I mean , that ’s their fundamental thing . They do n’t pay They to the values and how it impacts the American people . Paul Ryan has similarly articulated his support for the Paul Ryan    open borders philosophy . In fact , Paul Ryan has a Paul Ryan long history of pushing open borders immigration policies . As Conservative Review ’s Daniel Horowitz has explained , " There is nobody around in the party who is more fanatically dedicated to the cause of open borders than Paul Ryan . " In Paul Ryan Paul Ryan made the case for Paul Ryan national borders —    declaring that America is " more than our borders " and calling for an " open " immigration system where people from all over the globe can freely and legally enter the a country and take any U. America any firm limits . Paul Ryan is currently being challenged by Paul Ryan Nehlen in Wisconsin ’s August 9th primary . Nehlen has attacked Ryan for his longstanding support for the businessman Paul Nehlen in Wisconsin Paul Ryan ’s open borders businessman Paul Nehlen in Wisconsin agenda . Nehlen has also attacked Ryan for his support of the businessman Paul Nehlen in Wisconsin Pacific Paul Ryan agreement Paul Ryan TPP ) . Because Wisconsin has an open primary , both Democrats and Republicans Wisconsin vote in the August 9th Republican primary election . Reports indicate that this week Paul Ryan outspent Paul Nehlen on   by Paul Ryan to 1 . As the Journal Times reported : House Speaker Paul Ryan spent $ 192 , 000 Paul Ryan released Paul Ryan the Madison and Milwaukee markets , with another $ 25 , 000 for a corresponding radio   according to his campaign   …     Paul Nehlen , meanwhile , spent about $ Paul Ryan , 000 on cable and network this week Paul Ryan outspent Paul Nehlen on  by roughly 20 to 1 for an ad criticizing the speaker on immigration   …      The ad wars offer a glimpse into the major financial discrepancy between the incumbent and challenger . Ryan was flush with nearly $ 10 million in his campaign account while Nehlen had about $ 146 , 000 at the end of the Ryan 30 filing period this week Paul Ryan outspent Paul Nehlen on  by roughly 20 to 1 according to campaign finance records . Nehlen addressed the new reports that Speaker Ryan will headline the retreat for the    borders this week Paul Ryan outspent Paul Nehlen on  by roughly 20 to 1 . Nehlen said , " Ryan Ryan of the House , who should be running the this week Paul Ryan outspent Paul Nehlen on  by roughly 20 to 1 Party ’s strategy for this election , to be hanging out with the Koch brothers is further evidence that he is controlled by corporate donors , and puts corporations before country . " 
 Koch 