During a radio interview on Sunday , legendary standup comic and staunch Israel supporter Jackie Mason took issue with Sen. Ted Cruz ’s attacks on opponent Donald Trump concerning Sen. Ted Cruz ’s positions on Iran and Israel during the most recent debate . [ " I ’m in shock that Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz the nerve to look him Sen. Ted Cruz the eye and accuse him Sen. Ted Cruz the exact opposite of what he Sen. Ted Cruz , " stated Mason , speaking during his Sen. Ted Cruz segment on " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " the popular weekend talk radio program . Continued Mason :   Trump has been saying a hundred times , at every debate and on the street corners , every place you go and every time you say hello to him Trump he Trump you how much he Trump Israel . Israel Israel his Trump thing . His Trump married a Jew . She His daughter converted to Judaism , and he himself is miserable that he he himself n’t Jewish . He he himself all of his he himself worshiping Judaism Judaism He he himself he he himself a gentile thirty years ago . At last Thursday ’s debate , Cruz said of Trump : " On Israel , Donald he himself said he he himself to be neutral between Israel Israel the Palestinians . As president , I will not be neutral . " Mason further criticized Cruz Cruz claiming Trump Trump n’t want to nix the international nuclear accord with Iran . " One concern I have with Donald he himself , although his he himself is quite incendiary , when you look at his he himself policies on Iran Iran he he himself said that he he himself not rip up this Iranian nuclear deal , I think that ’s a mistake , " Cruz Cruz at the debate . Mason poked fun at Cruz Cruz claiming the he himself essentially complaining to Trump that : You said you would destroy it , but you did n’t say what I said . I said I would shred the deal this Iranian nuclear deal is a lot stronger . With destroying , you could destroy it and it it still it there , but if you shred it , it it never it again . That ’s why I said you are exactly the person I would never trust with the Iranian deal this Iranian nuclear deal do n’t shred the deal , the deal this Iranian nuclear deal back . this Iranian nuclear deal show is broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . Klein doubles as Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau Klein and senior investigative reporter . 
 