’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton has laid the blame on Hillary Clinton upset election    loss to Donald Trump on . ’ ’    ’ ’    " The Democratic Party failed to offer a compelling jobs    message for everybody , " Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo , an early    Clinton supporter , told Business Insider in a recent interview . ’ ’      Clinton " did win Rhode Island by a couple digits , " she   Clinton added . " But a lot of the areas that went for Trump in Rhode    Island are places where people are feeling like they’’re left    behind in this economy . And I think that as I’’m out and    about talking to Rhode Islanders , there’ ’s still a high degree of       about my economic future . " ’ ’    But while some Democrats   and   that prioritizes pocketbook    issues over identity politics , others point to data    suggesting a more complicated understanding of why Clinton failed    to win in the former Rust Belt states . ’ ’’ ’    An examination of the exit polls in   revealed that the economy was by far the most    important issue to votes . But those who reported the the economy their top issue those who reported the economy   as their top issue  —   at least in the abstract    —    —    at least in the abstract     —    believed that Clinton had a stronger message . ’ ’    In Michigan , 52 % of voters said the economy was the economy    important issue facing the country , "    Clinton won by 6 Clinton    among people who reported that the economy was the the economy    issue , while Obama only won on that issue by    3 most   important issue facing the country   ’ ’    In Pennsylvania , Clinton won by 4 points among   Clinton 56 % of    voters who reported that the economy was most important the economy facing the country . In 2012 , Romney won by 5 points    among the 61 % of voters concerned most about the economy . ’ ’    the economy were even more stark in Wisconsin . While about the    same percentage of voters said the economy was the " most    the economy facing the country " in 2016 and 2012   — the country % and    56 % respectively   —    Clinton won those voters by 11 points , while    Romney won on the issue by a single point in 2012 . ’ ’    Matt McDermott , a senior analyst at Whitman Insight Strategies ,    acknowledged that while Democrats " need to do a better    job " of connecting with workers concerned about economic and    personal finance issues , " it’ ’s not the    Hillary    Clinton lost this election . " ’ ’    " There’ ’s really no unifying ’’ big picture ’’ campaign fault that    emerges as the reason why she lost them , " McDermott said ,    referring Hillary   Clinton the three states . " In part    this is because these    three states were each handled in markedly different ways by the    Clinton campaign , and yet each was lost by an equally small    margin . " ’ ’    He added : ’ "    But while voters in    states had more faith in Clinton    in the these   three states they were more attracted to Clinton    aspects of Trump ’s voters in these states message , including his vehement    opposition to the    Partnership , his vague Trump to    bring back US manufacturing jobs and Trump companies that       jobs , and his criticism of immigrants living in the US    illegally . Trump ’    Exit polls themselves can be unreliable . Those that    survey early voters ’   Exit polls . And for those conducted    on Election Day , the exit polls   skew toward counties and precincts with higher    incomes and education levels . ’ ’    Yet the exit polls also offered other explanations for why voters    supported Trump over Clinton . ’ ’    Trump won overwhelmingly among voters in   and   who craved Trump change , " which voters in both    states said was , in the abstract , the most important quality they    sought in a candidate . ’ ’    " both   states don’’t live in a monocausal world   —    one answer will not    explain a phenomenon , " said Michael Traugott , a professor and    polling expert at University of Michigan . " Clinton did not    deliver a sustained economic message , and doing a better    on    that cold have helped here win across the country and    those    three close states . But it’ ’s also true that if she traveled there    instead of elsewhere , or advertised on Clinton , or if there had been    no Comey letter , etc . she could have done better as well . " ’ " Clinton Many top Democrats and some polling analysts long dismissed    Trump ’s early campaign boasts that he could carve a       electorate through the Rust Belt Trump’s And in the end , whatever the    cause , it came back to bite them . " "    In July , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti rejected the idea that    Trump ’s rhetoric and proposals on immigration will help him win Trump’s Rust Belt states . " ’    During   Trump’s conference call , he told Business Insider : " Millennials ,    younger Americans   Trump’s even those who are Gen X overwhelmingly    support immigration reform , even in the most working class ,    Midwestern , Rust Belt states . " ’ 
 