’’ " SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP )     Hillary Clinton overwhelmed Bernie Sanders in Puerto Rico ’s Democratic presidential primary on Sunday , putting Hillary Clinton within striking distance of capturing Hillary Clinton party ’s nomination . " ’After a blowout victory Saturday in the U. S. Virgin Islands and a decisive win in the U. S. territory , Hillary Clinton is now less than 30 delegates short of the 2 , 383 needed to win the nomination , according to an Associated Press count.’ ’"We just won Puerto Rico ! ¡ Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria ! " tweeted Hillary Clinton . As the race was called , Hillary Clinton was on stage on Sacramento , rallying voters in California.’ " The results were slow to arrive on Sunday , as officials counted ballots by hand and focused first on releasing results tied to the island ’s local primary elections , said Kenneth McClintock , Puerto Rico ’s former Democratic National Committeeman . " ’As the results from Puerto Rico trickled in , Clinton maintained a steady     lead over Sanders.’ " While Puerto Rican residents can not vote in the general election , the island ’s politics could reverberate into the fall campaign . Tens of thousands of Puerto Ricans have left the the island escape a dismal economy , with many resettling in the key electoral battleground of Florida . " ’Though Clinton Clinton Clinton much time campaigning in Puerto Rico , the victory is fraught with symbolism for her campaign . the fall campaign ago , with the presidential nomination slipping from her grasp , Clinton rolled through Clinton streets of San Juan on the back of a    truck , wooing voters to a soundtrack of blasting Latin music.’ ’She beat    Sen. Barack Obama with nearly 68 percent of the vote.’ ’’ ’"I’’m for Hillary , girl , " said     Candida Dones on Sunday as she cast her ballot Candida Dones on Sunday " Candida Dones on Sunday can’’t wait for a female president . She’ ’s one of us . She wears the pants She’ If we don’’t look out us our own interests , us will ? " ’ ’Both Clinton and Sanders spent Sunday in California , Sunday biggest prize among the five states voting on Tuesday . Clinton told an enthusiastic Clinton at Greater St. Paul Baptist Church in Oakland the country is " getting indifferent to the great toll of gun violence , " while Sanders made a series Sanders stops in Los Angeles before an evening rally in San Diego.’ ’"Sorry to disturb your brunch , " Sanders said at Hamburger Sanders ’s , taking the microphone during their " drag brunch " as disco lights swirled inside . " I just wanted to say that on Tuesday as you all know there is a very important Democratic primary here in California . And my hope is that everyone will stand up and make clear it is too late for establishment politics . " ’ ’While those watching the results in Puerto Rico focused on their impact on the ’ for the Democratic nomination , the focus of many voters on the island was its Puerto Rico crisis.’ " Puerto Rico Sanders and Clinton had pledged to help as the island ’s government tries Puerto Rico $ 70 billion worth of public debt the governor has said is unpayable . " ’’ ’"This is one of the most important political moments for Puerto Rico , " said Emanuel Rosado , a     Clinton supporter . " I’’m taking Clinton as a result of the economic crisis . " ’ ’Two weeks before the primary , Sanders criticized a rescue deal negotiated by U. S. House leaders and the Obama administration as having colonial overtones.’ ’In a letter to fellow Senate Democrats , Sanders said the House bill to Sanders a federal control board and allow some restructuring of the territory’ ’s $ 70 billion debt would make " a terrible situation even worse . " ’ ’He later promised to introduce his own legislation to help the ’He . Campaigning on the island last month , Sanders the island fight against " Sanders funds " on Wall Street that he said would profit off the Sanders crisis.’ ’"That bill is    and it’ ’s not in the best interest of Puerto Rico , " said Jorge Gaskins , a     farmer who supports Sanders and opposes a control board.’ Sanders has said she has serious concerns about the board’ board.’ ’Clinton powers , but believes the legislation should move forward , or " too many Puerto Ricans will continue to suffer . " ’ ’Among those voting Sunday was Democratic Party superdelegate Andres Lopez , one of the party insiders who can vote for the candidate of their choice at the summer convention . He had remained uncommitted , but said Democratic Party superdelegate Andres Lopez, one of the party insiders who can vote for the candidate of their choice at the summer convention he will support Clinton.’ ’Clinton has 1 Democratic Party superdelegate Andres Lopez, one of the party insiders who can vote for the candidate of their choice at the summer convention 807 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses ; Sanders has 1 , 516 . When including superdelegates , her lead over Sanders is substantial    the candidate of their choice , 355 Sanders 1 , 562.’ " With Lopez ’s endorsement , all seven of Puerto Rico ’s superdelegates have pledged their support for Clinton . " ’"It all seven of Puerto Rico’s superdelegates time to focus on squashing ’’ El Trumpo , ’’ " he sai’ ’SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP )     Hillary Clinton . .. ’ 
 