Thursday on nationally syndicated radio program , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to the hemming and hawing over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s refusal to say conservative talker Rush Limbaugh would accept the outcome of next month ’s presidential election , leaving open the possibility conservative talker Rush Limbaugh might think the outcome could be " rigged , " as conservative talker Rush Limbaugh has sometimes stated on the campaign .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh , however , pointed out it is Democrats that have been alleging the Russians are trying to " rig " our elections , which conservative talker Rush Limbaugh called ironic . Partial transcript as follows : Here ’s the irony I was referring to earlier .   I have n’t heard anybody say this .   What are the Democrats saying ?   You talk to Donna Brazile last night about the emails that prove that Donna Brazile was passing questions on to Hillary . " Those are stolen emails !   Those are emails delivered by criminals .   I know what it is to be persecuted .   I ’m a Christian woman .   You pick that stuff out of the gutter .   I ’m not answering that stuff . "   And virtually every explanation for what we are learning in the WikiLeaks document dump , they do n’t deny anything . What do they say ?   The Russians are trying to rig our elections .   The Democrats are the ones caterwauling and whining and moaning about rigged elections every day .   WikiLeaks , the Russians , Mrs. Clinton at the debate last night , " I have never seen anything like this in American politics , where a foreign government is attempting to sabotage our election , " dumping on the Russians for what ?   Trying to rig our election . So Trump says , " No .   I ’m gon na keep my options open .   I do n’t know what ’s gon na happen . "   The only sensible answer there is to that question the Democrats , the whole debate , prior to the debate , whining and moaning about rigged elections ’cause the Russians the Russians to screw ’em because the Russians are the Russians the Russians Podesta sent to everybody under the sun , so the Russians are what the Russians Trying to cheat .   Who is it that ’s alleging rigged elections ?   Who is it that ’s trying to it the truth coming out about them by blaming it on rigged elections Russians trying it rig the Russians the Russians It ’s our good buddies and it friends the Democrats and their fellows in journalism .   good friends mean , it ’s breathtaking to behold all it this . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 