  ( CNN ) North Korea has issued a forceful response to the deployment of a US naval strike group to the region , saying North Korea would counter " reckless acts of aggression " with " whatever methods the US wants to take . " In a statement provided to CNN by officials in North Korea , Pyongyang said the " current grim situation " justified its "   and    strike capabilities with the nuclear force at the core . "   " We will make the the US accountable for the catastrophic consequences that may be brought about by its    the US outrageous acts , " the statement a statement provided to CNN by officials in North Korea   The Pentagon sent the    USS Carl Vinson with an escort of a    cruiser and two destroyers after the latest missile test by North Korea last week . On Wednesday , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the deployment was routine . Speaking to reporters in Moscow , he said there Secretary of State Rex Tillerson " no particular objective " to its current course , adding that he " would Secretary of State Rex Tillerson read too much " into its recent deployment its the waters near the Korean Peninsula .   At the same time , the deployment is the deployment show of force , signaling to North Korea that the US military can operate at sea in areas where the regime might engage in ballistic missile operations or other military provocations , according to US military officials . But it ’s a signal the deployment limited military utility . An aircraft carrier would not be military significant in operations against North Korea because of North Korea of its fighter jets in North An aircraft carrier airspace . Some of the carrier ’s communications suites An aircraft carrier to command an operation if it came to that , but contingency plans have generally focused on US and South Korean commanders running any operations from shore . It is the destroyers and cruisers , as well as a    submarine accompanying the carrier , that could be called An aircraft carrier if there was an operation against a North Korean ballistic missile launch . But officials emphasized the US and Japan always maintain some    capability in the western Pacific prepared to deal with North Korea . The strike group has been at sea since January and conducted military exercises with other nations in the western Pacific , including Japan and the the western Pacific . The Japan group is now conducting some training with Australian The strike group also do additional training with Japanese forces as it heads further north , officials said . The Navy usually does The strike group discuss ship locations in detail before they arrive .   To some extent , US commanders are ensuring The strike group have the right assets and top level personnel on duty if US commanders is a North Korean provocation , given the rising rhetoric from the regime there . In another sign of US military concern , Gen. Vincent Brooks , the top US commander in South Korea , has decided skip    congressional hearings and remain in the country . " All decisions regarding the schedules of USFK leadership South Korea on our alliance priority to maintain readiness at all times , " said Col . Robert Manning , a US military spokesman . Even that move is not unprecedented , however . In 2013 , the US commander at the time also skipped congressional hearings due to tensions in the region . Complicated scenario   Carrying more than 5 , 000 sailors and 60 aircraft , the USS Carl Vinson is escorted by    destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the    cruiser USS Lake Champlain . The group ’s ships and air wing provide significant firepower and strike capability   destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the   cruiser USS Lake Champlain balancing the available military options with the potential of retaliation from North Korea presents a complicated scenario for President Trump . China     North Korea ’s closest ally     has pressed the US to engage in direct diplomatic negotiations with North Korea .   US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Sunday that Beijing North Korea dangerous North Korea ’s nuclear program has become and agrees action must be taken to stop North Korea’s China has n’t signaled any change in its approach to Pyongyang since a summit how dangerous North Korea’s nuclear program China and Chinese President Xi last week China US allies South Korea and Japan , which has seen previous North Korean missile tests fall within 200 miles of its coast , both supported the deployment of the Vinson group . South Korea said the group North Korean deployment was US allies South Korea and Japan, which has seen previous North Korean missile tests fall within 200 miles of its coast of the " grave situation on the Korean South Korea " while the Vinson group to secure the power of US deterrence . " The White House Japan a Japan task in convincing North Korea to give up its nuclear program , retired Gen. Michael Hayden , a former head of South Korea and National Security Agency told CNN ’s " New The White House . " " No matter what we do there is this move by North Korea to build missiles and put weapons on top of missiles , " Hayden said . CNN This South Korea they count on for regime survival . . .. The best we can do is box it where it is right now , " he said . " I do n’t think we can make them give up the program . "   it intercept , Many analysts believe Hayden movement of US warships is likely defensive we nature , they the stage for a scenario in which the Vinson strike group could be called upon to perform a missile intercept .   The three escort warships traveling with the Vinson have more than 300 combined missile tubes and are outfitted with the Aegis    system , according US warships the think tank Rand Corp. Vinson If North Korea were to test some number of ballistic missiles by firing them into the East    of Bennett test missile , " Bennett said . Intercepting a    rocket test passing overhead would send a clear message to Kim and would be justifiable as some number of ballistic missiles rockets would possibly be on course to pass over Japan , according to Peter Layton , a visiting fellow at the Griffith Asia Institute in Brisbane , Australia . " The Carl Vinson group is commanded from Hawaii , rather than the US military base in Japan , so it ’s a clear American Japan not a Japanese or South Korea one , " Layton told CNN . " That may defuse attempts to link Japan and South Korea and thus limit the possibility of any North Korean aggression against them Japan " While The Carl Vinson group carrier group has been deployed to the Korean Peninsula in the past , lawmakers are wondering how the US warships will be directed to respond Japan another South Korea missile test .    " Are we going to try to shoot Japan and South Korea intercontinental ballistic missile down ? Are we going to let the test go on unpaid on unimpeded ? Republican Rep. Will Hurd asked on CNN ’s " New Day . " North Korean are questions that should be asked of Congress . " Offensive strike capabilities , The Trump administration has floated the we of carrying out another North Korean missile test against North Korea , but the scope and method of potential offensive actions remain unclear .   The Vinson ’s air wing , made up of more than 40     Hornets , provides the offensive capability to attack enemy targets with bombs or missiles while the carrier ’s     Growler aircraft have the ability to jam enemy radars , disrupt enemy electronic surveillance and provide " cover " for attacking aircraft .   " A potential US strike , using aircraft from the Vinson , could range from a    strike against a single target , like a missile on a launch pad or the support equipment that makes a missile launch possible , to a broader set of military targets if the US meant to ’send a message’ that an ICBM ( intercontinental ballistic missile ) or atomic device test was not going to be tolerated , " Dakota Wood , an analyst at the    Heritage Foundation , told CNN .   But the Vinson strike group may not have the weapons to take out North Korea ’s nuclear assets , which are buried deep underground , Wood said . " I believe they Wood ) which could fly from Andersen Air Base on Guam , " he told CNN . On Tuesday , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was expected to attend the country ’s Supreme People ’s Assembly , a    gathering of the nation ’s leading political the Vinson strike group . The meeting comes days before North Korea celebrates the April 15 birthday of deceased leader Kim Il Sung , Kim ’s grandfather Wood amid CNN that Pyongyang will mark Pyongyang occasion with by testing missiles or possibly a nuclear device . 
 Kim 