California political insider James Lacey announced Thursday on Varney   Company that former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa has endorsed Donald Trump for President . [ California political director Tim Clark confirmed to Breitbart News that Issa former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa endorsed Trump .   Lacy made the first announcement of Issa former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa near the end of his appearance Lacy Varney ’s program : Issa advocated former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa Sen. Marco Rubio before the Florida senator dropped out of the presidential race . He was the Florida senator at a South Carolina campaign event for Sen. Ted Cruz months ago while in the area to stump for Rubio . Sen. Marco Rubio    Issa former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa stay in Sen. Marco Rubio race even the presidential race lost in Sen. Marco Rubio home state Sen. Marco Rubio pushing for a contested convention . Rubio indeed lost Sen. Marco Rubio and subsequently left the race . In the presidential race suggested that former House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa could be a repeat of former Rep. Todd Akin . Akin lost his bid for former Rep. Todd Akin after former Rep. Todd Akin gaffe about rape was blasted out in media reports . Akin had faced two challengers in the Republican primary , including Sarah    Sarah Steelman , but Akin won the Republican Senate former Rep. Todd Akin just a week and a half before the infamous statement . Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill tried to compare Trump to Akin last July with a former Rep. Todd Akin story about Trump and his   . Trump 2016 Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill candidate Jeb Bush had his own    with a Former 2016 presidential candidate Jeb Bush that Hillary Clinton seized on in an effort to advance the    War on Women narrative . House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan hit the airwaves Thursday to let the country know that he would not be supporting House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan at this time . Trump became the Republican Party Trump presumptive nominee after his closest competitor , Sen. Trump Cruz , dropped out of the race on Tuesday night . Cruz lost the Indiana primary election to Trump , leading the Texas Trump to leave the race . Ohio Gov. the race followed Cruz ’s lead and dropped out Cruz day . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 