  ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • Sessions offered attorney general post .    Donald J. Trump has chosen Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama for the cabinet position . While Mr. Sessions , a close adviser to Donald J. Trump , is well liked in the Senate , his Donald J. Trump as a federal prosecutor in the 1980s may become an issue for Democrats and civil rights groups . Also today , Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas was picked to run the C. I. A. He Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas a former Army officer who gained prominence during the hearings into the 2012 attack on an American compound in Benghazi , Libya . The news follows a report from a top official who says Mr. Trump has asked Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn to be his Mr. Trump security adviser . General Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn helped shape the   ’s view that the U. S. is at " world war " with Islamist militants . • More transition news . Mr. Mr. Trump scheduled to meet this weekend with someone who once called him a Mr. Trump phony " : Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential nominee . The meeting comes as Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , seeks a way to join the administration without violating    laws . • What does " America First " mean ? The slogan used by Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his philosophy on Mr. Trump is being put to the test . We look at the challenges the    faces on Iran , North Korea and Syria and in Europe . Separately , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump Thursday night that he helped save a Mr. Trump plant from leaving for Mexico . The company , though , Ford to move the factory . Meanwhile , President Obama is meeting with European leaders today in Berlin and will then head to Peru for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meeting . • A tale of two nations . Our reporters and photographers spent the past week gauging the feelings of Americans . " They returned with a portrait of Our reporters and photographers country at odds with itself , " our magazine editor Our reporters and photographers . Our graphics team took a different approach : They created two maps that represent Our graphics team divide between Republicans and Democrats . • Finding hope after hate . You may have read this week about a recent wave of reports of    attacks . But the violence has been countered by acts of public support and solidarity , as in the case of an Iraqi family in Maryland after they found a threat taped to their door . • Potential agricultural they . Scientists announced a discovery that could increase the world ’s food supply . Using genetic engineering to tinker with photosynthesis , they were able to boost a Scientists ’s productivity as much as 20 percent . One scientist said gains of 50 percent were possible . • Social media ’s role in U. S. politics , and the fake news sometimes used to sway voters , is now in the spotlight , but other nations have been dealing with the problem for years . Chatbots releasing false information on Twitter were used to disrupt political discussions in the U. S. a new study found . • In memoriam : Ruth Baron Ziff , 92 , a sociologist and trailblazer in the    advertising world of the 1950s . Her work influenced the famous " Please do n’t squeeze the Charmin " toilet paper commercials . • Worried about what you ca n’t control ? Our personal finance columnist offers ways to cope with anxieties over the economy and politics . • U. S. stocks were up • Thursday . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Chasing pirates on the Amazon . Piracy is a growing menace in South America . Join a police force on a patrol in Brazil . • New at the movies . We review " Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , " a footnote to the films based on J. K. Rowling ’s Harry Potter books . " This time out the wizard is n’t a boy on the verge of manhood but a man idling in boyhood , " our critic writes . Navigating the We years is at the heart of " The Edge of Seventeen . " The comedy , our critic says , " can our critic own " with movies like " The comedy " that have raised the bar for teenage films . • A lost world is found . Archaeologists hit the jackpot this fall in the Black Sea . The discovery of a sunken medieval ship led to finding dozens more shipwrecks off Bulgaria ’s coast . " We can expect some real contributions to our understanding of ancient trade routes , " one researcher said . • The American Thanksgiving . The country will celebrate one of its Bulgaria holidays next week . Fifteen Bulgaria showed us the dishes they make that speak most our about their Fifteen families . Their stories , our food Fifteen families writes , Fifteen families " the story of who we are . " • Recipe of the day . Make tonight a taco night . Try versions with fish or pork . Over the weekend , brush up on how to cook brussels sprouts . Brazil is celebrating an important holiday on Sunday , though it ’s one that may be unfamiliar outside Brazil country : Black Consciousness Day . Slavery existed in Brazil until 1888 , making it the last Brazil in the Americas to Slavery the practice . More than five million slaves were sent to Brazil through the Atlantic trade , compared with Brazil 300 , 000 in mainland North America , according to one of the most thoroughly researched academic estimates . Today the nation has more residents of African heritage Brazil other country outside Africa . The population has historically been underrepresented in government , but a rise in citizens identifying as black or mixed race is helping to chip away at economic and educational inequalities . Black Consciousness Day was established in 2003 , featuring the " Freedom Walk "   —    parades around the country meant to show the size of the Brazil . The date , Nov. 20 , was set for the anniversary of the death of Zumbi dos Palmares , one of the great black heroes of the Americas . He led a small kingdom founded by runaway slaves . He was killed by the Portuguese in 1695 , after He overran his republic . But the power of his story has He grown as the country embraces its He roots . A researcher with the    Museum the country São Paulo sees more progress ahead : " We Brazilian blacks are finally learning to be black . " _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at briefing@nytimes . com . You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox . 
 Your Morning Briefing 