On Wednesday , billionaire Mark Zuckerberg will hold a meeting with " leading conservatives , " embattled The Blaze head Glenn Beck , and former George W. Bush Administration official and    of Fox News Channel ’s The Five Dana Perino , at the website ’s Menlo Park headquarters to discuss Facebook ’s conservative media suppression and censorship scandal . [ Last week it was reported that " anonymous sources at Facebook ’s news team have confirmed to Gizmodo that , in addition to suppressing conservative news sources , Facebook suppresses stories about itself Facebook artificially promoting stories about the Black Lives Matter movement . "   In spite of this , Zuckerberg Facebook any wrongdoing , stating " we Facebook found no evidence that this report is true . " He Facebook instead planning to hold a session Wednesday where he Facebook essentially " pat conservatives on the head " with a    that is a direct testament to the fact that nothing has changed . It is also quite telling that he Facebook reached out to Beck , who is struggling to remain relevant in the conservative media sphere . Beck announced the meeting in a Facebook post on his Beck early Sunday morning . Beck Beck Perino will be joined by Arthur Brooks of the American Enterprise Institute , CNN ’s S. E. Cupp , and Mitt Beck former digital director , Zac Moffatt .   It is also important to point out that nearly every " leading conservative " listed above who has accepted and confirmed their attendance on Wednesday is part of the    or " Never Trump " movement . The move to invite from this school of " conservatives " flies in the face of Zuckerberg ’s claim of creating a diverse group for the discussion . One exception is Moffatt , who has stated his willingness to work with Trump . " Of course we would work for the RNC under Trump , Trump Moffatt said . Additionally , Facebook ’s Trending News chief , Tom Stocky , is a maximum political donor to Hillary Clinton . Breitbart News has also pointed out that of all the donations from Facebook employees , Clinton has Hillary Clinton the most . Beck has vehemently opposed Trump , Trump so far as calling him Hitler Beck but announced last week that " Donald Trump Trump to be the next president . " Beck , as Beck may recall , took the liberty of mocking Republican presidential frontrunner and billionaire Donald Trump last Trump a video where he smeared a bowl Beck    Cheetos crumbs all over his face . He Beck this after Beck a " farewell address " to his 40    employees Beck his replica Oval Office Beck   On Sunday , Beck reacted vehemently to Beck Drudge Report ’s observation that Zuckerberg invited    " conservatives " to his    and that Zuckerberg is to " Beck at Zuckerberg ’s feet " Zuckerberg Wednesday .   With Beck ’s The Blaze Beck imploding , the    meeting with Zuckerberg could not have Zuckerberg at a more opportune time . It could easily be the   meeting with Zuckerberg as a gift to Beck who is desperate Beck garner viewership and to increase his relevancy at a Zuckerberg when his stature is decreasing Zuckerberg In January , Breitbart News leapt to the # 12 spot in the world on Facebook , eclipsing other major news outlets such as CNN , the Washington Post , Yahoo ! and ABC News . This Breitbart News Facebook ’s attempts to game Facebook system against Breitbart . On Friday , Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and     Alexander Marlow penned an    outing Zuckerberg ’s " condescension , " stating that the media company would not be participating in a " pat on the head "    but that Breitbart ’s     of readers Breitbart expressed their interest in the following readers Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 