Although Barack Obama spent 20 years in a radical , racialist church with a pastor who asks God to damn America although Barack Obama is a supporter of the infanticide known as    abortion , bashes Christianity , and uses ObamaCare as a means to persecute Christians through the power of the state , Barack Obama longtime supporters at the Washington Post still write gushing articles about Obama Barack Obama and lash out harshly at those who do n’t vouch for the president ’s questionable faith .   Obviously , the Washington the Washington Post journalistic " standard on not questioning the faith of others , and punishing those who do , does not hold for Republicans . Monday morning , the very day of the Iowa Caucus , The Washington Post ran the Washington Post mocking Donald Trump for confusing the Communion plate with the collection plate while attending services Sunday at the nondenominational First Christian Church , in Council Bluffs , Iowa . Let ’s start with the Washington Post ’s headline , which the Washington Post supported by the Post ’s own story or source the Washington Post this case is the Associated Press . Donald Trump accidentally put money in the Communion plate at a church in Iowa , Obviously , had Trump laid a bunch Iowa bills on top of Donald Trump wafers , the Body of Christ , that would be a major blunder . If you read the Washington Post story , though , it says nothing about Trump doing anything other than you read the Washington Post story the bills out Donald Trump his pocket at the sight of the Communion plate Donald Trump Republican presidential contender Donald Trump has been looking for ways to reach out to evangelical voters before the GOP primaries . On Sunday , the businessman and his wife attended church services at the nondenominational First Republican presidential contender Donald Trump Church , in Council Bluffs , Iowa . But when the Communion plates were passed , Trump mistook the silver plates for the offertory , Republican presidential contender Donald Trump out several bills from his pocket , according to the Associated Press . Republican presidential contender Donald Trump , his wife and two staffers took Communion Republican presidential contender Donald Trump the Republican presidential contender Donald Trump reports . " I thought it was for offering , " he told staffers with a laugh . He contributed Republican presidential contender Donald Trump several minutes later when the offering Republican presidential contender Donald Trump were passed . The Washington Post headline does not appear to be true . The AP story used as the Washington Post ’s source AP the story , The Washington Post about " Donald Trump accidentally put[ting ] money in the Communion plate . " In fact , the AP source says specifically that Trump was confused " momentarily . " Trump , momentarily confused "Donald Trump mistook the silver plates circulated around the auditorium and dug several bills out of his pocket . If the AP ’s reporting is accurate , Trump, momentarily confused ’s error is one I myself would have almost certainly "Donald Trump his situation ( being a visitor in this particular church ) . Trump, momentarily confused a regular churchgoer for two decades now , my muscle memory is programmed to expect the collection plate before we take Communion . Moreover , only the collection plate is passed around at my church . We walk to the altar to take Communion , this particular church have probably we my confusion . What we have here is yet another example of the Washington Post revealing itself we a protection racket for Democrats and a smear machine against Republicans the Washington Post 
 