’   ’ "    Some of    Donald Trump ’s most loyal allies publicly    cautioned    this week against selecting Mitt Romney as    secretary of state . " "    The allies   —    Sean Hannity , Newt Gingrich , and Mike Huckabee   —    all    warned Trump about the possibility that Mitt Romney , the 2012    Republican presidential nominee , would not be loyal to Mitt Romney while    serving in the nation ’s top diplomatic post . " ’    Hannity , who seemingly supports former New York City Mayor Rudy    Giuliani for top diplomatic post , said on his former New York City Mayor Rudy   Giuliani for the post News program Tuesday night    that he former New York City Mayor Rudy   Giuliani for the post can not understand " why Trump would consider Romney in    light of the criticism he former New York City Mayor Rudy   Giuliani for the post on Trump Trump the campaign . ’ ’    " The one speech in particular , it was brutal , eviscerating Donald    Trump , " Hannity said , referring to an   Romney Romney during the    primary season . ’ ’    " Why would anybody think about bringing this guy in , and how    would you ever expect him this guy be loyal in light of how he this guy ? "       this guy . ’ ’’ ’    Gingrich agreed , suggesting on " Fox and Friends " on Wednesday    that the Gov. Romney go rogue if selected    for the position . ’ ’    " Gov. Romney wanted to be president , not secretary of state , and    you have to ask the question : When he goes overseas is Gov. Romney going    to Gov. Romney the    of state for President Trump , or is he going    to Gov. Romney Mitt    ’s own secretary of state ? " Gingrich said . ’ ’    The former House speaker said " there are a lot of other people    who are more qualified than Romney " who could serve as secretary    of state . He hinted when   The former House speaker    Monday that he favors Giuliani over The former House speaker for the position Romney ’ ’    Huckabee took things a The former House speaker further , saying on " Fox and Friends "    on Wednesday that Romney should have to Romney " to a microphone in a    very public place and repudiate everything he said " about The former House speaker    during the election season . ’ ’    Otherwise , the former Arkansas governor The former House speaker would be a real    insult to all those Donald Trump voters who worked really hard "    and were loyal to him as a    candidate . ’ The former House speaker    Romney    with Trump last weekend to The former House speaker a possible Trump    appointment as secretary of state . CNN reported Tuesday night    that Romney was   in such a capacity The former House speaker ’ ’    Trump was also considering Giuliani for the Trump    , but his    nomination may face a more Trump    being confirmed by the    Senate . Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , a Republican ,   Trump against selecting him    for the position . ’ 
 the position 