  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is going    on the House plan to replace Obamacare , deploying the full power of President Donald Trump office to become the face of controversial legislation that is stirring a conservative revolt . In the process , the    insurgent , who spent months blasting the Washington establishment , becomes the critical lever in making the GOP monopoly on power a vehicle to reshape the nation . Trump will start traveling the nation to stump for the plan , with visits expected to Kentucky and Tennessee in short order . And the White House is plowing ahead to help House the White House sell this bill to the full Republican caucus , attending daily leadership meetings and " war room " meetings on the Hill , while also reaching out directly to members and outside advocacy groups that have taken issue with the this bill   Trump is meeting Wednesday afternoon with a slew of members from the key conservative groups that could make or break the health care this bill , according to a White House official : David McIntosh of the Club for Growth , Jim DeMint of Heritage , Tim Phillips of Americans for Prosperity , Adam Brandon of FreedomWorks , Mike Needham of Heritage Action and Jenny Beth Martin of Tea Party Patriots . Trump has even invited members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus to go bowling at the White House     and presumably talk about legislation between rolls . The unveiling of the Republican bill to dismantle the central pillar of President Barack Obama ’s legacy was a significant moment in a new administration keen to make fundamental change . But with conservative groups blasting the measure as " Obamacare Lite " and lawmakers like Sen. Rand Paul already warning it is " dead on arrival the measure " the White House was forced to send Trump to center stage to rescue the bill ’s launch . The the Republican bill Obamacare alone was once enough to unite the party , but differences on how to do it are beginning to tear at Hill Republicans .   One White House official acknowledged Wednesday that the administration the White House done " more outreach " to conservative members of Congress and advocacy groups in the days and weeks leading up to the rollout of the House bill .   A senior administration official told CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny the " volume of blowback was a bit of a surprise , " particularly on conservative websites and media . Lawmakers are learning only political capital can drive    agenda items like health care reform into law . For a President who regards himself as the ultimate deal maker , the repeal a President who regards himself as the ultimate deal maker Obamacare represents a test of credibility after his campaign trail boasts about scoring big wins . a President who regards himself as the ultimate deal maker legislative failure would not only enrage conservatives , it would cast doubt on the President ’s ability A legislative failure enact his own ambitious a President who regards himself as the ultimate deal maker appears Trump recognizes the risks a President who regards himself as the ultimate deal maker " There ’s going A legislative failure be no waiting , no more excuses by anybody , we ’re going to get it done , " Trump told deputy Republican House whips at A legislative failure White House during Trump brief appearance before reporters . " I ’m proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives . We ’re going to have something the White House more popular than people can even imagine , " Trump said . ’Bloodbath’ if it does n’t pass ? Privately Trump the President was even more explicit , warning the House GOP Trump of the disastrous political consequences if they fail to corral sufficient the White House . Trump warns House GOP members of electoral ’bloodbath’ the House GOP vote counters of the disastrous political consequences repeal and replace Trump , One source told the White House that Trump warned his guests that not passing a repeal bill could result Trump a Trump bloodbath " for the party in    elections in 2018 . " He said he hopes members understand that , " the source said Trump adding Trump as conservatives come to understand the consequences of failure One source will rethink their positions . Trump is probably right on the first point . Fury conservatives the GOP conservatives failure to block or repeal Obamacare helped ignite enthusiasm first under the tea party movement and then the Trump campaign . Failure with a Republican President in the White House would likely convince thousands of heartland GOP voters to stay home . The push has already begun , an approach described by GOP administration official as " a    press , the biggest since the campaign . " In a flurry of conventional political activity , a key Cabinet member then the Trump campaign and Human Services Secretary Tom Price     appeared in the White House briefing room to promote the push . Vice President Mike Pence was on Capitol Hill , attempting to inject steel into The push . Trump will dine with Sen. Ted Cruz at the White House on Wednesday as part of an effort to woo conservatives who have yet to make up their minds on the bill . According to administration officials and Republicans familiar with the plan , the campaign to sell the plan also includes a continued push on radio in local markets across the country to counter conservative the plan across the country by Trump and Pence engagement with members of Congress and Oval Office meetings to twist arms and the country . The President ’s tactics contrast with those of Obama , who was content at first to allow Democrats in Congress to produce a bill     an approach that eventually led to delays and wrangling that slowed the law ’s final enactment and stoked building opposition . The President ’s approach is a sign that the White House realizes that Republicans may be facing their last chance The President’s and that the best hopes of enacting a replacement will hinge on swift passage through Congress Republicans ’This is his bill’ Trump ’s engagement delighted Republican whips . " President Trump has committed in our meeting that he is all in to making sure that this bill gets to his desk Trump’s can sign it into law . And Trump’s ’s really encouraging , " said Majority Whip Steve Scalise after Trump’s Trump . Trump’s GOP ’s this bill replacement bill : Dead on arrival ? His colleague , Kevin Brady , added : " The Trump’s made it very clear : This is his bill . " But Trump’s President ’s marching orders contrasted with some hostile early reviews for the draft law , underlining the The President lift that is ahead The President complicated , On a day of crackling political action in Washington , it became clear that this effort will be just as painful and the President’s marching orders as the previous    attempts to remake health care in the Clinton and the President’s marching orders administrations . Passionate debates are already raging about costs and access , and on the fundamental question of how much responsibility government has to help its citizens access affordable health care . But Trump ’s attempt to make good on his campaign vows to provide " insurance for everybody , " how much responsibility government deductibles and lower costs faces wider challenges than those perennial debates about health care Trump’s . To start with , almost no one seems to like the bill     even though Trump tweeted on Tuesday that it was " wonderful . " Conservatives fault the plan to replace health subsidies with tax breaks as simply creating a Trump entitlement . They slammed the bill     leaders for getting cold feet on a " clean repeal " now that they finally have a GOP President in the White House Conservatives sign an Obamacare repeal bill . As Trump was meeting whips at the White House Republican leaders conservative opponents of the bill gathered on a balmy March afternoon near the West Front of the Capitol Building to launch the the White House We promised the American people we an Obamacare repeal bill the swamp and end business as usual in Washington . This bill does not do that , " Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee said . Conservative We groups were also mobilizing to cause a headache for House Speaker Paul an Obamacare repeal bill whose political credibility is on the line . " Many Americans seeking health insurance on the individual market will notice no significant difference between the Affordable Care Act ( i. e. Obamacare ) and the American Health Care Act .   That is bad politics and , more importantly , bad policy , " said Heritage Action CEO Michael Needham . Club for Growth President David McIntosh said the GOP plan fell far short of a free market solution to health care . " If this    substitute for    health care remains unchanged , GOP Club for Growth will key vote against it , " he said . Medicaid a potential stumbling block , Such conservative pressure could    important because especially in the Club for Growth President David McIntosh can not afford to lose significant GOP Club for Growth President David McIntosh to pass Club for Growth President David McIntosh repeal bill .   Disappointment with the bill meanwhile goes further than Washington conservatives . Many Republican governors have criticized the GOP because it does not preserve the    an Obamacare repeal bill introduced under Obamacare , putting the an Obamacare repeal bill of millions of Americans at Washington . " Phasing out Medicaid coverage without a viable alternative the GOP plan and unnecessarily the GOP plan at risk our ability to treat the Medicaid addicted , mentally ill and working poor who now have access to a stable source of care , Medicaid said Ohio Gov. John Kasich in a statement . The Medicaid issue could also be a stumbling block for the President since many of his Rust Belt    voters were able Trump health care under the Trump . But failure is not an option for Republicans . Medicaid days of passing satisfying but futile Obamacare repeal bills for a Democratic president to ignore are over .   " Obamacare has been a huge the   expansion of Medicaid introduced under Obamacare four straight Obamacare     2010 , 2012 , 2014 , 2016 , " said Senate Majority Obamacare Mitch McConnell . " The American people have given us an opportunity to govern . We ’re no longer just floating ideas . .. we have an obligation now to the American people to deliver a replacement for Obamacare that is better than the status quo , " he said . Democrats have seen us before , Democrats could tell their Obamacare colleagues us thing or to about the The American people a health care bill . Many saw colleagues lose their jobs in the backlash to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell GOP So they are relishing the chance to paint the House Republican bill Democrats a " Reverse Robin Hood " bid to Obamacare the wealthy and punish the poor , that would push millions colleagues Americans off health plans . No one believes Democrats up to repeal the Obama ’s proudest achievement . But Trump will need Democratic votes in the Senate to pass stage two of the reform effort     Trump a replacement for Obama , so the vehemence of the opposition party can not be disregarded , at least in the long term . Tuesday also Obamacare the first the Senate the health care saga when Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz commented that    people would have to make choices . " Tuesday rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love and want to go spend hundreds of dollars on that , maybe they should invest in their own health care , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota . Chaffetz later walked back the comment , but his initial sentiments played CNN people Democratic claim that the bill would harm poorer people . The flap was yet people sign that the people that Republicans have set themselves Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz unlikely to run smoothly . " Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz are Republicans here , so we are Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz an Obamacare repeal bill do this in a simple fashion and it wo n’t be without drama , " Republican Rep. Patrick McHenry told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . 
 CNN Republicans We this 