’   ’ ’    Rep. Adam Schiff slammed House Intelligence Committee chair Devin    Nunes on Wednesday over Rep. Adam Schiff disclosure that the intelligence    community may have   working for President Donald Trump . ’ ’    Committee Chair Devin Nunes announced Wednesday that Committee Chair Devin Nunes viewed    reports proving the intelligence   community had " incidentally    collected " information about Trump’ ’s transition team , and    independently reported the findings to the White House . ’ "    In an interview on CNN , the ranking Democrat on the House    the White House decried Nunes’ decision to brief the White    House on his findings before the ranking Democrat on the House   Intelligence Committee the committee . the House   Intelligence Committee ’    " We can’’t conduct a credible investigation this way , " Schiff    said . " The chairman really has to make a decision whether that’ ’s    his intention , that’ that’ what he that’ to do that’ or he wants to be that’    surrogate for the president . But he can’’t do both that’ can’’t ’ ’    He continued : " that’ was a deeply disturbing turn , and certainly a    body blow to the investigation . " ’ ’’ "    The California Democrat also dismissed   the president ’s claim the president wiretapped by    the president President Barack Obama , pointing out that both FBI    Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers testified that    they were unaware of any evidence supporting   Trump ’s    allegation . " ’    " I think ultimately that will be debunked because as a    fundamental matter , the director of the FBI would know about both FBI    "    Schiff said , adding , " I don’’t think there’ ’s anything    vindicated here except the president’ ’s commitment to now    quadruple down on a baseless    on his predecessor . " ’ ’    Though he did not call for Nunes his step down , Schiff said the    committee needed   Schiff decide whether the chair should remain . ’ ’    " I think we need to have a conversation in committee with all the    members , and the chairman and I need to hash this out , because    this undermines our efforts , " this said we ’ ’      Schiff was one of a number   Schiff Democrats who blasted the chair . ’ ’    the chair Leader Nancy Pelosi called for Nunes to step down ,    while a spokesman for the Democratic National Committee called    for a "    commission " to investigate potential ties    between the Trump campaign and Russia . ’ ’Rep . Adam Schiff slammed House Intelligence . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 