Washington ( CNN ) A top aide to    Donald Trump speculated Thursday that the Obama administration ’s sanctions against Russia for Russia alleged interference in the 2016 election may have been aimed at restricting   Donald Trump policy toward Russia Russia Kellyanne Conway , who managed Trump   Donald Trump and will serve as a counselor to him in the White House , cited a New York Times article saying President Barack Obama was trying to " " his successor President Barack Obama issuing the sanctions with just weeks left in his presidency President Barack Obama " I will tell you that even those who are sympathetic to President Obama President Barack Obama issues are saying that part of the reason he did this President Barack Obama was to quote ’box in’    Trump , " Conway told CNN ’s Kate Bolduan on " OutFront . " " That would be very unfortunate if politics were the motivating factor here . We ca n’t help but think that ’s often true . " She added : " That is not the way that peaceful exchanges work in this democracy . " Moreover , the Trump confidant painted the focus on Russia ’s potential involvement in Democratic Party hacking as something of a distraction . " All we heard through the election was ’Russia , Russia , Russia,’ Russia Conway said . " Since the election , the election just this fever pitch of accusations and insinuations . " Conway argued the hacks Conway the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta did not cause Clinton ’s loss nearly Hillary Clinton as her failed campaign strategy did Hillary Clinton " I do n’t believe Vladimir Putin deterred her from competing in Pennsylvania Hillary Clinton Wisconsin and Michigan , " Conway said . The Trump confidant also hit the Obama administration for its policy on Israel , the Obama administration the decision to allow a UN resolution against settlements in the West Bank " sanctions " of their own kind , and knocked the DNC for improper security procedures that left it open to a breach the Obama administration a similar line offered by incoming White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer just hours earlier on CNN . In a statement following the announcement from the Obama administration , Trump called on the US to " move on , " but said he ’d be briefed next Trump about the issue . " It ’s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things . Nevertheless , in the interest of our country and its great our country I will our country with leaders of the intelligence community next week in The Intelligence Community updated on the facts of this situation , " Trump said in a statement . The Intelligence Community has publicly stated Russia was behind hacks of political organizations and persons in the United States , while Trump has largely rejected the notion .   Trump ’s statement and Conway ’s remarks in Trump were in line with what he said late Wednesday evening that Americans should " Trump on with our lives " when he was asked about the Americans White House announcement Trump White House announces retaliation against Russia : Sanctions , White House , " I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly . The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what is going on . The whole age of computer have speed , we have a lot of Americans things , but Americans ’m not sure we have the kind of the security we need Americans " Trump told reporters at his Americans estate in Florida . The    and his Trump have been quick to rebuff the new intelligence Trump and dismiss out of hand any concerns about Russian influence in the election . But he has not publicly indicated whether he would reverse sanctions against Trump over the matter . Earlier Trump , Obama ’s top adviser on homeland security and counterterrorism said it would be " highly unusual " for Trump to reverse Obama ’s sanctions . " I ’m not going to talk Obama whatever conversations the President and    have had since the election , " Lisa Monaco told CNN ’s Jake Tapper the election The Lead . " " I will say the reversal of sanctions . .. would be highly unusual . Indeed , the sanctions usually remain in place until the activity and the reasons sanctions being imposed in the first place has been removed . " A senior Obama administration official acknowledged to reporters on Thursday that Trump could reverse the sanctions by executive order , but added , " I do n’t sanctions ’d make a lot of sense . " On Thursday , the Obama Trump could reverse the sanctions by executive order sanctioned four Russian individuals and five Russian entities over Thursday alleged election Obama as well as ordering dozens of Russian Russian to leave the country . This is the first time the names Russian Russian officials involved Russian hacking have become public on the sanctions list . 
 Russian 