Early last year , in an article in The New York Times Magazine , I defined what I called a " Megyn moment , " in a profile of the Fox News host Megyn Kelly : " When you , a Fox guest   —    maybe a regular guest or even an official contributor   —    are pursuing a line of argument that seems perfectly congruent with the Fox worldview , only to have Kelly seize on some part of it and call it out as nonsense , maybe even turn it back on you . " When I wrote that article , the Megyn moment was notable because that article was so unusual . Normally , if guests hewed close to Fox News ’s    perspective ( President Obama , woefully incompetent or frighteningly efficient Democrats , bad , especially Hillary Clinton Republicans good , mostly all of especially Hillary Clinton Republicans ) especially Hillary Clinton Republicans were pretty much safe from challenge . In letting Ms. Kelly break from that orthodoxy here and there , the Fox News chief Roger Ailes seemed to be experimenting with ways to expand his the Fox News chief Roger Ailes ’s audience , which was older , whiter and in danger of atrophying despite its atrophying perch atop the cable news ratings . Ms. Ms. Kelly youth and divergent approach had the potential to draw in new viewers . The question at the time was , how far would he be the Fox News chief Roger Ailes to let these Megyn moments go ? And what did that mean for Fox ? the Fox News chief Roger Ailes question arose again after Ms. Kelly Ms. Kelly one of her moments on Ms. Kelly night , with a longtime Fox guest and the Fox News chief Roger Ailes , Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker . But this time the question has taken on a more existential quality . The network ’s longtime chairman , Mr. Ailes , was ousted over sexual harassment accusations last summer a potential new challenger is threatening to emerge from the right in Trump TV , however uncertain it might seem and Ms. Kelly and Ms. Kelly star , Bill O’Reilly , are nearing the end of their contracts . Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly future is on the line . Ms. Kelly ’s moment on Tuesday night initially fit the classic pattern . It began with Mr. Gingrich citing signs of positive news for Donald J. Trump from early voting counts , which he said augured a surprise victory Mr. Gingrich Mr. Trump . Ms. Kelly , Donald J. Trump of Ms. Kelly ago , when so many Fox News hosts doubted polls showing an Obama    challenged him . " He ’s been behind Mr. Gingrich virtually every Mr. Gingrich of the last 40 polls that we ’ve seen over the past month , that ’s the reality , " she said of Mr. Trump . But Ms. Kelly really set Mr. Donald J. Trump was when Ms. Kelly said the sexual assault accusations Ms. Kelly Trump were clearly taking a toll , raising questions Donald J. Trump the candidate was " a sexual predator . " Mr. Gingrich asked why Bill Clinton ’s accusers were n’t getting Mr. Gingrich and Ms. Kelly replied by saying that on her Ms. Kelly were . The exchange became edgier Ms. Kelly and more personal . Mr. Bill Clinton’s accusers told her she was " fascinated with sex , " Ms. Kelly Mr. Gingrich him she was " fascinated by the Ms. Kelly of women Ms. Kelly " She signed Mr. Gingrich by telling him , " You Ms. Kelly take your anger issues and spend some time working Mr. Gingrich them , " and he more or less said back atcha . ( Mr. your anger issues provided his assessment Mr. Gingrich the exchange on Wednesday , saying " Congratulations , Newt , Mr. Trump last night . That was an amazing interview . ") Although the pattern was typical , the rancor was not . And it represented a bigger split at Fox News . By all accounts , in the absence of Mr. Ailes , Ms. Kelly has been freer to pursue her show on her own terms , which are certainly not in line with Ms. Kelly of either Ms. Kelly Clinton or Mr. Trump and therefore not in line with many in the Fox News core audience ( let alone those of her old boss Mr. Ailes , who informally advised Mr. Trump before the debates Ms. Kelly . The same has held true for the Mr. Trump who have not embraced Mr. Trump ’s candidacy   —    like Dana Perino , the Republican    of Mr. Trump , " and the Weekly Standard writer Stephen F. Hayes . They have been given ample time and freedom to call it as they see it in ways the Fox contributors who have not embraced Mr. Trump’s candidacy  —   like Dana Perino, the Republican   of "The Five were not as obviously apparent earlier this year . In that the Fox contributors who have not embraced Mr. Trump’s candidacy  —   like Dana Perino, the Republican   of "The Five , it Fox News host Chris Wallace emerged as an exceptional debate moderator in the third presidential debate , holding firm with both candidates and asking tough questions of each . But there ’s a flip side . In this " Free ( er ) to Be You and Me " environment at Fox ,    network personalities have become even    none more than Sean Hannity , the host whose show follows Ms. Kelly ’s . An informal adviser to Mr. Trump , his rhetoric has grown as incendiary as that of his candidate . On the same day as An informal adviser to Mr. Trump Kelly ’s confrontation with Mr. Gingrich , Mr. An informal adviser to Mr. Trump announced on his radio show that if Ms. Kelly , he would personally pay to Sean Hannity Obama to Canada Sean Hannity , for that matter , Mr. Trump or Sean Hannity . It was a nod to the fake , old " birther " conspiracy that even Mr. Trump has eschewed after promoting it for years . So there , on Tuesday , were two distinct futures of Fox . Rupert Murdoch , whose family controls Fox News ’s parent company , 21st Century Fox , has so far mostly kept it in its Ailesian mode , which , after all , has made Fox News a major profit driver Rupert Murdoch, whose family controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox its Rupert Murdoch, whose family controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox parent and kept it atop the cable news ratings . Fox News Murdoch ’s son Lachlan recently said Fox News would be " Rupert Murdoch, whose family controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox of us " to depart from " a winning strategy . " But CNN is nipping at Fox News ’s heels , managing to beat it in the news demographic that advertisers care most about   — Fox News ages of 25 and 54   — Fox News over the last four weeks , the first such sustained victory in 15 years . Still , nothing forces decisions in television news like the hard deadlines of talent contracts . Ms. Kelly ’s comes up later next year , followed by that of Mr. O’Reilly . Every rival network has expressed interest in picking her up , and Tuesday night ’s Megyn moment can only help her in that regard . The Murdochs have made it clear Ms. Kelly would like Ms. Kelly to stay , which they showed with Ms. Kelly $ 6 million advance their book imprint HarperCollins paid for The Murdochs coming memoir Ms. Kelly Settle for More . " The Murdochs Wednesday night , The Wall Street Journal The Murdochs —    a Fox News Ms. Kelly sibling   —    quoted Rupert Murdoch as saying he viewed Ms. Kelly as important to the network and was hoping to have her contract locked down " very soon . " But The Wall Street Journal  —   a Fox News corporate sibling  —    he Ms. Kelly the network has a " deep bench " of personalities , Ms. Kelly of whom would " give their right arm for her The Wall Street Journal  —   a Fox News corporate sibling  —    . " the network the Murdochs persuade Ms. Kelly to stay , will there be room for her , Mr. any of whom and Mr. Ms. Kelly ? Both Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Hannity have Ms. Kelly with her , though Mr. Hannity ’s fights have Ms. Kelly more bitter and more recent . If Ms. Kelly stays , will they ? Who knows if Ms. Kelly Trump will pursue Mr. Hannity of television    venture ( he says he has no Ms. Kelly . But if he does Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Hannity he could conceivably hire Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Hannity , who has a contract provision that Mr. Trump allow Mr. Trump to follow Mr. Ailes out the door Mr. Trump though the Mr. Trump is tight and it would presumably have to happen in relatively short order ) . A Trump Mr. Trump raises the prospect of a more moderate   —    if still plenty     the window    Fox News combating not just CNN and MSNBC but also a challenger from the right . Television news would never be the same . 
 