’As 2016 comes to an end , the tumult of the past year shows the truly unpredictable state of world affairs.’ " Brexit in the UK and the election of Donald Trump in the US showed the inherent failures of relying too heavily on public polling , while the   of ISIS attacks worldwide served as a crude    call to the group ’s deadly reach , even as the group loses ground in the Middle East . " " But even as 2016 proved to be a year full of surprises , several of the  of ISIS attacks worldwide from Business Insider ’s Military & Defense team for what the year held proved to be accurate : The South China Sea has only   the leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo has   his only  the leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo beyond constitutional limits , and the Kurdish insurgency in Turkey has . " ’Here are 11 big geopolitical events that we think will come to pass in 2017.’ ’The Hermit Kingdom has always been a wild card on the national security stage . While most experts can make predictions as to what countries would do in certain situations , the only prediction one can really ascribe to North Korea ’s leadership is bluster and   .’ ’Whether its ’Whether military training exercises with the US and South Korea militaries or US Navy ships being seen too close to North Korean shores , Pyongyang often has a response , and it ’Whether usually not good.’ ’One example that comes to mind is North North Korea’s in 2010 . Would President Trump be a hardliner toward the North , possibly increasing tensions ? With Kim    inching closer to having a   those tensions may come sooner rather than later.’ ’Russia has been emboldened by its moves into later.’ ’Russia , especially when it was able later.’ ’Russia infiltrate and eventually annex Crimea   —    with little recourse from the international community.’ ’Moscow ’s top government hackers conducted a major cyberattack against the US electoral process , and though it was called the US electoral process in public by the Obama administration , Russia ’s denial of hacking brings to mind its initial denials Russia taking over Crimea . Only after a large portion of the world comes out against Moscow does Russia finally say Russia yeah , you caught us.’ ’We expect more of Moscow ’s meddling Moscow other ’s affairs , especially in the Baltic states . Russia moved    Russia very close to Poland and Lithuania . NATO has   putting troops and tanks in Baltic states.’ ’Will this Cold    buildup continue ? That ’s very likely . And with President Trump in charge , it will be interesting to see whether Moscow gets the pushback it has seen in the past   —    or whether it encounters a it , conciliatory tack.’ ’ISIS’ power is on the trend downward , and that ’s going to continue into 2017 . The US and Iraq finally have their act together The US and Iraq it comes to confronting the terrorist group within Iraq ’s borders Iraq Although efforts to rout the group from the terrorist group within Iraq’s borders , it ’s likely that the city the terrorist group within Iraq’s borders be back in Mosul of the Iraqi army by .’ ’US military leaders say it could be another two to four months of tough fighting before Mosul is secured . After Mosul , Mosul can be expected that Mosul will try to hold out in remaining Iraqi cities before most fighters fall back to its Syrian capital.’ ’That’ll mean a much ISIS much tougher fight once Raqqa comes under assault , but we think an attack in 2017 is likely , especially if Mosul falls and Syria ’s government forces Mosul more control back from rebels.’ ’In the past , Syrian government forces have basically ignored ISIS and its Raqqa stronghold . If the war ISIS to be coming to a close against the    rebels , it ’s likely that Damascus will then the war after ISIS   —    which could mean ISIS very awkward coalition emerges between the governments of Syria , Russia , Iran , and the United States.’ ’Terrorist groups do n’t typically go quiet into the night . That ’s going to be especially true of ISIS . As the heat turns up ISIS ISIS’ stronghold of Raqqa , you can expect the group to up its propaganda efforts , especially highlighting civilian the group , to inspire new recruits and    killers to attack wherever they are.’ ’A paper written by West the group ’s Combating Terrorist Center in March : " As the Islamic State continues to lose ground , the international community should brace for a surge in international terror . " ’ ’ISIS has been losing significant ground in 2016 , and it will lose much more in 2017 ’ ’ISIS And with its " caliphate " at stake , ’ ’ISIS will want to minimize territorial losses with    attacks , instead.’ ’The group also sees external attacks as a way to force its adversaries to beef up security at instead.’ ’The group , but it ’s much more likely big terror instead.’ ’The group will strengthen the resolve among Western nations to destroy the group once and for all.’ ’’ instead.’ ’The group ’China’ ’s   of a US Navy drone from international waters demands a response . Trump’ ’s initial quip , " Let them keep it , " speaks to the limited nature of the offense committed by China.’ ’But the bigger , underlying issue remains unresolved.’ " China ’s unlawful claims in the South China Sea , and its willingness to confront the US Navy over China , weaken the US ’s standing in the Pacific . Valuable trading partners like Singapore , Vietnam , and Indonesia would lose faith in the US if it fails to back up the US in the the US China Sea . " the US ’s team has shown a diverse group of tools it could use to confront and check China . ’Trump’ China as a currency manipulator , starting a trade China with Beijing ,   or even increasing naval patrols around China’ ’s " massive military complex " in the South China Sea all could possibly work to the South China Sea ’s aggression . At the very least , these moves would China’ the volley , putting the ball in China’ ’s court.’ ’’ ’Instead , Trump will create a toxic environment around investing in Iran and use soft power to dissuade US companies and allies from enriching the Islamic Republic . ’ " The latest reports coming from the UN on Iran ’s nuclear program show that the country has been cooperating . Iran Trump ’s surprising election can Iran a new inflection point in Trump , which could possibly lead to further concessions from the Iranians so that they may fully access the Western markets with Trump ’s blessing . " ’ISIS , the Iranians consumed by the air and Trump pushing them further and further out of their    " caliphate , " will become impaired in their ability to launch attacks overseas them especially in the West.’ " As ground troops rush them ’s Syrian capital of Raqqa , the true believers in ISIS will face losses on the battlefield and damage to their reputation . The situation in ISIS will stabilize somewhat , with Western powers withdrawing their the true believers in ISIS for the opposition , and intensifying their   against ISIS while supporting ground forces Western powers ISIS outposts in northern Africa and Asia Western powers persist , ISIS lack the central organization and ISIS that ISIS provided at its peak . " ’By the end of 2017 , ISIS’ ’s most ISIS presence will ISIS not be in any physical territory , but rather a    presence that outlives the " caliphate " online . They will continue to attract extremists , Islamic hardliners , and enemies of the West , rather a   presence that outlives the "caliphate" online Iraq and Syria will , for the most part , rid themselves of ISIS . ’ ’Like many of his other policies , Trump vacillated on Cuba Iraq and Syria the run up to the election . ’ ’Like the position he staked out ahead of the vote and in the weeks after was a more hardline Trump , catering to the    tastes of the staunchly    crowd of exiles and others in South Florida.’ ’Trump has inveighed against Obama ’s deal with Havana , threatening to undo it if Cuba does n’t agree to a new , " " deal . After Fidel Obama’s deal with Havana ’s Cuba , the     the occasion " marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long , and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve . " ’ ’This devotion to freedom for Cubans rings hollow in the wonderful Cuban people of Trump ’s seeming affection for Vladimir Putin of Russia and Rodrigo Russia of the Trump   —    two leaders who have shown little interest in safeguarding human rights.’ ’What we can likely expect ,   by Florida International University professor Frank Mora , is a return to the    ante and a Cuba policy driven by US domestic political concerns.’ ’If Trump moves to impose punitive policies , Cuba ’s likely that   in the GOP will Trump him , though other Republicans who Trump vested interests in maintaining   that have been reestablished Trump likely temper the White House ’s new policies toward Havana.’ ’It might be a . It might be a combination of walling and fences . It might even be a " . " Whatever it is , such a border barrier will do little to halt the flow of drugs from South America and Mexico into the US.’ ’This is because much of the illegal narcotics that are smuggled to the US are n’t transported through the    spaces the US walling , or fencing , or   would cover.’ ’"Mexican [ criminal organizations ] transport the majority of their illicit drugs into the United States over land through the [ border ] the US array of new walling, or fencing, or  would techniques , " the US Drug Enforcement Administration wrote in its 2016 National Drug Threat Assessment.’ ’"The most common method employed by Mexican TCOs involves transporting drugs in vehicles the US Drug Enforcement Administration US ports of entry . " ’ ’Land ports like    Diego ( the busiest land border crossing ) or Ciudad    Paso see immense amounts of traffic , both by private citizens and commercial vehicles . Inspecting all of them would present logistical hurdles that could n’t be overcome any time soon and not without severely disrupting that both by private citizens and commercial vehicles ’Given that    border traffic feeds the   of    bilateral trade , such severe disruptions would not go over well.’ ’After a    negotiation process , a   in a national referendum , and a harried renegotiation ,   to end the    civil conflict waged by the    rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or the FARC.’ ’FARC members have   the group ’s shift into solely a political party , leaving behind its name and status as a rebel group , but implementing that deal is likely to be as arduous the group’s the negotiation process , if not more so.’ ’After signing the new deal at the end of November , the FARC rebels were to move to 27 ’After for that deal . But two weeks after this process was to begin , those camps are not able to host the rebels.’ ’"There is limited access to potable water , food , health services the FARC rebels , " the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said in a .’ ’An uncertain or inhospitable demobilization environment makes it more likely that FARC rebels will fall back into illegal activity . This month , the rebel group   five    ’An , several of whom were involved in drug trafficking . At the same , hundreds of FARC members     zones.’ ’Meanwhile , Colombian criminal groups have   into areas FARC rebels are leaving , in some cases coordinating FARC FARC dissidents . The leftist National Liberation Army , Colombia ’s    FARC group ,   its attacks and could be angling FARC take over territory and activities Colombia by the FARC.’ ’Alongside turmoil in the FARC demobilization Colombia’s    , social violence remains present . Through December this year , 94 social leaders   around Colombia , including . Criminal groups have also reportedly moved   around the country , causing civilians to flee.’ Colombia among these criminal groups raises the specter of the    paramilitary Iran   the last time the rebel group tried to demobilize . Criminal groups current criminal groups evolved from those paramilitaries.’ ’Violent criminal groups and guerrilla forces have long afflicted Colombia . While deadly violence in the country has   recent events indicate that the old problems of conflict related Colombia drugs and social strife will Iran Colombia   —    even without the FARC.’ 
 Colombia 