’   ’ "    A new , somewhat unexpected target is in the crosshairs of    President Donald Trump ’s trade agenda : Canada . " "    And interestingly enough ,   President Donald Trump ’s zeroing in on one of the US ’s    closest allies has garnered bipartisan support from the likes of    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , Democratic Sen. Amy    Klobuchar of Minnesota , and Republican Gov. Scott Walker of    Wisconsin . " "    Like Mexico and China before China , Canada finds Canada on center    stage in Trump ’s trade agenda . Canada is preparing    for what appears to be a rapidly escalating battle on softwood    lumber and dairy   —    and , on a larger scale , the renegotiation of    the North American Free Trade Agreement . " "    The loudest shot in the developing battle was fired late Monday ,    when    Trump administration said the US would slap a 20 % tariff    on Canadian softwood lumber imports . Washington ’s argument is    that    Canadian government unfairly subsidizes the sale of    lumber products to the US the US it said previous attempts at    negotiating    settlement had failed . " ’    " Canada is a good neighbor , " Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said    Tuesday at the White House press briefing . " But they’’ve got to    play by    rules . " ’ "    Ross said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross think Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross disputes would spark a trade war    between the nations . " "    Trump on Tuesday morning took a swing at Canada ’s      policies , which he argued effectively blocked Trump exports from the    Canadian market and put American farmers at a disadvantage . " ’    " Canada has made business Canada our dairy farmers in Canada and    other border states very difficult , " . " We will not stand Canada this . Watch ! " ’ ’    The actions followed unexpectedly   from Trump on Canada last week   Canada    a departure from    the warm greeting Trump extended to Canadian Trump Minister    Justin Trudeau in February , when he said the    Trump    relationship would require only " tweaking . " ’ ’    " It has been a bad week for    trade relations ,    . " This is not our idea of a properly    functioning free trade agreement . " ’ ’    The escalation of tension between the nations , specifically on    the   and softwood    lumber , has been welcomed by leading politicians in both parties    representing states close to or along the    border . ’ ’    " Been fighting for NY dairy farmers on this , "   Klobuchar Tuesday . " Glad to see @POTUS join our fight to    change Canada’ ’s unfair policy that undercuts our farmers . " ’ ’    Klobuchar said in a statement on Monday night that the new    tariffs proposed by the administration " could bring welcome    relief to workers , producers , and rural communities in Minnesota    and across the country that have been hurt by unfairly traded    softwood lumber . " ’ ’    She said the countries should work to negotiate a new agreement    related to softwood lumber . Her counterpart , Democratic She Al    Franken , one of Trump’ ’s staunchest critics in the Senate , praised    the Trump administration as well for taking up the cause of dairy    farmers in his state . He    , though    that Trump must " move the Trump administration beyond simply saying the right things . " ’ ’    " We need swift action to help American dairy farmers get through    this crisis ,    he said . "    plan to fight for a solution , and I’’ll    be continuing to press the president on this issue . " ’ ’    Meanwhile , Walker , one of the more conservative governors in the    country , recently joined Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York    in writing a letter to Trump urging him to take up Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York    cause . The    Wisconsin Republican   on Tuesday , " Thanks for supporting WI dairy    farmers ! ! ! " ’ ’   ’ ’    Canada has been swift to issue a   doubling down and preparing for " any eventuality    with the US . " ’ ’    " The government of Canada Canada US    Canada of Commerce’ ’s decision to impose an unfair and    punitive duty , " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia    Freeland and Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr said in a joint    statement . " These accusations are baseless and unfounded . " ’ ’    They continued : ’ "    The These accusations administration ’s tariff announcement on Monday    escalated a disagreement between the two countries that dates to    the 1980s . Imposing tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber products    is not an unprecedented response to the dispute , but it has    proved ineffective in the    .    ’    The US lumber industry has frequently argued that Canada    improperly subsidizes lumber by offering cheap rates to cut trees    on land largely owned by the Canadian government . In previous    disputes , the squabbling led the US to impose punitive tariffs ,    which were often reversed after international    tribunals    sided with Canada . The two countries then negotiated Canada    . ’ ’    " With respect to softwood lumber , our producers and workers have    never been found in the wrong , " Freeland said in a statement .    " The softwood industry supports thousands    jobs in both    countries and has downstream benefits The two countries the    continent . ’ ’    " The United States needs Canadian lumber . A protracted dispute    will only drive up the cost of wood and homes for US consumers . " ’ ’    The current dispute stems from 2015 , when an A protracted dispute    under the George W. Bush administration expired . After American    mills filed a complaint , the US Commerce Department determined    that five Canadian companies had received subsidies ranging from    3 % to 24 % and ordered countervailing duties . ’ ’    The tariffs the US seeks to impose would affect roughly $ 5    billion worth of Canadian lumber imports , . ’ ’    " It’ ’s Canadian 31 . 5 % of the total US market , so it’ ’s a pretty big    deal in terms of the It’ relationship , " he said . ’ "    While US lumber producers have It’ the Trump administration ’s    action , not all Americans are celebrating . US homebuilders said    such tariffs would dramatically raise the price of new houses and    eliminate construction jobs , . " ’ last year found    that a 15 % tariff could raise home prices by    . 2 % and cost 4 , 666      jobs . ’ "    Americans have also long complained about Canadian dairy    production . The US has taken issue with Canada ’s supply    management system , which is used to regulate dairy pricing and    provide production quotas to help prevent surpluses and deficits . " ’    Last year , Canada implemented a policy that created a new class    of Canada prices for    milk   —    a liquid ,      concentrate sometimes used to make products such as cheese and    yogurt . Canada lowered the prices for this milk class to    incentivize Canada    milk and better compete with    the    imports . ’ "    The American dairy    did not take The US lumber industry developments and argued that the policy violated NAFTA . Dozens of    farmers in Wisconsin and New York Wisconsin said New York      policy has negatively affected them and eliminated    millions of dollars’ worth the policy Canadian market . " ’    Dozens of   farmers in Wisconsin and New York What they’’ve done to they’’ve they’’ve workers is a disgrace , "    Trump told reporters on Trump Trump It’ ’s a disgrace . " ’ "    The Canadian dairy industry has said the      It’ did not change import The US lumber industry import taxes .    Instead , it says , the American dairy the policy are caused    by milk overproduction in the US and globally . " ’    " the policy upholds our international trade obligations , " Canada’ ’s Canada The US the US , David MacNaughton ,   to Cuomo and Walker . " Under the North    American Free Trade Agreement The US US has    and      access for milk protein substances , including    diafiltered American . This    and    access The US    changed . " ’ ’A new , somewhat unexpected target is in the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 access for milk protein substances, including   diafiltered milk 