  ( CNN ) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein put out a very odd statement late Thursday night . Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein attacked anonymous sources and insisted that any story using anonymous sources is rightly viewed extremely skeptically . I reached out to Jay Rosen , a professor of journalism at New York University and the author of Press Think , a blog about media and politics , for some perspective on the history of anonymous sourcing and what it means for the future of journalism . Our conversation , conducted via email and lightly edited for flow , is below . Cillizza : Rod Rosenstein urged " caution " for people reading stories about the Trump White House that contain anonymous sourcing . Is "caution" warranted ? Why or why not ? Rosen : Caution is always advisable toward stories based on anonymous sources . Yes . Even the people who produce these stories would probably agree with that . But if Rod Rosenstein wanted to warn us away from a report he Rod Rosenstein to be misleading , his Rod Rosenstein fails . It suffers his statement the same vagueness of origin that casts doubt on the statements of confidential sources .   Which revelations is Rosenstein talking about ? What is the predicate for his actions Rosenstein talking releasing this statement his statement is that phrase , " when they do not identify the country . .. " doing in there ? He seems to Rosenstein talking to say more , but something prevents him . Or Rosenstein talking he wanted to Rosenstein talking less , but someone forced him . Either Rosenstein talking , his statement is Rosenstein talking Which is the whole problem with confidential sources . They are opaque . confidential sources : Let ’s take a step back . What is the history of anonymous sources ? Where did this all start ? Rosen : I do n’t think we know for sure . One of the oldest dynamics in politics   —    reaching back to the 18th century Parliaments   —    is when the loser in an internal conflict decides to " change the game " by going public with a dispute that had previously been kept in house . Since they still have to these people in that house , these house to be anonymous . This method in political combat first became possible when there were printed journals reporting on Parliament , and coffee houses where public questions were being debated —    assisted , of course , by the newspapers of the day , on sale in those establishments .   Roughly speaking , then , the origins of anonymous sourcing , the birth of public opinion as a live factor in politics , and the invention of political reporting all occur together , in the mid 1700s . And that dynamic I identified   —    loser in an internal dispute goes public , hoping that the reaction will change the outcome   —     continues unchanged to this day . Cillizza : Is anonymous sourcing on the rise ?   Rosen : I would be cautious about any statement like that . That would take a massive content study to determine with any reliability . Such studies are done , but they tend to lag    Such studies behind the fact .   One thing we can point to is the rise of publications   —    Politico , Business Insider , Axios would be three   —    that in my view simply do n’t care how often they have to rely on blind sources . They have made the call they getting the inside dope is more important to their readers than any fussy they about transparency . They have decided not to they about it . In fact , Henry Blodget , founder of Business Insider , has said Business Insider We will grant anonymity to any source at any time for any reason . " Pretty clear statement . The existence of such competitors obviously has an effect on the climate as a whole .   Cillizza : President Obama ’s White House was notoriously hard on leakers . Trump seems to have taken that to a new level . Accurate reading ? Rosen : It ’s well established that Obama Trump more aggressive against leakers President Obama’s any previous president . Judging by his public statements , Trump is even more willing to Trump to war , but I do n’t think we know what is going on behind the scenes . The first criminal case against a leaker began this month . It ’s plausible to suspect that The first criminal case against a leaker lot is happening on this front , but we simply do n’t know enough we say for sure .   Cillizza : Finish this sentence : " Anonymous sources are _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in modern journalism . "   Rosen : " Anonymous sources are withdrawals against the bank balance built up by more transparent practices in modern journalism . " News accounts that rely on confidential sources do not contain within themselves the information required for us " News accounts that rely on confidential sources trust them . By definition we can " News accounts that rely on confidential sources " go to the source " because the source is hidden . If the source our trust to such reports , we we so because of reputation : we reporter ’s reputation , or more often the news brand ’s . Some acts of journalism are easier to trust than others . If I tell you what the data shows about test scores in different schools around your district , and I also link to the data so you can check for the data that is a fundamentally different act from . .. " The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia ’s role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice , officials said . " ( My italics . )   That term , " officials said " is relatively hard to trust . We ca n’t go to those people and ask : did you really say that ? We ca n’t decide how credible they are We and act accordingly . Instead those people have to trust the Washington Post , We gave us this report , and its reporters . We might be rational to We so , but it ’s also subtractive . We are drawing It reserves of trust built We by previous acts of journalism that told us the Post could be trusted . Some We the Washington Post add to the bank account , others draw upon reserves of trust . To put it another way , when trust is the currency , stories that depend on anonymous sources are expensive . 
 