Las Vegas ( CNN ) Donald Trump used the third and final presidential debate to dig Donald Trump into a deeper hole that only increases the threat to Donald Trump presidential prospects . Over the course of 90 minutes , Donald Trump scored some early hits against Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton . But Donald Trump ’s one moment that will haunt the Republican nominee and define the narrative heading into the campaign ’s last days .   " I will look at it at the time , " Donald Trump said when asked whether Donald Trump would concede if Donald Trump loses on November 8 . " I will keep you in suspense . " To emphasize the extraordinary nature of Donald Trump ’s statement , Hillary Clinton responded : " That ’s horrifying . " The comments     combined with a knock on Hillary Clinton as a " nasty woman " and a quip about " bad hombres "     is certain to dominate the political conversation in the remaining 19 days of the race . Though Hillary Clinton enjoys a commanding lead in the polls , the overwhelming narrative is likely to be about Donald Trump potential refusal to accept defeat and whether that could trigger a historic confrontation in the days following the election . The Republican nominee doubled down on his The Republican nominee about the the election during a rally in Delaware , Ohio , where he said The Republican nominee would The Republican nominee the results " if I win . " CNN Reality Check , Exasperated Republicans have no choice but to once again weather the fallout . It ’s an especially tough task for Senate Republicans facing voters next month , as those who have not already disowned their party voters nominee could come under renewed pressure to do so . Trump ’s troubles , Trump ’s Trump been brewing for weeks . He has been Trump to move past damaging stories about his treatment of Trump , including a flood of recent sexual assault accusations     allegations he denies . Trump is now Trump Clinton in the polls and confronting a rapidly narrowing path to the White House , as even reliably red states such as Arizona have become battlegrounds . The swirling controversies have only emboldened Trump , who has taken to furiously lashing out in all directions : at his accusers , Trump media , GOP leadership and , most recently , the political system . He is now Trump warning     with no evidence     that the election is " rigged " in favor of Clinton . When questioned about the women who have come forward to accuse him of having Trump touched them , a visibly irritated Trump was defiant , going as far as to say he believes the Trump are the women who have come forward to accuse him of having inappropriately touched them a Clinton   . Clinton " Those stories have been largely debunked , " Trump said , despite Trump fact that some of the women ’s stories are corroborated by others . " It was lies and it was fiction . It Trump Jr. : Running for president a ’step down’ Clinton seized the moment to remind viewers that Trump has insulted the Trump appearance of his accusers .   Trump He said that he Trump not possibly Trump done those things to those women because they were not attractive those women to be sexually assaulted , " she said . These exchanges came after what had at first been a relatively subdued and    debate . But it did not take long     or much     for Trump to lose his Trump as he Trump interrupted Clinton Trump rolled his eyes from behind Trump podium . At one point , Trump even lashed out Trump calling Clinton " such a Clinton woman . " The comments were particularly remarkable given that they were discussing what should have been a relatively sleepy topic : entitlements . Missed opportunity , Ultimately , the debate was one more missed opportunity for Trump to tackle his Trump handicap     Trump widespread perception that he lacks the temperament Trump be president . That could very well prove to be fatal . Trump wo n’t have Trump opportunity before November 8 to reach the sheer number of people who have tuned into the debates . Even before Trump ’s disastrous debate Trump night , there was growing evidence that the past few tumultuous weeks had taken a serious toll on his campaign . Clinton now Trump her GOP rival by eight Clinton among likely voters , according to CNN ’s Poll of Polls released Wednesday . Trump ’s public image has Trump taken a hit from the recent scandals : A Bloomberg survey released on the day of the debate showed that Trump ’s unfavorability rating had Trump to 62 % from 56 % a month ago ( Clinton ’s ticked down to 52 % from 56 % in September ) . And Trump ’s path to 270 electoral Trump is also looking increasingly tough . Key battleground states including Florida and Nevada are now leaning in Clinton ’s favor , while traditionally Clinton strongholds like Arizona are now in play for Clinton .   Donald Trump vs. Clinton Clinton III Trump most memorable lines , While Trump has tried to stay afloat , Trump has largely stayed the course . Clinton has let Trump stew in his Clinton while continuing Trump hammer the Trump that he is fundamentally unfit to be president Trump Her campaign has also recalibrated its resources Clinton seize on Trump ’s Her campaign momentum by expanding their Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines focusing on early voting and Her campaign efforts .    Trump ’s standing in the 2016 race has Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines progressively worse through the three debates . In his first    against Clinton , Trump was Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines on the defensive , as Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines challenger needled him on everything from his Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines , refusal Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines release his tax Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines and past comments about race Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines women .   It was clear that Trump ’s lack of intense debate preparations     Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines his refusal to hold mock debates     was Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines , particularly as he went up against a veteran and practiced Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines like Clinton . Next to his opponent , Trump appeared angry and erratic Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines Heading into Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines second debate in St. Louis last weekend , Trump ’s critical mission was to slow the Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines . Last straw , The damning " Access Hollywood " tape had become the last straw for many of Trump ’s fellow Republicans , who finally cut Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines with the controversial nominee . Things only grew worse when multiple women came out   to accuse Trump of exactly the kind of behavior he Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines describing on that tape . But Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines than using the second The damning "Access Hollywood" tape express genuine contrition , Trump tripled down . He convened a surprise media Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines featuring women who Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton III: The most memorable lines accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct , before saying on the debate stage : " Bill Clinton was abusive to women . Hillary Clinton attacked Bill Clinton women and attacked them viciously . Bill Clinton the debate women ’s top adviser struggled women the second debate her candidate ’s refusal to say he would accept the results of the Bill Clinton . " Donald Trump will accept the her candidate’s of the election because he ’s going to win Trump’s , " campaign the results of the election ’s Trump’s the election Pressed by Bash on why Trump did the election that on the debate stage     and whether Conway will personally urge Trump’s to accept Dana Bash outcome     Conway grew impatient . " Absent evidence of widespread abuse Trump’s irregularities campaign manager Kellyanne Conway yes , I would say that , but I campaign manager Kellyanne Conway think I ’ll be saying to him : ’Congratulations , Mr. President,’ " she said . Cutting the interview short , Conway walked away , telling Bash : campaign manager Kellyanne Conway I ’ll see you there in Mr. President,’ weeks . " 
 campaign manager Kellyanne Conway 