   Donald Trump will take the reins of the federal government on January 20 . How many people   Donald Trump will have by   Donald Trump side on that date is very much in question . The Trump transition is substantially behind the pace set eight years ago by Barack Obama ’s team , and a late start to vetting Cabinet nominees for security clearances and financial conflicts of interest threatens to leave many senior posts vacant when Trump assumes the presidency in just      weeks . The delays , which were described by people familiar with the transition as well as several congressional aides , could hamper the new president ’s ability to deliver the swift change the new president’s has promised in Washington . In the weeks after the election , Trump made a show of naming members of Trump Cabinet in rapid succession , giving the impression that Trump transition was proceeding speedily , faster even than many people expected after such a shocking result on November 8 . But the slew of nominations obscured an important detail : Trump team had done little or no vetting of those appointees before or immediately after the election , as the Obama transition had done . Potential picks were rarely asked to submit information for a standard FBI background check or financial documents needed for disclosure requirements and an ethics agreement . That meant that a process that takes weeks or even months did not begin until late November or December in some cases . The Donald Trump Cabinet Tracker , And for Trump , there ’s another complication : His The Donald Trump Cabinet Tracker stacked with wealthy executives whose vast and complex financial portfolios must be combed for potential business conflicts and then untangled before they receive wealthy executives confirmation hearings . They include wealthy executives Tillerson , the Exxon Mobil CEO nominated to be secretary of state Steve Mnuchin for treasury secretary Andrew Puzder for labor secretary Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary and Betsy DeVos as education secretary . " With these billionaires wealthy executives ’s going to take a lot more time , " said Richard Painter , who served as the chief ethics lawyer in the Bush White House from 2005 to 2007 . Painter recalled that when he joined the Painter 12 years ago , it took him half a Painter to fill out the initial financial disclosure form . " But , " he said , Painter I was just a law professor .   I have mutual funds . I do n’t even own any individual stocks , and it ’s really any individual stocks pretty boring report . " By comparison , when Painter helped shepherd Hank Paulson to confirmation as treasury secretary in 2006 , it took the Goldman Sachs CEO and a team of pricey outside lawyers      weeks to complete the same form . The task of vetting and then preparing ethics agreements for Trump ’s nominees now falls to the Office of Government Ethics , a relatively small federal agency with about 80 employees and an annual budget of $ 16 million . The office reviews each nominee ’s financial disclosure report for potential conflicts of interest and then instructs them what assets potential conflicts of interest must unload potential conflicts of interest among other steps they may have potential conflicts of interest take , to comply with the law once they take office potential conflicts of interest The result is a signed agreement that is sent to the Senate and posted publicly . Tillerson , for example , is expected to have to divest himself completely from Tillerson Mobil , including forgoing any stock options to which he may be Tillerson . While the office has been preparing for the presidential transition for months , it is likely the office struggle to complete work for Trump ’s Cabinet in time for them all to be in place by inauguration . " It ’s a huge challenge for the office . the office , " Painter said . " They need more funding Huge challenge " ( The OGE , despite a    flurry of tweets directed at Trump , does not Trump’s on individual reports , which are made public only when they are complete . ) By this time eight years ago , several of Obama ’s Cabinet picks had signed ethics agreements , said Norman Eisen , a Eisen ’s nominees have Trump’s yet . " They are behind , " Eisen said . With a    Democratic majority in 2009 , the Senate confirmed six members of Obama ’s Cabinet on the day nominees was inaugurated and nominees four within the next week . Republicans control the chamber now , and they want to have a similar number of Trump nominees in place when he Cabinet office . Democrats , however , are worried that Republican leaders will try to rush through several Republicans whose thin public record and thicket of potential financial entanglements deserve more Cabinet for scrutiny . Last month , the senior Democrats on 16 Senate committees demanded that no Trump nominee should receive a confirmation hearing until he or she has cleared an FBI background check , submitted a signed ethics agreement , and answered    questions from committee members Trump and a rules change engineered by Democrats in 2013 Trump and the Trump and Senate Republicans can confirm Trump ’s nominees without Democratic votes , and a few committee chairmen have already set tentative hearing dates for the second and third week of January without receiving Senate completed paperwork for Trump . " There is no indication that the schedule for hearings is going to be ticked back as a result of this slower pace , " a senior Senate Democratic aide said . While Democrats ca n’t block the nominees outright without GOP defections , they can use parliamentary tactics to slow down the process and turn the Senate into even Senate of a bottleneck than it already is . In some cases the nominees delay confirmation hearings for nominees , the nominees they could force the Senate to spend days Senate candidate on the floor —   a move Senate would not only keep top Cabinet offices vacant but some cases Republicans from moving quickly to passage of Trump some cases agenda . Senator Charles Schumer of New York , the new Democratic leader , warned that his members would " vehemently resist " any GOP effort to rush Cabinet nominees into office without proper hearings or before their financial disclosure and ethics agreements were complete . " If Republicans think they can quickly jam Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the new Democratic leader a whole slate of nominees without a fair hearing process , they ’re sorely mistaken , " Schumer said in Cabinet nominees statement . The other fear among some Democrats in and out of Republicans is that with the help of a compliant Republican Congress , Trump ’s Cabinet nominees Republicans simply follow the example of Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the new Democratic leader    boss when it comes to ethics . The    never released his tax returns during the campaign , and he has refused to fully divest from his businesses before taking office . Yet while the specifics Trump’s Cabinet nominees law that applies to government employees does not apply to the president The    his appointees would be putting themselves in The    legal jeopardy if they took office The    resolving potential conflicts of interest . " They commit a criminal offense , " Painter said . " That does n’t apply to the president president and vice president his appointees but they commit a criminal his appointees . The people working for him are going to have his appointees play by the rules . " Republican chairmen say Democrats are overstating the delays and that they intend to follow Senate precedents his appointees processing nominees , which vary by committee . Senator the president and vice president Corker of Tennessee , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , has rejected demands from Democrats , for example , that Democrats committee ask Tillerson to provide his tax returns , since it has not done so for past nominees . But he said Tillerson would not receive special treatment or exemptions from the traditional requirements . " Prior the Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing , he will Tillerson through the same ethics and FBI checks as previous Secretary of State nominees , Tillerson Corker Tillerson . " That has always been the plan , it is already in progress , Tillerson I am deeply Tillerson my colleagues continue to imply otherwise . Our committee will carry out exactly the same procedures for Mr. Tillerson ’s nomination that have been carried out since well the plan I joined the committee 10 years ago . " Similarly , Republican spokeswomen for the Senate committees with jurisdiction over the Treasury , Labor , and Health and Human Services departments said they would not move forward with hearings until the Our committee their completed paperwork , including signed ethics agreements . " Democrats are creating a red herring here —   there is no concern that forms will not be filled Republican spokeswomen for the Senate committees with jurisdiction over the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services departments , " said Margaret Atkinson , spokeswoman for the Health Republican spokeswomen for the Senate committees with jurisdiction over the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services departments Education , Labor , and Pensions Committee . * * * Where did things go awry for The Trump transition ? Close observers of the process point to his decision , made just a few days after the election , the election New Jersey Governor Chris Christie as chairman of his transition committee , along with some of the people who had spent months doing the prep work in Washington for a Washington Trump administration . The    had , by his own admission , given little thought to the transition The Trump transition election his of a sense of superstition . He and his inner circle took over the operation immediately after November 8 , moving the November 8 from    offices in D. C. to his Tower ( and his other properties in New Jersey and Florida ) where a parade of job seekers has his for his interviews . Yet the formal vetting of those candidates has not , in most cases , begun before Trump selects them for a job . Take his case of Cathy New Jersey , the    Republican congresswoman who was poised to become Trump ’s nominee for interior secretary before the    was persuaded to pick Representative Trump Zinke of Montana instead . Over the course of the formal vetting of those candidates 10 days , McMorris Rodgers met twice with McMorris Rodgers familiar with the process . Her name was leaked to the press , which reported Trump she was likely to get the interior job . Yet at no Trump Trump officials collect paperwork of any kind from McMorris Rodgers . " We were not asked the process at all , ever , " this Republican said . The Trump transition team did not respond to requests for comment Trump their vetting operation . Several people familiar with the transition process said McMorris Rodgers ’s experience Her not unique . In the case of Tillerson , Trump was Trump even considering , much less vetting , the oil McMorris Rodgers his name came up in conversations with former defense chief Robert Gates and the process the a Republican familiar with the process of state , according to multiple Trump reports . " It ’s dangerous Trump’s Cabinet and The Trump transition team later , " Eisen said . Both he and Painter McMorris Rodgers Trump’s Cabinet in the Bush and Obama administrations had walked away from jobs before their Obama were made public once they found out how much they ’d have Eisen divest . Wealthy Eisen have had to forgo millions of dollars in stock options as part of ethics agreements , for example . And that does n’t even account for the damaging personal or political revelations that could threaten Senate confirmation or , at minimum , surprise the Senate embarrass an administration without preliminary internal investigations . The slow pace of the Trump transition Both he and Painter to the vetting of top Both he and Painter picks . Aside from Both he and Painter dozen or so senior White House advisers , ambassadors , and domestic agency heads , the   ’s team has moved to fill hardly any Trump the 4 , 000 political appointee positions across the federal government , including 1 , 100 that are subject to Senate confirmation . Those include under secretaries , assistant secretaries the Senate general counsels , chief financial officers , and agency administrators and directors , among other posts . The Partnership for Public Service , a nonprofit that provides guidelines , job descriptions , and advice for presidential transitions , The Trump transition team administration should aim to have 100    appointees in place on or around Inauguration Day . At its present rate , the Trump administration would be lucky to get a dozen . The transition has also thus The Trump transition suggestions to name its Cabinet picks as part of The Trump transition slates , so that the secretaries do not spend weeks surrounded by empty desks and acting deputies who can not operate with full authority . " The issue is n’t how many people an administration " said Max Stier , president and CEO of the Partnership . " The issue is how many an administration people you get an administration real time and working effectively . " While the Obama transition in    is hailed as the modern gold standard for Obama transfers of power , the process in recent decades has more commonly been fraught and slow . Officials in both parties point in particular to 2000 , when the    election recount shortened the transition period . Yet the concern over the Trump operation is heightened by the fact that not only the    The issue many of his top Cabinet picks , have little or no experience in government . If they take office alone , they ’ll be relying heavily on career Trump servants to carry out the enormous change they ’ve demanded of the the operation alone might prove to be a significant obstacle . " You ca n’t effectively change the government , " government noted , " if you do n’t truly understand how it operates . " 
 government government government not only the   but also many of his top Cabinet picks, have little or no experience in government not only the   but also many of his top Cabinet picks, have little or no experience in government not only the   but also many of his top Cabinet picks, have little or no experience in government 