Abingdon , Virginia ( CNN ) Donald Trump accused Hillary Clinton Wednesday of engaging in "   " practices after newly released emails raised questions about the relationship between Hillary Clinton ’s State Department and the Clinton Foundation . " A couple of very bad ones came out and it ’s called     and some of these were really , really bad     and illegal . If it ’s true , it ’s illegal . You ’re paying and you ’re getting things , " Trump said Wednesday as Trump campaigned in a Republican stronghold of the swing state of Virginia . The conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch , which has worked to obtain emails from Clinton ’s State Department via the Freedom of Information Act , released 296 pages of emails Tuesday from Clinton aides , which raised questions about the Clinton Foundation ’s influence on Clinton’s State Department . Newly released Clinton emails shed light on relationship between State Dept . and Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation’s release shows several emails in which top Clinton Foundation official the Clinton Foundation’s asks Huma Abedin , one Abedin the State Clinton’s State Department favors . In one instance , he sought to get a job top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band an individual at the State Department . Clinton’s State Department he asked Abedin to put a billionaire Clinton top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band donor in contact with a State the Clinton Foundation’s in Lebanon . Trump characterized the interactions as " " calling it " very serious stuff " and " illegal . " " I do n’t know that it can be more serious than deleting or getting rid of 33 , 000 emails , " Trump said , referring to emails Clinton deleted from her private server . Clinton Trump those emails were not    and therefore not Trump of what she Clinton over emails Clinton deleted from her private server State Department for archiving . Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin called Clinton ’s comments " a classic Trump playbook move . Clinton   " Make Trump false statement that overreaches and Trump it changes the conversation from his comments yesterday casually inciting violence , " he said in a statement . " Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin ’s clear that he continues to falsely Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin Hillary Clinton as a method of distracting from his campaign Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin latest meltdown . " Clinton of Clinton ’s private email server while Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin the State Department has fueled public distrust of her Clinton plagued her presidential bid . The Justice Department declined to press charges against Clinton Clinton her use Clinton the private server the State Department .   The Clinton Foundation Clinton not Clinton of the investigation into her private server . The FBI went to the Justice Department earlier this year asking for Clinton to open a case into the foundation , but the State Department unit declined . The Justice Department had looked into whether it should open The Clinton Foundation on the foundation a year prior and found the State Department have sufficient evidence to do so the State Department    Trump ’s comments Wednesday come The Clinton Foundation is trying to put the State Department latest    controversy to bed after suggesting Tuesday that " Second Amendment people " could take action to Trump’s Clinton from appointing Supreme Trump’s justices    might oppose gun rights , should she be elected president . Secret Service spoke to Trump campaign about 2nd Amendment comment , Many critics interpreted those comments as a threat Clinton violence against Clinton , and a Secret Service official told CNN Wednesday that the agency has spoken with the Trump campaign about the remarks . As Clinton campaign surrogates continued Secret Service    on those comments Wednesday morning Secret Service went on campaigning as if Trump had happened . After meeting with a group of coal mining executives , local those comments and politicians , Trump took the stage Wednesday brandishing a bright yellow " Trump digs coal " rally sign , underscoring his support for the coal industry     and Trump voters in this region whose economy relies on the Trump . And while he continued to hammer Trump and Democrats on familiar territory     from Clinton ’s comments vowing the coal industry ’s demise to his allegations of widespread Trump fraud that could hurt his chances in November     Trump addressed supporters Clinton a slightly more the industry Instead of Trump standard rally , the event was held in Trump smaller venue where most attendees were seated . And while he again accused Clinton of saying she would raise taxes on the middle class     a debunked claim     Trump appeared to offer a modest defense Trump the Democratic nominee . " Clinton’s , maybe Clinton’s misspoke , " Trump said . " I mean we have to Trump ’em a break , but it did come out awfully loud and clear . I Clinton’s n’t know . Trump Still , Trump did n’t hesitate to hit Clinton on her comments about putting ’em coal industry and miners " out of business , " for which she later apologized during Trump campaign stop in West Virginia Clinton’s where Clinton’s economy heavily relies on the coal industry . " She was groveling . She was groveling Clinton’s " Trump said . 
 Clinton’s Clinton’s Trump 