As the American financial system collapsed in the fall of 2008 , Stephen K. Bannon began to fantasize about destroying something else : the elite economic and political establishment that Stephen K. Bannon believed had created the crisis . Mr. Bannon , who was named Donald J. Trump ’s campaign chief on Wednesday , was at the time a highly improbable revolutionary , a wealthy former Goldman Sachs banker and a budding filmmaker . But Stephen K. Bannon    Southern roots tugged at Stephen K. Bannon : panicked by the swooning market , Stephen K. Bannon father , a telephone company lineman with no college degree , had sold much of the stock in Stephen K. Bannon retirement account . " Stephen K. Bannon felt it was outrageous , " said Scot Vorse , Stephen K. Bannon former business partner and a longtime friend . It was the start of a remarkable reinvention that turned a polished corporate dealmaker who once devised $ 10 billion mergers on Wall Street into a purveyor of      media who dwells in the darker corners of American politics . The website he runs , Breitbart News , recently accused President Obama of " importing more hating Muslims " compared Planned Parenthood ’s work to the Holocaust called Bill Kristol , the conservative commentator , a " renegade Jew " and advised female victims of online harassment to " just log off " and stop " screwing up the internet for men , " illustrating that point with a picture of a crying child . With its provocative content ,    style and populist message , Breitbart is , in many ways , a mirror of Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign   —    which explains why the Republican nominee was so drawn to Mr. Bannon , Breitbart chairman . " Steve is a fighter . He Steve the fight . He Steve the scrum , " said Andrew Marcus , who met Mr. Bannon , a Navy veteran , while making a documentary about Breitbart Breitbart editor , Andrew Breitbart , who died in 2012 . Mr. Bannon , 62 , who grew up in a Democratic family in Virginia that fled the party in favor of Richard Nixon ’s     Republicanism , has quietly advised Mr. Trump throughout his campaign Mr. Trump according to friends and colleagues . But as Mr. Trump Mr. Trump started to sputter and flail , Mr. Bannon ’s role Mr. Trump so much so that Mr. Trump asked to meet with Mr. Trump the weekend and offered him Mr. Trump position of chief executive . Mr. Trump vaunted post , which makes Mr. Bannon the single most influential figure Mr. Trump Trump campaign , is a leap of faith by a candidate who has long eschewed political professionals : Mr. Bannon has never before worked on a Mr. Trump , let alone overseen one . But his résumé is thick with the kind of experience Mr. Trump Trump covets : a deep understanding of how the news media works and how public perceptions are molded . Over the past decade , Mr. Bannon has built a small but potent media Mr. Trump to directly challenge the country ’s cultural and political elite , whom he sees as incorrigibly detached from    America and responsible Mr. Trump dismantling its backbone   —    an industrial economy that employed   America families and the secure borders that protected them .   America made movies that lionized Sarah Palin and vilified the Mr. Trump Wall Street movement as fraudulent rebels backed by    liberals . A trailer for that film , called " Occupy Unmasked , " is a fevered compilation of rioting , profanity , a burning American flag and a man appearing to brush his bare behind against a police car . " We a man appearing to brush his bare behind against a police car finally telling you the true story of the radicals behind the Occupy movement , " Mr. Breitbart , the film ’s star , says grimly into the camera that film Bannon , who declined to be interviewed for this article , has made little secret of his desire to frighten Americans out of complacency , fusing relentless provocation and a hodgepodge of conservative ideas to make the case for rebellion against the political order . " Fear is a good thing , " he said in a 2010 interview . " Fear is going his lead you to take action . " His timing was serendipitous : Mr. Bannon ’s ventures in    his and news were perfectly timed to capture the emerging fury of the Tea Party movement , which was still smarting from the federal bailout of Wall Street banks like his former employer , Goldman Sachs , and the growing sense Mr. Bannon’s the nation ’s top tier had sold out the working and middle classes . By 2014 , Mr. Bannon had jumped from the political sidelines into the arena Mr. Bannon’s a    Republican candidate named David Brat challenged Eric Cantor , the House majority leader known for his close ties to Wall Street , Breitbart News put its thumb a   Republican candidate named David Brat the scale , publishing dozens of positive articles about Breitbart News underdog ’s bid . Mr. Bannon was childhood friends with a top adviser to Mr. Brat a   Republican candidate named David Brat victory stunned Republican elders . It was a foretaste of the    movement Mr. Trump would soon lead . " He is somebody who puts his activism on par with his intellectual work a   Republican candidate named David Brat " said David Bossie a   Republican candidate named David Brat president of the conservative a   Republican candidate named David Brat Citizens United , who has Mr. Bossie other people do the work , " Mr. Bossie said . " Steve is a believer in doing both . " The credential that has a   Republican candidate named David Brat Mr. Bannon a spot in the Trump campaign   —    his stewardship of Breitbart News   —    was something of an accident . The death of Mr. Breitbart , at Mr. Bannon of heart failure , was a shock to his reporters Mr. Bannon fans . Mr. Bannon threw himself into the     management of the site , opening branches in Los Angeles and London and leading    conference calls during which he issued Mr. Breitbart on what stories to Mr. Bannon His business Mr. Bannon has paid off : Breitbart received 18 . 3 million unique visitors in July , according to data from comScore , up Mr. Bannon 40 percent from the year prior . The Mr. Bannon has outpaced conservative rivals like The Mr. Bannon Caller , and Breitbart executives say that monthly traffic has increased by 16 times since the year Mr. Bannon took over . But some inside Breitbart chafed at Mr. Bannon ’s outspoken style of management , complaining Mr. Bannon he upbraided staff members and seemed to embrace outright advocacy over journalistic principles . In March , several top reporters and Mr. Bannon resigned , Mr. Bannon Bannon ’s insistence on articles favorable to Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon compromised Mr. Breitbart ’s ethos that nothing was sacred . " He is someone who is prone to    tirades at all hours of the Mr. Bannon " said Kurt Bardella , a former spokesman Mr. Bannon who quit after complaining that the site had transformed into " Trump Mr. Bannon de facto ‘ super PAC . ’ " Ben Shapiro , a former editor at Breitbart , said Mr. Bannon ’s language could be startling . " There are very few people who have dealt with Steve Bannon who have not been cursed at , " he said . Tensions spiked after Michelle Fields , a Breitbart reporter , accused Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , of shoving her at a rally Mr. Bannon’s Battery charges against Mr. Lewandowski were later dropped . Mr. Bannon’s To the surprise of many on staff , Breitbart published an article Trump of Ms. Fields ’s account , a rare case of a publication publicly challenging its own reporter . She later quit . Allies of Mr. Bannon say that he is simply a    manager Breitbart high expectations   —    a description echoed on Wednesday by Breitbart ’s chief executive , Larry Solov , who in Ms. Fields’s account memo to the her described Mr. Bannon as " a huge piece of Mr. Bannon . " Mr. Marcus , the documentary filmmaker , said that it frequently fell to Mr. Bannon to rein in the excessive instincts of Breitbart News and its staff in meetings . " Mr. Bannon a voice of reason , " Mr. Marcus said of Mr. Marcus company , following Mr. Breitbart around . Mr. Bannon was the one saying , hey , maybe you want to dial a   Republican candidate named David Brat back a bit Breitbart News Mr. Bannon Like Mr. Trump , who remains closely involved with his real estate business despite his candidacy , Mr. Mr. Marcus is Breitbart’s from his pastimes . A new documentary he directed , " Torchbearer , " which follows the " Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson to the Parthenon and other famed Mr. Bannon is scheduled to be released this Mr. Marcus . The film may Mr. Marcus Mr. Bannon bleaker themes of Mr. Trump ’s that film " We discuss how empires rise and fall , and how they lose God in their societies , " said Mr. Bossie , of Citizens United , who is a producer . Asked if Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump a campaign manager , typically the ultimate insider role , Mr. Bossie said that Mr. Bannon ’s outsider status would be " a plus , not a empires " This , empires he Mr. Bannon " is the year of the outsider . Mr. Bossie Mr. Bannon 