’   ’ "    Democrats and Republicans have issued rare echoes of each    other in calling on FBI Director James Comey to quickly release    as much information as possible related to FBI Director James Comey bombshell Friday    letter that the bureau   into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email    server . " ’    The shocking revelation led to a wave of panic on the left and a    chorus of cheers on the right . But both sides wanted extended    information released to either quench those fears or back up    both sides assertions . ’ ’    It was perhaps the most politically consequential letter Comey    could have issued . With just 11 days to go until Election Day ,    calls for additional information came flying in . ’ ’    In Comey letter to congressional leaders , Comey said the team    in charge of looking into Clinton’ ’s use of a private email server    briefed Comey Thursday on new emails it found " in connection with    an unrelated case . " ’ ’    " The FBI can not yet assess whether or not this material may be    significant , " Comey wrote , adding , " I can not predict how long it    will take us to complete this additional work . " ’ ’    Officials later said the additional emails uncovered were in    connection with an investigation into the sexting scandal    surrounding former Rep. Anthony Weiner   —    the estranged husband of    top Clinton aide Huma Abedin . ’ ’    The   of the new    information were capped by an     press conference    convened by Clinton Clinton Friday evening , during which Clinton    insisted the FBI director must release " pertinent " information    " immediately . " ’ ’    " The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts    immediately , " Clinton told reporters before taking    questions .   ’ ’    When asked about the connection to the Weiner investigation , Clinton    said Clinton had " heard these rumors . " But until additional    information is released , " we don’’t know what to believe . "   ’ ’ Clinton campaign chairman    John Podesta   —    who is caught up in ’ ’ Clinton campaign chairman   John Podesta   own email worries , as    WikiLeaks continues to dump large quantities of messages hacked    from ’ ’ Clinton campaign chairman   John Podesta   personal account   —    called on Comey to " provide the full    details of what Comey is now examining , " saying that Comey " owes it to    the American people . " ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , insisting that there    " has always been more froth than fact on this issue , " called on Comey to be transparent . ’ ’   ’ ’    And going even further , Democratic National Committee Interim    Chair Donna Brazile called Comey’ ’s letter " irresponsible . " ’ ’    " The FBI has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political    matters   —    even the faintest appearance of using the agency ’s    power to influence our election is deeply troubling , " she wrote       a statement . " At the very least , Director Comey must       address the serious outstanding questions over what ,       his Director Comey means , and what action or actions his Director Comey    plans to take . " ’ ’   ’ ’    On the right , meanwhile , the calls themselves the right, meanwhile, the calls themselves for transparency   from Comey transparency    from Comey Director Comey nearly identical   —    although they the right, meanwhile, the calls themselves for transparency   from Comey from a    completely different viewpoint . ’ ’    Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Republican nominee Donald Trump’ ’s    running mate , used nearly identical language to Clinton . He Republican nominee Donald Trump’ that the FBI should " immediately "    release emails " pertinent " to the investigation . Top Trump    surrogate and former House Speaker   said he Top Trump   surrogate and former House Speaker   with Podesta ,    tweeting that the " American people deserve to know before       Top Trump   surrogate and former House Speaker   . " ’ ’    Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , a top Trump Top Trump    and 2016    GOP presidential candidate ,   Pence and Gingrich . ’ "    And Sen. Ron Johnson , who has not gone out of his way to boost    Trump ’s candidacy , released a lengthier statement . " ’    Johnson , the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee ,    said it’ ’s " in line " with Comey’ ’s " commitment " to transparency    that he it’ release " as much information " on the new    developments " as possible . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 