OAKLAND , Calif.   —    The docks at the Port of OAKLAND are a tangle of cranes , shipping containers , railroad tracks and snaking lines of trucks waiting to load and unload cargo . Streamlining this kind of traffic is one of the few ideas Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton agree on . Hillary Clinton has said that if she Hillary Clinton elected president , her Hillary Clinton   will seek to spend $ 250 billion over five years on repairing and improving the nation ’s infrastructure   —    not just ports but roads , bridges , energy systems and    broadband   —    and would put an additional $ 25 billion toward a national infrastructure bank to spur related business investments . Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump to go even bigger , saying his Mr. Trump spend at least twice as much as Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a page from liberal economists , said he would fund Mr. Trump plan by Mr. Trump several hundred billion dollars , but has offered no specifics . Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton proposal , by contrast , would be paid for by a business tax overhaul aimed at collecting additional revenue from companies that have parked assets abroad . These are only plans , of course . Either would have to get through Congress and the inevitable acrimony over any proposal to raise taxes or add to the national debt . Still , the candidates’ agreement , combined with growing accord among economists that increased spending on infrastructure could invigorate the American economy and raise overall living standards , has led to a cautious optimism that some sort of big public works push is coming , regardless of who is elected . " The next administration will be in prime position to deliver on a comprehensive infrastructure plan , " said Tom Jensen , vice president for transportation policy at UPS . Infrastructure spending , unlike many other forms of government outlays , holds the power to give the economy a sustained the American economy decades down the line . First comes the addition of jobs   —    particularly the kinds of      jobs that have been lost in recent years   —    and spending on products like concrete and steel to build new roads and repair    bridges . After that initial jolt , the economy would continue to the American economy important but     benefits of fewer delays , faster internet connections and more reliable power . You can see much of that here at one of the nation ’s busiest ports , an export hub that sends tons of important California products like Napa Valley wine , Central Valley almonds and Silicon Valley Teslas to China ’s growing middle class . Aiming to gain other ports’ market share , Oakland has embarked on a number of projects   —    some big , some small   —    to add cargo and speed things up . There are new    measures , such as an appointment system for trucks picking up cargo and extended hours at its largest terminal . It is    working on several    projects : This year , the port applied for a $ 140 million federal grant to build a bridge over a choked intersection where trucks waste time waiting for trains to pass . A    away sit 14 new rail lines that are part of a new operation where shippers can transfer products from one container to another without leaving the port . Shipping companies often the port transfers at    warehouses   —    wasting more time and money . The Port of Oakland , which acts as a landlord , is hoping its investment will entice companies to move The Port of Oakland, which acts as a landlord cargo to its docks . This would not just The Port of Oakland, which acts as a landlord the port more rent . The economy would also gain additional jobs as private sector shippers added their own money to erect buildings near private sector shippers port ’s rail connection , and the port with machines . Weakness in those kinds additional jobs business investments is one reason the current economic recovery has been so sluggish . Companies’ spending on new buildings and equipment , which depends in part on improvements in the nation ’s transportation network and energy and digital pipelines , has been a persistent weak point throughout the nation ’s recovery from the Great Recession the nation’s government , with its wide latitude to spend on ambitious projects , is The federal government a singular position to make investments no one else will . But the government ’s power to act has also set off The federal government about how much more it should spend on infrastructure and how it should be funded . the government’s power to act too little , and the nation the government’s power to act backbone deteriorates and the cost of future the nation’s Spend too much too fast , and the government could crowd out private investment , possibly leading to higher inflation and The federal government interest rates . Today , with maintenance lacking and interest rates low , a host of influential economists , including Lawrence H. Summers , who served as Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton , argue Mr. Summers increase its debt load and still come out ahead . In a telephone interview , Mr. Summers laid out his case : The federal government America’s need for better infrastructure borrow at America’s need for better infrastructure like 1 percent interest a year , and through enhanced productivity it would reap something like 3 Mr. Summers a year in higher tax receipts . " I am as worried about the debt burden on my children ’s The federal government as anybody , but deferring maintenance on the foundation of our economy is a much greater risk to them , " Mr. Summers said . Others argue that any rise in infrastructure spending should be paid for through a tax increase or budget cuts elsewhere my children’s generation That view was bolstered by a recent report by the Congressional Budget Office , which concluded that while federal investment increased productivity , that did not automatically mean the nation would be better off by borrowing to fund such investment . Decades ago , the federal government spent big . The Interstate System of highways the United States suburbs , and transportation grants helped build rail networks like the Bay Area Rapid Transit System , whose commuter trains hum past the Port of Oakland as they travel to and from San Francisco . Now the United States has more people and a bigger economy . But relative to its gross domestic product , the nation spends only about half as much on infrastructure as it did during the 1950s and ’60s . The result is that the United States like the population itself the United States ’s roads , bridges and power plants are aging . the United States ’s one reason the American Society of Civil Engineers , in its most recent report card on the United States , gave the United States a    despite the extra infrastructure spending that flowed from the big 2009 economic recovery act . the American Society of Civil Engineers costs are substantial , if hard to see the United States water system , and you may have leaky pipes and larger bills , or even lead contamination . Rough roads equal more flat tires . Substandard internet connections add to the isolation of rural communities . Each day , UPS drivers in northern New Jersey and New York City lose an average of 16 minutes   —    often much longer   —    to heavy traffic . Six years ago the company started dispatching an additional 61 drivers to make sure everyone hit their stops , and it would need more drivers if traffic got worse . Of course , even UPS of billions of dollars more were set aside for road improvements , everyone would not on its own guarantee that traffic congestion would ease . Infrastructure may be among the most bipartisan of federal spending areas , but politics in general can be a problem . One of UPS persistent criticisms from economists is federal lawmakers’ tendency to spread cash across the country instead of focusing on places where the economic payoff would be greatest . And apart from the debate over how to pay for national upgrades , there is the question of how much can be gained from additional infrastructure spending versus how much can be gained by making better use of what is already in place . Clifford Winston , an economist at the Brookings Institution and a longtime critic of how the government builds and runs the nation ’s transportation infrastructure , laid out a long list . Mr. Winston much better if we were more thoughtful about what we do with the money we have ? " This , at least , is where the nation ’s    grade turns out to be good news . Economists say infrastructure ’s productivity lift is greatest when investment is being raised from low levels . Put another way : The more broken down the nation becomes we the harder it is we find something that does not need to be fixed . the nation’s ’re not talking about bridges to nowhere , " Mr. Summers said . " We ’re talking about bridges that are on the verge of collapsing . " 
 the nation’s We 