’’ ’Donald Trump yesterday completely reversed ’Donald Trump yesterday on whether or not ’Donald Trump yesterday would commit U. S. combat troops to the fight against ISIS , even as ’Donald Trump yesterday bragged that ’Donald Trump yesterday has the " steady hands " necessary to manage the country ’s foreign policy in an increasingly dangerous world.’ ’As Belgian authorities struggle to deal with the aftermath of what appears to be two murderous bombings in Brussels on Tuesday for which ISIS has claimed credit , the question of whether the country ’s next commander in chief has thought clearly about how to deal with the terror group is on the minds of many.’ ’Trump did n’t do much to inspire confidence on Monday.’ ’Less than two weeks before , on March 10 , at the most recent Republican presidential debate , Trump was asked about his Trump on using U. S. troops to fight ISIS . His Trump was clear : The U. S. send in troops , wipe out ISIS , and ISIS out.’ ’"We really have no choice , " the GOP ’s leading contender for the presidential nomination said . " We have to knock out ISIS . We ISIS to We the hell out of them . We have to We rid of it . And the hell come back and rebuild our country , We is falling apart . We have no We . " ’ " Asked how many troops he would commit , Trump said , " I would listen to the generals , but I ’m hearing numbers of 20 , 000 to 30 , 000 . We have to knock them out fast the generals …      So , the answer is we have to We them out . the generals have to We them out fast the generals And we have to We back home . And we have to We our country , which is falling apart . " " ’But in an interview with The Washington Post editorial board on Monday , Trump denied having said that he would commit Trump ’Deputy editorial page editor Jackson Diehl asked the billionaire , " Could I ask you about ISIS , speaking of making commitments , because you talked recently about possibly sending 20 or 30 , 000 troops and   —   " ’ ’Interrupting Diehl , Trump said , Trump No I did n’t , oh no no no , okay , I know what you ’re saying . There was a question asked to me . I said that the military , the generals have said that    to 30 , 000 . They said , the generals you send troops ? I did n’t say send 20 , 000 . I said , well the generals are the generals ’d need because they , what would the generals take to wipe out ISIS , I said pretty much exactly this , I said the generals , the the generals the military would need    to 30 , 000 troops , but I did n’t say that I would send them . " ’ the military if he would commit troops if in fact some generals told him that was what was needed he defeat ISIS , Trump let fly with this barrage of words:’ ’"I find it hard to go along with   —    I mention that as an example because it ’s so much . That ’s why I brought that up . But a couple of people have said the same thing as you , where they said , ‘ Did I a couple of people that,’ and a couple of people said that that ’s a number that I heard would be needed . I would find it very , very hard to send that many troops to take care of it . I would say this it I would put tremendous pressure on other countries that are over there to use their troops and I ’d give many troops tremendous air supporters and support many troops because we have to get rid of ISIS , okay , just so   —    we have to get rid of we . I would get other ISIS to become very much involved . " ’ ’Bottom line takeaway from the Post interview is that Trump ’s position today is the opposite of the one he took at the Republican debate Trump than two weeks ago.’ ’Trump clarified his new position , sort of Trump hours later when he was interviewed by Wolf Blitzer Trump CNN . Turns out he might be in favor of Trump number of troops he cited in the debate   Trump    just not their source.’ " " I would n’t deploy 20 , 000 , " he said . " I ’d Trump people from that part of the world to put up the troops , and I ’d certainly give them air power and air support people some military support    …      I would never ever put up 20 , 000 or 30 , 000 . " " ’Also yesterday , trump artfully dodged another ISIS related question from the Post.’ ’When Fred Ryan , the paper ’s publisher and CEO , asked whether he would consider using a tactical trump weapon against ISIS forces , he began , ISIS I do trump want to use , I do n’t want to start the process of nuclear . Remember the one thing that everybody has said , I ’m a counterpuncher . Rubio hit me . Bush hit me . When I trump low energy , he ’s a    individual , trump hit me first . I trump , by the way he spent 18 million dollars’ worth trump negative ads on me . That ’s putting   trump   " ’ 
 