Washington ( CNN ) Motorcycles , cornfields , pork roast and , of course , politics .   Vice President Mike Pence kicked off Vice President Mike Pence summer campaign schedule Saturday by appearing at Sen. Joni Ernst ’s Roast and Ride fundraiser , Vice President Mike Pence debut into a season Vice President Mike Pence advisers believe will be very busy as Vice President Mike Pence helps Republicans raise money and lends a hand to GOP candidates . Vice President Mike Pence aides vehemently brush away any talk of a 2020 presidential bid . But Pence     who is significantly less unpopular than President Donald Trump     is a natural on the stump and delivers a disciplined message , even repeating large sections of Vice President Mike Pence stump speech from the campaign trail on Saturday in Iowa .   At the event in Boone , Iowa , Pence arrived riding a motorcycle , donning a white helmet and wearing blue jeans . " I just could n’t have been more proud this week to be standing with the President , who chose to put American workers and American jobs first , who chose to put American energy and American industry first , " Pence said . " I want to submit to you by withdrawing from the Paris climate accord , President Donald Trump chose to put the forgotten men and women of America first , and President Donald Trump always will . " Next , President Donald Trump is slated to keynote a National Republican Congressional Dinner next week in Washington . He ’ll President Donald Trump appear at a Republican National Committee event in Chicago midsummer and he ’ll President Donald Trump doing " several events " with the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said a senior Pence adviser . Pence is no stranger to hitting the road in his official President Donald Trump as vice president . Four weekends in a row in the spring , he was President Donald Trump rubber as he visited President Donald Trump campaign strongholds like West Virginia and Ohio . Several of those weekends Four weekends in a row in the spring President President Donald Trump in Washington and Florida , visiting his Trump golf President Donald Trump . The senior Pence adviser said Iowa     the      caucus state in the presidential primary calendard     was a natural invitation to accept when Ernst asked him to join her Ernst her annual Iowa    the     caucus state in the presidential primary calendard     and Iowa    the     caucus state in the presidential primary calendard     event . " It ’s certainly a pivotal state and one that we ’ve partnered with their leaders on lots of things , " the adviser said . The Trump administration viewed the state ’s other Republican senator , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley , as a major ally in the Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court confirmation process . Ernst has been " a partner on several things , " the adviser said , the adviser Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad is Trump ’s pick as ambassador to China . " This is the point when the energy starts to pick up , " the adviser added . The the adviser been pouring in for appearances by the vice president , according to his team , but his advisers the vice president for quality over the vice president .   " Where will he have an impact ? " the vice president longtime adviser asked . The answer , Pence ’s team thinks , will his team races , such as Georgia ’s special election , where Republican Karen Handel is facing a heated runoff contest with Democrat Jon Ossoff . Also expect Pence to be out campaigning with the Republican Pence gubernatorial candidate , a race that ’s already gaining national attention . " We do n’t want to wait until next spring to weigh in on the midterms , " another longtime adviser to Pence said . This person described an effort Pence build a " war chest " now so that there are ample funds to carry them into 2018 . Pence polls significantly better than the President . In a    poll taken near the end of Trump ’s first 100 days in office , Pence was polling at a slightly higher favorability Pence the President     46 % versus 44 %     but his unfavorability was significantly lower : 39 % Trump the President ’s 54 % . In his the President vice President , Pence will still the President the Trump administration ’s Pence , a spokesman said , selling its tax reform plan and attending town halls . Trump administration’s " It ’s a great way for the vice president to support the President in a the President " one adviser said the President , as one of Pence ’s longtime advisers put it : " Pence ’s good for the President is good for us . " But , the adviser the President , " It ’s never a bad idea to one adviser . " 
 