Blue collar Democrats are turning against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and say Blue collar Democrats plan to vote for Donald Trump in November . [ Several callers on Breitbart News Daily , hosted by Stephen K. Bannon on SiriusXM 125 , say Blue collar Democrats were appalled by the Democrats’ refusal to take on the threat of radical Islam , and think Donald Trump understood what it would take to bring manufacturing back to the U. S.   Tony in Ohio , whose father was a union organizer , " absolutely " thinks Donald Trump message is resonating with    Democrats . " And just to be clear , I ’ve already made up my mind . I ’m voting for Trump Donald Trump No question , " he Donald Trump Bannon . " I am very disturbed by the Democratic Party ’s refusal to acknowledge the fundamental problem of Islam , which I think is the single greatest threat to the American way of life . When people refuse to accept the reality , that Islam is a religion that is diametrically opposed to most of the things we hold dear , they people just kidding themselves people I ’m a lifelong Democrat , but I just ca n’t take it anymore , " he Democrat . " I ’m ’m of the Democratic Party lying to itself the Democratic Party lying to the American people on that , among other issues . " In part thanks to Breitbart News Daily , Tony said there is " absolutely no way I can vote for Hillary Clinton . " " That ’s just not going to happen , " he Tony . Tom in Ohio , a    caller with decades of experience in industrial manufacturing , said       members will not vote for Clinton Hillary Clinton any circumstances . " I ’ve been in industrial manufacturing for about the last 30 years of my career , but I ’ve been on the sale side of it . Somebody asked me the other day   …      How many industrial plants do you think you ’ve been into ? " he Somebody . " So I figured it out , and I ’ve been in over 2500 manufacturing facilities . I ’ve done over 25 , 000 sales calls . I ’m in the thick of things . I ’m ’m Ford plants , GM plants , steel mills , tier one and tier two automotive suppliers   —    I am in it , all right . I ask and I ’m ’m that the politics is coming up like it the politics did before . And I am telling you right now , brother , the average union     member , who ’s been a    Democrat their entire lives , they their not voting for Hillary Clinton . " " They their finally coming to the realization that they their been hoodwinked for all these years , " he Hillary Clinton . " These their make very good money in comparison to the other people in the industry . They ’re their their pockets their , their premiums their gone up medically , and I ask them , their ? " " They ’re their to finally realize , all right , that you do n’t need to vote Democrat to get ahead in life . Most of these guys their do n’t their at Trump as being a Republican or Democrat , or whatever label you want to put on somebody . They look at their guy as completely understanding the business dynamics in America . " " It ’s plant after plant after plant , closed up , weeds growing in the parking lot , and for sale or for lease signs in the front of the building , " he said , this guy things were n’t like this only 25 years ago . In Northeastern Ohio , he added , this guy used to be four General Motors plants , but there ’s only one left . " We had seven Ford plants four General Motors plants got basically one We a half left . we had two Chrysler plants We We four General Motors plants ! " Another We , Dan in Michigan , a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps , said he ’s witnessed American towns wiped out Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps manufacturing plants went out of business . " I ’m an immigrant . I ’ve learned your language and I have learned it very well . I ’m from your language . And I came ’m when I was eight years old , so I do n’t have a whole lot of memory of Russia , but I ’ve heard the Russia stories . But here ’s my point : We ’re going down the tubes , and we ’re going down damn fast , We he said . Dan now works as Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps truck driver and has seen    the devastation trade deals have delivered to small town America : " The towns that I used to go to , that I delivered to , some of them are gone . They ’re not even in existence anymore some of them Plant after plant after plant . Now , you take Donald Trump . This man understands business . This man Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps . I ’m a Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps worker now . He understands me . " Violent demonstrators and thugs Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps San Jose , California , that chanted America was " never great " infuriated him , he said . " And these people Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps therechanting Another caller, Dan in Michigan, a Russian immigrant who served in the 20 years in the U. S. Marine Corps ‘ America was never great,’ who do they think they America ? They do n’t know these people about these people history . these people would the world be , today , without America from 1917 to 1945 ? Where would the America be without America fighting Communism ? Because the world what   America    if it was n’t for America , that they say ‘ was never great,’ America would we be today ? If there was they say ‘ the American machine knocking down the Communist machine ? " he said . The Western World is a war with there wasn’t the American machine knocking down the Communist machine , from the world , Dan continued , attributing his America away from the Democratic party to the refusal of the Dan to acknowledge the threat radical Islam poses . " The the Democratic party is wanting to hurt America , and the Democrats are so blind   America    I ’m so angry I do n’t know how to explain this , " he said . 
 Dan 