After a week of chaos leading up to the event , Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ lecture at American University was interrupted by nearly 150 protesters and screaming Black Lives Matters student activists . [ Oh Thursday night , Yiannopoulos took the stage at American University , for another stop of his Yiannopoulos Dangerous Faggot Tour . " Although many of the visits on the his "Dangerous Faggot Tour attracted minor controversies , students at American American University their    students at American of Yiannopoulos’ lecture by vandalizing and destroying posters in the week leading up to the event .   With @Nero about to speak at AU , tense outside as event goers pass through student protest . pic . twitter .    —    Alejandro Alvarez ( @aletweetsnews ) April 22 , 2016 ,   Snapshots of tonight ’s protest against and event with Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) . pic . twitter .    —    The Eagle ( @TheEagleOnline ) April 22 , 2016 ,   According to onlookers , there were nearly 150 protesters outside the venue at American University , screaming at event goers as they quietly nearly 150 protesters outside the venue at American University the building for Yiannopoulos’ lecture .   As the event began , Milo threatened to donate $ 20 to the Donald Trump campaign for every unnecessary disruption , a remark which received significant applause and laughter . Despite this warning , Black Lives Matters protesters accused Yiannopoulos of " white supremacy " for his decision Milo wrap up the event the event    student was waiting at the microphone to ask a question . They called him Black Lives Matters protesters " an   student racist " and yelled at other students in the room who were defending Yiannopoulos’ right to speak .   During the lecture , an    protester rushed towards the stage with a sign that read " Roses are red , Violets are blue , Milo we are woke Black Lives Matters protesters tolerate you . " The protester was an   protester away from the stage by a the stage .   In the middle of the lecture , the lecture stood up with a sign that read , " Free Speech [ does not not equal ] Hate Speech , " suggesting that Yiannopoulos’ lecture contained hate speech and therefore should n’t have been permitted on campus . In response to this , and a question from another student , Yiannopoulos told the crowd that universities should tolerate all speech and are no longer cultivating an environment where the free and open expression of ideas is promoted .   The entire event was periscoped and can be viewed here . LIVE on # Periscope : Milo @ AU https :   .    —    Mike Ma ( black ) ( @MikeMa _ ) April 22 , 2016 , 
 