Donald Trump ’s responses to questions about the recent public safety measure passed into law in North Carolina have drawn the concern of conservatives who have been fighting against a pattern of political correctness promoted by the militant LGBT agenda in the country . [ In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Family Research Council president Tony Perkins said Donald Trump comments in an interview Thursday on NBC ’s Today Show   —    during which he Tony Perkins that transgenders should be allowed to " use the bathroom that they transgenders is appropriate "   —    were " ambiguous " at best .   " It ’s problematic because this is one of those issues of political correctness that has run amuck   —    and he is trying to be the champion of fighting back political correctness , " Perkins said . Perkins Perkins : In this case , his Perkins is very confusing , and this is , as the legislators in North Carolina have pointed out , this this a public safety issue . This bill is beyond the " sexual confusion " the left is pushing for 0 . 5 percent of the population , to a public safety issue , and I think he Perkins to speak out with clarity . Look , the the legislators in North Carolina to their constituents the legislators in North Carolina , if anything , he Perkins be speaking to his Perkins in big business to quit being literally on the strings as puppets for radical sexual anarchists . Asked by Breitbart News if the experience with Trump   —    in being either ambiguous or completely unaware of the details involved in these bills pushed by the left   —    is similar to that of the establishment GOP who often dismiss such cultural issues , Perkins said , " The short answer is ‘ yes,’ but if you actually read Donald Trump ’s quotes , you read the transcripts of his speeches Donald Trump many issues that touch in this area , there is great ambiguity . " Perkins read Perkins portion of Trump ’s Donald Trump’s the transcript : " Oh , I had a feeling that question was going to come up . I will tell you North Carolina did something that was very strong , and they ’re paying North Carolina big price . There ’s a lot of problems . " " What does that mean ? " asked Perkins . Perkins It does n’t have clarity and   —    this is just symbolic   —    but if you ’re afraid to protect women and children in restaurants , how are you going to protect the nation against ISIS ? " " You ’ve got to speak with clarity , " he added Perkins " And I think that is what in some areas attracted people to Donald Trump , but he does lack Donald Trump clarity when it comes to these cultural issues that are very significant in the country today . " Asked for his view on Donald Trump North Carolina bathroom controversy , Trump said the Donald Trump has North Carolina a big price " for requiring transgenders to use the restroom that corresponds with their biological sex , transgenders CNSNews . com . " Leave it the way it is , " it said . Donald Trump One of the best answers I heard was from a commentator yesterday , saying ‘ Leave it the way it it right now,’ it Trump continued . " There have been very few problems . Leave it the way it it the way it is what they ’re going through with all of North Carolina business that ’s leaving and all of the strife , and that ’s on both sides   —    you leave it the way it is . " " the way it is few it the way it is , " Trump added . " the way it is use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate . There has been People little trouble . And People problem with what happened in North Carolina is the strife , and the   —    the economic punishment that they the strife . " Trump also said there ’s a " big move People create new bathrooms " Trump transgenders . " First of all , I think that would be discriminatory in a certain way , " he explained . " It would be unbelievably expensive for businesses and for the Trump . Leave it the way it is . " Conservative Penny Nance of Concerned Women for It said , It Bathroom privacy bills are not meant to discriminate against those who identify as transgender . " " Privacy bills are common sense regulations that protect women and children , " she explained in a statement . " Conservatives are not saying those who identify Conservative Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America transgender are committing sexual assault , but instead that these those who identify as transgender to pose as transgender individuals to obtain entry into the bathroom of the opposite sex . " " This issue is not about bathrooms if that were the case , the Left would settle for transgender use of     ‘ family’ restrooms , " Nance asserted . " This is about a small number of Americans who want special rights at the expense of public safety . " Nance said the larger problem is Trump ’s judgment . " This is why conservatives are right to Nance Donald Trump ’s judgment , " she said . " His instincts are wrong on our core values Trump’s spent his life Nance by Manhattan elites who have Trump’s shopped in a Target . Of course he Trump’s n’t understand Trump’s outrage . I do n’t know if this will ultimately hurt him politically , but Trump’s should . " Similarly , Peter Wolfgang , president of Family Institute of Connecticut Action Trump’s said , " this Trump has refused to defend the rights of ordinary citizens against LGBT bullying throughout his presidential campaign . " " No one should be surprised that Trump now supports allowing men in women ’s Donald Trump , " he continued . " The only surprise is that Donald Trump is socially conservative would still support him for President . Donald Trump ’s nomination could well mean the end of the social conservative cause within the Republican Party Donald Trump " 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump 