Gary Johnson , the Libertarian Party presidential nominee , drew a parallel on Wednesday between the Syrian government ’s targeting of noncombatants in the Syrian government ’s civil war and the accidental bombing of civilians by United    forces . Attacking Hillary Clinton over what he Hillary Clinton as her Hillary Clinton interventionist instincts , Mr. Hillary Clinton to the hundreds of thousands of Syrian civilians killed by forces loyal to President Bashar    as well as civilian deaths caused by the    coalition , and said Mrs. Clinton , the former secretary of state , bore at least partial responsibility . But when pressed four times on whether he saw Hillary Clinton moral equivalence between deaths caused by the United States , directly or indirectly , and mass killings of civilians by Mr. Assad and his allies Hillary Clinton Mr. Johnson Hillary Clinton that he did . Hillary Clinton Well no , of course not   —    we ’re so much better than all that , " Mr. Johnson , a former New Mexico governor , said sarcastically . " We ’re so we better when in Afghanistan , we bomb the we and 60 people are killed in the hospital . the hospital remarks by Mr. Johnson came Hillary Clinton interview with The New York Times after a string of damaging stumbles when he has fielded questions Hillary Clinton foreign affairs . After failing to recognize the    Syrian city of Aleppo during a television interview Sept. 8 , Mr. Johnson had another Hillary Clinton on Sept. 28 , when he vainly tried to name Hillary Clinton foreign leader whom he admired . In the Hillary Clinton interview on Wednesday , Mr. Johnson conspicuously sought to Hillary Clinton misstep . Asked if he knew the name of North Hillary Clinton ’s leader , Mr. Johnson replied , " I Hillary Clinton " " You want me to name " the person , he said , then paused , before Hillary Clinton dryly , " Really . " But he declined to supply the name . Hillary Clinton Johnson complained that Mrs. the name of North Korea’s leader Hillary Clinton on her base of knowledge rather than her interventionist instincts . Mrs. Clinton Because Hillary Clinton can dot Mrs. Clinton i ’s and cross the Mrs. Clinton on geographic leaders , of the names of foreign leaders , " he said , " the underlying fact that Hillary Clinton of thousands of people have died in Syria goes by the wayside . " He charged that Mrs. Clinton " bears responsibility Hillary Clinton what ’s happened , shared Mrs. Clinton what ’s happened in Syria . I would not have put us in that situation from Syria   . " More than 400 , 000 people have been killed in the Syrian civil war , according to the United Nations . But Mr. Johnson complained that presidential candidates were expected Hillary Clinton tough about dealing with dictators like Mr. Assad or risk losing support . " This is what happens in this country right now   —    unless you ’re willing to say that you ’re going to get tough on this stuff , on these atrocities   —    and these atrocities are horrible   —    but unless you as a politician these atrocities   to do something about these atrocities then we ’re not going to elect you , " Mr. Johnson these atrocities   Mr. Johnson speculated about the deals or promises that the Obama administration may have dangled Mr. Johnson forces , but then said at other points that he was at a disadvantage discussing world events because he has not received the classified briefings Mr. Johnson the Democratic and Republican nominees for president have Mr. Johnson given . Mr. Johnson also declined to say whether his running mate , former Gov. William F. Weld Mr. Johnson , had warned him of his Mr. Johnson to change course and spend the remainder of the presidential campaign attacking Donald Mr. Johnson Trump Mr. Johnson the Republican nominee , as unqualified . Mr. Weld revealed those plans in an interview with The Boston Globe on Tuesday . " That may be his primary mission , " Mr. Johnson said of Mr. Weld ’s plans . " We ’re Mr. Weld scripted at all . And so I guess Mr. Weld be Hillary and his role will be Donald Trump . " But he insisted that Mr. Weld would not drop out at my role point and endorse Mrs. Clinton . " Absolutely my role " Mr. Mr. Weld when asked if Mr. Weld would fight on until Nov. 8 . Mr. Johnson said that the Mr. Johnson hunkering down and trying Mr. Weld an aggressive play to win his home state of Mr. Johnson , where polls show him in contention , had crossed his mind . But he conceded that Mr. Johnson chances of winning outright were all but gone . Mr. Johnson Right now it ’s a Mr. Johnson Mary , not Mr. Johnson in the Mr. Johnson debates , " he said . 
 Mr. Johnson 