’   ’ ’    The speeches   and   on Monday in response to the Orlando ,    Florida , terrorist attack laid out the key distinction in visions    between the two candidates . ’ "    One vision calls for doing approximately what we ’re doing now ,    with some improvements on the margins . One vision is    dystopian    urging our society to reject outsiders and arm    ourselves to our teeth to protect against threats that are    allegedly inherent in Islam . " "    You do n’t have to like the status quo very much to prefer the    former approach over the latter . " "    Clinton ’s view is that America ’s society , institutions , and    international relations are broadly working , but that they    institutions, and   international relations tweaks to protect us . She says Clinton we must make it    harder for certain people to buy certain kinds of guns , spend    more    certain kinds of intelligence , disrupt terrorism    financing , and intensify the military campaign against ISIS . " "    Trump ’s view is that everything is going to hell and that we need    a radical , authoritarian shift to protect ourselves . we says Trump    we must we to exclude Muslims from the US and arm ourselves    we to protect against violent attack , because Americans    and Muslims have a fundamental and unbridgeable difference in    values    " ’    Trump indulged in fever dreams , saying that " ’ ’    Clinton is a Democrat , but as the conservative writer Matthew    Continetti put it , she was the conservative writer Matthew   Continetti on security and    international relations , a consensus Trump is Trump to chuck . ’ "    So the question before voters is : Do we want Trump ’s Trump revolution , or do we want we stay the course ? " "    For me , the answer is easy . I was horrified by Trump ’s speech      it was the stupidest and scariest speech I ’ve ever heard him    give , which is a high bar . " ’    Trump , who has previously said that " Islam hates us , " accepts the    ISIS frame of a fundamental struggle between Islam and the West .    Trump’ ’s choice of this frame will increase sympathy for jihad    among Muslims abroad , making it . It insults it    of Muslim citizens of the US who love their country millions   of Muslim citizens of the US who love their country It surely it also scares them , since Trump’ ’s Trump’ are likely to inspire      hatred and violence . ’ "    All that said , Trump ’s appeal stems in part from the fact that    the bipartisan    War security consensus for which Clinton    speaks has had    failures , including the September 11 ,    2001 , attacks and the Iraq war . There is a strong sense among    Americans that what we ’re doing is n’t working , and that we need we to do something else . " ’    I get that impulse , but here’ ’s the thing : " Something else " is not    a    . If we are to abandon the status quo , we must we it    with something specific , and what Trump is proposing is far worse    than    status quo . ’ ’   ’ ’    The specific ideas Trump advances Trump a combination of isolationism    and aggression , of vitriolic rhetoric and neglect of allies , of    treating Muslims as an enemy and yet also saying that it would be    OK for Saudi Arabia to have a nuclear weapon    are worse than    whatever    are doing right now , even if you do not like exactly    what we are we right now . ’ ’    Several politicians , including Trump   have framed a hostile stance toward Islam    as necessary to protect the safety of LGBT Americans . It is    reasonable to raise concerns about global Muslim attitudes about    pluralism    and particularly about treatment of LGBT people in      countries , some of which sanction the death    penalty as punishment for homosexuality . ’ ’    But those who do raise these concerns , including Trump , should    note that opinion among Muslims in the US is very different than    it    abroad . ’ ’    A   found that 45 % of American Muslims think    homosexuality should be accepted by society , a higher figure than    for Mormons or evangelical Christians . That was up from 38 % in    2007    reflecting the fact that Muslim Americans , like all the    American religious groups studied by Pew , are becoming more    accepting of gays over time . ’ "    That is , we do n’t need to ask whether Islam can be compatible    with a modern , pluralistic society that protects the rights and    safety of LGBT people . In the US , we know we Islam is    compatible enough    approximately as compatible as various other    major religious traditions whose compatibility with Americanism    we do not routinely question . " "    There is a reason the attacks in Orlando and San Bernardino ,    California , though apparently based in extreme Islamist ideology ,    were not supported by a local terrorist network like the attacks    in Paris and Brussels . The reason a reason the attacks in Orlando and San Bernardino,   California, though apparently based in extreme Islamist ideology,   were not supported by a local terrorist network like the attacks   in Paris and Brussels America ’s Muslim    minority is      and not disposed to    harbor people who would harm other Americans .    attacks       a    , but they are a attacks    mitigated by American Muslim    communities , not exacerbated by them . " attacks       All of which is to say that America ’s Muslim communities are an    example of how our pluralistic society is working pretty well ,    not of how everything is broken . " ’    It’ ’s hard for people to be optimistic right now , but Clinton is    right to    the view that we are better off with small changes    than large ones , that we are better we being open to each other    than identifying specific religious groups as threats , and that    America has a pretty good thing going that we shouldn’’t just    throw away for an authoritarian approach to " safety . " ’ ’The speeches Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . .. ’ 
 