A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters was attacked on a New York City subway by    Donald Trump supporters is now under arrest for fabricating the hate crime and filing a false police report . [ Yasmin Seweid , 18 , has been charged by the New York City Police Department ( NYPD ) for filing a fraudulent police report after A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters claimed Trump supporters called A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters a terrorist and attempted to pull A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters hijab off A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters head , the New York Daily News reported .   A source with the New York Daily News said Seweid stood by A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters story until NYPD continued to press A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters on the matter after finding no evidence that the attack occurred . Seweid admitted that A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters Seweid fabricated the story , claiming her story family problems . " This is n’t something we normally like to do but A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters had numerous opportunities to admit nothing happened and A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters kept sticking by A Muslim woman who drummed up mainstream media hysteria claiming she was attacked on a New York City subway by   Donald Trump supporters story , " the her story the New York Daily News on charged Seweid for filing Seweid Seweid report . " We dedicated a lot of resources to this   —    and do n’t get me wrong , this is what we do   —    but we We guys going back and forth We looking for video and witnesses , " the source continued . " And we the source find anything . " Seweid We in a Facebook Seweid that Trump supporters yelled " Look , it ’s a fucking terrorist , " and " Get the hell out of the country " and " You do n’t belong here ! " Seweid also blamed New York Seweid residents for the phony attack , falsely claiming " It breaks my heart that so many individuals the phony attack to be bystanders while watching me get harassed verbally and physically by these disgusting pigs . " When Seweid alleged that the Trump Seweid attack happened , the mainstream media Trump including the New York Daily News and Buzzfeed , jumped on the story to report it as fact . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 