GOP frontrunner Donald Trump tells a young audience at St. Norbert College in De Pere , Wisconsin about success . [ " When you graduate , you want to get great jobs , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told a young audience at St. Norbert College in De Pere, Wisconsin about success . " If you want vacations , you ’re not really in the right business . "   The real estate mogul also told students that the unemployment rate is designed to make politicians and presidents look good , but that it the unemployment rate n’t account for people who have stopped looking for jobs . " The loving is more important than having that good business , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the young listeners . " People that have great relationships with their wives or husbands " have great happiness , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump explained . " Some of the most successful people in the world   …     they Some of the most successful people in the world   not necessarily happy people . " " Most people think success is measured in the form of monetary success . It ’s not really , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump added , saying that be believes a successful person is one that has a loving family . However , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump did acknowledge monetary success " does make life easier . " " Never give up , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told them . " You have to know about momentum . " " The word momentum is a very important word   …     it ’s a word you never hear when you think about success , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump explained , adding that it it " important . " Trump told the young listeners to slow down and focus on something else if they the young listeners feel that they the young listeners lost momentum . " There ’s a certain amount of luck , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump acknowledged . " The harder you work , the The you get . " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the crowd to remember to have " momentum , [ and to ] love what you do . " Trump Trump only a little about politics , taking swipes at rival GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and those that he rival GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz defeated such as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . 
 