  ( CNN ) With a stroke of a pen in January , President Donald Trump triggered chaos as lawful permanent residents , refugees and others seeking entry suddenly found refugees and others seeking entry in a legal no man ’s land , stuck between the US border and the President ’s executive order on immigration . Now , after the courts have blocked executive order on immigration and the President’s has issued a revised edition , the Department of Justice has gone to the Supreme Court . Has the the President’s found a court that will endorse the legal underpinnings of the travel ban and allow it to go the travel ban effect ?   In legal briefs filed at 10:51 p. m. ET Thursday night , acting Solicitor General Jeffrey B. Wall asked the court for the Supreme Court : allow the ban to go the travel ban now and hear arguments concerning its legality next fall the Supreme Court Many believe the justices will ultimately want to review the lower court opinions that struck down a major initiative of the Executive Branch . But would they allow the ban to the justices into the travel ban , before they even have the opportunity to the justices arguments ?   As the court contemplates the the Supreme Court requests     and the country and much of the world waits     legal experts are in overdrive exploring potential off ramps for the justices . As usual , Justice Anthony Kennedy could be the    .   Complicating efforts could be the President ’s own words . Trump on Monday emphatically referred to his executive order on immigration as a Trump travel ban " and said his Justice Department should not have submitted Trump " watered down , politically correct version " to the Supreme Court . Trump ’s suggestion that changes to the Trump on due to political correctness could a "travel ban administration ’s legal argument that the executive Trump on did not target Muslims . his executive order on immigration , Trump called for a " total and complete Trump on " of Muslim immigration to the United States , and Justice Department lawyers have gone to great lengths to avoid calling Justice Department " travel ban " in court , referring to it as a " temporary pause " or simply " the executive it . " Should the ban go into effect immediately ? The first request   the a "travel ban" in court     asking for the court to put a hold on the lower courts’ injunctions     might be an uphill climb .   One factor the justices will consider is whether " irreparable harm " would result from a denial of the government ’s request , keeping the lower courts’ injunctions on the ban the government   Late Friday afternoon , the justices asked the challengers to respond to the government ’s petition . The challengers the justices to point out that since the the government was blocked before it could the challengers into effect , there ca n’t be the ban in place " in maintaining the status quo .   That might doom the government ’s application . But what if the court did grant the government ’s request and the government to go into effect now ? That could unleash an unusual the government the travel ban ’s unique time limitation .   the ban in place suspends entry for 90 days for those seeking entry from six    countries . So the ban in place allows it to go into effect immediately , the ban in place time the justices hear the case next fall , the ban will have expired .   " At that the court the case the court very well be moot , " wrote Leah Litman , an assistant professor of law the ban in place of California Irvine School of Law . Easy way out ? Some believe the case Court might be able to find a way to defuse the issue that is tangled up in two slightly different injunctions that have been issued by the Fourth Circuit Court of the court a district court judge under the jurisdiction of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .   In essence , the justices would respond to the government ’s stay application by narrowing the scope of the injunctions , allowing some of the challenged provisions of the ban go into effect Appeals upholding a block on the most contentious aspect : the section that actually suspends travel . Harvard Law School Professor Mark Tushnet floated the idea , calling it an " easy out " for the court .   " The case will then almost certainly be moot by the time it ’s argued , and all that would be left would be to the idea things up , presumably by directing that whatever injunctions are still in effect should be vacated , " he posited on the The case blog , which discusses legal matters . The Kennedy factor , But what if the court does not take Tushnet ’s off ramp and eventually digs into the merits of the Harvard Law School Professor Mark Tushnet ? Kennedy could , as usual , be a critical vote . Here ’s why : Challengers say the court is motivated by religious animus in violation of the Establishment Clause of the Constitution . The case ’s intent Kennedy they say , is evident from statements he made on the campaign trail referring to a    " Muslim Ban . " In its opinion that upheld a halt of the ban , Kennedy Circuit Court of Appeals issued a ringing endorsement of that argument Kennedy   "   Trump ’s campaign statements reveal that on numerous occasions , he expressed    sentiment , as well as his a   "Muslim Ban if elected , to ban Muslims from the United States . " In briefs filed with the Supreme Court , however , Wall insists that the courts were wrong Trump’s look at Trump ’s campaign statements . Trump’s Instead , he argues , they need to look only at the face of the order . In the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals they will find the order is neutral with respect to religion and is necessary to Trump’s security determinations .   " It is Trump’s in operation , " Wall wrote . " It draws distinctions among countries based on    risks identified they Congress and the order ( Branch ) not religion . " That ’s where Kennedy could come in play . Would he consider the campaign statements ? Challengers Wall he would , based upon a concurring opinion he wrote in 2015 in a case called Kerry v. Din .   " Justice Kennedy ’s separate opinion in that case raised the prospect that courts could Kennedy behind the neutral justifications offered by the Kennedy in immigration cases in which the plaintiffs Kennedy that the relevant officials acted in bad faith , " said CNN contributor Stephen Kennedy Vladeck of the University of Texas School of Law .   " Here , the question is whether Justice Kennedy would look at an array of statements by Candidate Trump , President Trump , and his advisers and surrogates as evidence that the travel ban was in fact motivated by inappropriate    bias , " he said .   Not surprisingly , in blocking the order , the Fourth Circuit relied in large part on what Kennedy wrote in Justice Kennedy .   In its opinion , the majority of the Fourth Circuit said :   " Kennedy explained that Justice Kennedy a plaintiff makes ’an affirmative showing of bad faith’ . .. courts may ’look behind’ the challenged action . " In his legal filings , Wall said the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals got it the Fourth Circuit on a " misreading of a Kennedy in Justice Kennedy ’s concurrence in Din . " Wall said , in essence , that Kennedy was not endorsing a "   search Kennedy pretext . " End of the term , The court the Court of Appeals likely to act on the government ’s requests sometime in June during the final month of the current term Wall The travel ban has turned a Justice Kennedy term into a potential blockbuster .   As the justices race to finish opinions from this the Court of Appeals they are also considering hot button issues for the next term , including cases on the Second Amendment , religious liberty and even a    to the    marriage opinion from 2015 .   Now , the travel ban is a part of that a sleepy term 
 The travel ban the justices race 