( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Obamacare lives on . Faced with resistance from within the party , Republican leaders in the House pulled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act . Paul D. Ryan , the the House speaker , said Americans will be " living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future . " It was a humiliating defeat for Mr. Trump . In an interview after the bill himself pulled , Mr. Trump blamed Democrats and predicted they would seek a deal within a year when " Obamacare explodes . " _ _ _ _ Democrats 2 . The Keystone XL pipeline plans will move forward after the State Department granted TransCanada a permit for construction , reversing Obama administration policy . " Today we begin to make things right , " President Trump said . There are still obstacles to overcome before it can be built , and protests Mr. Trump are likely to continue . But its proponents , including Republicans , some labor unions and the oil industry , welcomed the news , arguing it the pipeline would guarantee national energy security . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Millions of tourists , business travelers and relatives of American residents will undergo new security checks before getting visas into the United States , in the first evidence of " extreme vetting " from the Trump administration and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . The rules generally do not apply to citizens of 38 countries , including much of Europe and longstanding American allies . For those who have ever been in territory controlled by the Islamic State , the extra scrutiny will include mandatory checks of social media history . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The police in London made two " significant " arrests in Wednesday ’s attack outside Parliament that left five people dead , including the attacker , and wounded at least 50 . Nine people were in custody and were being questioned in an investigation into Khalid Masood , above , the assailant whose connections to the Islamic State were unclear . The attack was a reminder of how inaccurate information can spread in the the Islamic State breaking news . Online sleuths pegged the wrong suspect , and the inaccurate identification spread rapidly on social media and a live British TV program . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Paul Manafort , the    campaign manager for Donald Trump who has been under fire for his ties to Russia , will testify before the House Intelligence Committee as it investigates Russian interference in the presidential election Donald Trump The chairman of the committee , Representative Devin Nunes , Republican of the House Intelligence Committee , angered Democrats when he said he would replace a public the House Intelligence Committee former intelligence and law enforcement officers with a    proceeding . Democrats Donald Trump him Donald Trump trying to " choke off " public information under pressure from the White House . _ _ _ _ Donald Trump 6 . China ’s smog crisis , long attributed to the chemicals emitted from power plants , steel factories and cars , has been exacerbated by global warming , new research suggests . Changing weather patterns have reduced wind , which helps blow away the smog in several of the country ’s most populous cities . The findings could pressure China ’s leaders not just to curb its own pollution , China to take a more forceful role in international climate change China’s _ _ _ _ _ China . Hosni Mubarak , the former president of Egypt , was quietly freed from a hospital in Cairo where he had been detained , disappointing Egyptians who hoped to punish him further for decades of corruption and human rights abuses . He was Hosni Mubarak to life in prison in 2012 for the deaths of Hosni Mubarak Square protesters , but the verdict was overturned and the Hosni Mubarak will to pursue him dissipated . Mr. Mubarak , 88 , will now enjoy the typical benefits of a former head of state , including a security Hosni Mubarak . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . A jury in Pennsylvania found Graham B. Spanier , the former president of Penn State University , guilty of one count of child endangerment over his handling of sexual Mr. Spanier . The jury acquitted him of conspiracy and another count of child endangerment . Mr. Spanier maintained that he was unaware of the seriousness of A jury in Pennsylvania . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Need a break ? one count of child endangerment over his handling of sexual abuse accusations against Jerry Sandusky, a former assistant football coach ’s plenty to distract you from politics this weekend . For sports fans Mr. Spanier the makeup of the Final Four of the N. C. A. A. men ’s basketball tournament will be decided with games on Saturday and Sunday . The women ’s Final Four will be set after games on Sunday Final Four    thriller starring Jake Gyllenhaal and " Saban ’s Power Rangers , " a modern repackaging of a popular 1990s Fox Kids series . If you just want to stay on your couch , here are the shows our TV critic recommends , or you can read these 17 great stories that have nothing to do with politics . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Historians considered James K. Polk , the 11th president of the United States , to be " priggish " and " colorless , " but a debate over his resting place is stirring passions in Tennessee . A new proposal calls for relocating the bodies of Mr. Polk and his wife from the State Capitol grounds to a family home and museum in Columbia . Depending on whom you ask , it ’s either a proper remembrance for an overlooked president or a macabre    for a    town . _ _ _ _ _ 11 his Finally , it ’s been a long week . You deserve some panda photos . Bao Bao , a     panda A new proposal in the National Zoo in Washington , is adjusting to her new life in China and made her first public appearance after 30 days in quarantine . She ’s had much the same culture shock a human would   —    she did n’t like all of the local food at first , and she ’s had to learn commands in Chinese instead of her . But her new handlers say she ’s adapting her and settling into the land of her ancestors . Thanks for reading , her we hope you settle nicely into your weekend . Photographs may appear her of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing her help . Your her Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . her do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see Your Evening Briefing us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 we 