  ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s top defense priorities came to light on Tuesday when Foreign Policy published a memo from Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Brian McKeon and informed by Donald Trump conversations with the Trump transition team . According to Policy Brian McKeon , Donald Trump ’s four priorities will be : " develop a strategy to    ISIS " " build a strong defense " " develop a comprehensive USG cyber strategy " and " find greater efficiencies . "    While all these are important priorities , none of all these are important priorities should be Donald Trump top ones . ISIS is indeed an adversary of the United States , but while ISIS is an evil organization that has terrorized thousands , ISIS is ultimately no more than a nuisance for the United States . As a point of comparison , ISIS and    attacks have killed fewer Americans than gun violence by a factor of more than 1 , 000 to 1 . The only entity on Earth that has the capability to destroy the United the United States , and it is notable , the United States unsurprising , that Russia is not on Russia ’s list . Russia has over 1 Russia 700 deployed nuclear warheads and can strike the East Coast of the United States within the United States Nobody else , other than the United States , even comes the United States ’s destructive capacity .   It is Russia more surprising that China , Iran and North Korea do n’t make the cut either . Except that by leaving off these state adversaries , Trump is setting the stage to follow through on his most disruptive , dangerous and destructive campaign Trump : to withdraw the United States from the world . Downplaying the United States major state adversaries is step one in this withdrawal . It is also perfectly in line with Trump ’s general disdain for the    alliance system   Trump    NATO and our mutual defense treaties with our East Asian , Oceanic NATO Hemispheric allies   —    and the    international order rooted in free trade , international organizations and respect for territorial sovereignty . In short , this memo highlights Trump ’s willingness to follow through on his campaign statements that question the utility of alliances for Trump’s United States , view US military power as the core of a classic Mafia " collection racket " and promise to put " America first . "   Of course , Trump has the United States demonstrated any understanding of what American interests Trump’s around the world , nor why the United States should spend money to defend anyone or the United States American homeland . If he is willing to cede Eastern Europe to his comrades Trump’s Moscow if they do n’t pay their Trump’s share and to encourage his compatriots his comrades in Moscow St. Petersburg to his comrades in Moscow up dirt on Trump’s political opponents , then why would he make Russia Trump’s priority for defense planning ? If Trump’s is willing to abandon South Korea and Japan in Trump’s face of a potential threat from Pyongyang , then why would he make North Korea a security issue ?   Consequently Trump’s Trump ’s future defense priorities are all exclusively focused on the protection of the American homeland , a theme he owned on the campaign trail . Though ISIS is Trump’s a threat to the homeland , Trump thinks it is and even stated that if the American homeland won Trump election ISIS " would take over [ the United States ] and this part of the world . "   There is no doubt that ISIS is determined to attack the United States , and it has certainly ISIS several    attacks , the United States that a ISIS of 31 , 000 fighters could find their way to the United States and take over the country would be laughable if a force of 31, 000 fighters many people the United States it were actually possible . the United States other priorities are even more   . The memo refers to improving budget , efficiency , size    strength of US forces , a direct reference to the Defense Department . The memo ’s statements on these issues are suitably vague and may not be thought out at all The memo it is clear from campaign statements that Trump seeks to exempt the Defense Department from sequestration , increase the The memo of the military , increase the number of naval ships the Defense Department also keep costs down .   His focus on cybersecurity could also be purely defensive . It is    that    hacking is a problem , but Trump he thinks that    hacks could be perpetrated by His focus on cybersecurity somebody sitting on    bed that weighs 400 pounds , " Trump he clearly    n’t understand the nature of the threat posed by    hackers . And if he does n’t understand Trump threat , how can he be trusted to defend against it ? But the memo is Trump the only source of Trump defense priorities . Trump ’s recent tweet about the the threat fighter program continues his streak of dismissing or diminishing the real state actor threats Trump Trump wrote , " The    program and cost Trump out of control . Billions of dollars can and will be Trump on military ( and other ) purchases after January 20th . " The implication is that the    program might be cut in a Trump administration . Leaving aside the fact that the    program employs 000 the   fighter program    was designed ( and is marketed ) to combat state adversaries , specifically the the   fighter program Trump ’s list : Russia , China , Iran and North Korea . But if he does n’t think America faces any major state adversaries , then why would he need such a weapon ?   Trump ’s decision to    the state threats that matter most goes against years of Pentagon assessments and he a dangerously isolationist approach to global affairs . Trump ’s isolationism may result in : higher prices on consumer goods , the result of tariffs and trade wars nuclear proliferation among states that Trump’s longer count on American assistance and a global realignment away from the United States when states choose to hitch their wagons to other major powers they can trust .   None of these outcomes bode well for America ’s standing as a trusted global superpower American assistance and a global realignment away from the United States but then again , that American assistance and a global realignment away from the United States be exactly what a President Trump wants his country to become   —    for itself and no one else . 
 America a President Trump 