’   ’ ’    A private plane owned by a Russian oligarch who has ties to    President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump secretary of commerce flew into    cities where the    was campaigning before the    November election at least twice , flight data and photographs    have shown . ’ ’    The coincidence has raised questions about whether   President Donald Trump met with    the oligarch ,   ’ ’   ’ ’    " No member of the   President Donald Trump campaign or   President Donald Trump met with Mr.    Rybolovlev during the campaign or any other time , " said the    official , who requested anonymity because they anonymity not    authorized to speak publicly on the matter . ’ ’    The official continued : " No one was even aware of the plane until    receiving a similar email about this yesterday . For a press corps    so obsessed with evidence , proof and feigning a general disgust    at even the hint of conspiracy , this is pretty rich . " ’ ’ Rachel Maddow and   have recently mainstreamed suspicion about the    peculiar timing of   ’ ’    " This is garbage , " another White House official said when asked    about the reports . ’ " on social media of Rybolovlev ’s    Airbus A319 , dubbed    along with theories about why the jet     —    which spends most of its time flying between major European    cities like London , Berlin , and Zurich ,   " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tStunning Livery ! Airbus A319      at Bern    ’ "    Flight tracking data reviewed by Business Insider showed that     ’s stops in Las Vegas and Charlotte on October 30 and    November 3   —    with a stop in the small city of Concord , North    Carolina , to refuel before flying to Charlotte Charlotte —    are indeed    outliers . But the speculation about possible preelection    encounters between Trump and   " ’   ’ ’    2008 was a rough year for Trump Trump According to   that was the year Trump Entertainment Resorts a    $ 53 . 1 million bond interest payment and was forced to file for    Chapter 11 reorganization , or bankruptcy . ’ ’    Rybolovlev’ ’s cash infusion into Trump’ ’s bank account is believed    to be the most expensive home sale in US history . At that point ,       banks were highly reluctant to loan to Trump , who had lost    them money , as he    in his    book , " . " ’ ’    " I figured it was the bank’ ’s problem , not mine . What the hell did       care ? I actually told one bank , ’’ I told you you shouldn’’t have       me that them money I told you the goddamn deal was no good , ’’ "    Trump wrote , according to . ’ ’   ’ ’    Rybolovlev has never lived in the mansion and has since torn it    Rybolovlev He and Trump Rybolovlev Trump insisted that He and Trump never met He and Trump any    point during the historic transaction . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "      Sendgikoski , a limo driver who had been waiting to    pick someone up at Charlotte airport ’s terminal for private jets ,    told McClatchy that Trump and Trump ’s planes appeared to be    about 300 feet apart on the tarmac the morning of November 3 . But    she said       Trump    Trump his plane Trump directly into his    Trump ,    did n’t see anyone get in or out of Rybolovlev ’s    Rybolovlev’s . " ’    Reached for    , Rybolovlev’ ’s spokesman , Brian Cattell , said    " Mr. Rybolovlev and Mr Trump have never met . " He declined to Mr. Rybolovlev and Mr Trump comment on why Rybolovlev’ ’s plane Rybolovlev’’s in Charlotte on    November 3 , and whether Rybolovlev was on it . ’ ’A Rybolovlev’’s plane plane owned by a Russian oligarch who . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 