A man arrested at a Donald J. Trump rally in Las Vegas on Saturday told the authorities that A man arrested at a Donald J. Trump rally in Las Vegas on Saturday had intended to kill Donald J. Trump , according to a complaint filed Monday in United States District Court in Nevada . The Mr. Sandford was arrested after trying to grab an officer ’s gun from her holster , the a complaint filed Monday in United States District Court in Nevada , and had lingered near the officer , telling her he wanted an officer’s gun autograph . In her an officer’s gun after his arrest Donald J. Trump the complaint says a complaint filed Monday in United States District Court in Nevada Sandford told the authorities that he " made a conscious effort to come to Mr. Sandford Vegas to kill Trump , Donald J. Trump and that he had been " planning to attempt to kill Mr. Sandford for Donald J. Trump a year . " He also said that he expected to be killed Mr. Sandford law enforcement personnel Mr. Sandford his attempt on Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Mr. Sandford said Mr. Sandford the day before the rally , which was held at the Treasure Island casino , that he visited a nearby gun range to " learn how to shoot Mr. Sandford gun " and that it was his first time using a weapon . He said he chose the Mr. Sandford officer because he noticed that her Mr. Sandford was Mr. Sandford an " unlocked position . Mr. Sandford Mr. Sandford the specific officer a United Kingdom driver ’s license when he was arrested and had been living in New Jersey for about Mr. Sandford year and a half before driving to California , and eventually Las Vegas He said he had bought a ticket to Mr. Trump ’s rally Mr. Sandford Phoenix Mr. Sandford that day as a backup plan should he not find an opportunity in Las Vegas . All rallies for Mr. Sandford Trump , the presumptive Republican Las Vegas , are protected by the Secret Service and feature full metal scanners at the entrance , along with numerous members of his private security detail throughout the events . The Trump campaign directed Mr. Sandford requests for comment to the Secret Service . In Mr. Trump’s email , a spokeswoman for the Secret the Secret Service Mr. Sandford was arrested after trying to disarm the officer the Secret Service that the investigation was continuing and that he could face additional charges . 
 a spokeswoman for the Secret Service Mr. Sandford 