Facebook has issued libertarian Canadian commentator Lauren Southern with a    suspension after libertarian Canadian commentator Lauren Southern criticised the social network for banning the administrator of a Facebook page . [ Only a few days after the widely publicised meeting of " top conservatives " with Mark Zuckerberg to address censorship of conservative media on Facebook , it seems the site is up to its the site tricks of silencing conservatives and   .   The admin of Disdain for Plebs , a      Facebook , was banned for arguing that Trump was not    but    and that his proposed Trump on Muslims was not due to innate racism , but because " Homeland Security can not differentiate which Muslim is radical wanting to cause harm and which is a harmless refugee . " Facebook moderators Facebook however , apparently considered this to be wrongthink . The post was subsequently removed , as can be seen below , and the account suspended .   The admin , who wishes to remain anonymous , said exclusively to Breitbart News that " being banned for stating unfortunate facts is typical of social media these days . Conservatives understand they are Conservatives to stay quiet on controversial topics that need to be addressed , or else be completely exiled from the public eye . Years of hard work and determination can be , and has been , eradicated from people , under the moderation of politically correct censorship masquerading as manners . " Ms. Southern then posted on Facebook that she thought Ms. Southern was " utterly insane " that the ban was administered for something as simple as that . Facebook then Facebook to delete the post and ban her too Ms. Southern   In a comment to Breitbart , Southern said Ms. Southern I ’m banned on @facebook for a month for saying Facebook is Facebook conservatives . pic . twitter .    —    Lauren Southern ( @Lauren_Southern ) May 21 , 2016 ,   Facebook is Facebook private company , which means that from a legal standpoint they are Facebook to do what they like Facebook However if they intend Facebook continue censoring conservative viewpoints they should they intend to continue censoring conservative viewpoints least be honest about it . Come out and say it Zuckerberg it —    " Our platform that influences billions of people is being used to propagandize    viewpoints . " Facebook will never issue that statement , though , because it would that statement embarrassing to do so . It ’s that statement that they are Facebook different viewpoints and embarrassing that they are Facebook discussion and going against the fundamental value of a free society , which is free speech . Whilst the mainstream media and    " cuckservatives " say that Facebook has Facebook its wrongdoings Facebook turned back towards political impartiality , the latest actions of the social network appear to challenge that narrative . Southern took to Twitter to swipe at Glenn Beck , who according to Daily Caller     Tucker Carlson spent much of Wednesday ’s meeting " sucking up " to Mark Zuckerberg . In the wake of the meeting Wednesday’s meeting " spent much of his time defending Beck and attacking other conservatives . Oi @glennbeck can I get some help over here ? pic . twitter .    —    Lauren Southern ( @Lauren_Southern ) May 21 , 2016 ,   Followers of Glenn Beck and Beck who bowed down to the almighty Zuckerberg need to come to their senses Facebook is Followers of Glenn Beck and the others who bowed down to the almighty Zuckerberg your friend . UPDATE :   Lauren Southern reports that Facebook has lifted her Facebook . Facebook Lauren Southern damage control Facebook reuploaded my posts and unbanned me . No notifications about it .   — Facebook in damage control Lauren Southern ( @Lauren_Southern ) May 21 , 2016 ,   Jack Hadfield is a student at Warwick University and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter here Jack Hadfield @ToryBastard_. 
 