Des Moines , Iowa ( CNN ) With nearly 20 contenders vying for nearly 20 contenders attention , Iowa Republicans are finding Iowa Republicans in an unusual predicament this year : overwhelmed by Iowa Republicans choices . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ’s consistent lead in public polls might suggest that the Hawkeye State is Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to lose , particularly after Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker opened a    advantage over Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker closest rivals in The Des Moines Register poll released Saturday . But interviews with GOP voters and operatives here tell a different story : a wide open race with ample room for a    candidate such as Ben Carson , Carly Fiorina or Rick Perry to vault to the top . Sherry Erb , who owns a     printing shop with her husband , summed up the conundrum expressed by many GOP voters here as her strolled through a Des Moines farmers market on Saturday . " To tell you the truth , every time I hear one interviewed , I think ’Wow , that ’s the guy , " said Erb , 64 . " And then I hear a different one interviewed "     her said , widening her eyes and drawing in a gulp of air for effect     " and I think : ’My goodness , ’My would be great!’ " ’I love all of them’ " I love all of all of them’ . I do n’t know how I ’m going to narrow it down , " said Erb , who lives on a family farm near Boone , not far from where the GOP contenders will mingle with voters this Saturday at pork roast hosted by Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst . There are more serious candidates competing for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination than any election cycle in recent memory , leading many Iowa observers to say this is shaping up to be one of the most unpredictable races many Iowa observers can remember .   Next February ’s caucuses here will kick off the primary season and , as the first formidable hurdle for the candidates , could winnow the field . The race will test each GOP politician ’s ability to organize supporters and appeal to evangelicals , a key element of the party here and in South Carolina , another critical primary state . In years past , Next February’s caucuses here served as a proving ground for expected    such as George W. Bush along with upstarts such as Barack Obama , whose Iowa win established his George W. Bush as a serious challenger to Hillary Clinton in 2008 .   READ : Poll : Walker holds    lead over GOP presidential rivals in Iowa Iowa Even candidates who claimed to mount only a limited campaign effort in Iowa Iowa such as Mitt Romney in 2012 , have benefited from a rush of momentum coming out of the Iowa they exceeded Even candidates who claimed to mount only a limited campaign effort in Iowa, such as Mitt Romney in 2012 heading into the      primary in New Hampshire . To gauge the volatility of the race and Iowans’ potential to surprise , one needs to look no further than the wild swings of the GOP race here in 2011 . At this point in the cycle , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum was rounding out the bottom of the pack , notching a mere 4 % in The Des Moines Register ’s Iowa Poll with his shoestring former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . But by wooing voters     across the state ’s 99 counties     traveling mainly in a pickup     Santorum edged former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum in the caucuses , giving him momentum Romney continue . ( Santorum is former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum in the single digits in the most recent Register poll ) .   Expectations , " It ’s all about expectations here     no candidate wants to underperform on caucus night , " said veteran Iowa GOP operative Tim Albrecht . " Right now candidates and potential candidates are quietly organizing behind the scenes , going precinct by precinct , finding where their support candidates and potential candidates . They are candidates and potential candidates through names of activists , through voter rolls , through past caucus attendees to find supporters and volunteers . " READ : Jeb Bush calls for U. S. Embassy to move from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , Because of that , he cautioned Jeb Bush the current polls " do n’t have a lot of meaning . Anyone can surprise on caucus night . " The leanings of GOP voters may be even harder to predict this year because of the diminished importance of the August Straw Poll , once viewed as the key test of each campaign ’s organization .   The longstanding event , which serves mainly as a fundraiser for the Republican Party of Iowa , might not happen this year this year if Walker     who has not yet declared his intentions     Walker     the nonbinding contest .   Two major presidential hopefuls , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , have already opted out of what has become widely viewed as an exorbitant expense for campaigns that has carried little    benefit for its recent winners      And because Iowans pride themselves on giving Iowans of the candidates a fresh look each cycle , even past winners of the Iowa Caucus such as Santorum and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee may not have much of an edge . Rick Perry , Ann    who lives in northwest Iowa and is active in conservative cirlces , described the race as completely unpredictable and said the current stealth player to watch is Perry , the former Texas governor whose 2012 campaign collapsed after a series of stumbles . Heading into 2016 , he ’s reaching the current stealth player to watch to potential organizers , setting up     meetings with activists and building a strong team . " He is running the current stealth player to watch vastly different campaign than he did four the current stealth player to watch ago he has people the current stealth player to watch him at events the current stealth player to watch the state so people can connect a name , and face and voice with Gov. Perry , " said    who is not aligned with any campaign . " He himself has the current stealth player to watch , and he has been a the current stealth player to watch candidate this time . " Fiorina ’s sharp jabs at Hillary Clinton have also gained notice in Iowa , demonstrating how a lesser known candidate can quickly draw the spotlight with    sound bites . " It ’s been very well played by Ms. Fiorina , " Fiorina who praised the former    chief executive for boldly outlining her case against Clinton . Hillary Clinton It ’s Hillary Clinton just a It campaign , nor a backroom suggestion that we need to have someone who would be     with Hillary Clinton . When Carly Hillary Clinton can throw the Hillary Clinton without the backlash , I believe she ’s right . " READ Hillary Clinton Can Rick Santorum escape his past ? But in interviews Rick Santorum , a number of GOP voters bluntly said that they were n’t ready for a GOP voters president . Others said they liked the energy that Fiorina Others to the race , but worried that the controversy over her departure at    could become Fiorina liability . " She got a pretty good parachute Fiorina when she left there , " said Fiorina Fellers , a retired sales executive from Waukee , referring to Fiorina ’s nearly $ 42 million Fiorina when the board of directors asked her to step down . " When Fiorina got let go of jobs , that did n’t happen . " Fellers , a Republican who is most intrigued by retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , added that there are " good choices among the 20 of them . " " There ’s just Fellers, a Republican who is most intrigued by retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson too many , " said his wife , Sheryl Fellers . ’Young retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson Finding the most viable candidate to take on Clinton is already a top preoccupation for Republican voters here . As she walked into a nail salon in Fiorina last week ,     Republican June E. Cornelius expressed impatience with candidates who are running for a second or a third time . She favors Florida Sen. Marco Rubio . Fiorina " These are all old men . I think we need young blood , " Cornelius said . " Everybody is running Republican June E. Cornelius me . " Others quickly name Bush as the only candidate who could match Clinton ’s formidable fundraising effort , and that may be one reason why he has risen in the polls here Bush finding himself in a    tie for second Bush in the recent Des Moines Register poll . But the hangover from George W. Bush ’s presidency still looms Bush here . Peter Woltz , who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola , said he planned to watch carefully to see whether Jeb Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola shares what he views as the " Bush style of his Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola . When Iraq invaded Kuwait in the 1990s Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola " I thought his father did the right thing , he went in Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola that situation and then pulled out Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola " Woltz said . George W. Bush , he said , " really overextended his Bush railroaded the [ Peter Woltz, who owns Timber Ridge Cattle Company in Osceola ] invasion through without going Bush the proper channels . "   Iraq that experience , Woltz said he was far more interested in a candidate such as Kentucky Woltz Rand Woltz , who has emphasized the limits of government . For now , as more candidates jump into the race , the expanding field has the race entertaining spectacle for voters such as Sherry and Steve Erb of Boone County . They are looking ahead to Rick Perry ’s official announcement in Texas this week     the expanding field to give him a second look despite his poor showing and infamous ’Oops’ moment when he Perry’s one of the three Perry’s of government that he would eliminate in Perry’s 2012 debate . " He ’s got guts , Perry’s know that , and we need guts , Perry’s Sherry Erb said . Her husband is more interested we the potential entry of Donald Trump , and Sherry Erb a " nonpolitician " could shake up what he views as a " stagnant " economy .   " It ’s crazy Her husband the size of government . . .. He ’d fire people , " Steve Erb , said government eliciting a chuckle Her husband his wife as he imitated Steve Erb of Boone County lines from " The Apprentice . " " Her husband we need Her husband happening , " his wife added , " my word . " 
 Her husband his wife 