( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The battle to retake Iraq ’s    city from the Islamic State has begun . We have two reporters and a photographer near the front lines as Kurdish pesh merga troops advance on villages east of Mosul . The fight could take weeks or months and involve up to 30 , 000 Iraqi and Kurdish troops with American air support . Next door in Syria , the Islamic State lost a small town , Dabiq , with huge symbolic import . An Islamic prophecy identifies Dabiq as the site of an apocalyptic battle . the Islamic State has used that message in its propaganda the Islamic State even naming its magazine the Islamic State the town . _ _ _ _ 2 . Hillary Clinton , brimming with confidence and boosted by poll numbers across the United States , is beginning an ambitious assault on traditionally Republican states to further diminish support for Donald Trump . But her critics Hillary Clinton on newly released documents that include discussion of a possible " quid pro quo " to settle a dispute between the State Department and the F. B. I. over the classification of one of her emails Hillary Clinton Spontaneous and relatively silent protests against Mr. Trump Donald Trump across the country as some voters take aim at perhaps his most prized Donald Trump : his brand name Donald Trump His wife , Donald Trump , broke her long , His wife, Melania silence , calling his behavior toward    " inappropriate " but insisting , " We are moving His wife, Melania . " _ _ _ _ 3 . More than 170 countries signed a sweeping deal on Saturday to cut hydrofluorocarbons , used in    and refrigerators    which could be even more    than the    climate accord . And it might not have happened without the active backing of the world ’s chemical companies , who are disrupting their own businesses the active backing of the world’s chemical companies, who are disrupting their own businesses to fight climate change fight climate change . _ _ _ _ 4 . Rolling Stone went to court in an $ 8 million defamation trial . It ’s the Rolling Stone of two lawsuits the magazine faces Rolling Stone discredited 2014 article that described a brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia . The magazine , which retracted the article , is a discredited 2014 article that described a brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia associate dean who says she was smeared . The second case , filed by the fraternity whose house , above , was portrayed as the setting for the rape , seeks $ a brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia in damages . _ _ _ _ 5 . Tales of survival are emerging from Haiti , where a hurricane killed hundreds this month . In one ravaged area , villagers said they took shelter in caves   villagers    and will have to keep doing so until they can rebuild their homes . villagers then , villagers ’ll continue to flee to villagers caves when it rains . caves   is our house that God created when we most needed it , " one our said . our house _ _ _ 6 . To the first lady , with love . We published essays in praise of Michelle our from four boldfaced names : the authors Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Jon Meacham , the actress Rashida Jones and the activist Gloria Steinem . " Michelle Obama may have changed history in Michelle Obama powerful way   —    by example , " Ms. Steinem wrote . _ _ _ _ the activist Gloria Steinem The Museum of Modern Art is expanding its collection of Latin American art thanks to a The Museum of Modern Art of 102 works , including " Visible Idea , " above , by Waldemar Cordeiro . " This is a transformative gift , " the museum ’s director said . _ _ _ The Museum of Modern Art Is there no joy in football ? Penalties for ostentatious celebration of scores are up sharply this season . The New York Jets , meanwhile , had little reason to celebrate on Monday night as the Arizona Cardinals defeated them    in Phoenix . ( ESPN ) _ _ _ _ 9 . Hundreds gathered at Carnegie Hall to remember Bill Cunningham , the beloved Times street fashion photographer , who Mr. Cunningham’s Mayor Michael Bloomberg . It was not hard to imagine what Mr. Cunningham ’s reaction would have been to the scene . He would have been on the sidewalk outside , his bike parked nearby , snapping photos of guests as they arrived . _ _ _ _ 10 Mr. Cunningham’s Finally , some Canadians , fearing the American Mr. Cunningham’s was depressing their neighbors to the south , took to social media to share reassuring messages about how great the United States is . They praised Americans’ contributions to some Canadians , technology , philanthropy and    …      the list goes on . The project was started by a creative agency some Canadians says it is not trying to sell anything . " Some people have tweeted that they think Justin Trudeau would win the election as a    candidate , The project the agency ’s head said . " But we are not giving him Some people . " Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Justin Trudeau m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 we 