   Donald Trump has announced   Donald Trump ’s closing   Donald Trump foundation , but that does n’t put an end to the tangle of potential conflicts of interest   Donald Trump will drag with   Donald Trump into the oval office . To name just a few examples ,   Donald Trump runs a vineyard that awaits    visas —   documents doled out by a department   Donald Trump will soon oversee .   Donald Trump is currently trying to build a    office building in Buenos Aires , something the journalist Jorge Lanata said   Donald Trump discussed with Argentine president Mauricio Macri during Argentine president Mauricio Macri first phone call with Argentine president Mauricio Macri as   . ( Both Argentine president Mauricio Macri and   Donald Trump have denied this discussion . )   Donald Trump even told the New York Times in late November that   Donald Trump " brand is certainly a hotter brand than his "brand was before . "   Donald Trump ’s complicated network of business ties worry ethics watchdogs , who say it should not even be possible for an American president to be swayed by the prospect of personal riches . "   Donald Trump might decide to go softly on a foreign government because   Donald Trump knows   Donald Trump has assets there , " said Lisa Gilbert , director of the Congress Watch division at Public Citizen . "   Donald Trump ca n’t even have that in the back of   Donald Trump mind . The American economy has to outweigh any personal financial benefits . " Trump , meanwhile , has maintained that   Donald Trump wo n’t be bothered by the conflicts , telling the Times first , that " the president ca n’t have a conflict of interest , " then that " the president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts the president wants . " " In theory , " the president suggested to the paper ’s writers and editors , " I could run my business perfectly and then run the United States perfectly . " The reason critics doubt Trump ’s assertion —   that he Trump’s somehow above the lure of profit —   is that years of research show even small kickbacks can change    individuals’ behavior . We know this from studies on another group of wealthy , confident individuals who must daily grapple with both moral and economic matters : Doctors . Studies have repeatedly shown that receiving gifts or money from a pharmaceutical company makes doctors biased toward that a pharmaceutical company A comprehensive review in 2010 found that exposure to information from pharmaceutical companies almost always influenced doctors to increase their prescribing pharmaceutical companies the drugs the companies were promoting , even when those drugs the drugs the companies were promoting appropriate for the patient . In a study published this month in the journal Social Science   Medicine , Yale professor Marissa King found that in states that banned gifts to doctors from pharmaceutical companies , doctors were less likely to prescribe costly new medications that had few advantages over cheaper , generic alternatives . " Pharmaceutical representatives are likable people , and we like doing Pharmaceutical representatives to please people that we like , Pharmaceutical representatives says Peter Mansfield , an Australian physician who founded the    group HealthySkepticism . org and    the 2010 review paper . Partly in response to findings like these , some states and organizations have cracked down on pharmaceutical swag in recent years . Still , doctors are n’t free of conflicts of interest , since drug companies still fund continuing medical education programs and seek out consulting relationships with physicians , according to Genevieve    a senior fellow researching conflicts of interest at the University of Pennsylvania . Even cheap gifts can create a feeling of indebtedness , playing into our human desire to reciprocate . Branded pens or tchotchkes " make the brand name more easily retrievable from memory and cognitively ease the path for doctors to prescribe more of that particular brand , "    said . Medical students given a Lipitor clipboard were more likely to prefer it over a a Lipitor clipboard cholesterol drug . As Mansfield explains , " if you do something after getting a big gift , you can tell yourself you did that because of the gift . a big gift did something because of a small gift , your understanding is that you did it because you believed the person . " Trump ’s assertion that he will be able Trump separate his personal interest from Trump greater good is also not uncommon —   and generally , false . " People have a ‘ bias blind spot,’ " says King , the Yale professor , " and are more likely to see bias in others than in themselves . " In People 1992 study , doctors were treated to    trips to seminars held at luxury resorts on the West Coast , Florida , and the Caribbean by makers of an antibiotic and heart drug . When interviewed by the study authors , almost all the doctors said there ’s no way they would be influenced almost all the doctors the vacations . But the doctors’ use of both drugs shot up after they returned home . Similarly , medical residents were much more likely to think other doctors are influenced by swag and    lunches than they themselves would be medical residents " We pick up an infection of bias , " Mansfield said , but " we get offended if We says we might be carrying We bias . " In fact , people who are more confident about their ability to resist people who are more confident about their ability to resist influence tend to make decisions more quickly , Mansfield said , and Mansfield process " can be influenced by gifts and other triggers for     . " So will Trump fall into the same trap that doctors have ?    believes he might , since Trump physicians , politicians have no board certification or formal professional guild that governs their ethical code . politicians On the other hand , politicians may very well become inured to or savvy about attempts to influence them and therefore be politicians amenable to influence , " she added . But Mansfield thinks Trump ’s no different Trump a psychiatrist scribbling with a Vyvanse pen . " To the extent that Trump is human , Trump ’ll be influenced Trump conflicts of interest , " Mansfield said . " Mansfield even more so if he sees them as Trump small and if he ’s genuinely confident Trump wo n’t be Trump . " Trump has previously said Trump would put his Trump in charge Trump his businesses , but Trump would hardly a true blind trust , since his children would likely his children businesses with their father his businesses So his children , they ’ve been some of his children closest advisers . Trump Ideally , in Public Citizens’ view , Trump ’s assets would be placed in the hands of impartial overseers who would sell them off , one by one Trump’s assets Trump has so far postponed a Trump conference at which he was expected to announce how Trump would handle his conflicts of Trump . If Trump does n’t divest , even Trump he does manage to build a Trump wall between his personal interests and those of Trump nation , the public will have no way of knowing . And as Gilbert sees it , that might be a problem in itself . As president , she it , " you should Gilbert free of the whisper of impropriety . It ’s not that it might enrich him , it It that people Trump think It it could . It ’s an It of corruption It we ’ve been above , as the United States . " Time will tell if the U. S. will continue to be an exception to that rule . 
 