’   ’ ’    Neil Gorsuch , the 10th Circuit judge nominated by President    Donald Trump to fill the vacant seat on the US Supreme    Court , is widely expected to favor big business should Neil Gorsuch, the 10th Circuit judge nominated by President   Donald Trump to fill the vacant seat on the US Supreme   Court be    confirmed by the Senate . ’ ’    " The [ Chief Justice John ] Roberts court has been the most      Supreme Court in the history of the US Supreme   Court , " Michael    Burg , founder of the    law firm Burg , Simpson ,    Eldredge , Hersh & Jardine , told Business Insider . ’ ’    " When I look at Judge Gorsuch , do I think he Judge Gorsuch   ? The    answer is yes , " he Judge Gorsuch . " Does he Judge Gorsuch up with Justice Scalia    in terms of his Judge Gorsuch of the Constitution and that you have to go    back and look at the the Constitution terms of how the framers and    the founders meant it to be in 1789 ? Yes . " ’ ’    Carter Phillips , a Washington , DC , lawyer who has argued before    the Supreme Court more than any other attorney in private    practice , said a Gorsuch appointment to the court the Supreme Court in all    likelihood , keep with the " status quo . " ’ ’    " It will be pretty much how the court was the Supreme Court Justice    Scalia’ ’s death , " he said , later Justice   Scalia’’s , " [ It ] will largely be the    path the court will continue the Supreme Court ] in a way that is fundamentally    different than the way it would’’ve if Judge [    ] Garland’ ’s    nomination had not died on the vine the way it did . "   ’ ’    But , both said they believe the door is both to some change . ’ "    The expectation has been drawn from the opinions he    authored while serving on the 10th Circuit court ’s bench . In that    role , he was not able to he on many big      cases , due to the court ’s locale . " ’    As a result , how he would rule on several he    business issues almost certain to hit the court within the    the court’s years is not fully known . ’ ’    " I don’’t view Judge Gorsuch as a clone of Justice Scalia , "    Phillips said . " I’’m sure he may have places where he I’’m    with [ Scalia I’’m on particular nuances . " ’ ’    One of the biggest upcoming areas where Gorsuch could potentially    make a Judge Gorsuch is in his interpretation of what’ ’s known       " Chevron deference , " named for a 1984 case in which the court    ruled the interpretation of a government agency should    be deferred to when a law or statute it administers is under    question    It quite predictably has a major affect on the    regulatory state , and critics say it provides such agencies    with It power not permitted to other sectors of the    government .   ’ "    It ’s one of several    It where those watching    the court have a sense of where Gorsuch would come down , as     avowed textualist and originalist . " ’    In a concurring opinion last August , Gorsuch said " Chevron    deference Gorsuch allows the executive branch to " swallow huge amounts    of power " from the judicial and legislative branches , which    " seems more than a little difficult to square with the    Constitution of the framers ’’ design , " . Scalia . ’ ’    Phillips said to watch for cases related to " Chevron    deference " should Gorsuch Chevron    . ’ ’    " That issue , the extent to which the agency interprets its own    authority and can kind the agency bootstrap itself into kind of expanding    its decision making beyond what you would the agency the statute would    allow , and whether the courts have to divert that and say ’’ no ,    no , no , you can’’t go that far ’’ is a huge issue , " Phillips said .    " But again , that will probably take two or three cases before    it’ ’s settled down and it    not be settled down ,   it’’s it’ ’s a      court and it’   it’’s still not clear how far   it’’s of the five    conservatives would be willing to go on Chevron . " ’ ’    He added that , while " a   it’’s of people " will say Gorsuch’ ’s view is    " a big change from Scalia , " the late justice was beginning to    move in the direction of Gorsuch in his later decisions on the    matter   it’’s ’ ’    " I know it wasn’’t [ Scalia’ ’s ] perspective once upon a time ,    but I do think there’ ’s been a fair amount of movement , " he said .    " Obviously ,    [ Clarence    Thomas staked out a really    aggressive opinion on that two terms ago . And , I don’’t see a    majority of the justices adopting his view , but I certainly think Justice [Clarence] Thomas it will be a big ticket    . That goes beyond the business    community , because obviously agencies are    at this    point . Agencies can decide thousands and thousands of things . " ’ ’    Another    issue Gorsuch has staked out a position    on is class actions .     a December ruling   was a part of " made    it easier for defendant companies to transfer a December ruling   actions from    state to federal court in some instances . " ’ ’    Phillips said he expects " another round of class Phillips issues "    to come around to the Supreme Court soon , adding Gorsuch as    " expressed some misgivings about more modern interpretations " on    those issues . ’ ’   ’ " that    Gorsuch ’s history shows a mixed record on cases related to labor    and employment , while he has ruled in business ’s favor   Gorsuch’s a    case related to arbitration . " "    In terms of what areas are less of a sure thing with Gorsuch ,    Phillips said he ’s curious to see where the   Phillips stands on    due process limits on punitive damages , the dormant commerce    clause , and intellectual property rights . " ’    On the controversial 2010 Citizens United decision related    to campaign finance , which ruled corporations and labor unions    could donate freely to politicians as people would , Burg said    Gorsuch’ ’s stance would likely be " consistent with the ruling that    would already come down " should a case related to it come before    the court ’       "    I would have some reservation , " he said . " Because my    Burg with him is that he’    not a Burg who says this    is the result I want , now let me justify it . " ’ ’    Still this    the consensus is Gorsuch will rule alongside his fellow    conservative justices on the Gorsuch in areas where it is not as    well known where he will come down . ’ ’ Gorsuch Travis Lenkner , a managing director at Burford Capital who    once clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy , told Business    Insider that’ ’s why he believed " you saw this pick Travis Lenkner, a managing director at Burford Capital who   once clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy, told Business    among    the business community . " ’ ’    " This is not swapping like for like , " he said . " But Judge Gorsuch Travis Lenkner, a managing director at Burford Capital who   once clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy, told Business    is easily someone who can swap in and occupy the seat that    Justice Scalia occupied and do so ably and not really change the    mix of outlooks or votes that’ ’s been present on the court for    more than a decade now . " ’ ’Neil Gorsuch , the 10th Circuit judge nominated . .. ’ 
 