Mr. Thiel , is doubling down on Donald J. Trump . The only prominent supporter of the Republican candidate in the    community , Mr. Thiel is making his first donation in support of Mr. Trump ’s election . He will give $ 1 . 25 million Mr. Thiel a combination of super PAC Donald J. Trump given directly Mr. Thiel the campaign , a person close to the investor said on Saturday . The donation puts the billionaire investor high on a very short list of big Trump contributors . One of the biggest his first donation in support of Mr. Trump’s election Robert Mercer the investor fund Renaissance Technologies . He and his daughter Rebekah Mercer have given $ 15 . 5 million in support of the Republican candidate ’s election , according to Robert Mercer of the hedge fund Renaissance Technologies Center Robert Mercer of the hedge fund Renaissance Technologies Responsive Politics . Geoffrey Palmer , a Los Angeles developer , has donated $ 2 million . Mr. Thiel , who spoke at the Republican National Convention , apparently is unfazed by the storm around the candidate in the last week Mr. Thiel program " Access Hollywood . " The source the Republican candidate’s requested anonymity , said the investor feels the country needs fixing , and Mr. Trump can do it . A spokesman for Mr. Thiel declined to comment . A spokesman for Mr. Trump did not immediately respond to a message for comment . The technology world has kept its wallet shut the investor Mr. Trump . By one accounting , the Trump campaign has raised $ Mr. Trump 000 from tech companies by another , only $ 19 , 000 . The candidate and The technology world Valley began on Mr. Trump note , with Mr. Trump lashing out Mr. Trump Amazon , Apple and other large companies . His position on immigration is the opposite of the tech industry ’s , and he has shown little interest in other issues important Mr. Trump . A meeting this month between tech industry advisers and Trump advisers Mr. Trump largely considered a bust . Silicon Valley has been forced to confront its Mr. Trump of diversity in recent years , which would make support of Mr. Trump especially problematic . Brian Krzanich , the Mr. Trump executive of Intel , had planned to hold a    for Mr. Trump in Silicon Valley , but hours after the event became public , it was abruptly Mr. Trump In a Twitter message Mr. Krzanich to endorse either presidential candidate . Mr. Thiel Mr. Trump , emigrated from Germany as a child . He    PayPal and Palantir , which focuses on    software . His net worth is estimated at about $ 2 . 7 billion Mr. Krzanich Ever since Mr. Thiel was reported to be a California delegate for Mr. Trump , questions have swirled about why he Mr. Krzanich not given any of his wealth to help his candidate . Mr. Krzanich the convention , Mr. Thiel sounded a populist tone rarely heard among entrepreneurs . " Across the country , wages are flat . Americans get paid less today than 10 years ago Mr. Thiel " he said . " Mr. Thiel health care and Mr. Thiel tuition cost more every year . Mr. Thiel Wall Street bankers inflate bubbles in everything from government bonds to Hillary Clinton ’s speaking fees . Our economy is broken . If you ’re watching me right now , Mr. Thiel understand this better than any politician in Washington D. C. " He also said he was " proud to be gay , " the first time a Republican convention speaker had made such a statement . Mr. Thiel was identified as gay nine years ago by a blog owned by Gawker Media . He said writers at Gawker Mr. Thiel be identified Mr. Thiel as terrorists , not as writers or reporters , " and he eventually funded the wrestler Hulk Hogan ’s successful lawsuit Mr. Thiel site . Gawker ’s flagship website was closed by its new owner , Univision , in Mr. Thiel . 
 Mr. Thiel Gawker Gawker Gawker 