Clutching her pearls , Hillary Clinton is stricken . Horrified ! Disgusted that Donald Trump would dare to remind voters about all the depraved debauchery Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton lecherous husband inflicted on the innocent American citizen for all of those years . [ The poetry books , the cigars , the groping , the hotels , the blue dress , the presidential DNA , the rapes and the biting of the lips .   America has been stuck in the venereal disease clinic ever since in a desperate effort to finally get fumigated from all the Clinton sleaze . In truth , America will never get clear of all of it . And now , The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away is banging on the door in The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away ruined stockings and streaked mascara demanding to be let back into the White House because it is The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away turn . America owe The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away . Mustering every ounce of dignity The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away could borrow from the wealthy slime balls The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away runs with , The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away trotted out aides to tell reporters that she The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away not " follow Trump in the gutter . " Well , finally . That is , at least , an admission of sorts . Indeed , it was a gutter from which she The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away her The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away emerged 25 years ago . And ever since , they she and her husband quit stinking up the American political scenery and then lying about everything . The The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away not even give a straight answer about how tall she is The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away She was The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away 5 feet , 4 inches , but in 2008 her campaign The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away she was The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away feet , 5 inches . Now reports are swirling that she is The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away feet , 7 inches . Some people will lie about absolutely everything . " Here we go again ? " asks the savage video takedown posted by Mr. Trump that chronicled just a few of the women who say they were assaulted by the libidinous Bill Cosby , er , I mean Bill Clinton . Cue the unbearable cackling from The First Lady Who Will Not Go Away . The    shows the Trump video Mr. Trump Bubba chomping a cigar on one side , while his wife Bubba trying to get back into the White House on the other . Then another   : Bill Cosby Bill Cosby and raping young women . Somewhere is Bill Clinton saying Bill Clinton dirty , raspy Bill Clinton , " You know , you give me one more    and I just might get excited . " Wait . There is another   ! The infamous Kenneth Starr who doggedly pursued Bill Clinton ’s sordid Bill Clinton lies and torn lingerie faces termination from Baylor University where he has served as president The infamous Kenneth Starr who doggedly pursued Bill Clinton Why ? Because Mr. Starr failed to pursue The infamous Kenneth Starr who doggedly pursued Bill Clinton allegations of sexual misconduct in the university ’s football program . If only Bill Clinton had been so lucky . Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com . Follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . Charles Hurt 