’   ’ ’    Mary Petrozzi hoped that Barack Obama would change things in Mary Petrozzi    community . ’ "    Mary Petrozzi ’s a florist in Smithfield , a small town in a rural part of    Ohio not far from the Pennsylvania and West Virginia borders .    It ’s a place with miles of empty roads and farmland , and It ’s a    place that ’s been hard hit by shuttered steel plants . " ’    Eight years and two months ago , then presidential candidate    Barack Obama campaigned in front of hay bales at a family farm in    nearby Dillonvale . It was part of an ambitious strategy to court    rural voters . ’ ’    At the campaign stop , he promised 5 million jobs . he promised    he’’d reopen the steel mills . he promised jobs in " clean coal " to    replace the dirty power that’ ’s so critical to this region’ ’s    economy .   ’ "    In this    community   —    one that has voted for both    democrats and republicans   —    Obama earned Petrozzi ’s vote . Obama won    Jefferson County , which includes Dillonvale and Smithfield , by    just   votes .   " ’    But ask Petrozzi how Petrozzi community is doing , and Petrozzi answer today    is the same as it would have been then . " Everything’ ’s just been    bad , " Petrozzi said in a phone interview . " I have not seen anything    get better while [ Obama’ ’s ] been in there . " ’ ’    Petrozzi frustrations sound like a Trump campaign ad . Petrozzi had wanted    Obama " to make our country better and put people to work . " Petrozzi    had hoped the factories might reopen .   ’ ’   ’ ’    I went to Smithfield in 2008 to   event and talk to locals in    this town of 900 residents . This was in the middle of the    financial crisis and foreclosed homes were a big issue . But even    more on the   financial crisis and foreclosed homes minds were the fundamental structural changes in    the economy that have left places like this behind . ’ ’    I met Bob Mieczkowski on the street . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Since Obama ’s election , something here has been growing : demand    for assistance from a food bank run by the Smithfield Evangelical    Friends Church . It ’s been serving about 10 % more people each year    since 2008 up until last year , according to Stanley L. Dombroski ,    the director of the Smithfield Friends Food Pantry . Stanley L. Dombroski serves    many widows and retired steelworkers .   " ’   ’ ’    " Almost all many widows and retired steelworkers benefits are completely gone , " Stanley L. Dombroski said    Wednesday of the steelworkers whose companies have shut down or    moved away . More than half of the 450 people whom the food bank    serves live on $ 500 to $ 800 a month , Stanley L. Dombroski estimates .   ’ "    In 2008 , Stanley L. Dombroski said , locals were disillusioned with the George W.    Bush years and took a leap of faith on Obama ’s promise of hope    and change . Now , it ’s Trump ’s promises , with few details , that    will be on the line .   " ’    " Ohio in general and particularly in these [ communities ] it is    going to be an absolutely great proving ground for Donald Trump    on bringing jobs back because there are so many in the outlying    areas and this section of this Ohio where the jobs have gone to    foreign countries , " Donald Trump    said in a phone interview .   ’ ’    And that’ ’s why when I called Kate Sedgmer , the executive director    of the United Way of Jefferson County , Kate said people in the    region are happy about Trump’ ’s win . " People are exceptionally    excited to have someone who’ ’s maybe more " Kate    said .   ’ ’    This county that went for Obama by a hair in 2008 , voted for    Trump on Tuesday by a more than    .   ’ ’    Trump’ ’s campaign was perfectly tailored for a place like    Jefferson County , which Sedgmer describes as " family first , God    first , hardworking , and ethical . " She said it’ ’s a mix of    professionals in bigger cities like Steubenville and many      workers in construction and other trades .   ’ "    It ’s religious , socially conservative , and particularly bitter    about globalization and large , faceless companies . While many    businesses here are small and family run , one of the biggest    hopes of the Obama years was that the rise of hydraulic    fracturing in Ohio , and the influx of oil and gas work in    Jefferson County , would improve the area ’s fortunes . The lawyer    who owned the farm Obama visited ended up devoting The lawyer   who owned the farm Obama   practice to    leases . The lawyer   who owned the farm Obama own farm got a    massive . " "    While some have done well , it has n’t been a   . The oil and    gas companies brought in young workers instead of hiring locals .    And plunging prices for natural gas have put a damper on the    industry . " ’    " We’’re going to put Americans back to work , " Obama told the    guests at the Dillonvale farm in 2008 . And on a national level he    succeeded . National unemployment is now   to healthy , prerecession levels .   ’ "    But in Smithfield it does n’t feel like it .   " ’    Mary Petrozzi , the florist , has lived there for 42 years and    remembers when there was a drug store , an insurance agent , and as    many as four gas stations in town . This year she voted for    Trump .     " I feel good about This year , " she said the morning after the election .    " I’’m glad   Trump got it . There’ ’s some hope there with   Trump . And    it’ ’s a stronger hope I had with Obama . "   ’ ’    The surprising victories across the upper Midwest suggest there    were far more frustrated voters like Petrozzi willing to give   Trump   Trump chance to bring back life the way it was .   ’ 
 