WASHINGTON   —    Reeling from a major blow to his legislative agenda , President Trump blamed Democrats on Friday after House Republicans rescinded House Republicans bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act . President Trump insisted it was n’t an immediate priority anyway . Here is an assessment of President Trump claims . False . President Trump has , of course , repeatedly vowed to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama ’s signature legislative achievement . While Mr. President Trump specified doing so within 64 days , killing the health care law was part of his    President Trump , released in October , and he often President Trump an even more urgent timeline during the 2016 presidential campaign . At a campaign rally in Sioux City , Iowa , in October 2015 , Mr. Trump President Trump the health law the health care law " first thing " he would do President Trump president . " We will immediately repeal and replace Obamacare   —    and nobody can do that like me . We will save $ ’s We have much better health care ! " he wrote on President Trump in February 2016 . " When we win on Nov. 8th We elect a Republican Congress , we will be able to We repeal and replace Obamacare , " he said at President Trump rally in November in Valley Forge , Pa. This is misleading . Democrats have been united in their opposition since the beginning Democrats the fight to repeal and replace the health law . But Republicans did not need Democratic support to pass their legislation . Republicans needed Republicans votes in the House to pass the bill . They have their legislation of the Republicans seats , meaning they could afford only 22 party Republicans . Before the bill was pulled , 33 their legislation opposed . The White House did not immediately respond the House Mr. Trump ever tried courting Democratic members in the House . This is exaggerated . As Reed the House Margot    have reported for The Upshot , the Affordable Care Act ’s insurance markets are not " exploding , " " imploding , " " failing , " " collapsing " or in a " death spiral . " While there are certainly issues with the current law ( for example , high premiums and deductibles ) the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said in its first estimate of the Republican bill that both it the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office the Affordable Care Act would stabilize over the the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office run . This is exaggerated . The competitive situation is not healthy in those two states , but Mr. Trump has overstated the current lack of insurers . But next year , he could be less incorrect . Congress ’s Joint Economic Mr. Trump reported , using data from the Kaiser Family Foundation , that 43 percent of counties in Kentucky had two insurers , and 49 percent were covered by just one . Tennessee divides its marketplace into eight areas , three of which have Tennessee carriers and five of which have one , according its Department of Commerce . With Humana pulling out of Tennessee A. C. A. marketplaces , 16 counties in Tennessee will no longer have insurers available next year , Tennessee Larry Levitt , a senior executive at the Kaiser Family Foundation . " It ’s not half the state , but it is a real problem . " This is exaggerated It Only one state , Arizona , saw its premiums double ( 116 percent ) . Changes in Only one state, Arizona costs ranged from a 3 percent decrease in Indiana to a 69 percent increase in Oklahoma ( the second highest ) . This year , premiums for the benchmark plan rose by next year on average across the states that use the federal marketplace or have their own exchanges , according to the Department of Health and the federal marketplace Services . This needs context . Six states   —    Alaska , Minnesota , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania and Tennessee   —    saw increases in the range Mr. Trump referred to . As previously stated , the average increase was 22 percent   —    compared with a 7 percent increase in 2016 and a 3 percent increase in 2015 . But looking at premium increases alone does not fully capture what people are paying . About 84 percent of enrollees qualify for tax credits that will help blunt the costs this year , meaning the government picks up the tab for any increase . Premium increases affect just 3 percent of all Americans . 
 