Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is tied with Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton in the    western battleground state of Colorado , a new Breitbart News    Marketing survey from the state shows . [ In the poll of 1 , 246 registered voters in Colorado conducted on Oct. 3 and Oct. 4 , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Clinton both received 40 percent of support from those surveyed . Libertarian Gary Johnson got 10 percent , and Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein got 3 percent , while 6 percent were unsure . The poll has a margin of error of 2 . 8 percent at the 95 percent confidence level and was conducted using a combination of automated telephone calls and an internet panel of cell phone users . The results have been weighted by voting demographics .     percent described the country as going in the wrong direction , while 36 percent described the country as going in the right direction and 8 percent did n’t know . A total of 50 percent either strongly or somewhat approved of the job President Barack Obama is doing —   32 percent strongly and 18 percent somewhat —   while 49 percent total disagreed , with 10 percent somewhat and 39 percent strongly . Both Trump and Clinton have high unfavorables , but Trump ’s were higher among those polled .    percent of those surveyed viewed Trump as strongly unfavorable and 7 percent considered Trump somewhat unfavorable , with just 38 percent —   22 percent strongly and 16 percent somewhat —   considering Trump favorable . Clinton numbers are similarly bad , with 50 percent considering her Clinton unfavorable , 6 percent somewhat unfavorable , 18 percent somewhat favorable , and 25 percent strongly favorable . On issues , Trump seems to fare better than Clinton Clinton A whopping 65 percent considered it a bad idea for President Obama and Hillary Clinton hand over U. S. control of the internet to an international body , and only 8 percent considered it a it idea , while 13 percent do n’t know enough about the issue and 14 percent were unsure .    percent said they agreed percent Donald Trump that NAFTA —   the North American Free Trade Agreement that Bill Clinton signed into law in the 1990s and is supported by his wife Bill Clinton Clinton —   is the worst trade deal in modern history and that the    Trans Pacific Partnership is almost as bad . Only 33 percent did n’t agree with Trump on Donald Trump issue , while 22 percent did n’t know . A majority , 53 percent , said Obamacare was not a success , while just 35 percent said it was Obamacare success . When asked about refugees , voters were aligned in a significant majority against Hillary Clinton ’s plans to bring in more . " Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the Refugee Council want to increase the number of refugees coming into the United States in 2017 even more , to 200 , 000 , and Hillary wants to increase Hillary Clinton number of Syrian refugees in that total from 10 , 000 in 2016 to 65 , 000 in 2017 . Do you approve or disapprove of this increase ? " the respondents were asked . 60 percent —   a solid majority —   said they disapproved of Hillary the respondents ’s efforts on this front . Only 30 percent approved of Clinton ’s refugee plan Hillary Clinton’s 11 percent were unsure . This poll is the second in as many weeks from Breitbart News and Gravis Marketing that shows a close race in Colorado , which has 9    electoral votes that could decide the election . The previous poll had Trump This poll 4 Hillary Clinton’s outside Hillary Clinton’s survey ’s margin of error . Trump , on Monday of this week , held Trump pair of events in Colorado —   and this poll was conducted while Colorado was doing those This poll in the immediate aftermath Trump Combined with current polling in other battleground states —   where Trump is ahead in states like Nevada , Ohio , Trump , and Maine ’s second congressional district , and polling even with Clinton in North Carolina , Florida , and Pennsylvania among other states —   Trump would have enough electoral votes to win the election Trump it held now if current polling were correct . At the election ’s Colorado events earlier this week , as Breitbart Trump from on site , he had thousands upon thousands of people attend . CO v4a Breitbart News breitbartnews on Scribd , 
 