  ( CNN ) When the US men ’s national soccer team lost to Mexico in Columbus , Ohio , just days after the election of Donald Trump , the US men    loss was n’t the only headline . While many lamented their " dos a cero " streak of more than a decade was broken , perhaps even more remarkable was the photograph taken before the game . Breaking convention , the two squads came together , arms around one another , rather than take separate team photos . the two squads did n’t have to tell anyone why the two squads did it . The fans understood the need for a call for unity     there were no chants of " build that wall , " something that has been happening with disturbing frequency at high school sporting events in the US of late . It was just an intense game that saw Mexico , which lost to the US    in the last four World Cup qualifying games in Mapfre Stadium , send the US into a tailspin that just culminated this week in the firing of head coach Jürgen Klinsmann .    The    photograph was reminiscent of another where the impact of the game went beyond the score . Taken in France in 1998 when the US and Iran met in the World Cup , the the game did more in 90 minutes than the politicians did in 20 years , " said US defender Jeff Agoos . A year and a half later , the two squads met again for a friendly game in Pasadena . Sport has had its own Sport to Trump ’s election . Tampa Bay wide receiver Mike Evans refused to stand for the national anthem for one game after it happened . " I ’m not a political person that much , but I ’ve got common sense , " Evans told Mike Evans when asked why he sat Mike Evans " And I know when something ’s not right . " Donald Trump Trump course , is no stranger to sports . As owner of the New Jersey Generals in the failed United States Football League , he advocated for Mike Evans league to the failed United States Football League season from spring the failed United States Football League fall and directly compete with the NFL , claiming it would eventually force the NFL lucrative merger of the two .    Sportswriter Jeff Pearlman , author of a forthcoming book on the USFL , says that one thing everyone he talked to Mike Evans the book agreed on is that Trump destroyed the USFL out of the USFL " He bought a Mike Evans , told everyone he loved the Mike Evans , and as the USFL he got in Mike Evans bullied everyone Mike Evans moving from spring to fall to face the NFL , " Pearlman told me . " The whole time he wanted the Mike Evans to fail so he could take Mike Evans Generals and join the NFL . It was a the NFL and he uses revisionist Mike Evans to explain how he did n’t Mike Evans everything up . But he did . Mike Evans The NFL , of course , spent Monday night in Mexico City , hosting another one of its international series games , designed to expand the league ’s global reach . Mexico the league the NFL , has the Mexico City the NFL of any North American city . The NFL has n’t played a regular season the NFL Mexico since 2005 , but knows that football ’s    audience is growing , with Nielsen marking almost a 30 % rise in Hispanic viewership in the last five years . Back in 2005 , the   ’ game at the legendary Estadio Azteca , a stadium better known for its soccer    set an    record at 103 the NFL 467 . Monday night at Azteca , the Houston Texans and the Oakland Raiders braved altitude , pollution and laser pointers before a decidedly    crowd that mixed enthusiastic local fans with those who traveled across the border to watch . Despite the same kinds of apprehensions that greeted the USA v. Mexico soccer game , no one seemed to boo during the playing of the " Star Spangled Banner . " Mexican football fans , it seems , are n’t holding the NFL responsible for the comments of the   . But that is n’t to say that no one will . As Los Angeles continues its bid to host the Olympics in 2024 , some wonder if Los Angeles election of Trump will hinder the efforts . In Qatar this past week , as Los Angeles made its first of three presentations to the International Olympic Los Angeles US sprinting Los Angeles and Los Angeles native Allyson Felix tried to mitigate some of the worry that Los Angeles Trump ’s promises to build that wall , register    and question NATO alliances . She assured the IOC that " America ’s diversity is our greatest strength . Allyson Felix While the Obamas traveled to Denmark in support of Chicago ’s failed Olympic bid a few years ago , it remains to be seen if Los Angeles would consider Trump , who ran with the torch before Athens in 2004 , an asset when it makes a second presentation in Lima , Peru , next summer .     it do not always make space for political peace and the Olympics have a particular history of making playing fields into nationalist battlegrounds . At the Olympics in 1956 , things got ugly when Hungary faced the Soviet Union the Olympics the Olympics , the famous " Blood in the Water " game .    But sometimes , as those    soccer team photos demonstrate , athletes also see things in ways that politicians just ca n’t . Regardless of who is in the White House , sport marches on . It ’s the most global thing we do , whether it ’s the World Cup , the Olympics , or an NFL game in Mexico It that looks to expand horizons , as well as markets . 
 