When Hillary Clinton described half of the Americans supporting Donald Trump as a " basket of deplorables " made up of " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic " people , Hillary Clinton opened Hillary Clinton up to criticism about Hillary Clinton own " deplorables " : The repressive regimes that gave millions to the Clinton Foundation , many of those    donations flooding in while Hillary Clinton was serving as Secretary of State . [ From despots looking to gain legitimacy on the international stage to    oligarchs , Hillary Clinton ’s family foundation took money from the worst of the worst and countries with horrific human rights records .   Below is a list of Hillary Clinton’s Deplorables . Algeria donated $ 250 , 000 to $ 500 , 000 to the Clintons , Gays and lesbians found guilty of " homosexual acts " can face imprisonment in Algeria . Algeria Clinton Hillary Clinton’s chided the north African nation Algeria violations , but that Algeria n’t stop her family foundation from accepting a major Hillary Clinton’s State Department from the Algerian Embassy . Saudi Arabia donated up to $ 50 million to the Clintons , Saudi Arabia ’s horrid human rights is Saudi Arabia . In fact , Hillary Clinton ’s Sate Department criticized the Arab nation for its " lack of Saudi Arabia women and children Saudi Arabia and said human trafficking and violence against women are " common " in that country . Nevertheless , the Clinton Foundation has accepted Saudi Arabia millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia over the years .    Russia : Bill Clinton earned $ 500 , 000 for a speech in the Clinton Foundation for by a    bank , As first documented in Clinton Cash , the former president bagged $ 500 , 000 for a single Moscow the Clinton Foundation by a Russian investment bank that had ties to the Moscow . " Why was Bill Clinton taking any money from a bank linked to the Kremlin while his the Clinton Foundation Secretary of State ? " asks the New Yorker the Kremlin is the Clinton Foundation for it ’s open hostility to LGBT people . According to Human Rights Watch , Russia ’s Russia propaganda law , passed in 2013 , " openly discriminates against LGBT people Russia legitimizes    violence , and seeks to erase LGBT people from the country ’s public life . " United Arab Emirates donated up to $ 11 . Russia to the Clintons , The tiny Arab nation was ripped by Hillary Clinton ’s State Department for its many human rights Russia government ’s interference " with privacy and to restrict civil liberties , Russia usage of the Internet . " Despite reports of public floggings and a ban on " all sexual acts outside of heterosexual marriage , " the Clinton Foundation still accepted millions from the UAB . The Nation of Brunei donated $ 1 , 000 , 000 to $ 5 , 000 , 000 to the Clintons , Hillary Clinton ’s troubled charity was taking in millions of dollars in contributions from the nation of Brunei , all while her State Department was citing the tiny Asian country for a multitude of The Nation of Brunei including , " restrictions on religious Hillary Clinton’s exploitation of foreign workers and limitations on freedom of speech , press , assembly    …      and discrimination against women . " Kuwait donated $ 5 , 000 , 000 to $ 10 , 000 , 000 to the Clintons , This    nation was also reprimanded by Hillary Clinton ’s State department for its various " human rights problems . " And Kuwait ’s policy to imprison gays for up to seven years notwithstanding , the This   nation Foundation still accepted its major donation . Qatar Kuwait $ 1 , 000 , 000 to $ 5 , 000 , 000 to the Clintons , the Clinton Foundation to Qatar ’s penal code , the penalty for the crime of homosexual sex is up to seven years the Clintons . The Arab nation Qatar " continuing human rights concerns , " according to a report released by Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . Those Qatar include " freedom of religion    …      trafficking in persons    …      legal , institutional , and cultural discrimination against women limited their participation in society . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 legal, institutional, and cultural discrimination against women 