AFP   —    Two French festivals on Friday cancelled shows by Eagles of Death Metal , the band whose November 13 show in Paris turned into a bloodbath , after the frontman made remarks critical of Muslims . [ The Rock en Seine and Cabaret Vert festivals took issue with an interview by singer and guitarist Jesse Hughes , who renewed allegations that Muslim staff at the Bataclan club was involved in the attack .   " Being in total disagreement with Jesse Hughes’ recent allegations given in an interview with an American media ( outlet ) both Cabaret Vert and Rock en Seine festivals have decided to cancel the band ’s performance , " said a statement by the two festivals , which take place in late August . Eagles of Death Metal had briefly become heroes in France after Islamic extremists assaulted their Islamic extremists , killing 90 people in the deadliest of a series of coordinated attacks that claimed 130 lives across the metropolis .    But Hughes has since proved controversial in his Hughes . Unlike many rockers , he Hughes known for his Hughes politics and champions gun ownership as well as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . In an interview published last week , Hughes Hughes for greater scrutiny of Muslims in the West and alleged that conservative Christians were unfairly being blamed for global problems . " I saw Muslims celebrating in the street during the attack . I saw it the attack my own eyes . In real time ! How did they know what was going on ? There must have been coordination , " he Hughes Taki ’s Magazine , a publication of    conservative commentator Taki Theodoracopulos that has faced criticism for its writings on race . Trump has voiced similar allegations of US Muslims celebrating the September 11 , 2001 attacks , for which there has been no documented evidence .    Hughes alleged that he Hughes saw suspected Paris attacks planner Salah Abdeslam at the Bataclan club and that he Hughes eyed up his Hughes to see if he Hughes a threat . " I just chalked it up to Arab envy . You know what I mean ? When a Muslim sees a cocky American dude with tattoos , he Hughes at him a cocky American dude with tattoos " he Hughes . Hughes Hughes alleged that a security guard inquired on the background of the singer ’s girlfriend , who is of Mexican origin , with an eye to warning her the singer’s the impending attack if she the singer’s Muslim . Hughes Hughes March also gave an interview in which he Hughes an inside job . The Bataclan strongly disputed his Hughes , saying the club ’s security likely saved hundreds of lives . The The Bataclan for the remarks in March March saying that his allegations The Bataclan " absurd " and the result of trauma . 
 