Washington ( CNN ) Several of the wealthiest nominees for top Cabinet posts are headed to Capitol Hill for confirmation hearings this week , but the clock is ticking for top Cabinet posts to complete the ethics and financial review process . Of the current list of 21 nominees , 14 must still sit for Senate hearings , and only five of those 14 have finalized Senate hearings required paperwork . All nominees for    positions must first work with the Office of Government Ethics to devise a plan for resolving any financial conflicts of interest before All nominees for   positions start All nominees for   positions new jobs . Typically , the Office of Government Ethics sends Senate a package with the nominee ’s ethics agreement , a financial disclosure report and a cover letter certifying the report after all potential conflicts are addressed , and then posts the forms on its website roughly the report day later .   But the paperwork for two of    Donald Trump ’s billionaire nominees with hearings scheduled for this week     namely , Education    Betsy DeVos ( up Tuesday ) and Commerce    Wilbur Ross ( up Wednesday )     were notably missing from the ethics office ’s website as of Monday afternoon . DeVos is an   Betsy DeVos to the Amway fortune and Ross is an Wilbur Ross ( who made his money buying   Betsy DeVos distressed companies .   A Senate source indicated that DeVos’ initial hearing date had to be rescheduled because her paperwork " DeVos’ nowhere near ready , " and Ross had been Wilbur Ross ( in completing his financial disclosure Wilbur Ross ( . The Trump transition team did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The nominees’ missing her paperwork particularly prickly time for relations between ethics office and the incoming administration .   The trouble started after the election last November when Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub emailed Trump aides that despite his office Trump repeated outreach : Office of Government seem to have lost contact with the    transition since the election . " " Announcing Cabinet picks without taking OGE up on the offer to take an early look at financial disclosure picks poses the risk of embarrassment for the    . .. in the event that the individual walks away from the nomination after learning what he or she will have to do with his or her financial interests , " he wrote she Nevertheless , Senate committees began scheduling hearings for several nominees while the ethics office grew concerned they were not being properly vetted ahead Senate committees time . " The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me , " Shaub wrote in a letter to Senate Shaub Leader Chuck Schumer and Massachusetts Senate Elizabeth Warren earlier this month . " This schedule has created undue pressure on The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process staff and agency ethics officials to rush through these important reviews . . .. In fact , OGE has not received even initial draft disclosure OGE for some of the nominees scheduled for hearings , " he wrote . The Trump transition team pushed OGE on Shaub ’s letter , saying the " transition process is currently running smoothly . " Yet Shaub did not back down . He blasted Shaub ’s proposed plan for separating OGE his business empire     calling it " wholly OGE " and " meaningless " at an event last week . Shaub ’s comments did not sit well with Shaub’s on Capitol Hill and Trump ’s team , however .   " The Trump’s of the government ethics ought to be careful because that person is becoming extremely political , " incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said Sunday on ABC News’ " This Week . "   Shaub ’s office has not responded to CNN interview Shaub’s , but if his letter earlier this month is any indication , Shaub’s office plans to stay the course despite the political Shaub’s office . " For as long as I remain director , OGE ’s staff and agency officials will not succumb to pressure to cut corners and ignore conflicts of interest , " Shaub wrote . 
 