" A visibly pained Marco Rubio   that Marco Rubio   does n’t know whether Marco Rubio   ’d be able to support Donald Trump if the Republican frontrunner wins the Republican frontrunner party ’s presidential nomination . " ’A day after   at Trump’ ’s Chicago rally , Marco Rubio   said he’ ’s concerned that the    magnate is feeding civil unrest , leading the country to " chaos " and " anarchy . " ’ ’"You wonder if we’’re headed in a different direction today where we’’re no longer capable of having differences of opinion but in fact now protests become a license to take up violence and take on your opponents physically , " Rubio said Saturday . " This is what happens when a leading presidential candidate goes around feeding into a narrative of bitterness and anger and frustration . " ’ ’This is a valid concern   —    but Rubio is as much to blame for ’This as Trump is.’ ’Remember , Rubio is the candidate who   President Barack Obama is " undermining this country " as " part of a plan to weaken America on the global stage . " Rubio   of Obama that " all this damage that he’ ’s done to America is deliberate . " Rubio  of Obama   the president’ ’s choice to speak at a mosque as an example of Rubio  of Obama " constant pitting people against each other , " which is " hurting America badly . " ’ ’Last month , when   Rubio’ ’s spokesman Alex Conant whether the senator believes Obama is " intentionally trying to destroy the America " Conant said Alex Conant absolutely . " ’ ’So who , exactly , is feeding into the narrative of bitterness , anger , and frustration?’ " This is an aspect of Trumpism that establishment Republicans like Rubio have failed to reckon with . They have establishment Republicans like Rubio seven years running around the country America the president of Rubio fifth columnist hell bent on destroying our country . America ’s America were as bad America people like Rubio say it is , Rubio civil unrest fomented by Trump would be justified . " ’Now the Republicans who fed this narrative are watching in apparent horror as they see voters have taken the Republicans who fed this narrative all too seriously.’ ’Rubio voters the idea of supporting Trump as the nominee is Trump getting harder every day . " Given the look on his face Saturday morning , the nominee believe he may not be able the nominee bring himself to do it . the nominee to withhold his support from Trump , the nominee would have Trump admit the nominee the prospect of another Democratic administration is not as horrible as he has said all along.’ the nominee think we all need to take a step back and ask whether we’’re contributing to this , " Rubio said Saturday about the unrest . He should start with himself.’ Rubio ’A visibly pained Marco Rubio told reporters . Rubio 
 