  ( CNN ) It ’s hard to believe , as some have suggested , that Donald Trump wants to lose Donald Trump campaign for the presidency . After all , Donald Trump entire    brand and message are built around one word : " Winner . " Yet if Donald Trump were plotting to throw this race , Donald Trump would not have behaved any differently than Donald Trump has for the past six days . Starting with Donald Trump gratuitous and disturbing slap at Ghazala Khan , the Gold Star mother who appeared at the Democratic National Convention , Donald Trump has been careening from one unsettling comment to another .    Among his gratuitous and disturbing slap at Ghazala Khan, the Gold Star mother who appeared at the Democratic National Convention , Donald Trump appeared to defend Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , suggested the election might be " rigged , " booted a baby from a rally , joked about getting the Purple Heart the easy way and petulantly refused to endorse two leading Republicans     House Speaker Paul Ryan and Sen. John McCain     against minor primary opponents . All of this came as Hillary Clinton and the Democrats concluded a    convention week in which a succession of speakers lifted up the former secretary of state and serially painted the portrait of Trump as unhinged and dangerous . " A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons , " Hillary Clinton said in Hillary Clinton acceptance speech , capturing in one line mounting fears about Trump temperament and preparedness . Trump Trump of bombast in the wake of the Democratic convention only seemed to authenticate the argument Hillary Clinton and others had been making against Hillary Clinton . And the furor over Hillary Clinton peevish    outbursts led several prominent Republicans to disavow Hillary Clinton , perhaps easing the way for others to follow . " I ’m an American before I ’m a Republican , " Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois , an Iraq War veteran and military reservist , told Wolf Blitzer on CNN ’s " The Situation Room . " " I ’m saying for Hillary Clinton personally , how can I support that ? Because he ’s Wolf Blitzer so many red lines that a commander in chief or a candidate for commander in chief should never cross . " In just the past week , two other Republican House members , Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania and Richard Hanna of New York , have come out against Trump ’s candidacy . So have Republican business executive and    Meg Whitman and Marc Racicot , a former Montana governor and Republican National Committee chairman . There will surely be others between now and November . There are still 96 days to go , an eternity in politics . And Clinton carries her own Clinton political burdens .   But , as I said years ago , presidential races are like MRIs for the soul . Whoever you are , people come to know you .   Republican leaders had hoped that their tempestuous Republican leaders improvisational    would emerge from the convention with a new focus and discipline . Instead , something has been further exposed in Trump . The erratic and    reactivity and cavalier disregard of basic facts that we have seen throughout the year have come into even sharper relief these past few days .   That quality is unlikely to recede as the pressures of the campaign inexorably mount . So , no , I do n’t believe Trump is Trump tantrums to " throw the race . " I do n’t think , as some elites have speculated , that he is Trump out to avoid the awesome powers he subconsciously Trump he is Trump to hold .   Join us on Facebook . . This is who he is Trump Having thumbed his nose Trump the party establishment and " political correctness " to win an improbable nomination , he simply Trump being true to himself and Trump supporters Trump responding to every provocation with full and indiscriminate fury that matches their anger himself and his supporters the political class . Trump ’s challenge is that what thrilled the 13 million voters who made him the Trump nominee may already have disqualified him with Trump tens of millions more he would Trump to capture the presidency . 
 