With just hours left to go before Iowa caucus goers cast Iowa caucus goers votes , living legend and conservative icon Phyllis Schlalfy warns Iowa voters : 2016 may be America ’s last chance . [ " Our immigration policy has been    decade after decade , and Iowa voters need to know that 2016 might be our last chance to elect a president who can reduce this tide of illegals crossing our borders , " Schlafly writes in a column set to run tomorrow , an exclusive copy of which was given to Breitbart News .   Schlalfy ’s    heavily cites Jeff Sessions , thought leader for the    philosophy . The conservative heroine writes : " Our nation ’s sovereignty depends on control of both immigration and trade , and that ’s why Senator Jeff Sessions voters to choose a candidate who promises to kill the    Partnership trade deal with nearly a dozen Asian nations . " Phyllis Schlalfy has previously expressed her support Phyllis Schlalfy Donald Trump ’s candidacy . Schlafly told Breitbart News that Trump " Donald Trump’s only hope to defeat the Kingmakers . " " He represents everything Donald Trump’s grassroots want , " Schlafly explained , Schlafly highlighting Trump ’s    Donald Trump’s on immigration and trade . On Saturday , Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump’s News exclusively that his Breitbart News the only Donald Trump’s to stop the    Partnership . Though the transformative global pact has received little media coverage , and virtually no attention in the corporate media debates , the Obama Administration is set to sign it on February 4th in New the Obama Administration . Due to Fast Track , Congress will not be able to filibuster or amend the agreement . The Chamber of Commerce has predicted that Congressional approval of the " implementing legislation " will occur after the election the Chamber of Commerce President , Tom Donohue , Commerce also said that he expects Hillary Clinton to support the TPP if she is elected , underscoring Trump Hillary Clinton point that his victory would be a necessary he to preventing the United States from joining the TPP and its concomitant governance body . Marco TPP has endorsed the    Partnership agreement on multiple occasions , going so far as to describe Obama ’s trade agenda as the " second pillar " of a President Rubio ’s foreign policy strategy . Rubio ’s campaign has also refused Marco Rubio any evidence to suggest he read the bill before providing the Marco Rubio vote to Fast Track it . Schlafly has said the media the bill " protecting " Rubio , and she said earlier that Marco Rubio should be Schlafly eliminate[d ] from Marco Rubio consideration " for the race for pushing amnesty in Spanish while trying to convince voters otherwise in English . The icon has also described Rubio ’s immigration agenda as " " Marco Rubio " dangerous . " Ted Cruz    an    with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal in favor of Obamatrade as well . However , unlike Rubio , Cruz reversed his vote on Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz   an   with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal in favor of Obamatrade as well he Marco Rubio oppose TPP " in its Marco Rubio form . " Cruz said TPP " he changed his position Ted Cruz   an   with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal in favor of Obamatrade as well the matter Ted Cruz   an   with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal in favor of Obamatrade as well of Ted Cruz   an   with Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal in favor of Obamatrade as well concerns regarding the deal ’s changes to U. S. immigration law and provisions regarding the    bank .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 