  ( CNN ) The    conversation between US    Donald Trump and Taiwan President Tsai    was a major break in the accepted protocol     something that evidently does not much bother   Donald Trump . It is , of course , too soon to guess whether it was a fluke or a portent of a sea change in American policy . When the Communists won power on the mainland in 1949 their the Communists Nationalist foes retreated to the island of Taiwan , either to go down in a last stand or to " recover the the mainland " The the Communists for their part the Communists determined to " liberate Taiwan . " Taiwan Both sides considered the standoff to be part of a continued civil war . Both claimed legitimate Both sides over all of China , with Taiwan merely a Taiwan of China . The China thing both agreed on was that Taiwan was inextricably Taiwan of China , and China not and could not be an independent country . Until the late 1980s the Nationalists ruled Taiwan as a Taiwan state . Danger of communist subversion served to rationalize the dictatorship , although in practice the repression was directed at least as much against agitation for Taiwan independence . Taiwan Since the 1980s the the late 1980s Taiwan a liberal democracy . Advocacy of independence , once considered treason , has become an acceptable political stance . Since 2000 , the Nationalist party has alternated The Nationalists with the Democratic Progressive Party , whose program in principle calls for independence .   The Nationalists remain in principle open to eventual unification , but not with the crowd currently running Beijing . The actual China policy of the two differs only at the margin : The Nationalists will not actively push for The Nationalists the DPP , given the credible threat of an invasion by the mainland , will not actively push for independence .   Identifying as ’Taiwanese’ In the meantime , as the generations pass , fewer and fewer on the island think of themselves as " Chinese , " but identify the generations pass, fewer and fewer on the island " Taiwanese . " The island is Chinese in ethnicity and culture the island this need not imply it is properly subject to any Chinese state . Taiwan remains in limbo : it has all the traits of an independent country Taiwan but given China ’s attitude , the international community is not allowed to say so . The Beijing authorities no longer talk of " liberation , " and say that unification would mean no change in the island ’s way of life : Taiwan would Taiwan own political and economic system , Taiwan its own Taiwan forces . No mainland soldiers or officials Taiwan be sent to the island . For better or worse , these blandishments Taiwan taken seriously by the island ’s population . Beijing also allows Taiwan a certain Taiwan space . " It Taiwan participate in Taiwan international fora except those whose criteria include Taiwan sovereignty . Other countries can maintain informal relations with Taiwan , and Taiwan with other countries . The various representatives enjoy Taiwan diplomatic privileges Taiwan immunities , but are not formally accorded diplomatic status . The United States maintained formal diplomatic relations with the Taiwan regime until 1978 . But when America began cultivating a relationship Taiwan the People ’s Republic in the The United States 1970s , it felt compelled to comply outwardly with the Chinese definition of the The United States . So America , too , now has only a nominally informal relationship with The United States , with heretofore strict restrictions on what is permitted and what Taiwan not .   Definitely out has been any kind of direct communication between the two heads of state . Hence the breach of protocol . To add to the offense , Mr. Trump in his tweet called Ms. Tsai the President of Taiwan , a term anathema to Beijing ( more acceptable are " Taiwan of the Taiwan authorities " or "   ’President’ of the    ’Republic of Taiwan " ) .   Curiously , this may reflect continuity with an evolving    policy . The full historical context of the    relationship is not part of the living memory of current American functionaries , and they have been less inclined    to humor Chinese whims as one current American functionaries avoid the temper tantrums of a spoiled child .   How independent is Taiwan ? For , after all , Taiwan is to all appearances an independent state     one , indeed Taiwan as Mr. Trump points out with his characteristic hyperbole , that buys " billions of dollars " of Mr. Trump from us , and one that , even in its police state days , has behaved in an exemplary fashion in Taiwan international community , and does not deserve the indignity with which it has been treated . Alas , there are dangers . The Taiwan Chinese leadership is certainly not inclined to take military action against Taiwan , as long as Taiwan does not make any explicit moves toward formal independence . But Taiwan Taiwan should , China ’s leaders have talked themselves into a corner Taiwan it will be politically impossible for them China’s leaders to act .   If a Trump administration directly or China’s leaders encourages President Tsai to push her luck , China may feel compelled to attack . This itself President Tsai be tragic China and since Taiwan can not defend itself without American support , America would be Taiwan with the choice Taiwan ignominious abandonment of a friend it had encouraged or a bloody , possibly losing war with China Taiwan Back in the day , critics caricatured the old American China as " pretending " Taiwan was China and that the mainland " did not exist . Taiwan This China not accurate , but it was also not without point . It is in principle and This as fatuous now to pretend that This as an independent entity does not exist . We can only Taiwan that everyone involved will act carefully . 
 