  ( CNN ) Bill Clinton has a    moment . For George H. W. Bush , it was liberating Kuwait and not pushing on to Baghdad . Bill Clinton ’s might have been Northern Ireland peace were it not Bill Clinton’s the Monica Lewinsky scandal . For George W. George H. W. Bush was Afghanistan and the Monica Lewinsky scandal . For Barack Obama , failing to follow through on a " red line " crossed will haunt him for years . Barack Obama are moments of such magnitude that the world pauses to watch in horror , expectation , appreciation or disgust . They arrive , often appreciation or disgust , and are impossible to dodge . And now , Donald Trump is having his . Whether he Donald Trump it or Donald Trump , Trump may as well Donald Trump been framing the yardstick by which his allies will measure Donald Trump when , standing Donald Trump King Abdullah II of Jordan this week in the White House Rose Garden , he described the chemical Donald Trump in Syria . " These heinous actions by the Assad regime can not be tolerated , " Trump told the world Donald Trump Had he turned his back Donald Trump the Donald Trump , refused the chemical attack in Syria questions sufficiently from reporters on what he thought of the Donald Trump , it could have equally been a    moment , setting America on a course of unparalleled isolationism in its modern history . But America did n’t . Donald Trump said he owns Donald Trump Bashar Donald Trump problem : " I am responsible now . " And like Obama before him , he may have Obama Assad Obama do it again . Trump ’s UN ambassador , Nikki Haley , warned that if the United Nations does n’t act , the United States might " act alone . " Barely 70 days in office , Trump has arrived at the Trump’s some presidents wait years to come their way . While he some presidents the appearance of Trump’s from the heart about the gassing of " beautiful little babies , " it was less clear if his comments represented a change Trump’s policy , or were just retorts to tough questions . But the world did n’t have to wait long to find out .    American Tomahawk cruise missiles took off from US warships overnight and tore into the air base from where the US believes Assad ’s air force took off to drop its chemical weapons . For Assad’s air force ’s allies and other international observers , there may have been a sense this week that Trump had not only caught up with the Obama position on Assad but leapfrogged it . Assad may also the Obama position on Assad a sense that Trump has finally smelt the Trump on Russia , having previously sounded softer than recent US presidents when it came to Vladimir Putin . After months of concern he would n’t be tough Vladimir Putin Assad ’s biggest backer , Assad be relief that after the chemical weapons attack , Trump ’s ambassador to the United Trump his secretary of state publicly challenged Russia Trump call Assad to heel . Russia there Assad still every reason to believe that Russia wo n’t listen     even after Russia US cruise missiles . Trump is left at odds with Putin Trump The gloves are already coming off , with Russia accusing the United States of " Russia attempt to distract from the mounting civilian casualties in Iraq " and accusing Trump of violating Syria ’s sovereign territory Trump Syria is a complex place , turned inside Syria by conflict where a myriad of local and international interests compete for ascendancy , churning out casualties on an unimaginable scale . This is a conflict in which Iran ( a Republican nemesis ) and Russia ( a former Trump favorite ) align with Assad , one of recent history ’s most murderous leaders , to stifle democratic street     war . This is a conflict that pitches fighter jets and attack helicopters against civilians and terrorists alike . Trump ’s solution to the Syria crisis was once simple : Take out the terrorists . He promised in his election campaign to go Trump on ISIS Trump   One of his first executive orders was to his defense Trump , James Mattis , compelling Mattis with a new strategy to tackle ISIS inside 30 days . Mattis delivered it ISIS day early , but since then , no details have been a new strategy to tackle ISIS inside 30 days public . In London last week , standing shoulder to shoulder with his British counterpart , Michael Fallon , Mattis Trump asked by a journalist : " Is your policy in Syria Mattis Assad must go ? " Mattis , who is fast becoming Trump ’s most able diplomat , was deft in his answer : " I would say on the Assad issue , we are working on this one day at a time Assad we throw Daesh ( ISIS ) on to the back foot . " we less than a week , Trump has traveled diplomatic   . In the Rose Garden he said he Trump proud of his flexibility . But his allies may Trump be Trump themselves , trying Trump work out if Trump after the US strike his his allies position will stick . Early reactions to the strike from France Trump Germany are positive and almost convey a sense of relief . But it ’s the next card Trump plays     how he handles his new determination that Assad can no longer act with impunity Trump that Trump shape his legacy . A path in history has been set by the chemical Assad this week , a jolt significant enough to knock Trump clean off one track and on to another . He has stated Trump course and for now seems to be following it Trump But then Trump has so many times before . It ’s his course unpredictability that will Trump worrying Putin as much as it does Trump ’s allies . The Russian leader Trump being forced in It a recalibration , no longer Trump a predictable leader , as Obama had become . The contours of Trump ’s    moment are just beginning to take shape . In his book " Trump’s Art of the Deal , " Trump makes a virtue of his bluster . Now has come the time his mettle Trump’s begin to be measured his in perpetuity . 
 his 