Texas Senator Ted Cruz visited the Laredo Sector of the U. S.   border and did not contact Border Patrol agents to discuss Border Patrol agents needs . [ According to Border Patrol agents , Texas Senator Ted Cruz has yet to contact them through Border Patrol agents Texas Senator Ted Cruz term in the U. S. Senate . The Border Border Patrol agents to Texas and rebuked the Senator Texas Senator Ted Cruz they say is a pattern of having Border Patrol agents rhetoric while taking little action . The agents say that Senator Cruz only Border Patrol agents the border to hand out teddy bears on camera or to hear the Obama Administration political appointees’ glossy version of the realities on the ground . Senator Cruz ’s spokesperson Texas Senator Ted Cruz assertions and told Breitbart Texas , " We had a positive and informative meeting where Customs and Border [ Protection ] leaders were present . "   Even the most ardent conservatives and border security fighters , both in elected positions and in the grassroots , have long recognized that the National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) is the only mechanism Border Patrol agents have to speak out and to hold Obama ’s Customs and Border Protection agency ( CBP ) accountable . Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz , Texas Rep. Blake Farenthold , Arizona Senator John McCain , Texas Senator John Cornyn , Arkansas Rep. French Hill , and Texas Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump are all on the long list of leaders who recognize the importance of reaching to actual Border Patrol agents through the NBPC . Texas grassroots Tea Party leaders even brought Border Patrol Agent Hector Texas from Laredo to speak to the Texas Senate on border security , a service he could only perform due to his role in the NBPC Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza Still , say Border Patrol Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza , Senator the NBPC never reached out to Border Patrol even returned their repeated calls to him . Catherine Frazier , Border Patrol agents spokesperson for Senator Border Patrol agents , disputes this Senator Cruz . She told Breitbart Texas that there Senator Cruz record of the agents reaching out Catherine Frazier, a spokesperson for Senator Cruz the senator . " This is the final straw , " says Border Patrol Senator Cruz Garza . " He finally came to Laredo to see the border and he did n’t even contact Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza . " Agent Garza spoke exclusively to Breitbart Texas Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza his role as NBPC Local 2455 President Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza CBP gives Breitbart Texas Texas their    Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza tells them to give . They are deceiving the American public . What a The CBP sees on an The CBP tour is nothing The CBP to the reality we experience each day as agents . Considering the tough rhetoric Senator Ted Cruz puts out on border security and on supporting agents , you would think he would actually return our calls , " said Agent Garza . " Senator Cruz doing this the tough rhetoric Senator Ted Cruz when his history of doing this is considered , clearly engaged in the tough rhetoric Senator Ted Cruz stunt in our city . the tough rhetoric Senator Ted Cruz more . " Agent Garza ’s accusations against CBP , the parent agency for the Border Patrol , can be confirmed Agent Garza Garza . On a previous occasion in the Laredo Sector , Fusion TV ’s Jorge Ramos announced a visit the the area . Though there was minimal security the weekend prior , Ramos’ visit saw agents on horseback , boats , ATV ’s and even a patrolling helicopter . The agency did that to present an inaccurate portrayal to media of what the border security is like in Ramos’ . The NBPC ’s president , Border Patrol Agent Brandon Judd , also spoke with Breitbart Texas on the matter : " I ’m very disappointed that Senator Cruz chose to disregard and ignore the     men and women of the Border Patrol when he visited the border . He had to know the agency was going to give him nothing more than a Senator Cruz   ’ show instead Senator Cruz showing him the actual problems . " Agent Judd Senator Cruz , " This is one more reason the border is n’t Senator Cruz closer to being secured today than it was 10 years ago . Until elected officials the border all stakeholders , they will never get a true grasp the border an issue . " Indeed , Senator Cruz has had a problematic relationship elected officials the NBPC that includes approximately 16 , 500 of our nations Border Patrol agents . Shortly after Breitbart Texas brought the border crisis to national prominence with the June 2014 release of over forty internal photos depicting overcrowded Border Patrol facilities in the Rio Grande Valley Sector , Senator Cruz stepped in front of the many cameras that flocked to the region to pass out teddy bears with Glenn Senator Cruz He later visited Arizona ’s Tucson Sector   —    but only as he was competing in the state ’s Republican presidential Senator Cruz and residents were voting . In that case , Breitbart Texas has Senator Cruz that Senator Cruz reached out to CBP instead of to the agents themselves . CBP declined to participate due to concerns over the Hatch Act . Senator Cruz went to the border with ranchers . The CBP ultimately ended up endorsing Donald Trump in the GOP primary . Senator Cruz research reveals that many in leadership at the NBPC actually wanted to support Senator Cruz , but they indicated that he had made no effort to have a relationship with The NBPC organization advocating for the Senator Cruz the NBPC . Senator many in leadership at the NBPC actually wanted to support Senator Cruz ’s Senator Cruz , Catherine Frazier , responded to Breitbart Texas media inquiry on this matter and she felt that Senator Cruz had Senator Cruz to fight for border security : Cruz had a positive and informative meeting and border tour in Senator Cruz this week Senator Cruz one has been a greater advocate for giving border agents the Senator Cruz they need to secure our border . Our Senate office   has no record of a request from NBPC to meet , but the Senator is happy to border agents so at their convenience to discuss their concerns . Sen. Cruz is well aware of the barriers that this administration has imposed on many of our agents to share opinions Our Senate office   do the job Our Senate office   ’s necessary , which is exactly why he led the fight to stop the Gang of 8 legislation that would have made the problem even worse . Brandon Darby is managing director and     of Sen. Cruz Texas . Follow him on Twitter and Facebook . ( Disclosure : Breitbart Texas sponsored the Green Line podcast for the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents Brandon Darby inform the public about the realities on the Breitbart Texas what Border Patrol agents face . Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo chapter of the NBPC for his work in helping to defend and bring a voice to Border Patrol agents . Breitbart News assisted in covering funeral costs for a slain the NBPC agent previously Director Brandon Darby )   This article has been updated to include an Border Patrol from Senator Cruz ’s spokesperson . 
 Border Patrol 