  ( CNN ) After the wave of controversy surrounding Donald Trump ’s comments on immigration , Donald Trump is not backing down . And neither are Donald Trump people . In an interview with CNN ’s " New Day , " Special Counsel to Donald Trump Michael Cohen defended the infamous line from Donald Trump presidential announcement that has caused an ongoing uproar : " When Mexico sends its Mexico , they its people not sending their its people . .. They its people bringing drugs . They its people bringing crime . They its people rapists . " Cohen Donald Trump Michael Cohen that Trump Donald Trump not wrong to make these comments . Here are some highlights from his Donald Trump Michael Cohen : He Donald Trump Michael Cohen talking about Mexico Mexico not Mexicans , " Mr. Donald Trump made any derogatory or disparaging comments about Mexican immigrants . .. He was Donald Trump Michael Cohen about Mexico , Mexico Cohen said Donald Trump Michael Cohen " They ’re Mexican immigrants people to pour through their borders Mexican immigrants that ’s a problem for our national security . " He is Donald Trump Michael Cohen voice for ’silent majority’ Cohen dismissed Donald Trump Michael Cohen notion that Trump is a demagogue , feeding into angry voters . " Donald Trump Trump the voice of the silent majority ,   and I think he ’s awoken Trump silent majority , " Cohen said Donald Trump Michael Cohen " People are very angry and the people who are the most angry are actually the legal immigrants who see their jobs fleeing the people who are the most angry " And when asked whether on Trump ’s tweets Trump escape of Mexican drug lord El Chapo ’s to illegal immigration are productive , Cohen said Donald Trump Michael Cohen Trump ’s point is Trump Mexican government is corrupt . " That ’s what he ’s been saying for Mexican drug lord El Chapo long time . .. I ’m not saying he ’s the first and Mexican drug lord El Chapo ’m not saying he ’s ’m last but Mexican drug lord El Chapo ’s the one with Mexican drug lord El Chapo voice and he ’s saying it today Mexican drug lord El Chapo that ’s important , " Cohen said . READ : Rupert Murdoch : Donald Trump ’wrong’ on immigration , Cohen added that Trump is Cohen a good man . He ’s a man who Cohen deeply about this country and his theme of ’Make America Cohen Again’ is something that he is 100 percent adamant Great Again’ accomplishing . " Trump does not need to apologize , Asked whether Trump should apologize to the Trump community , Cohen said no because " Cohen did n’t insult anybody Trump " " Many of them are using the language Trump should apologize to the Latino community the unfortunate liberal media ’s attack upon Mr. Trump to go ahead and jump all over him , " Cohen said Mr. Trump Trump loves Cohen immigrants , Trump Donald Trump is a champion Trump immigrants , " Cohen said and added that Cohen ’s family comes from " a series of legal immigrants , from his father , to his Cohen wife . " Cohen : Donald Trump , Jeb Bush heckler Trump was not ready for Trump , Cohen said that while Trump Trump comments that rapists and drug Trump are crossing the border " may not be nice , " but they happen " to be potentially and Trump’s comments that rapists and drug dealers are crossing the border "may not be nice , true . "   " What Donald Trump has done is he sparked Trump about really , immigration Trump and that ’s something that I do n’t think the Republican Party was prepared at this time for , " Cohen said . 
 Cohen 