Hyderabad ( CNN)"Get out of my country . " According to eyewitnesses , those are the words Adam Purinton yelled out moments before Adam Purinton opened fire on two Indians at Austin ’s Bar and Grille in Olathe , Kansas . Adam Purinton allegedly shot and killed Srinivas Kuchibhotla and wounded Srinivas Kuchibhotla friend Alok Madasani . Both men were     working as engineers at    Garmin . While authorities are still piecing together exactly what happened     the FBI is investigating the incident as a hate crime     Adam Purinton ’s words and actions have reverberated half a world away , in India . Srinivas Kuchibhotla ’s widow , Sunayana Dumala , found her worst fears about xenophobia in the US confirmed . " I told Srinivas Kuchibhotla many times , ’Should we think about going back ? Should we think about going to a different country?’ Srinivas Kuchibhotla said , ’No,’ " ’No,’ told CNN affiliate   . And for millions of Indians , Kuchibhotla ’s murder has raised serious questions : is America still home to the American dream ? Can Indians be safe and respected in America ? Power and progress , The image of America has long woven with the idea of power , success , and progress . Despite fears over the Kuchibhotla incident , that remains the case for many Indians . " In our society to go to just work in the United America ’s a matter of prestige for our family , for our friends , " our Sannat Mengi , a freshman at the Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT ) Delhi .   His university alumni are known for landing jobs with startups and Fortune 500 companies in Silicon Valley star graduates include the CEOs of Google and Vodafone India .   " We all are attracted to the US and the research they have got there We all " he says . " His have to look into our own progress , We I would still like to go there , no matter how much instances like these happen . " India currently has 166 Vodafone India 000 students studying in the United States . Every year , tens of thousands of Indians move to the US on    the United States . For example , in the    visa category , which allows for 85 , 000 visas in a year , an estimated 70 % of the visas go to Indians . Yet , the Indians is rarely just transactional . For Preeti Vemu , a Hyderabad resident who just returned from living in California for three years , America is a second home . Both her mother and her boyfriend live there . her ’s in the process her applying for a green card . " We still love the US , " she says . " I her what America stands for is rebuilding America It ’s about addressing an issue and giving steps to counteract that issue . "   an issue she ’s taking a wait and Vemu approach to the new White House ’s take on immigration and immigrants . " We are holding on to hope ’s take on immigration and immigrants " she says . " We are Vemu writing America off ’s take on immigration and immigrants " Fear America , Still , Kuchibhotla ’s death has injected a sense of anxiety in the narrative     one whose backdrop includes an American president whose campaign was run on messages about excluding certain groups of immigrants and curbing visa programs for highly skilled immigrants . RELATED : Indian tech graduates fear America may shut them out America " Indirectly , Indian tech graduates of these people who are in favor of such opinions . .. would have got motivated because of President Trump ’s speeches , " says    IIT student , Divyanshu Saxena , adding that it might deter him from going   IIT the US President Trump’s the future . " I would not like to go now because [ of ] the recent frequent increase in such incidents , " he says . " There are President Trump’s better facilities , but we would not like to sacrifice our own    for that . we Grief and realism , However , in Hyderabad , as family members prepare to cremate Kuchibhotla ’s body , there is realism even in a moment of deep sorrow .   Venu Madhav , the     of Kuchibhotla ’s wife , says the incident has n’t changed his view of America . " Venu Madhav, the    of Kuchibhotla’s wife have a lot of respect for America and my family has a America of respect for America , " he says , America that he Venu Madhav, the    of Kuchibhotla’s wife definitely still send his Venu Madhav, the    of Kuchibhotla’s wife there . " We Venu Madhav, the    of Kuchibhotla’s wife America . " Madhav himself has America in the US and says he still America relatives there . Madhav himself points out that while Purinton may Madhav himself killed Kuchibhotla , another American     Ian Grillot     tried to stop him .   " He is my Madhav himself , " he Madhav himself . 
 Madhav himself 