Donald J. Trump raged at the leaked reports of Donald J. Trump plan to choose Mike Pence , the governor of Indiana , as Donald J. Trump running mate . In public , Donald J. Trump denied having made a " final , final decision , " and postponed a planned event to unveil Donald J. Trump choice . In a Thursday evening phone call with top aides , Donald J. Trump asked for reassurance that Mr. Trump . In conversations late into the evening , Mr. Trump repeatedly hesitated over selecting Mr. Pence , according to people briefed on the tense deliberations , who insisted on anonymity to describe the confidential talks . Even as his emissaries reassured Mr. Mr. Pence Mr. Trump fielded Mr. Trump    appeal from Gov. Chris Mr. Trump New Jersey , another finalist , who once again pressed his own case . Advisers and family members stressed over Mr. Trump over to Mr. Trump that he was selecting a running mate to Mr. Trump Republican Party Mr. Trump not a new best friend . But before flying back from a    in California , Mr. Trump had settled on a plan for the morning . Mr. Trump insisted that he would not make a Friday announcement out of respect for the Mr. Trump in Nice , France , he would reverse course , appropriately enough , on Twitter , and Mr. Trump Mr. Pence as his choice on late Friday morning . In Mr. Pence , the Mr. Trump Republican nominee has found a running mate Mr. Pence conservative credentials , warm relationships in Washington and a vast reservoir of good will with the Christian right . National Republican leaders , including the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan , had pronounced Mr. Pence an excellent choice in advance of Mr. Trump ’s announcement . Mr. Pence is viewed as a sturdy and dependable politician by Republicans in Mr. Pence Washington , and chided Mr. Trump for his proposal to bar Muslims from entering the United States , Mr. Trump’s " offensive Mr. Trump’s unconstitutional " in a Twitter post in December . But Mr. Pence selecting Mr. Pence would seem to be a concession to standard political imperatives , the Mr. Pence also a gamble for Mr. Trump , who has typically valued his allies for their deep loyalty and public feistiness , rather than for the workmanlike political Mr. Trump’s that Mr. Pence embodies . Mr. Pence also has a record of    views on cultural issues that Mr. Trump Mr. Pence to play down in the presidential race . Mr. Pence has advocated defunding Planned Parenthood and restricting abortion rights , and he signed a Mr. Pence law that critics said would lead to discrimination against gay men and Mr. Pence . Mr. Pence was mobbed by reporters as he left the Intercontinental Hotel in Midtown Manhattan in the Mr. Pence , sporting a big smile . Mr. Pence pronounced himself " very humbled , very grateful " to be chosen . Asked what his message Mr. Pence to Mr. Pence voters , Mr. Pence paused for a moment and stammered slightly . " Mr. Pence love Indiana , we love our Mr. Pence " he said in a measured tone . " I could n’t be Indiana honored We have We opportunity to Mr. Pence with and serve with the next president of the United States . " After leaving a meeting with Mr. Trump at Trump Tower later in the afternoon , Mr. Pence did not respond to questions about Mr. Trump ’s reported vacillation over choosing him . Both the Mr. Pence and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign will scramble to Mr. Trump Pence over the next week . Mr. Trump is little known Mr. Trump the national scene , and a CBS News Mr. Pence before his selection found that nearly nine in Mr. Trump Americans did not have an opinion of him . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign attacked Mr. Mr. Trump on Friday as " the most extreme pick in a generation , " citing Mr. Trump views Hillary Clinton Mr. Pence , immigration and the minimum wage . John D. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had reinforced " some of his most disturbing beliefs by choosing an incredibly divisive and unpopular running Hillary Clinton supporting discriminatory Mr. Trump failed economic policies . " Mr. Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence , who have no personal relationship predating the campaign , engaged in a whirlwind courtship over the last week , holding a rally together Mr. Trump Pence by phone on Wednesday night and signaled that he intended to choose him for vice president , a person familiar with the call said . But Mr. Trump wrestled on Thursday with the final arrangements for a rollout . He expressed fury to campaign aides over news reports that his Mr. Trump were informing political Mr. Trump of the Indiana governor ’s selection , and bristled at the idea that Mr. Trump locked into the choice . In a phone call with members of Mr. Trump campaign leadership , Mr. Trump questioned whether Mr. Pence Mr. Trump was the right choice , and Paul Manafort , the campaign chairman , reiterated the case for choosing Mr. Trump Pence , according to a person briefed on the call . Reached by phone on Friday , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump had never wavered on Mr. Pence once the decision Mr. Manafort Mr. Pence as a political choice , he added , simply reflected Mr. Trump ’s loose conversational style . " Once he made the decision , nothing Mr. Trump " Mr. Manafort said . Mr. Pence night , the only issue from the time of the Mr. Pence to the time he got on a plane at Mr. Trump was Mr. Manafort details of how we rescheduled things Mr. Trump " The newly forged ticket will face a the decision in the coming days , Mr. Manafort very different political performers get accustomed to each other as teammates . Mr. Trump Trump campaign said both men would appear together at the Hilton Midtown in Manhattan on Saturday , and the campaign previously committed to a joint interview on " 60 Minutes " on CBS . Their chemistry could determine just how extensively the two will campaign together during the summer and fall . According to the Trump campaign the Trump campaign ’s deliberations , Mr. Pence could conceivably travel the country on his own , shoring the Trump campaign for Mr. Trump in conservative areas and    states , like North Carolina and Arizona both men where Mr. Trump appears vulnerable . Within Mr. Trump ’s inner circle , Mr. Pence is seen as a reliable sidekick , unlikely to cause trouble or upstage Mr. Trump in any way . But the Mr. Pence between Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence remains a work in progress , and they could well form a closer bond over the Mr. Trump in conservative areas the campaign . Even as Mr. Trump in conservative areas as the Mr. Pence of Mr. Trump ’s advisers , both Mr. Christie and Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker Mr. Trump in conservative areas as alternative possibilities . Allies of Mr. Christie Mr. Pence , as late as Friday morning , that he was still in the relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence . When the choice was finally made , it caught at Mr. Pence contender by surprise : Mr. Gingrich said in an email a Mr. Trump in conservative areas 11 a. m. that he had yet to hear directly from the Trump campaign about its decision . As the day unfolded , the campaign seemed ill prepared to trumpet the new partnership . A Mr. Christie released to highlight Mr. Pence was merely a    clip of his the choice rally with Mr. Trump in Indiana . By Newt Gingrich of the evening on Friday , the home page of Mr. Trump ’s Newt Gingrich website included no mention of Mr. Pence . With his the Trump campaign for national office , Mr. Pence also the Trump campaign first Indiana governor to pull his name from the ballot so that he could be replaced by another candidate , who will Newt Gingrich selected by the Indiana Republican Party . His    withdrawal from the governor ’s race touched off a hectic scene in Indianapolis Mr. Trump in Indiana of anticipation at the statehouse there Mr. Pence morning Newt Gingrich Matt Morgan , a lawyer for Mr. Mr. Pence campaign for governor , wended his Newt Gingrich Indiana a gaggle of television cameras Newt Gingrich in the lobby of the Indiana secretary of state , holding the governor ’s papers to withdraw Newt Gingrich the race . He handed the papers to Connie Lawson Indiana Mr. Pence state , and they were officially stamped at 11:05 a. m. 
 Friday morning the governor’s the governor’s the governor’s race Matt Morgan, a lawyer for Mr. Pence’s campaign for governor the governor’s papers Connie Lawson, the secretary of state 