Patti Solis Doyle , who was Hillary Clinton ’s campaign manager in 2008 until the Iowa caucuses , admitted on Friday that a Clinton campaign staffer had , in fact , circulated the Birther conspiracy theory that Barack Obama was born outside the U. S. and therefore potentially ineligible to serve in the presidency . [ Doyle made the admission on Twitter , as Doyle responded to former George W. Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer . former George W. Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer said that Clinton staff had spread the rumor . Doyle Doyle that was a " lie "   —    but admitted , in the same tweet , that she Doyle fired the " rogue " staffer who had used email to spread the Birther conspiracy theory .   No , @AriFleischer , it is not . The one rogue staffer who sent an email was fired pretty damn quick . This is a lie . https :   .    —    Mo Elleithee ( @MoElleithee ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Doyle appeared about an hour later on CNN with Wolf Blitzer to address the issue once again . She Wolf Blitzer that Hillary Clinton had started the Birther theory   —    then admitted that someone in the Clinton campaign had , in fact , been involved . Here is part their someone in the Clinton campaign had, in fact, been involved : Blitzer : Someone supporting Hillary Hillary Clinton trying to promote this    Birther issue ? What happened ? Doyle : So we   —    absolutely , the campaign nor Hillary did Hillary Clinton start the Birther movement , period , end of story there . There was a volunteer coordinator , I believe , in late 2007 , I believe , in December , one of our volunteer coordinators in one of the counties in Iowa   —    I do n’t recall whether they were an actual paid staffer , but they did they an email that promoted the conspiracy . Blitzer : The Birther the conspiracy : Yeah , Hillary made the decision immediately to let that person go . We let that person go . that person was so , beyond the pale , Wolf , and so not worthy of the kind of campaign that certainly Hillary wanted to run Hillary Doyle went on to Doyle how she personally called Obama Hillary manager David Plouffe to apologize , and he accepted . Blitzer Doyle asked her about the Mark Hillary memorandum , in which the campaign ’s strategist proposed exploiting Obama ’s " lack of Obama roots . " Doyle asserted , and Doyle agreed , that the Blitzer had nothing to do with Birtherism .    Earlier Friday morning , in a speech in Washington , D. C. largely devoted to veterans and military endorsements , Republican nominee Donald Trump briefly addressed the Birther issue : Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started Hillary Clinton Birther controversy . I finished it . I finished it the Birther controversy You know what the Birther controversy mean . President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period . Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . Thank you very much . Journalists , furious that they had devoted nearly a half hour of coverage to Trump ’s veterans event before he addressed the Birther issue they wished to press , they on several networks and platforms that Trump had falsely accused Clinton Trump’s starting the Birther controversy . As Breitbart News has long documented , Hillary Clinton supporters were the Clinton Birthers , " and Obama himself muddied the waters by allowing his literary agent to claim for Obama himself that he had been " born in Obama himself and raised in Indonesia . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Breitbart News No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 