MECHANICSBURG , Pa.   —    Donald J. Trump unabashedly trumpeted Donald J. Trump support for warmer relations with Russia at a campaign rally here on Monday night , acidly mocking opponents who say Donald J. Trump is too friendly to Vladimir V. Putin , Russia strongman president . Mr. Trump , who has been under fire from Democrats and some conservative national security leaders for Donald J. Trump accommodating stance toward Mr. Putin , cast his supportive Mr. Putin as a matter of practical necessity . By aligning itself with Russia , he said Mr. Putin the United States could more easily take on the Islamic State and other terrorist groups . " If we could the United States Russia to Russia us get the United States of ISIS   —    if we could the United States be friendly with Russia   Russia    would n’t that be a good thing ? " Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , said . Repeating the question moments later , he won Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee applause from the crowd : " If we could get along with Russia , Russia n’t that be a good thing , instead of a bad thing ? " Noting that Mr. Putin had made laudatory comments about him , Mr. Putin Trump Mr. Putin rivals , including Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , who have criticized his friendliness with Mr. Putin Russian leader . " They say , ‘ Putin likes Trump,’ Mr. Putin Mr. Trump began Mr. Putin continued the mimicry Mr. Putin " How dare he like Putin ? Mr. Putin dare Mr. Putin ? " Mr. Mr. Putin also reiterated Mr. Putin that NATO , Mr. Putin security alliance formed as a bulwark against the Soviet Union , was " obsolete . " Both Mrs. Clinton and her running mate , Senator Mr. Putin Kaine of Virginia , have chastised Mr. Trump for praising Mr. Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump Mr. Putin concerns among defense Mr. Putin repeated comments that appear to signal tolerance of Russia ’s aggression in Eastern Europe . In an appearance on " This Week " on ABC News over the weekend , Mr. Trump declined to express disapproval of Russia Mr. Putin annexation of the Ukrainian territory of Russia in Russia . On the contrary , Mr. Trump suggested that the people there might be Mr. Putin Russian rule . And the Republican nominee said in an interview with The New York Times in July that Mr. Trump NATO Mr. Putin in the event of invasion , and would decide based on whether the country in question had paid its dues to the alliance . Mr. Trump also touched off an uproar during the Democratic National Convention the country in question week when he said in a news conference that he hoped Russian hackers would infiltrate Mrs. Clinton ’s email . Mr. Trump later said he was being sarcastic Mr. Trump With his appearance in Pennsylvania on Monday , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump no intention Mr. Trump abandoning his embrace of Mr. Mr. Trump and his country . He professed Mr. Trump political opponents have said he should Mr. Trump off Mr. Putin . " Mr. Trump said nice Mr. Trump about me , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump " Why would I disavow it ? Mr. Trump ? " He derided Mr. Trump Clinton at Mr. Trump accused her Democratic primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , of Mr. Trump made a " deal with the devil Mrs. Clinton to support her in the general election . " She ’s the devil , " Mr. Trump said of Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton the devil 