I ’m currently in Girdwood , Alaska . You may wonder what has caused the gay European population of Alaska to climb , well , 100 % and the answer is that I am in the United States because I no longer recognise the Europe I grew up in . [ I most often talk and write about the United States these days , but today I must talk to you about my homeland and the problems it faces the United States It is important that Americans understand these problems because Europe ’s Europe will be America ’s the United States if y’ all do n’t act to prevent them .    y’all hundreds of years , Europe was a Europe and unique continent packed with fragile and remarkable cultures in a comparatively tiny area . It really is small . You can take a train trip through several countries and experience half a dozen different cuisines , styles of music and people in the same time it would take to drive across an    state in the US . But I worry that my Europe   — Europe the Europe of Mozart , Wagner , Rembrandt , Shakespeare , Hobbes , Locke and Hume   —    is rapidly disappearing . What has replaced it is a confused place with no clear identity , clouded with fear , run by unaccountable and incompetent globalist bureaucrats . Its people are it . They ’re afraid Its people something the media and political classes seem intent on encouraging , against the wishes of the people . I ’m talking about the rising tide of Islamic immigration . This is a difficult subject , and one that many Europeans do n’t want to talk or think about , for fear of being branded racist or bigoted . But , to my mind , it ’s the This important dimension of the referendum , easily eclipsing questions about GDP , import tariffs and even national sovereignty . Europe has bent over backwards to accommodate Muslims , hoping with every placation that Muslims will integrate with their host cultures Muslims But that ’s not happening . Instead of integrating , Muslims have got more segregated and extreme in their beliefs and Muslims . Think about some of the news stories we ’ve seen about Islam . In Rotherham , 1 , 400 girls were raped by Pakistani rape gangs because the authorities were too afraid of being called " racist " to investigate their crimes properly Pakistani rape gangs    " rapefugees " are flooding Europe . We do n’t see many women and children flooding into our cities under We cover of western compassion . We do see We lot of    young men with iPhones . There is now a Muslim crime wave in Europe that governments Europe n’t recognise . In Sweden , recently crowned the rape capital of Europe , police Europe even been banned from mentioning the ethnicity of rape suspects . Why ? The terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels were committed by a mixture of homegrown terrorists and    refugees   —    that is , ISIS operatives who came in because we ’re too dumb to vet migrants properly . France , motherland of Berlioz , Sartre , Debussy , Monet and Cézanne , is today full of " police    zones . " Calais is now known as The Jungle and the Paris Metro looks like South Sudan   —    and is about as safe . In my home town of London we ’ve elected a Muslim , Sadiq Khan , as mayor . We call him we moderate , ignoring his past history him some nasty characters , the fact that his wife immediately him a hijab after he was elected him his idiotic beef him Donald Trump and his move to him " body shaming " ads on the Tube . He has vowed him ban images of women in the public square in the name of feminism . But that sounds eerily like what happens in the Middle East , does n’t it ? The people of Europe have started to realise they have not The people of Europe radical Islam problem , but an Islam problem . Some Europeans might find this difficult to hear . They might even Some Europeans it " islamophobic this " But consider the evidence . A Gallup poll a few years ago showed that 100 per cent of British Muslims believe homosexuality is an unacceptable lifestyle choice . Over half of them want it Some Europeans illegal , too . 39 per cent of British Muslims believe British Muslims should always obey her husband . And a woman quarter of them want sharia Some Europeans in the UK . I was in Orlando last week , the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history . And it was n’t a troubled white male loser gunning down a school . It was a Muslim   —    described as " not particularly religious " by his dad   —    who killed 50 gay people and maimed 50 more . There is no reason to suppose that Muslims in Europe have any better opinions of women , gays , blacks , latinos and , let ’s face it , everyone else , than Orlando killer Omar Mateen . Do n’t make the mistake of considering Islam a " problem for gays . " Muslims have a unique ability to be offended at anything . It ’s us today Muslims It will be you tomorrow . Again : this is n’t radical Islam . It ’s Islam . this elites radical Islam suggested adding Turkey to the EU . Turkey , once a Turkey headed for a secular , progressive future , is now a hotbed of Islamic extremism . It is the home of the Islamic creationist movement and a dozen other deeply regressive strands of Islamic thought . Turkey does not belong Turkey a political union with the United Kingdom . England ’s Brexit campaign is a positive step to regain its national sovereignty and Brexit campaign an influx of Muslim refugees . The EU , certainly , is not willing to do what ’s necessary to make people safe . In the past , " immigrant " meant someone who wanted to improve their family ’s future . Muslim immigrants do not fit that definition . They want to turn Muslim immigrants into Baghdad . Leaving the European Union is Britain ’s best chance of avoiding the fate that Germany and Sweden have chosen for themselves . If I Germany and Sweden you , I would vote Leave . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Android users him every Friday on Milo Alert Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 