Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) plans to snub the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) this year , and wo n’t show up at all , Breitbart News has learned exclusively . [ CPAC is hosted by the American Conservative Union ( ACU ) in National Harbor , Maryland , just outside Washington , D. C. In 2016 , the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) will be held right after Super Tuesday from March 2 until March 5 .   That Rubio is skipping the    annual conservative gathering of thousands of activists in a presidential election year is extraordinarily telling about the direction of his Rubio as the entire Washington Washington aligns behind him Rubio a    desperate bid to stop billionaire frontrunner Donald Trump . Both Trump billionaire frontrunner Donald Trump Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) as well as Dr. Ben Carson , have previously confirmed their Both Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) as well as Dr. Ben Carson at CPAC this year —   and each has attended the gathering in the past several years . Rubio did , alongside his Rubio former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , appear at the CPAC The ACU said in a statement provided exclusively to Breitbart News : Although , Marco Rubio has Rubio conservative record and has a high ACU rating , he and his campaign Rubio made Rubio rookie mistake . Today the Rubio campaign informed ACU Rubio chairman that The ACU is unwilling to Today the Rubio campaign time to meet with activists and answer their questions at CPAC 2016 activists Sen. Rubio can not Rubio both ways : he can not hope to Rubio the inspirational leader of conservatives and at the same time hide at the very moments when activists who comprise the heart and soul of the movement assemble and organize . For 43 years CPAC has been that critical moment , and in this year ’s conference will be the biggest yet . Ronald Reagan came to CPAC 13 times he launched his CPAC political career Ronald Reagan CPAC Ronald Reagan our theme this year CPAC from President Reagan this year public address after his 1980 election . That theme is President Reagan’s Our Time is our theme ’s words ring even truer today than President Reagan’s Reagan first said them . If we do President Reagan’s carry the country in 2016 them will be a different nation . But if conservatives are not central to the effort we will fail before we even begin . We also appreciate those we and former candidates we have made CPAC 2016 a priority : Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and Ben Carson , Scott Walker and Carly Fiorina ( our former Foundation Chair . ) They honor we ’s legacy and they honor those candidates and former candidates who have made CPAC 2016 a priority: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson, Scott Walker and Carly Fiorina (our former Foundation Chair thousands of conservative activists who those candidates and former candidates who have made CPAC 2016 a priority: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson, Scott Walker and Carly Fiorina (our former Foundation Chair spend significant resources to travel to CPAC to learn , be inspired , and eventually vote in our straw poll for the person they want to carry the Reagan torch . those candidates and former candidates who have made CPAC 2016 a priority: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson, Scott Walker and Carly Fiorina (our former Foundation Chair , when announcing the Reagan exclusively with Breitbart News that Trump and Cruz —   as well as Carly Fiorina , the former Hewlett Packard CEO who dropped out of the presidential race already —   were going to be speaking at CPAC 2016 , ACU chairman Matt Schlapp noted how important this year is for conservative activists . " This is the year of the conservative grassroots activist , " Schlapp said then . " We need to ACU chairman Matt Schlapp and protect our Constitutional freedoms and put a stop to We ’s liberal    train . Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and Carly Fiorina are each battling to represent conservatives in the nomination contest , and CPAC 2016 will allow activists to hear their vision . " What ’s perhaps most activists for Rubio is that the senator has been pushing a theme as Rubio is the next in line to carry the Rubio of Ronald Reagan ’s legacy . But his decision to abdicate conservatism by skipping this conference Rubio as his record comes under close scrutiny from both Trump Rubio Cruz , from federal immigration law enforcement officers , and from conservatives nationwide who wonder why he made the decision in 2013 to work with Rubio interests in the Democratic Party , including the party ’s liberal    Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) on the " Gang of Eight " immigration bill . Rubio ’s record in favor of Obamatrade —   he was the critical 60th vote to secure passage Rubio’s the Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) that paves the way for easy passage of the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) Pacific rim trade deal —   has also come under scrutiny as the senator and his team repeatedly refuse to provide any full accounting Rubio’s when and if he actually read the text of the deal he Rubio’s to    before he made that vote Rubio’s The group has consistently Rubio’s in or around Washington , D. C. every year for decades —   and the road to the White House for any Republican presidential candidate goes through CPAC . More than 11 , 000 people attended CPAC in 2015 , according to ACU and CPAC CPAC director Ian Walters , but even more CPAC expected to attend in 2016 . Rubio ’s decision to let down more than 10 , 000 of the party ’s hardest core conservative activists at a time when he needs them most is n’t likely to play Rubio’s , the party again the bigger thing is CPAC ’s focus on its roots of electing Reagan CPAC the White House CPAC year —   and Rubio ’s decision to abandon Reagan ’s legacy in Rubio’s while in campaign speeches Reagan to capture that same legacy that he ’s snubbing . The theme of CPAC this year is based upon President Ronald Reagan ’s 1981 this year : " Our Time Is Now . " " CPAC time is now . Our moment has arrived , " Our Reagan told the conservative Our in 1981 . " We stand together shoulder to shoulder in the thickest of the Our . " " Reagan ’s sentiment reflects the urgency for grassroots activists to come President Reagan again to work toward enacting conservative ,    solutions to today ’s problems , all of which have been aggravated by Obama ’s policies , " a CPAC release previously provided to Breitbart News reads . " This year ’s theme builds upon last CPAC ’s theme , ‘ Conservative Action Starts Here,’ by urging the CPAC we trained and activated at CPAC to help restore the ideas and ideals of our nation ’s CPAC . " Last year , Rubio praised the importance of the conservatives at CPAC . " I ’m happy to be back at CPAC for CPAC fifth time —   the first time was back CPAC 2010 when I was 50 points down in the polls and the only people who thought I could win my Senate race all lived in my home , " Rubio said to open his speech in 2015 . " Four of Rubio were under the Rubio of eight at the time . But the only people who thought I could win my Senate race all ’m glad to be back with you on the eve of the ’m important election in my lifetime . November of 2016 is not going to be a choice about who the next president is alone the question before us in November 2016 is what kind of country are we going to be ? " Rubio ’s decision to abandon the us CPAC comes as , in his recent concession speech to Donald Trump after Trump ’s     victory Rubio him , Rubio attempted to claim Reagan Donald Trump mantle . Rubio said Rubio his Rubio speech : Tonight here in South Carolina Rubio the message Rubio pretty clear . This country is now ready for a new generation of conservatives to South Carolina into the 21st century .    …      36 years ago , this nation faced a period of doubt . After a failed presidency , South Carolina like America was in decline . Our economy was stagnant , and South Carolina American Dream South Carolina like it was slipping South Carolina . And then we elected a president that inspired us Our economy a president who asked us to South Carolina who we were , and who believed , as we do us that America ’s us days always lie ahead . Ronald Reagan us us believe that South Carolina morning in America again , and it was . Well us now the children of the Reagan South Carolina are ready to assume the mantle of leadership . Now , those of us who grew up when it was morning in America , and Ronald Reagan was in the White House Ronald Reagan ready to do for South Carolina generation the White House are ready to do for the next generation what Ronald Reagan did for ours . What ’s Ronald Reagan this comes as questions begin emerging about whether Rubio can even win anywhere our the United States in the GOP nominating contests , even with the entire GOP establishment behind him . The Washington Post Rubio Monday detailed how Rubio does n’t really have much of GOP pathway to victory Rubio any of the remaining 47 states that have yet to vote , after Rubio suffered stinging losses in Rubio ’s caucuses and in the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries . " We have not set our March schedule yet , " Alex Conant , Rubio South Carolina director , replied when asked why Rubio is We CPAC . 
 Rubio Rubio 