While    during Monday night ’s    first presidential debate , outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore contended that Republican Donald Trump " won " the contest over outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton . [ The     Where to Invade Next director went after Republican Donald Trump in Twitter posts all night , however , toward the end of the debate , outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore conceded that even though Hillary Clinton " told the truth " during the showdown , Republican Donald Trump won the overall battle .   even though Clinton "told the truth" during the showdown, Trump won the overall battle ’s over . Republican Donald Trump , the egoist , the racist , the narcissist , the liar , " won . " We all lost . outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore numbers will go up . outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore told the truth . So what .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Of course , outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore was highly critical of Republican Donald Trump early on in the proceedings : Republican Donald Trump is wondering why there ’s a woman on Republican Donald Trump stage .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Republican Donald Trump keeps sniffling . Is Republican Donald Trump   …      SICK ? ! Or is Republican Donald Trump sad about something ?   — —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) 27 , 2016 ,   # debatenight . Ok , the XY creature is going to continue to interrupt her and slam her . Clinton has the XY creature crush this the XY creature or   …       —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Wow . The racist candidate brings up her saying " superpredator . " That the XY creature some very white balls . # debatenight ,   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 27 , 2016 ,   Later on , Moore predicted that Trump would continue to —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) well with his campaign because his base is " —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) and energized —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) " while Clinton ’s supporters are largely apathetic . If u just turn off the TV right now and do nothing , you ’ve just elected Donald Trump . Do something ! Plan Trump ’re going to do tomorrow .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 27 , 2016 ,   If u just turn off the TV right now and do nothing , the TV just elected Donald Trump . Do something ! Plan what Trump going to do tomorrow .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) tomorrow 27 , —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) that Trump will win the election in November . " Trump of —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) things I ’ve been concerned about this week is that we ’re all sitting    …      in our bubble , having a good laugh at this total sh*t show , " Moore told we ’s Real Time host Bill Maher in July , shortly after Trump accepted —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) Republican nomination at the part ’s National Convention in Cleveland . " But the truth is , I ’m sorry to have to be the buzzkill here so early on , but I think Trump is going to win , " he added . Moore is , of course , Trump fan of Trump . The filmmaker Trump an outspoken —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) of insurgent Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders in the Trump ’s —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) and previously called Clinton " Wall Street ’s paid candidate " during the Democratic debate in March . In July , Moore criticized Clinton ’s selection of Virginia senator Tim Kaine as her    running mate , warning —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) progressive Clinton would " stay home " in November . Virginia senator Tim Kaine It ’s not Trump who ’ll beat u. It ’s the people who are going to stay home , " Moore wrote on Twitter . It of politics , Moore appears to have been correct about a —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) he made all the way back in December —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) —    that Trump would " absolutely " —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) the Republican nominee for president . " I think people are Trump more and more that we ’ve moved back into a darker time , " Moore told Business Insider that month . " Donald Trump is absolutely going to be the Republican —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) for president of the United States . Trump going from being a joke to being a serious reality . " Moore was far from the only celebrity to have    Monday night ’s showdown . View a —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) of celebrity reaction from Debate Night here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 