  ( CNN ) Love letters dedicated to immigrants took over social media this Valentine ’s Day . The # ToImmigrantsWithLove letter writing campaign is a joint project of the nonprofit organization Define American and the I Am An Immigrant movement . According to the site made for campaign , it campaign created for immigrants and allies to " publicly acknowledge that we are standing with immigrants no matter what . " This campaign just days after the Immigration and Customs Enforcement department ’s first concerted effort to arrest undocumented immigrants during the Trump administration . ICE enforcement actions were seen across the nation this past week in cities such as Austin , Texas , and Los Angeles .   Despite the ICE action , people continue to show support for immigrants across social media . One such supporter is Rep. Linda Sanchez ,   . Sanchez shared her love letter on Instagram on Tuesday . " Immigrants like my mom and dad are what make this country great again , " Sanchez wrote Sanchez While some messages are personal , others take a broader approach , addressing all immigrants in the United States . A letter tweeted by Democratic Nevada Sen. Cortez Masto said , " Dear immigrants all immigrants in the United States are welcome here . " Participants have shown their support by Participants the hashtag or by uploading a love letter video to the site . As of Tuesday afternoon , the campaign had sparked more than 12 , 000 tweets , with politicians , celebrities and regular folks voicing their support . the campaign Ananya Munjal , a daughter of two immigrants , the campaign is the campaign Both her parents moved from their native India to her parents United States in 1997 .   " Coming to America was my dad the United States biggest dream , " said Munjal . She used the campaign her tweet a tribute to her parents , who her celebrating their 21st Valentine ’s Day together . " I was hoping to honor two wonderful people who have worked hard and given back to the community that has given so much to them , " said their . 
 Munjal 