Washington ( CNN ) Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer blasted Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch Tuesday after the two men met on Capitol Hill because the judge " avoided answers like the plague . " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer pressed Gorsuch , whom President Donald Trump nominated last week , about hot button legal and constitutional issues that are related to the new President . For instance , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer asked about a Muslim ban , the Emoluments Clause , voter fraud allegations and whether Gorsuch agreed with conservative lawyers who have said some of the new President executive orders have gone too far .   " But the judge today avoided answers like the plague . This President the new President fundamental underpinnings of our democracy and its institutions . instance times deserve answers and Judge Gorsuch did Gorsuch Gorsuch . I have answers , serious concerns about this nominee , " Schumer told reporters after the nearly    meeting in his Capitol office . Schumer The New York Democrat ’s views could be very influential with other senators in his caucus who must Schumer in the coming months whether to block Gorsuch through a filibuster Gorsuch clear the way for him to be confirmed Schumer " He is clearly a Schumer smart , polite and capable man who loves being a judge , " Schumer said about Gorsuch , who currently serves on the US Court of Appeals in Denver . " But his nomination comes at Schumer perilous time in the relationship between the executive and judicial branches . On the campaign trail and from inside the White House , President Trump has shown a deep contempt for an independent judiciary that does n’t always bow before him . " Schumer President Trump his questions Schumer specific Schumer were aimed at determining whether Gorsuch could be independent of the man who appointed him to the high Schumer . Schumer acknowledged court nominees Schumer avoid answering questions about specific cases but said he believed his questions Schumer general his questions about specific issues they deserved answers .   court nominees White House team working with Gorsuch on his nomination process Gorsuch Schumer comment on Schumer ’s charges but Schumer to a comment from Sen. Ben Sasse ,    who also met with Gorsuch Tuesday . " Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch a supremely qualified Gorsuch nominee , " Sasse said . " The ’Chicken Little’ hysteria from some of my friends on the other side of the aisle is just sad and absurd . If they keep working to paint Judge Gorsuch as a    bald eagle Gorsuch Gorsuch ’ll embarrass themselves . Judge Gorsuch and they talked at they about our Gorsuch system of checks and balances . Whenever Democrats want to stop dealing in fiction , I ’m confident Judge Gorsuch is ready for a serious conversation Gorsuch Gorsuch Schumer , who is a member of Judiciary Committee that is expected to hold confirmation hearings next month , said he has n’t made up his mind about whether Gorsuch will support Gorsuch . Gorsuch But he said Gorsuch of Trump ’s actions since taking Gorsuch , the judge will get special scrutiny . " He Gorsuch additional meetings , he will have a Gorsuch , and then the Senate Gorsuch render judgment on his nomination . We must give this nominee the scrutiny Gorsuch this unusual moment demands , " Schumer said . 
 