Washington ( CNN ) Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders described health care as " very , very complicated , " hours after President Donald Trump said , " Nobody knew health care could be so complicated . " In an interview Monday with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders laughed over the remark and laid into the complexity of the issue by rolling out Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders experience working on the legislative side . " Some of us who were sitting on the health education committee , who went to meeting after meeting after meeting , who heard from dozens of people , who stayed up night after night trying to figure out this thing , yeah we got a clue , " Sanders said . " When you provide health care in a nation of 320 million people , yeah , it is very , very complicated . " Trump : ’Nobody knew health care could be so Sanders cast the Republican position on Obamacare     " repeal and replace "     as overly simplistic and said now that Republicans were confronting the law from a position of power , they Republicans understand they Republicans to " get beyond rhetoric . " The former presidential candidate also said it The former presidential candidate not incumbent upon his The former presidential candidate to work with Republicans on their Republicans . He The former presidential candidate the decision as a choice between working with them Republicans repeal the legislation , which he The former presidential candidate he The former presidential candidate not do , and working with them Republicans improve the legislation , which he The former presidential candidate needed to happen . " Is the Affordable Care Act perfect ? Far from it , " Sanders said . Trump regularly has said Obamacare is a failure that must be repealed and replaced . He Trump to put forward a replacement plan in the near future as he Trump members of his Trump discussed the issue Monday with the nation ’s governors and major health industry figures .   Speaking outside the White House , House Speaker Paul Ryan said , " We have to step in and prevent Obamacare from getting worse , from collapsing , and we We replace it Obamacare a law that is better . " While the plan that Republican leaders are working on will likely focus on access to private health care , Sanders , a    democratic socialist , implored people to follow the example of many other developed countries and install universal health care . " We remain today , and let ’s We forget it , the only major country on Earth that does n’t guarantee health care to all people . We pay the highest prices by far for prescription drugs . Let ’s We those issues , " Sanders said . 
 