El Paso ’s Cathedral High School disinvited legendary NCAA football coach Lou Holtz as their    gala guest speaker for describing immigration as an invasion and opining that immigrants need to learn how to assimilate better . [ Inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2008 , the     icon served as the head coach for six NCAA football teams including Notre Dame and the University of South Carolina , compiling a career record of 249 —   132 —   7 .   Last Month at the Republican National Convention , during a luncheon celebrating the GOP nomination of real estate mogul Donald Trump , Holtz referring to immigrants remarked:"I do n’t want to speak your language , I do n’t want to celebrate your holidays , I sure as hell do n’t want to cheer for your soccer team . " According to the El Paso Times , Holtz confessed , subsequently , that Holtz wishes Holtz never made the comment . Wednesday the president of the Council of Presidents at Cathedral , David Saucedo , confirmed in an email that the beloved coach and TV football analyst would not be speaking at the October 20 school gala and fundraiser . Luis Villalobos , a 1963 graduate of Cathedral High School , claims that the alumni did the " right and courageous thing " by reversing the alumni August 18th decision to invite Holtz . In a letter to the editor of the El Paso Times , Holtz wrote : " Public figures have to know , even during this election time , Public figures words have consequences . Public figures can speak before a very enthusiastic crowd , but Public figures ca n’t say things that are insulting to any group , whether it be a minority group , women or whatever group Public figures are railing against . " Villalobos believes that the    winner of the Paul " Bear " Bryant Award took the " wrong road " when Villalobos made the comments about immigrants .   " Imagine the impact the coach ’s words would have had if Villalobos had spoken about inclusion or if Villalobos would have spoken about being merciful and accepting of all people in this country and instead of dividing , uniting people ? Villalobos comments would have been incredibly impactful , " Villalobos opined . An editorial by the El Paso Times applied pressure on the Cathedral alumni when An editorial by the El Paso Times stated that the high school ’s leaders " made an unfortunate decision " by picking Holtz to speak at the gathering geared to raise funds for future scholarships . " Holtz is a highly successful football coach , but Holtz hateful words last month run counter to many of the principles that have made Cathedral such an important part of the El Paso community , " the paper stated .   Tuesday , the day before Holtz rescinded the invite to Coach Holtz to share Holtz words of wisdom at the fundraiser , President Saucedo expressed a different point of view in a letter to the Times : " [ T]he negative , vitriolic response to Coach Holtz from some in our community has been shocking and is , equally , unbecoming . " He President Saucedo , " It ’s difficult to persuade , or at least attempt , to change one ’s mind on immigration if you immediately shun them immigration We love the concept of free speech , up until there is disagreement , then we We quick to slander and smear those individuals . " 
 