Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert will vote for Donald Trump after strongly supporting Sen. Ted Cruz for President of the United States . [ On Friday ’s edition of Varney   Company on the Fox Business Channel , Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert said that Donald Trump could be a great president when it comes to foreign policy .   Varney   asked Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert if he would Varney   support Donald Trump . Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert replied , " I guess we need to define what support is .    …      Support means that I am willing to go on the stump . I am willing to go across the country and speak for you , stand up for you , you you . " " That ’s a whole lot different than going into the voting booth and voting for the better of the two choices , " he added . " Some elections we ’ve had the lesser of two evils . I will always set aside everything personal and vote for the better candidate , and in this case , between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , it is Donald Trump Donald Trump The Texas representative went on to say that some of the best U. S. presidents as it relates to foreign affairs and " keeping the world safe " have been those who " have been projected as being a little bit crazy . " " You could n’t figure on what they ’ll do . They might actually they the button [ on nuclear weapons ] you could n’t trust them . [ they President Ronald ] Reagan , you know , you look back at Roosevelt , I ’m talking [ former President ] Teddy Roosevelt . " He then referred [former President] Teddy Roosevelt. " " those who were projected as being cool and calm , " saying , " You know , they would n’t those who were projected as being cool and calm anything overreacting . [ Former President John F. ] Kennedy , it took him three years Former President John F.] Kennedy show that he could stand Former President John F.] Kennedy and have a backbone , and the world got to the brink of nuclear disaster because of it . " the brink of nuclear disaster Actually , Stuart , that ’s one of the things in Trump ’s favor on foreign matters —   is the world is the world about him , " Former President John F.] Kennedy Gohmert . Gohmert appeared on Varney Gohmert program two weeks ago asking for an apology from Trump for comments made Trump Sen. Ted Cruz . While campaigning , Trump labeled Cruz " Trump Ted Sen. Ted Cruz " Gohmert said he would Gohmert on Gohmert with Trump if he apologized Trump " Gohmert the most honorable guy in the race of all kinds of dishonesty . " As Gohmert pointed out in Gohmert more recent interview , he fought in the Gohmert of Congress with Cruz . Gohmert strongly Sen. Ted Cruz and Gohmert for Cruz during the Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ’s campaign for president .   Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 