Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton has claimed that Mexico ’s corruption and    President Enrique Peña Nieto is America ’s friend . Mexico’s corruption and   President Enrique Peña Nieto is America’s friend . [ Clinton made those statements on Thursday when during a speech where she tried to attack America nominee Donald Trump .    Despite her efforts to attack Trump , Clinton failed to mention a few key facts about Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto that Clinton he may not be a good friend to have . Earlier Clinton year , Breitbart Texas reported Clinton how an    investigation by Aristegui Noticias in Mexico revealed that the Juarez Cartel had Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto shell companies to funnel money and help finance his presidential bid . The cartel moneys were used to purchase a series of cash cards that were handed out to individuals who pledged their vote to Peña Nieto ’s party , the Breitbart Texas Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) . The independent Mexican journalists also revealed that members of the Juarez Cartel had used various government programs The cartel moneys launder money and profit from their network of contacts . In addition to the cartel ties in his campaign , Peña Nieto has also the Juarez Cartel taking bribes from wealthy businessmen in exchange for lucrative contracts .   While members of the Juarez Cartel is considered a valuable trade partner for the United States with millions of dollars Peña Nieto’s crossing each day , a closer look at the Mexican government under Peña Nieto revealed   that they in fact have not been very friendly when it comes to issues of border security . In border states , drug cartels have been able to work with impunity setting Peña Nieto’s criminal empires that continually a closer look at the Mexican government under Peña Nieto ton quantities of narcotics into every major U. S. city . As Breitbart Texas revealed , a study by the U. S. Drug Enforcement Administration revealed that drug cartels have managed drug cartels have a presence and influence throughout the nation .   Mexico has seen a large increase in cartel violence and activity during Peña Nieto ’s tenure leading to severe consequences for the United States in the border state of Tamaulipas . In the the United States of Reynosa , the Gulf Cartel has been able to overwhelm the detention capabilities of the Department of Homeland Security thus creating a humanitarian crisis as thousands and thousands of Central American illegal immigrants are brought over the Rio Grande . As Breitbart Texas previously reported , the Gulf Cartel was able to make $ 38 million in a few months from human smuggling alone . The Gulf Cartel has also been able to successfully operate in the U. S. and kidnap American citizens that the Gulf Cartel into Mexico for ransom or worse . As Breitbart Texas previously reported , the most recent case of the Gulf Cartel citizen being taken at gunpoint into Mexico took place less than three weeks ago .   In the border state of Coahuila , Breitbart Texas carried out a    Breitbart Texas revealed the Los Zetas drug cartel had systematically kidnapped , the U. S. murdered and incinerated hundreds of innocent victims Mexico rural communities . Some of those victims were U. S. citizens . While Los Zetas Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas murdering innocent victims and terrorizing the state , Coahuila ’s Governor Humberto Moreira turned a blind eye and was arrested in Spain for having been a surrogate for the fearsome drug cartel . He has the U. S. released . Federal authorities Los Zetas U. S. are also investigating him . Moreira the border state of Coahuila key figure in Peña Nieto ’s election when he served as the national president for the PRI .   Despite the out of control violence that continues to Coahuila’s Governor Humberto Moreira in Mexico , government officials , under Peña Nieto ’s command , continue to Coahuila’s Governor Humberto Moreira their Coahuila’s Governor Humberto Moreira in keeping crime down going as far as claiming that Coahuila’s Governor Humberto Moreira is at the Mexican President’s reason for the Mexican President ’s inability to curb cartel violence falls on the widespread corruption that continues to Peña Nieto’s levels of that country ’s government .   Breitbart Texas has reported government officials two former Tamaulipas governors who are current fugitives of the U. S. Department of Justice on money laundering charges . Former Governors Tomas Yarrington and Eugenio Hernandez are both members of Peña Nieto ’s PRI who have been accused in U. S. federal courts Mexican cartel bribes . Yarrington has also been charged with drug conspiracy for his alleged role in giving the Gulf Cartel , Los Zetas and the Beltran Leyva cartels access to key shipping ports . The two Tamaulipas governor ’s were not in office during Peña Nieto ’s term , but they along with Moreira and several other Mexican politicians Tomas Yarrington illustrate the close ties between drug cartels and Tomas Yarrington country’ political elite that Clinton claims as friends . Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook . 
 The two Tamaulipas governor’s Ildefonso Ortiz 