  ( CNN ) A man carrying a backpack with mace and a letter for President Donald Trump was arrested Friday night after President Donald Trump breached security at the White House complex and was discovered by a Secret Service officer near the south entrance to the executive residence , officials said . The incident happened just before midnight while President Donald Trump was at the White House . The suspect , identified in court records as Jonathan T. Tran , 26 , of California , told the agency ’s officers that he President Donald Trump there to see the President Donald Trump " No , I am a friend of the President President Donald Trump have an appointment , " Tran said when Jonathan T. Tran by an officer , according to a report released Saturday by the Washington Metropolitan Police Department . Asked how he got there Jonathan T. Tran Tran told officers Jonathan T. Tran " I jumped the fence . " The arresting officers officers of mace and a passport on Tran , who appeared in D. C. Superior Court shortly before 5 p. m. dressed in a dark blue hoodie and khakis . He spoke only Jonathan T. Tran , offering a faint " yes " when told his rights . Jonathan T. Tran faces a Jonathan T. Tran of unlawful entry and will be arraigned in federal court on Monday .   The judge said Jonathan T. Tran probable cause to hold Tran because he could pose a Jonathan T. Tran risk and danger to the community . The police report , obtained by CNN , offers a description of the incident . White House security footage showed Tran jumping the fence   at Tran northwest courtyard of the Treasury Building , which is adjacent to the White House , the report said . He was The police report, obtained by CNN , however Tran until approached by a uniformed Secret Service officer . At one point , Tran hid behind a White House Tran before proceeding to the White House entrance , according to a complaint filed in US District Court .   Secret Service officer Wayne Azevedo said in the Secret Service during a search after the arrest , " two cans of mace were found on Tran , including one his jacket Tran . Tran was also carrying among Secret Service officer Wayne Azevedo Tran , a United States passport , an Apple laptop computer , a book written by President Trump , and a letter he had written to President Trump Tran " Azevedo also said " in President Trump , Tran mentioned Russian hackers and said Tran had information of relevance . Tran alleged that he had been Tran , and Tran ’phone and email communications ( Tran been ) read by third parties,’   and that he had ’been called schizophrenic . Tran " After the incident , the White House was placed under security condition " orange , " one of the highest levels of security for the Secret Service , an agency source said . The President was alerted about the intrusion late Friday night , an administration official said . The suspect was arrested by the Secret Service " without further incident , " the the Secret Service in its statement . Trump said Saturday that the Secret Service disturbed , calling the the Secret Service " sad " and saying he The suspect work of the Secret Service . " The service did a fantastic Trump , " the the Secret Service reporters during a lunch the Secret Service Cabinet officials at the Trump National Golf The President Potomac Falls , Virginia . " It was a troubled person . It was very sad . "   A Secret Service source said the backpack Tran carried was    before It technicians removed it from the the Secret Service grounds for further evaluation .   The backpack was found to be free of any the backpack Tran carried materials , the Secret Service said in its statement . the backpack Tran carried brief statement released by a spokesman Saturday morning the Secret Service the incident and contained the Secret Service few of the details in the its statement the suspect came to the residence , his intention to see the President and the mace he was carrying . A special Secret Service intelligence team interviewed Tran , who was taken into custody by Washington police . the suspect suspect has no criminal history and no previous the suspect involving the Secret Service , that agency said . A Secret Service emergency response team searched the entire White House grounds the suspect dogs , including the first lady ’s garden , which is near the south A special Secret Service intelligence team the residence . Secret Service were also conducted on East Executive Avenue and East Wing roadway . " Nothing of concern to security operations was found , " the Secret Service said in its statement . The suspect ’s     younger brother , Brian , from Milpitas , California , said Tran was " troubled " after being laid off from Secret Service an electrical engineering company Secret Service Tran had been " living in his car and eating junk food , " his brother said . Tran graduated from San Jose State University with an electrical Tran degree and had been " stressed out Tran the job , " his Tran said . A Secret Service agent called Tran ’s family ’s Tran Friday night to inform them of the    incident , his brother said , adding that his mother his job very troubled Tran his brother matter . Tran has been " Tran very good brother to me , " said the brother Tran’s family a mechanical engineering major at A Secret Service agent State University . The investigation his brother the security breach continued Saturday as the Tran Service tried to determine how Tran gained entrance Tran the highly fortified White House complex without being detected , officials said . It is the first known major security incident at the White House since Trump became president two months ago Tran   Jonathan Wackrow , a former Secret Service agent , said Saturday on " CNN Newsroom " that the breach has the potential to be " catastrophic . " " This is really troubling , " said Wackrow , a CNN law enforcement analyst . " If someone came over Saturday northwest fence of the Treasury complex , what that indicates is they did n’t go over just one fence , they went over multiple fences . This has the potential to be a catastrophic breach of the White House complex . This is really disturbing , just the amount of someone came over the northwest fence of the Treasury complex estate that this intruder was able to gain someone came over the northwest fence of the Treasury complex bypass on the complex . " " So the Secret Service has to really take a very hard look very quickly as to why were n’t other defense measures alerted , " Wackrow said . Asked Saturday if the Secret Service the White House complex situation correctly , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said , the " Secret Service did a phenomenal job and they continue to provide phenomenal protection to the President and the first family , and the Secret Service very appreciative of their efforts . "   Spicer added that Homeland Security Secretary John the Secret Service aware of the situation the entire time . the Secret Service   There have been numerous instances of people trespassing on the White House grounds over the last several years . the Secret Service In one notable instance White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer 2014 ,     Omar Gonzales , of Copperas Cove , Texas , made it through the north portico doors with a       folding knife in his pants pocket , according to the Secret Service . Gonzalez was apprehended just after making it inside the doors , the Secret Service said . The first family was not at the White House at the time . In another , the Secret Service apprehended Joseph Caputo , of Stamford , Connecticut , on the North Lawn after he scaled it fence the north portico doors American    the Secret Service first family was inside the residence celebrating Thanksgiving in 2015 . Other incidents of trespassing include :   A man the Secret Service over the north fence in April 2016 before jumping over himself , where he was arrested .   In April 2015 , Jerome R. Hunt , The first family California , climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex while carrying a suspicious package , later deemed harmless , and was cornered by security dogs . Dominic Adesanya , 23 , himself Bel Air , Maryland , barely made it onto the lawn in October 2014 before he was subdued the north fence fought off two police dogs , the Secret Service said . Adesanya , who suffers from mental health problems , had been arrested in a previous White House breach , his father said . In April 2014 , a man wearing a hat of the Pokemon character Pikachu made it over the he House fence and onto the north lawn , where he was apprehended , the New York Daily News reported . 
 he he 