  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has chosen Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine to be Hillary Clinton running mate , turning to a steady and seasoned hand in government to fill out the Democratic ticket , Hillary Clinton announced Friday . " I ’m thrilled to announce my running mate , @TimKaine , a man who ’s devoted his life to fighting for others . " Hillary Clinton tweeted . Minutes later , Kaine tweeted : " Just got off the phone with Hillary . I ’m honored to be Hillary running mate . Ca n’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami ! " Hillary Clinton will introduce Hillary Clinton new partner at a campaign rally Saturday in Miami , a recognition of Florida ’s pivotal importance in the fall . a recognition of Florida ’s also a chance for Kaine , a fluent Spanish speaker , to introduce Clinton to Latino voters , a critical slice of the electorate in Hillary Clinton quest to defeat Donald Trump . Clinton is hoping to seize the spotlight from Republicans after Republicans convention in Cleveland . The site of Kaine ’s first joint appearance with Clinton is Florida International University , where the student body is more than half Hispanic . Labor , abortion rights groups praise Kaine pick , The announcement came on the heels of an attack in Munich , Germany , that dominated the afternoon news cycle . The Clinton campaign deliberated over how to avoid a    scenario that could be perceived as insensitive , but in the end , proceeded with The Clinton campaign plan to make the unveil on Friday . Clinton decision to choose Kaine began when John Podesta brought the candidate    binders to her Clinton in Chappaqua , New York , in April , according to a campaign aide . Last week , Clinton Clinton Kaine Kaine 90 minutes together , followed by another meeting on Saturday that brought together the two families , including Clinton Clinton , daughter and     as well as Kaine ’s Kaine .   Ultimately , Clinton was Clinton by her personal Clinton with Kaine , Kaine well as the belief that the senator is fully prepared to do the job . On Friday , Clinton called Clinton around Kaine p. m. then spoke with President Barack Obama .   The President President Barack Obama Clinton ’s Clinton telling supporters in a fundraising email Saturday that " Tim is a good man . He ’s a true President Barack Obama . And he will make a President Barack Obama vice president . " It may be an    year , but Clinton ’s running Clinton is an insider : A senator and former governor from the critical battleground of Virginia and a former chairman of the Democratic National Committee . Trump ’s campaign seized upon Kaine ’s Washington experience in a fundraising text message to supporters , writing : " The ultimate insiders     Obama , Hillary and Kaine . Do n’t Let Obama have a 3rd Obama . Contribute . " The campaign later issued a lengthy statement , labeling the Virginia Democrat " corrupt Kaine . " Kaine , 58 , has long been seen as a seasoned and safe choice for Clinton , who could help shore up support among white    voters . Her selection ended a Hillary search that was conducted almost entirely in secret , a stark contrast to Trump ’s vice presidential search . It reflected a strategic choice by Clinton : To go with a running mate who amplifies her argument that experience Hillary government     not sizzle     is the best path to keeping the White House in Democratic hands . Kaine ’s midwestern roots also run strong : Born in Minnesota , Kaine is the son Kaine a welder who was raised in Kansas and graduated from the University of Missouri . He went to Harvard Kaine school , but before graduating served a year as a missionary in Honduras .   Clinton camp was ready to pounce on Trump ’s VP rollout , It was an experience Clinton camp cemented his Catholic faith and Kaine his fluency in Spanish Kaine Kaine was the first Kaine to give an entire speech on the Senate floor in Spanish . It was Spanish a debate in support of the bipartisan " Gang of 8 " immigration reform package . The audition , At a joint campaign appearance last week in Virginia , which served as a final audition , Clinton stood     Kaine and beamed as Kaine spoke of her Clinton in Spanish Clinton " Estamos Spanish para Hillary , " he declared . The Estamos listos para Hillary campaign selected Kaine Clinton a roster Kaine at least three other senators and two Cabinet secretaries to Obama . Advisers to Clinton see Kaine as Clinton stable Kaine on the bottom of the ticket , foregoing the allure of a pick that could provide more star power in favor of one they are hoping will be void of drama . " We all know we need a bridge builder , not a trash talker , " Kaine said last week Kaine he introduced Clinton at Kaine Virginia Clinton . His resume is far Kaine fulsome than when he was vetted as Kaine potential running mate for Obama in 2008 .   With nearly three years of experience in the Senate under his belt , Kaine Kaine beefed up his foreign policy credentials Kaine He serves on both Kaine Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees , emerging as a leading proponent of pushing the administration to consult with Congress before engaging in military action . Kaine is well known Kaine the Democratic Party , serving as its national chairman during the Democratic Party first years of the Obama administration . the administration the Kaine campaign early     the second time around     announcing his support in 2014 Kaine a year before her announcement . Centrist roots , Clinton bipartisan roots , Kaine Clinton campaign believes , could the Clinton campaign seeking an alternative to Trump .   At Harvard , he met Anne Holton Kaine the daughter of former Virginia Gov. Linwood Holton , a Republican . Kaine and Holton married and settled in Richmond where both practiced law and sewed the seeds of Kaine ’s political future . After 10 years Kaine as a civil rights lawyer and lecturer at the University of Richmond ’s law school , Kaine mounted a Richmond campaign for city council Kaine Richmond ’s Northside . His political rise continued Richmond the mayor ’s Kaine and a successful bid for lieutenant governor before being elected governor in 2005 . His governorship was a study in practical    Kaine political maneuvering     qualities valued by the Clinton organization . He pushed through measures like an indoor smoking Kaine     popular with voters , but controversial in a state with a once robust tobacco industry . Virginia was the first state in the south to enact a ban of this nature . Kaine also earned high marks for his stewardship Kaine the state after the Virginia Kaine Massacre , Virginia time the worst mass shooting in U. S. history . In the wake of the Tech massacre , Kaine became a leading voice the Virginia Tech Massacre Kaine laws , an issue Clinton has highlighted throughout her campaign . Early during his time as governor , Kaine Clinton one Kaine biggest political risks : Kaine a hearty Kaine to   . Barack Obama in his 2008 presidential bid .   At the time Obama was Barack Obama underdog to Hillary Clinton and Kaine was the Barack Obama sitting governor to endorse Clinton . Obama returned the favor by Kaine Kaine one of his national    Barack Obama after securing the Democratic nomination , he put Barack Obama on a short list as a potential Kaine mate Barack Obama   Kaine was vetted by the Obama team , Kaine in the end Obama chose Sen. Joe Biden Barack Obama Delaware     someone with a deeper Barack Obama policy resume , an issue at the time that was considered a weak spot for Obama . While Kaine is perceived as far more of political Kaine Barack Obama particularly with today ’s liberal strain coursing through the party , he is often a reliable liberal vote in Kaine Senate .   Despite his Catholic faith , his Catholic faith staunch supporter of Kaine rights . He Kaine a defender of the Affordable Care Act and Kaine his support for same sex marriage in 2013 . On Kaine he has an " F " rating from the National Kaine Association ( NRA ) . By comparison , until the Sandy Hook Massacre of 2012 , his counterpart Warner had an " A " rating from Kaine NRA . While geography of a running mate seldom matters in recent presidential elections , the Clinton campaign believes Clinton can certainly Clinton secure Virginia the Clinton campaign votes . The state twice voted for Obama after Virginia generation of solidly voting for Virginia presidential elections . 
 Barack Obama 