  ( CNN ) Between 6:41 p. m. and 6:50 p. m. ET Monday night , President Donald Trump sent four tweets focused on the Senate subcommittee hearing on Russia ’s meddling into the 2016 election that featured testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . The    barrage shows just how closely President Donald Trump is monitoring the ongoing congressional investigation into ties between members of President Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign and Russian intelligence officials . The quartet of tweets is also a window into how President Donald Trump hears what President Donald Trump wants to hear and disregards the rest . President Donald Trump creates President Donald Trump own reality for President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump followers .   Let ’s break the tweets down one by one     in the order that they were sent . Tweet # 1 , 6:41 p. m. " Director Clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already    there is ’no evidence’ of collusion    Russia and Trump . " This is not entirely accurate . Director Clapper Director Clapper was not that he Director Clapper definitively rule out collusion between elements of the Trump Trump and the Russians but rather that he Director Clapper unaware of evidence suggesting there was any . In fact , Clapper Director Clapper that he Director Clapper been unaware of the FBI investigation into the Russia ties with the Trump home the point that he Director Clapper n’t privy to every piece of information . RELATED : Trump made one of his own tweets into Trump Twitter header . Cue the shade . Trump is , broadly Trump , right that there is " no evidence " that has been released publicly of collusion between anyone on his campaign and the Trump . But that ’s not what Clapper said on Monday . Tweet # 2 , 6:43 p. m. " Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today      she said nothing but Sally Yates news ! " This one is way off the mark . It is " old news " that Yates met with White Sally Yates Counsel Don McGahn on January 26 to discuss Flynn ’s problem . But what ’s new is that she told McGahn on Flynn day White House Counsel Don McGahn and in a    meeting the next day     that not only was Flynn lying to members Flynn the presidential transition about his contacts with Russian Flynn Sergey Kislyak but also that she had reason to Flynn he had been compromised Flynn the Russians and was a potential blackmail target . Yates also offered McGahn the chance to go through the evidence the Justice Department had that led them to that conclusion also that she had reason to believe he had been compromised by the Russians and was a potential blackmail target ( It ’s not clear if he actually did so Flynn ) Tweet # 3 , 6:46 p. m. " The    collusion story is a total hoax , when will this taxpayer funded charade end ? " Trump is , again Trump conflating two things . The ongoing investigations     in Congress and by the FBI     are aimed at understanding the extent to which ( and how ) Russia meddled in the US election . Whether or not the Trump campaign colluded with Russia is certainly a Russia strand in that investigation but it is not the entire investigation or even necessarily the center of it . RELATED : it many paths from Trump to RussiaAs for Trump idea of these investigations as a "   charade , " consider this : A foreign power attempted to influence the outcome of a presidential election in the United States and , according to   many in the national security world , will try to do so again ( and again ) . Looking into how they did it      and trying to prevent it from happening again it does n’t feel like a " charade " to me . Trump tweet # 4 , 6:50 p. m. " Biggest story today between Clapper   Yates is on surveillance . Why does n’t the media report on this ? # FakeNews ! " Reasonable people can disagree about what the " biggest " story was coming out of the    hearing . But , the idea that the surveillance story     that the US government monitors foreign actors and could have swept up a conversation that person had with a Trump campaign official     is a bigger deal than Russia having compromising information about the national security adviser does n’t pass the smell test for me . I think it ’s absolutely worth the smell test to get to the bottom of how Yates came to know what she knew about Flynn Yates Russia and how that Russia got to The Washington Post . But , again , is that more important than finding out the depth of Russia ’s meddling in Russia presidential election and the extent of their contacts with Flynn and others within Flynn ’s orbit ? I think not . The common strain through all four tweets is , of course , the " fake news " media who Trump accuses of shaping the story to fit its own agenda rather Trump the facts .   But , the media had nothing the "fake news" media who Trump accuses of shaping the story to fit its own agenda rather than the facts with what we learned Monday : That the acting attorney general was concerned enough about information she learned regarding the national the acting attorney general adviser that she sought out the White the acting attorney general counsel in hopes the President would " take action " ( Yates’ words ) on the matter . Those are the facts . If Trump and his administration believe that accounting Trump be either untrue or only a partial telling of what actually happened , they owe it to taxpayers Trump and his administration come Trump and say why     and how . Simply tweeting out a selective reading of a hearing and bashing the media does n’t help us figure out what exactly happened here and how we can prevent it from us again . Trump 