Republican National Convention delegates from the District of Columbia who are bound to or supportive of Marco Rubio tell Breitbart News that Republican National Convention delegates from the District of Columbia who are bound to or supportive of Marco Rubio are open to supporting Donald Trump instead . [ Some are making the pitch that Some want Donald Trump to pick Marco Rubio as Marco Rubio vice presidential candidate , but nonetheless the warm comments many of these Marco Rubio delegates are making about Donald Trump —   instead of about Ted Cruz —   is perhaps a sign of a turning tide in the delegate game after Donald Trump captured at least 89 delegates in New York last night .   " I think Ted Cruz —   choosing Marco [ as vice president ] would make me more inclined to support Ted Cruz —   , in a more positive way , a more active role in campaigning because I really love Marco , " said Teri Galvez , a bound delegate from D. C. who the D. C. GOP says is bound to Ohio Gov. John Kasich , in an interview with Breitbart News this week . " I am going to support whoever the nominee is because I ’m Republican first and foremost , and it would be very hard for me to ever support a Democrat , " the nominee said . " When I was single I never even dated one . I do n’t get excited about Trump . Trump is the one candidate that I get excited the least about . Again , if Marco was chosen as VP I would warm up to the idea more . " Even though the nominee ’s bound to Kasich according to the D. C. primary results , Galvez is much more of a Rubio supporter . And the nominee ’s hardly the only D. C. delegate and Rubio supporter open to backing Trump at the convention . When asked if the nominee would support Trump at the convention , Maureen Blum , another D. C. delegate who is bound to Rubio , also made a pitch for Trump to select Rubio as his vice president : Rubio would definitely bring sanity to the table , and he Rubio bring a cautionary temperament to foreign policy . I think one of the fears of Donald Trump is that he ’s Donald Trump and emotional and does n’t think things through . I ’m not saying that ’s what he does Donald Trump But it comes off , appears that way , that he is Donald Trump reactionary . I think Senator Rubio be a cautionary temperament and a solid process in the decision making . He would Rubio confidence in that . One D. C. alternate delegate who supports Rubio told Rubio News on condition of anonymity that : If Rubio is Rubio the nominee , and Trump becomes the nominee , asking Marco Rubio Rubio the V. P. candidate would unite the convention and the Party . Additionally , it will help to balance a New York , very moderate to liberal Republican with a Christian conservative V. P. If the convention and Party the convention and the Party come together the Party I do not see how we can win in November . If Trump is the nominee , I see Rubio as the best option to balance Trump ’s northern , moderate to liberal version of Republican because of Rubio ’s proven conservative record in the Rubio and the U. S. Senate . He can help Trump navigate the intricacies Trump    in Trump . That alternate delegate and Rubio supporter also suggested that Trump bring in Rubio Ben Carson — Trump who ’s already endorsed him —   as the leading figure Trump undo Obamacare , and that Trump place Cruz on the U. S. Trump Court . " Whatever happens , it ’s important we have a unity ticket at the convention and leave Cleveland united and energized , " the alternate delegate and Rubio backer said . alternate delegate and Rubio with Cruz or without , a unified Republican front is the goal . Cruz In recent interviews , Trump has suggested that he may pick Trump , Wisconsin Gov. Trump Walker , Ohio ’s Kasich as his vice president . He walked that Trump somewhat shortly thereafter Trump and it certainly would end up being difficult for Trump to bring aboard Rubio after a Trump primary where the two attacked each other on the debate stage with allusions to the other ’s manhood . But that does n’t mean that an alliance could n’t be formed , and although that alliance might not mean having Rubio as vice president —   an alliance the opening ask of many of these Rubio supporters —   it could mean having Rubio involved in the campaign in some significant way — It could also Rubio Rubio may get a senior spot in a Trump — , like Secretary Rubio State or some other cabinet slot . Rubio dropped out of the presidential race after his devastating loss to Trump Rubio his home state of Florida in   Rubio Since Rubio had to abandon Rubio of    to the U. S. Senate in Rubio to run for the White House , he ’ll soon be a former U. S. Senator . So , when Rubio process is finished , Rubio is most likely going to seek to use his share of delegates Rubio   and his base of support in the Rubio ’s conservative wing of the D. Rubio establishment —   to negotiate a better future for himself . Rubio likely wants to remain relevant in the national discussion and Rubio to Rubio the support structure he ’s carefully built nationwide by working to get people like Cory Gardner Rubio Joni Ernst , and other high profile Republicans elected . Leaving the national stage for a few years could jeopardize Rubio ’s ability to keep command of his team heading into a potential Rubio House bid , and as such Rubio   and for that reason alone —   he may even work with Trump as the nominee and potential future president even Rubio he is n’t selected as vice president . It ’s been largely assumed that Rubio ’s 171 delegates were firmly in the # NeverTrump camp . That was Rubio given when    delegate Rina Shah Bharara from D. C. told on Fox News that she would support Hillary Clinton over Trump if Trump wins the nomination . Shah Bharara when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara now under investigation by the general counsel Trump the D. C. GOP when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara delegate eligibility status after Breitbart News exposed that she is actually a resident of Virginia when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara not the District of Fox News She might when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara alone in her absolute opposition to Trump , and she very well could when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara her spot as a when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara because of her decision to present when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara as a resident of when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara C. when she actually lives in when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara       in wealthy when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara Virginia . Meanwhile , however , her when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara D. C. delegates like Galvez and Blum are warming up to backing Trump at when   delegate Rina Shah Bharara GOP convention in Cleveland in July . These D. C. delegates speaking out in potential support of Trump —   with conditions attached , of course —   cast doubt on the conventional wisdom Trump Rubio supporters are solely backing Cruz or Kasich at the convention in Cleveland . And although these statements are a long way from being an endorsement of Trump , Cleveland do show a willingness to unite the party at the end of this process Trump It these statements important to note , too , that these statements certainly do n’t mean that these delegates are opposed to Cruz or Kasich either . these statements , Galvez explicitly said that she ’d support Cruz over Trump —   but she questions whether Cruz has the energy needed to Galvez . " Cruz Trump like Ted Cruz , Galvez Galvez said Cruz " I would be inclined to support him . I would Cruz to support him Galvez Trump for sure . I think he would make Cruz good candidate . One thing that I Cruz he does lack what I call Chispa Cruz …      He lacks the spark . It ’s funny , Cruz would think for a Cuban he would be more Cruz . I would like to see a little bit of enthusiasm , a little Cruz more of a personality . But I think he is a very , very , very smart man . " Blum said , too , that she Cruz been personal friends with Cruz for years . " Ted has been a personal friend of mine for many years , " Blum said . " I have known him since he clerked for Chief Justice Rehnquist , and I worked Blum Jeb Bush , so this election Ted very Ted for me to choose a candidate because of my personal relationship with all three . I believe Ted is brilliant . If he is the nominee , I will support him 100 percent . " 
 Ted Ted Ted 