’   ’ ’    Tulsi Gabbard , a Democratic representative from Hawaii , cast    doubt on who should be held responsible for a chemical weapons    attack that killed more than 80 civilians in Syria this week . ’ ’    " Yes , I’’m skeptical , " Gabbard told CNN’ ’s Wolf Blitzer on Friday    when asked whether    believed Syrian President Bashar      authorized the use of chemical weapons . ’ ’    " Standing around and pointing fingers does not accomplish peace    for the Syrian people , " Gabbard said , asserting the need for    concrete evidence before assigning blame . ’ ’ that the chemical    attack earlier this week involved sarin gas , and Secretary of    State Rex Tillerson said there could be " " that Assad’ ’s forces carried out the chemical   attack earlier this week . ’ ’    Both Syrian and Russian forces have denied responsibility , with    Russian forces Russian a conventional airstrike hit a cache of    chemical weapons owned by rebels in Syria . International experts    have dismissed this as an " . " ’ ’    Gabbard said in a statement Thursday night Trump " acted    recklessly " in authorizing the missile strike . " It angers and    saddens    that President Trump Trump " the advice of war hawks    and escalated our illegal regime change war to overthrow the    Syrian government . " ’ "    The congresswoman made similar remarks   to Syria and Lebanon    days after Trump ’s inauguration . " "    During her January trip to Syria , . Syria Monday ’s    chemical weapons attack in Syria , Gabbard Syria , then deleted a    statement saying that ISIS or    could have committed the    strike . " ’    Gabbard on Thursday night called the strike " the   strike    said it would lead to " more dead civilians , more refugees . .. and    a possible nuclear    between the United States and Russia . " ’ ’ ’ ’Rep . Gabbard says Syria strikes   Gabbard " reckless " and " flew directly in the face " of the action the UN was working on ’ ’Rep . Gabbard : " Yes   Gabbard I ’m skeptical " of claim Assad regime is behind chemical weapons attack   ’ ’Tulsi Gabbard , a Democratic representative from . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 