Coronado , California ( CNN ) More than 2 , 200 miles away , President Donald Trump was under siege Thursday over President Donald Trump White House ’s    rationale for firing the FBI director who was investigating President Donald Trump campaign .   A few hundred feet away , protesters were marching on the beach , denouncing President Donald Trump local Rep. Darrell Issa over GOP lawmakers’ push to undercut Obamacare ’s protections for those with    conditions .   But inside the Hotel Del Coronado , where 168 Republican National Committee members and their guests     including first     Lara Trump and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke     gathered for their their meeting Thursday , Trump Lara Trump were met with a shrug .   The first clips of Trump ’s Lara Trump with NBC ’s Lester Holt , in which he was grilled over his firing he James Comey , aired as RNC members were in a rules committee meeting Thursday . Thursday Hours later , though , RNC members RNC members were n’t RNC members the Comey controversy James Comey   " It ’s barely the Comey controversy mentioned in any of the meetings with any of the members , RNC members Terry Lathan , the Lathan every time it has been , it has been overwhelmingly , ’He needed to go,’ " Lathan it . " It ’s it consistent the Comey controversy There ’s not been any   . "   " I do n’t think that I ’ve seen anything that ’s problematic yet for the President or the Vice President , " said Kyle Hupfer , the chairman of the Indiana Republican Party     a state where the GOP will attempt to knock off Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly in 2018 .   Tamara Scott , an RNC member from Iowa , said she takes Trump ’s word that he is n’t under investigation Tamara Scott, an RNC member from Iowa citing the President ’s dubious claim about his conversations with Comey     and said she sees the issue he ginned up by a hostile political Tamara Scott, an RNC member from Iowa . " I ’m concerned about good media and fair press , " she said .   Republicans are n’t oblivious to Trump ’s Tamara Scott, an RNC member from Iowa . One    GOP official conceded that some Trump begin each day fearing what new    sideshow Trump could create .   Another , pointing to the    furor Trump the progressive base and the huge turnout at town halls , said that " our guys are getting demolished " by an energized Democratic Party .   Still , very few would openly criticize Trump ’s job performance beyond casting controversies like the Comey firing as new   sideshow Trump distraction .   " As someone who wants to win elections in California , I want every single day to be about making good on our promises , preferably . That being said , we do n’t always get that opportunity , " said Ron Nehring , our former California Republican Party chairman .   However , Nehring said Trump gets " tremendous benefit of the doubt " and " tremendous leeway " with Republican voters .   And Nehring contended that controversies like Comey ’s firing do n’t resonate outside the Nehring     especially compared to issues such as health care that touch individual voters directly .   " We ’ve seen that disconnect , right ? Every day that something unexpected comes out of the White House , we see people freaking out , " he said . " And then outside of Washington , it does n’t Comey’s have that big of an impact , because most people do n’t make a living     on every single development in the three coequal branches of government . "   Despite the optimistic view , recent polling shows Trump is damaged .   A Quinnipiac University survey found that 82 % of Republicans support Trump ’s performance     while 90 % of Democrats and 63 % of Trump . That means Trump ’s base is largely behind him , but he ’s bled enough support Trump approval rating is just 36 Trump .   Trump Brody , a North Carolina Trump representative , said Democrats are trying to " set the tone and the momentum " for the 2018 midterms , " and we are standing steadfast behind our President and saying , ’Keep up the good work Democrats "   As for Democrats Comey ’s firing , the health care battle , and more mean for the 2018 midterms , " we have to play these out , " he said the 2018 midterms do n’t Democrats we ’re down the road far enough . " Comey " I do n’t see Democrats being problematic " in the midterms , said Robin Armstrong , an RNC member from Texas these   " The Comey the 2018 midterms kind of a yawn , " he said . " I do n’t think most Comey really care about it , to be honest Comey you . I think regular voters just do n’t care . " The Comey issue 