  ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Tom McClintock faced jeers , boos and shouts of " do your job " at a town hall meeting in Republican Rep. Tom McClintock California district Saturday , but one thing the crowd liked was Republican Rep. Tom McClintock stance on Syria     precisely because Republican Rep. Tom McClintock criticized President Donald Trump ’s decision to strike an air base in Syria on Thursday .   " I think that this President Donald Trump’s need to be held to the letter of the Constitution , " McClintock told the crowd . " I believe his attack on President Donald Trump’s exceeded Syria authority as President Donald Trump’s . " On Friday , McClintock issued a McClintock condemning the President ’s decision to launch Thursday ’s missile strike without asking Congress for permission . He elaborated on McClintock point after the town hall meeting , telling reporters , " If the administration wants to commit military forces without ( an ) attack on the United States , or its possessions or the United States armed forces the United States .. the Constitution is very clear : He must bring McClintock request to the Congress . Congress most of the    town hall discussion , however , McClintock faced varying degrees of negativity from a crowd that had telegraphed its mindset with signs McClintock said things like , " Obamacare Fix It , Do n’t McClintock It , " and McClintock Independent Commission Re   . " On the latter , McClintock faced some tough McClintock , perhaps heralding what ’s to come for lawmakers at other town halls over their    spring recess . A woman asked if McClintock believed the FBI McClintock congressional investigations into any ties between Trump campaign aides and Russia , which US intelligence agencies say interfered in the US election , are an attempt to delegitimize Trump ’s victory , as some Republicans have said . " We want to see all the facts on the table , " McClintock replied . " That ’s why there is an investigation going on . " When McClintock said those investigations McClintock look into Trump ’s accusation earlier Trump’s that President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , Susan Rice , likely broke the law by allegedly requesting the names of Trump campaign officials caught up Trump’s the broader surveillance of Russian officials     a claim for which Trump provided no evidence and Trump’s Rice has denied     the congressman ’s answer was President Barack Obama loud boos .    Much of the nearly    town hall was filled with similarly big questions over issues that have dogged Republicans in the early stages of the Trump administration . But some Trump’s were just statements of    disapproval . One man called the Republican lawmaker Mr. McClintock rubber stamp for Donald Trump . " Another asked , " Mr. McClintock , are you aware that you do n’t answer questions ? " which was followed by loud cheers . " I answer questions , " McClintock responded . " You might not Mr. McClintock the answers , but that ’s what discussions like this are all about . " At times , the     got so disruptive that McClintock pleaded for calm . " Ladies Mr. McClintock gentleman , this is supposed to be a civil discussion , " he implored . " Be civil , be polite , and allow people to have a civil exchange of ideas . " But for all the storminess of the meeting , there was a silver lining for McClintock : At least this town hall Mr. McClintock n’t as fiery as the one in February , when the congressman had to be escorted out by police after screaming    protestors filled the venue . 
 