’   ’ ’    Russia’ ’s    news agency Russia Today " has actively    collaborated with " WikiLeaks , the organization that published    documents and emails stolen from Democrats by Russian hackers    during the presidential campaign , the US intelligence community     released Friday . ’ ’    The    report , which was released in its    declassified form to the public , concluded that Russian President    Vladimir Putin " ordered " the    hacking in an    effort to undermine Americans ’’ faith in the election and help    elect Donald Trump   —    and was aided by WikiLeaks and Russia Today . ’ ’    " RT ’s     visited WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at    the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in August 2013 , where they    discussed renewing    broadcast contract with RT , according to    Russian and Western media , " the report states . ’ ’    " Russian media subsequently announced that RT had become ’’ the    only Russian media company ’’ to partner with WikiLeaks and had    received access to ’’ new leaks of secret information . ’’ RT routinely gives Assange sympathetic coverage and provides him RT    platform to denounce the United States , " the report said . ’ ’    Russia Today also gave Assange Assange Assange show , " The Julian Assange    Show "   —    also known as " "   —    in 2012 . ’ "    Over the summer , when WikiLeaks was releasing daily batches of    emails stolen from Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John    Podesta ’s inbox , many journalists noted that Russia Today and    Sputnik   —    another    Russian news agency   —    frequently    shared the leaked documents on Twitter before WikiLeaks did . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tEarlier today ,   tweeted & pubbed a story on fresh   Podesta emails dump before WL posted them " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tEarlier today,   the site & tweeted a link .   ’ ’    WikiLeaks WikiLeaks that it WikiLeaks leaked the documents to any      Russian news agencies prior to releasing them any     Russian news agencies    the WikiLeaks website , noting that " t ’ ’    In any case , the intelligence community concluded that Russia    Today , as part of Russia’ ’s "   propaganda machine , "    contributed to Putin’ ’s attempt to influence the outcome of the    presidential election " by serving as a platform for Kremlin    messaging to Russian and international audiences . " ’ ’    The declassified report devoted seven pages to Russia    Today’ ’s " rapid expansion " in the US and around the world ,    claiming that the news agency " has positioned itself the news agency a    domestic US channel and has deliberately sought to obscure any       ties to the Russian Government . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tReport devotes 7 pages to RT    ’ ’    The Kremlin spends approximately $ 190 million a year on       RT RT , the report noted , focusing on hotels    and satellite , terrestrial , and cable broadcasting . ’ ’    Officials said that RT’ ’s attempts to undermine faith in the US    election process and democratic institutions began in the      to the 2012 presidential election , when it the 2012 presidential election ran numerous    reports on alleged US election fraud and voting machine    vulnerabilities , contending that US election results can not be    trusted and do not reflect the popular will . " ’ ’    RT’ ’s "   messaging , " the report continued , was likely       by RT editor in chief Margarita Simonyan , who has    close ties to the Kremlin . Simonyan has characterized RT’ ’s    journalism as a form of " information warfare " against      interests . ’ ’    When " the Ministry of Defense was at war with Georgia , " RT RT    " waging an information war against the entire Western world , "    Simonyan Simonyan in July , referring to the 2008      war . ’ ’    " The word ’’ propaganda ’’ has a very negative connotation , but    indeed , there is not a single international foreign TV channel    that is doing something other than promotion of the values of the    country that it The word ’’propaganda’’ broadcasting from , " Simonyan Simonyan . " When    Russia is at war , we are , of course , on Russia’ ’s side . " ’ 
 