Harvard University will not designate Harvard University as a " sanctuary campus , " which would have shielded illegal immigrant students from federal immigration law , university President Drew G. Faust announced . [ Faust , who was lobbied by students advocating for    university policies , denied a request to transform Harvard into a campus where federal immigration officials with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency are banned from campus , the Harvard Crimson reported .   " [ The sanctuary campus policy ] also risks drawing special attention to the students in ways that could put the students status in greater jeopardy , " Faust said during a Harvard faculty meeting . " I believe it would endanger , rather than protect , our students , and that is not something I am willing for this institution to do . " " Sanctuary campus status has no legal significance or even clear definition , " Faust continued . " It offers no actual protection to our students . I worry that in fact It offers false and misleading assurance . " Harvard history professor Walter Johnson and Anwar Omeish , the Director of External Relations of the Harvard Islamic Society , were two individuals on campus who previously held a rally at the university demanding a sanctuary campus policy .    for a sanctuary campus policy reportedly " discussed the pain and fear " students feel after    Donald Trump ’s stunning victory to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , the Crimson reported . " When we as faculty and when we as administrators we these students as our students , we make a our commitment to support these students so these students can thrive , these students Harvard associate professor Sergio Delgado said at the sanctuary campus rally . " And whenever we fail at that commitment we ’re not just we those students , we these students this institution we we ’re failing ourselves . we Harvard is we the first Harvard to openly reject sanctuary campus policies . This week , the University of Illinois announced that it would not be implementing the University of Illinois sanctuary campus policy , citing that the campus resolution would do nothing to prevent illegal immigrants from being subject to follow federal immigration law , as Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him Breitbart Texas Texas @JxhnBinder . John Binder 