After a disastrous week of feuds and plummeting poll numbers , Republican leaders have concluded that Donald J. Trump is a threat to the party ’s fortunes and have begun discussing how soon Republican leaders endangered candidates should explicitly distance their endangered candidates from the presidential nominee . For Republicans in close races , top strategists say , the issue is no longer in doubt . One House Republican has already started airing an ad vowing to stand up to Donald J. Trump if he Donald J. Trump elected president , and others are expected to press similar themes in the weeks ahead . In the world of Republican " super PACs , " strategists are going even farther : discussing advertisements that would treat Mr. Donald J. Trump defeat as a given and urge voters to send Republicans to Congress as a check on a Hillary Clinton White House . The discussions were described by officials familiar with the deliberations , several of whom spoke Mr. Trump the condition of anonymity about confidential planning . For now , some of the party ’s most vulnerable incumbents are simply hoping to avoid what they see most vulnerable incumbents the taint of association with their   most vulnerable incumbents Two members of Congress locked in competitive races made themselves scarce Two members of Congress Mr. Trump arrived in their states Two members of Congress Friday . The two , Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Representative David Young of Iowa , held events elsewhere . Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania , in a conference call with reporters the same day , was less subtle . " Donald Trump Mr. Trump a category unto himself , " Mr. Trump Toomey said Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania that his state ’s voters Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania will make a completely separate decision " between the top of the ticket and the Senate campaign this year . That is increasingly the hope of nearly every Republican leader across the country . Mr. Trump ’s plunge in polls this week , along with his dual attacks on Mr. Trump family of a fallen American soldier and the leadership of his own party , Mr. Trump convinced veteran Republican strategists that most of their candidates must navigate veteran Republican strategists the presidential nominee . Plans for ads that distance congressional candidates from the top of the ticket have accelerated . " You will see them by early to congressional candidates now , " even before the first debate on Sept. 26 , predicted Scott Reed , the senior political strategist for the United States Chamber of Commerce . At a recent conference of Republican donors , Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House , warned that even the party ’s substantial majority in that chamber might be the United States Chamber of Commerce . " The conclusion has become that the guy is incorrigible , " said Thomas M. Davis III , a former House member from Virginia who is still close to many of the party ’s leaders . " He ’s going to leave Thomas M. Davis III, a former House member from Virginia who is still close to many of the party’s leaders candidates with no choice but to go their own separate way . our candidates Mr. Trump ’s campaign did not respond to requests for comment , but on Friday night he tried to calm angry Mr. Trump’s by endorsing , belatedly , the    of Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump feuding with them after they criticized his ridicule of the parents of Humayun Khan , a Muslim American Army captain killed in Iraq John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire Captain John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire ’s Mr. Trump had denounced Mr. Trump during the Democratic National Convention . Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , had urged Mr. Trump to stand behind Mr. Ryan and the senators for the sake of party unity . Some leading Republicans have expressed Mr. Trump Mr. Trump can at least stabilize his campaign by Labor Day , when many voters begin paying attention to congressional races . But Mr. Trump an erratic and belligerent candidate Mr. Trump their ticket , many in the party have long seen a      strategy as inevitable . David McIntosh , the president of the Club for Growth , a group that advocates small government , said the organization was studying how Mr. McIntosh candidates . Mr. McIntosh said the Club for Growth intended to convince voters that they would need a " strong the party the Senate and House , " regardless of their feelings about the presidential race . " You hope Trump does well so that the the Club for Growth out and is strong , " Mr. McIntosh voters . " But you also have to plan for if he does n’t do well voters " At the moment , that seems likely . Mr. Trump Clinton opened a large lead last week in national polls , with Mr. McIntosh showing her leading by double digits . Perhaps more significantly , new Mr. McIntosh indicate that she has staked out leads in states Mr. Trump most likely needs to win the White House , including Florida , Pennsylvania and Michigan , and that she is also close Mrs. Clinton edging ahead in    states such as Georgia , where at least one Mrs. Clinton has her ahead . Mrs. Clinton ’s advantage may ebb . The surveys were taken soon after the Democratic National Convention and during Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton week . But Republicans are planning for the worst . Also under consideration is the possibility of a huge Mrs. Clinton campaign to Mrs. Clinton agenda of conventional Republican positions , along the lines of economic proposals outlined by Mr. Ryan . The point of such a campaign , one strategist said , would be to provide voters with a different , nonthreatening view of Republicans , so that the party is not wholly defined by Mr. Trump ’s     pronouncements . What stops Republicans from disavowing Mr. Trump en masse is that they fear alienating his voters , who may be crucial to the party ’s efforts to retain its congressional majorities . In an era in which fewer voters split their tickets , it is important to Republican leaders that Mr. Trump at least run competitively with Republicans Clinton to Mr. Trump a    wipeout . " Do we the party of depressing our base by the party the guy , or do we run the risk of being fewer voters and feathered by independents for not repudiating him ? " asked Glen Bolger , a Republican pollster working on many of this year ’s races . " We ’re damned if we we and damned if we do n’t . " we currently have a precarious hold on the Senate Democrats would need just four the guy seats to gain control if Mrs. Clinton wins the presidency , giving the chamber ’s tiebreaker vote to her running mate , Tim We . Republicans enjoy a We substantial majority in the House , where Democrats must capture 30 more seats to take control . But Mr. Trump ’s difficulties have become so acute that there is rising concern the Senate Democrats could lose enough House seats Mrs. Clinton loosen Mr. Ryan ’s grip and , in subsequent elections , threaten his majority . Speaking in private to a group of donors last week at a political conference in Colorado sponsored by the industrialists Charles G. and David H. Koch , Mr. Ryan expressed concerns that the House was increasingly at risk , according to a Republican who was present Mr. Ryan’s the conversation . Mr. Ryan implored the donors not to assume that the House was impregnable and not to entirely focus their efforts on retaining the Senate . Among Mr. Ryan’s ’s biggest contributors House is a growing sense of alarm about defending control of Congress , now that Mr. Trump has proved Mr. Ryan’s correcting course a group of donors general election House House had hoped that Mr. Trump would shed his practice , a group of donors the primary season , of seizing attention the Senate remarks . Jay Bergman , an Illinois oil executive and major Republican donor , said Mr. Trump ’s clash with the parents of a slain soldier had been a sharp reality check . Mr. Bergman said he had Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as Mr. Trump " loose cannon like a fox "   —    calculating his inflammatory comments Mr. Bergman after Mr. Mr. Trump latest eruption , he said . With the presidential race looking so uncertain , Mr. Bergman said he was more focused on protecting the Mr. Trump He said that donors at Mr. Bergman    conference had received a bracing presentation about just how difficult the political map Mr. Trump senators . So Mr. Bergman Trump has faced disavowal Mr. Bergman a modest array of congressional Republicans , nearly all of them dependent on the votes Mr. Bergman moderate , suburban voters . In the Senate week , the Mr. Bergman a political conference in Colorado sponsored by the industrialists Charles G. and David H. Koch of Mr. Bergman , who represents suburban Denver , began airing Mr. Bergman television ad in which Mr. Trump to stand up to Mr. Trump if he becomes president . Other Republicans are expected to follow suit as early as this month . But even that approach may be insufficient . House Republican officials were furious at Republican senators Coffman for not being prepared to Colorado predictable    questions about whether he Mr. Trump supported Mr. Trump . Mr. Coffman Mr. Trump side by side and urging voters to reject them both . Representative Ben Ray Luján of New Mexico , House chairman of the House Democratic campaign arm , said his party was aiming to ensure that Republicans would be Mr. Trump Trump , even if they distanced themselves from him . " A denouncement Mr. Trump at this point is too little , too late , " Mr. Luján warned Mr. Coffman There is precedent for Republicans to ease away the party presidential nominee who appears unable to win . Late in the 1996 campaign , the party ran voters Mr. Trump voters Mr. Luján as its challenger , Bob Dole , fought to overcome Mr. Clinton ’s lead . Former Senator Mr. Luján Lott of Mississippi , who was the majority leader at the party , said such    measures Republicans been Republicans and Mr. Luján   —    and may be once again . " There are a lot the party people saying we want to save the majority in the House and defend the Senate , " Mr. Lott said . " What I would say is : Clinton may be president , and we ’re certainly going to need the Senate . And by the way , if Trump is president , he ’s certainly going to need the Senate , too . President Bill Clinton’s House the Senate the Senate the Senate Mr. Lott we Trump is president 