’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s aides are reportedly bracing for the    president ’s response to FBI Director James Comey ’s Thursday    Senate testimony , which comes after Trump fired Trump last month . " ’ on Wednesday that Trump has    spent the last several days " seething " about " fake news " while    watching cable TV and tweeting without regard for Trump advisers ’’    advice . ’ ’    Major cable news networks have featured countdowns this week to    Comey’ ’s live testimony , which will interrupt regular programming    and is   " Washington’ ’s Super Bowl . " ’ ’    The Post described Trump as " consumed , haunted and antagonized "    by the FBI’ ’s investigation into possible collusion between his    campaign aides and the Russian government and " spoiling for a    fight " with Comey . ’ ’    " He’ ’s infuriated at a    personal level that the elite    media has tolerated [ the Russia story ] and praised Comey , " former    House speaker Newt Gingrich . " He’ ’s not going to let some guy like that    smear He’ without punching He’ as hard as He’ can . " ’ ’’ "    Dozens of White House aides and others close to the president    told the Post that Trump is being encouraged by Trump top lawyers    and advisers to refrain from commenting on Trump ’s testimony on    Twitter . But Dozens of White House aides and others close to the president    fear the president    will ignore Dozens of White House aides and others close to the president       recommendations . " "    Washington Post reporter Robert Costa   sources told him Robert Costa Trump might even live    tweet the Comey Comey’s if he Comey’s the need to respond to    Comey ’s testimony . " "    They Washington Post reporter Robert Costa  sources expressed concern about the political and legal    repercussions of Trump Trump unpredictable behavior , and expressed       that the president does not seem capable of focusing on    his the president ’s policy agenda .   " ’    One Republican allied with the White House   aides ’’ response to Trump’ ’s public reactions as :    " Please , don’’t , you’’re not helping things . " ’ ’    Trump has blasted Comey on Twitter repeatedly since firing him Trump ’ ’    In May , Trump Trump " James Comey hope that there are no ’’ tapes ’’    of our conversations before he starts Comey to the press ! " ’ ’    Trump Trump into whether his campaign Trump colluded with Russians a " witch hunt . " ’ " on Wednesday that Trump ’s Trump    are crafting a response to Comey ’s testimony that    will attempt    undermine him and deflect Comey’s away    from his    , Comey’s Comey detailed in Comey’s   released by the Senate on Wednesday    afternoon . " ’    Sources told the Post that Trump’ ’s team is planning portray    Comey as Comey showboat "   —    a term Trump has used to describe him . A    Trump of relatively    surrogates are prepared to appear    on conservative media    on Thursday in an attempt    to disseminate the White House’ ’s message .   ’ "    And Trump ’s messaging is Trump by allied groups    outside the White House . " ’    " If we feel he crosses a line , we’’ll fire back , " said Ed Rollins ,    the chief strategist at the conservative Great America PAC ,    . ’ "    Just the ’ "    ’s scheduled appearance , Trump   for FBI Director ,    Christopher Wray , a former assistant attorney general under    George W. Bush who served as New Jersey Gov. Chris    Christie ’s personal attorney during the Bridgegate scandal .   " " President Donald Trump ’s aides are reportedly . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 