Washington ( CNN ) The scandals that are metastasizing around the Trump administration are rankling some of the President ’s largest contributors , who were already in short supply after his insurgent campaign . The political fallout of President Donald Trump ’s decision to fire James Comey grew messier this week when news emerged that James Comey had allegedly urged the FBI director to drop an investigation into President Donald Trump former aide . It decision to fire James Comey another distraction for Trump President Donald Trump agenda , which many Republican donors embraced as a reason to support him even James Comey their distaste many Republican donors his personality James Comey And Trump perhaps President Donald Trump fuel to the fire on Wednesday when Trump administration officials said he would President Donald Trump soon announce his move President Donald Trump the US Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jersualem     a major issue to many of his top President Donald Trump supporters . " People think it ’s a disaster . Would n’t mind seeing ( Vice President Mike ) Pence take over , " said one fundraiser close to    givers , including Sheldon Adelson , Trump ’s largest single benefactor . An Adelson spokesman Sheldon Adelson not respond to requests for comment Wednesday on his reaction An Adelson spokesman But in a strong signal of his thinking An Adelson spokesman a close Adelson confidant Sheldon Adelson Klein , the head of an organization heavily funded by Adelson , Sheldon Adelson livid . Klein does An Adelson spokesman speak for Adelson , Sheldon Adelson he is An Adelson spokesman to speak out of turn . " We are deeply disappointed in Trump ’s mistaken action , " Klein , the head of the Zionist Organization of America , told CNN . Klein said An Adelson spokesman Arab world would now feel emboldened to change Trump ’s Trump’s on other issues . " This also harms the credibility of President Trump Trump’s Other Adelson allies were less nervous . Matt Brooks , Brooks took comfort in that the White House decision was not final and that only " they decided they Brooks not immediately do it . " " At the end , I believe that President Brooks will Brooks his commitment to move the White House decision embassy , " Brooks told CNN . He said the RJC did not receive a heads up from the administration . On Tuesday , Adelson , 83 Brooks was seen entering the Capitol Hill office of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell     it is unclear what message he delivered in the rare    visit . Adelson is said to be closely watching Trump ’s upcoming trip to Brooks     the casino magnate will be in Adelson country at the same time as Trump , and the person close to him said that while he may Israel disappointed " now , the overseas trip will be " telling . Brooks    RJC donors Brooks leaders are expected to be in Israel at the same time . Other givers     including those who flocked to Trump early and are not traditional GOP Israel     say they are less perturbed by the continual fracas .   " Trump am not troubled at all by all of bedlam Other givers    including those who flocked to Trump early and are not traditional GOP donors     the noise being generated by the Comey story , " said Tom Tellefsen , a major California Republican fundraiser . " I expected it from all of the    forces out there , find it partisan in nature and am disappointed in the media ’s level of attention to it . " Tellefsen was courted it the bevy of outside    groups during the campaign . One now seems to have the momentum : America First Policies , an outside group organized by White House allies to provide political cover for the administration , on Tuesday evening hosted a fundraiser attended by    Pence . And Pence on Wednesday created a new donor vehicle , a PAC called Great America Committee , to help fund his political Pence . It is also intended to help transfer    political assets to the federal level . The likeliest a PAC to these groups a PAC the Trump true believers . Peter Zieve , a Seattle aerospace engineer , who had barely donated money to politics before he cut a $ 1 million check to a Trump group last fall , said he was not worried about the FBI firing interfering with his agenda . " I support him 200 % , " he said , adding a piece of    advice : he Trump should fire everybody that he appointed by Obama . he 
 Trump 