Donald J. Trump ’s victory in the presidential race on Tuesday night capped a remarkable election in which several Democratic Senate candidates fell short and Republicans retained several Democratic Senate candidates majority in the House of Representatives . Here are some key takeaways from a stunning result that upended conventional expectations and set the stage for a drastic reordering of politics in Washington : • Mr. Trump took the stage at the Hilton just before 3 a. m. and told his Mr. Trump that Hillary Clinton called him Mr. Trump concede the election . Striking a gracious note , he Mr. Trump her Hillary Clinton and said , " We owe her Hillary Clinton major debt of gratitude for her Hillary Clinton to our country . " • Reading from teleprompters and flanked by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana and his Mr. Trump , Barron , Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump to " reclaim our our country destiny " and be bold and daring . He also Mr. Trump for unity and said that he hoped Mr. Trump and Republicans would work together . • Democratic hopes that Hillary Clinton would easily defeat Mr. Trump crumbled as the evening wore on , as the Republican candidate ’s bombastic style appeared to win significant support among white ,    and rural voters across the country . • Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton to result , in part , from a     showing among    and young voters   —    two important parts of the coalition that lifted President Obama to victories in 2008 and 2012 . • Black voters made up 12 percent of the national electorate this year , nearly the same as in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton won a Hillary Clinton of black voters   —    88 percent , compared with 8 percent for Mr. Trump . But Mr. Obama received 93 percent President Obama    vote four years ago . • Mrs. Clinton also did slightly Hillary Clinton Mr. Obama among young voters . People under 30 made up 19 percent of this year ’s electorate , the same as in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton got 54 percent of Hillary Clinton , compared with Mr. Obama ’s 60 percent . Mr. Trump had the backing of 37 percent of voters under 30 , the same percentage that Mitt Romney won in 2012 . • Mr. Trump won in part on his strength Mr. Trump who were not strongly identified Mr. Trump either party . Independents made up 31 percent of 2016 voters , compared with 29 percent in 2012 . Mrs. Clinton won 42 percent of independents , compared with Mr. Trump ’s 47 percent , while 6 percent Mr. Trump Gary Johnson and 3 percent supported Jill Stein . • In the key battleground of Florida , Mr. Trump built his support largely on voters who expressed Mr. Trump with Washington Mr. Trump Nearly nine in 10 of his voters in Florida said they were dissatisfied or angry with Mr. Trump state of Florida federal his voters in Florida . Just as many disapproved of Mr. Obama ’s job performance , and    thought the president ’s health care law went too far . • Nearly four in 10 Florida voters said they were most interested in electing a president Florida would bring Nearly four in 10 Florida voters change , and Mr. Trump won that group by a broad margin . Mrs. Clinton won voters looking for a compassionate , experienced or more judicious leader   —    but it was not enough to cancel out Mr. Trump ’s support among those hungry for change . • Mr. Trump up 11 percent of voters nationwide in 2016 , just 1 point higher than in 2012 . While Mrs. Clinton got 65 percent support among Hispanics , compared with 29 percent Mrs. Clinton Trump , her support from this group was 6 points lower than Mr. Trump ’s in 2012 Mrs. Clinton • While Mrs. Clinton did better than Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida , it was Mrs. Clinton to offset his success with white voters , who skew older in the state . He won those Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida nearly 2 to 1 , including those with a Florida . Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida of Florida ’s electorate was white and over 60 . Mr. Trump pulled most of his support from Florida Gulf Coast and the central part of Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida , a hub for Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida retirees , offsetting Mrs. Clinton ’s gaping lead in the Miami Florida areas . •Mr . Trump also did well in Ohio , where voters ages 18 to 29 were 11 points less Mr. Trump among nonwhite voters in Florida to support the Democratic candidate this year than in 2012 , with Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein capturing 7 percent of their votes . Black voters in Ohio were 6 points less likely to support Mrs. Clinton than they were Mr. Johnson and Ms. Stein support Mr. Obama four years Ohio . • In North Carolina , 30 percent of voters Black voters in Ohio nonwhite , and Mrs. Clinton won this group by a    margin ( 79 percent to 17 percent ) . Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton with a strong showing among whites , won the state . • The suburban share of the North Carolina vote increased to 38 percent , from 28 percent North Carolina , while the share of the rural vote North Carolina 10 points , to 24 percent . Mr. Trump won majorities in both groups . 
 Mr. Trump 