A new Bloomberg poll of South Carolina shows Donald Trump maintaining a strong lead in South Carolina heading into Saturday ’s primary . [ Trump Donald Trump the support of 36 percent of likely Republican voters , followed distantly by Ted Cruz in second with 17 percent support .   Marco Rubio , with 15 percent support , is in third , followed closely by Jeb Bush with 13 percent . Ben Carson has 9 percent , while John Kasich has 7 percent . The poll , conducted by Iowa ’s Ann Selzer , was conducted after the GOP debate last Saturday . The The poll, conducted by Iowa’s Ann Selzer n’t show any drop in support for Trump following his criticism Trump former President George W. Bush over the Iraq War . A slight majority of voters say their minds A slight majority of voters made up on which candidate to support , while 43 percent say they could A slight majority of voters change their minds their minds of both Trump and Cruz , however , are more strongly committed . Among Cruz supporters , Cruz percent say their mind is 68 percent made up . Among Trump supporters , a similar 63 percent say their mind is their mind . Trump may be benefiting Trump his tough rhetoric on Trump and proposals to impose tariffs on goods imported into the U. S. Only 20 percent of likely Republican voters believe trade deals like the Trans Pacific Partnership help the U. S. economy . A massive 70 percent of voters would support import tariffs and duties on goods manufactured overseas . A strong dose of caution on this poll is warranted , however , because of its sample   . this poll to this poll , the this poll block of likely voters , 39 percent , describe themselves as " mainstream Republicans the largest single block of likely voters, 39 percent " while only a third , 33 percent , describe themselves as evangelicals . Another the largest single block of likely voters, 39 percent percent describe themselves at " Tea Party Another 20 percent . " In both 2012 and 2008 , evangelicals made up more than 60 percent of the Republican primary electorate . One reason the final Bloomberg poll in Iowa was so off was that it significantly undercounted the number the final Bloomberg poll in Iowa evangelicals in the state . That poll Iowa " the final Bloomberg poll in Iowa " as the largest likely voting block in Iowa . In both the Iowa poll Iowa the recent South Carolina Iowa , Bloomberg has Trump running very Bloomberg with " mainstream " Republicans . In both polls , in fact , it is his strongest ideological Bloomberg of voters . It is unclear how Bloomberg Bloomberg " mainstream " Bloomberg voters . It is clear , however Bloomberg that they were not the largest block of voters in Iowa . They are unlikley to be the largest they of voters in South Carolina either . The Bloomberg poll , even with Bloomberg caveat , does reveal a very interesting piece of information . If , as it expects , " mainstream " Republicans The Bloomberg poll up the largest block of voters , dwarfing evangelicals and Tea Party supporters , then candidates like Bush , Rubio , and Kasich are in for even more of a struggle than anyone realizes . If these three are still struggling to gain traction with such a favorable electorate , then they really are candidates and campaigns in these three are still struggling to gain traction with such a favorable electorate of supporters . 
 