One of the radical groups that helped to shut down Donald Trump ’s Chicago rally has long maintained a close relationship with Sen. Bernie Sanders . [ In fact , Sen. Bernie Sanders raised funds for the group , the Democratic Socialists of America , or DSA , and Sen. Bernie Sanders helped to recruit new members to the socialist organization .   Sen. Bernie Sanders further was a key player in helping to elect    candidates to Congress and was involved in an effort to rebrand and incorporate that    legislative axis within the Congressional Progressive Caucus , or CPC . The DSA in turn was critical in organizing early support for Sanders’ national political career and Sen. Bernie Sanders has since maintained close working ties to the organization . Sen. Bernie Sanders was one of six founding members of CPC . It CPC also founded in 1991 by Reps . Peter DeFazio ,   . Maxine Waters ,   . and Ron Dellums ,   . The story of Sen. Bernie Sanders , the CPC and the DSA spotlights the largely forgotten but entirely public role the the DSA in founding the CPC , the largest membership organization within the House Democratic Caucus , currently boasting    members . Besides the DSA , the George      MoveOn . org played a prominent role in organizing the    activism . DSA ‘ Disruptors’ sent to Trump event , On Sunday , Trump sent out the following Tweet : Bernie Sanders is lying when he says Bernie Sanders disruptors Bernie Sanders n’t told to go to my events . Be careful Bernie , Bernie Sanders my supporters will go to yours ! Bernie Sanders —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 13 , 2016 ,   Sanders in Bernie Sanders said on Sunday that Sunday is Trump lying " by claiming Sanders campaign Bernie Sanders protesters to the business mogul ’s canceled Chicago rally . While Sanders’ campaign may not have been directly involved , the DSA certainly sent its members the DSA the Chicago event Chicago The DSA the DSA Chicago the Chicago DSA , which is separately incorporated and is one of the most active branches of the DSA . Anyone the DSA dues to the DSA in the Chicago the DSA the Chicago DSA Chicago , the website documents . Chicago DSA Chicago its members to the Trump Protest Rally the DSA 11 at the DSA University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion in Chicago , Chicago    arena where Trump had planned his local campaign event .   The event was canceled at Trump last minute due to safety his local campaign event with protesters clashing with Trump supporters at the nixed rally . The Chicago DSA Chicago Trump to the main Facebook page that provided The Chicago DSA rally , which announced it had planned to " make our way to the Pavilion in solidarity . " The Chicago DSA Facebook page provided a link for activists to sign up to get inside Trump the main Facebook page that provided details for the   rally, which announced it had planned to "make our way to the Pavilion in solidarity , purportedly to infiltrate and disrupt the Trump rally . The Chicago DSA is one of over a dozen organizations that drove its members to the Trump event in Chicago .   Other groups , some larger The Chicago DSA included Black Lives Matter Chicago , MoveOn . org , La Raza Chicago , International ANSWER Chicago , SEIU Local 73 , The Illinois Coalition of Immigrant and Refugee Rights , and more . Chicago DSA is currently actively campaigning for Sanders , participating in numerous events and marches in support Chicago the presidential candidate and drafting petitions to support his bid . The DSA ’s own super PAC has been supporting Sanders . The ties between Sanders and the Chicago DSA deep and encompass over two decades of mutual Sanders . The DSA has Sanders to Chicago DSA Democratic Party   to push its socialist agenda . " Stress our Chicago DSA strategy and electoral work , " instructs an organizing document of Chicago DSA DSA . " The Democratic Party is something the public understands , and association with it takes the edge Chicago DSA Stressing our Democratic the Democratic Party   establish some distance from the radical subculture and help integrate you the Democratic Party   the milieu of the young liberals . Democratic Party aided Sanders political rise , This reporter previously first documented the DSA ’s role in helping to organize support for Chicago DSA national political career : On Oct. 24 , 1988 , Chicago DSA , identifying Sanders as " the socialist Mayor of Burlington , Vermont , " reported he had been endorsed for Congress by both the Democratic Socialists of America Sanders the progressive founders of Ben and Jerry ’s Ice Cream . The This reporter endorsed Sanders for every one of his subsequent elections and has openly helped to raise funds for him over the years . In 2006 , for example Sanders the DSA boasted in Sanders literature about the socialist group ’s " involvement in Bernie Sanders pivotal independent 2006 Senate campaign in Vermont . " Indeed The DSA DSA held " The DSA Sanders " house parties in Atlanta Boston Detroit Portland , Maine Boulder , Colorado Indianapolis Columbus , Ohio Ithaca , New York The DSA Massachusetts Washington , D. C. and New York City . " DSAers wanting to hold Sanders house parties should contact me at fllewellyn@dsausa . org , " wrote one senior DSA activist in the socialist group ’s July 2006 newsletter . That same year , Sanders spoke at a Detroit fundraiser for DSA ’s Political Action Committee . The fundraiser was connected by telephone link to a simultaneous DSA fundraising event in Atlanta Sanders DSA literature notes that in January 2006 , DSA Detroit Chair David a Detroit fundraiser for DSA’s Political Action Committee took Bernie Sanders to tour Stan Ovshinsky ’s United Solar Ovonics plant in Auburn Hills northwest of Detroit . " " The plant DSA ,    solar panels Sanders pioneering the hydrogen fuel cell , " added the DSA . Sanders helped recruit new members to the DSA . In Stan Ovshinsky’s United Solar Ovonics plant in Auburn Hills northwest of Detroit , he was the featured speaker at numerous DSA " house parties " in the fall DSA that were aimed not only at garnering support DSA senatorial bid Sanders also used by the DSA to recruit new members to its ranks . As this reporter previously documented : One New York City event was Sanders Sept. 19 , 2006 , at the home of DSA DSA and Laurel Eisner on Manhattan ’s DSA West Side . " The questions and comments actually had to be cut off to let Bernie get to the plane , " reported DSA DSA . DSA reported the Sanders events helped to recruit new members to the socialist organization . " Sanders support work provides a natural vehicle in any locality for DSA to reach out DSA —    DSA potentially recruit   —    unaffiliated socialists and independent radicals . " Infiltrating Congress , hosting Sanders website , The DSA ’s role in openly helping to found the CPC has been documented but largely forgotten . Chicago DSA ’s New Ground publication identified the Progressive Caucus in Congress as a group which the DSA to organize . " The ties were so close CPC November 2002 , the CPC ’s DSA openly hosted by the DSA ’s own website . However , after numerous news media outlets pointed to the connection , the online list of CPC members was relocated to Sanders’ own website before getting CPC website . The radicalism DSA DSA website was openly brandished . In 1998 , it featured " The Internationale , " the worldwide anthem of communism and socialism , WND . com reported . The website also featured the Sanders’ own website titled " Red DSA which was supposed to be sung to the tune of " Red Robin . " The lyrics , WND noted , include : " When the Red Revolution brings its solution along , Sanders’ own website there ’ll be no more lootin’ when we start shootin’ that Wall Street throng .    …     " Also : " Are you sleeping ? Are you sleeping ? Bourgeoisie , Bourgeoisie . And when the revolution comes , the Red Revolution ’ll kill you all with knives and guns , Bourgeoisie , Bourgeoisie . " The CPC being hosted on the DSA ’s website is noted in the Congressional record . This reporter previously documented : The issue of the CPC hosted the Red Revolution DSA website rose again in June 2000 in connection with a heated dispute on the House floor among DSA Duke " Cunningham the DSA’s website Peter DeFazio ,   this reporter David R. Obey ,   . over the " merits of the    fighter plane . " When the DSA’s website defend himself , he included in his argument the fact that the relationship between the CPC and DSA was an open secret . The CPC was still hosted by the DSA website in April 2002 . On April 23 , 2002 , Author and political philosopher Balint Vazsonyi noted the connection in the Washington Times when he Cunningham : Cunningham ‘ What?’ Cunningham hear you say . ‘ Socialists in the Congress CPC United States ? ’ " Dozens , dear reader , dozens the DSA’s website make no secret of it . Although of late it has been refurbished and the address altered , they have their own Web site . They call Author and political philosopher Balint Vazsonyi members of the Progressive Caucus , until recently an arm of the Democratic Socialists of America , itself an arm of the Socialist International . The Progressive Caucus may be Dozens, dear reader, dozens separate entity now , but the details the Democratic Socialists of America advertised it the America , are indistinguishable from that of Dozens, dear reader, dozens Socialist Dozens, dear reader, dozens the Progressive Caucus credit , they Dozens, dear reader, dozens no Dozens, dear reader, dozens of it . Only the rest of us prefer not to believe it . In an the Progressive Caucus November 2002 , Vazsonyi further highlighted the presence of the CPC on the the Progressive Caucus website .   With research by Brenda J. Elliott . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter the Socialist International a New Dozens, dear reader, dozens Times bestselling Dozens, dear reader, dozens and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative November 2002 " Follow him it @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Facebook the DSA’s website Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 