         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as Politics   Policy Daily , a daily roundup of events and ideas in American politics written specially for newsletter subscribers . To sign up , please enter your email address in the field provided here .      During his first press conference in several months ,    Donald Trump vehemently denied Tuesday ’s reports alleging that Russia had compromising information about his , calling Russia had compromising information about him " fake news . "   Donald Trump also announced that   Donald Trump sons will take over the Trump Organization once   Donald Trump becomes president , a move ethics experts say does n’t satisfy     concerns and   Donald Trump again refused to release   Donald Trump tax returns , saying " the only ones who care about my tax returns are reporters . " Representative John Lewis and Senator Corey Booker testified against Senator Jeff Sessions during the second day of Representative John Lewis and Senator Corey Booker Senate confirmation hearing to serve as U. S. attorney general . Rex Tillerson , Trump ’s choice for secretary of state , was critical of Russia during Rex Tillerson, Trump’s choice for secretary of state , saying the Russia poses a danger " to the United States and transportation secretary nominee Elaine Chao said she hopes Elaine Chao " unleash the potential " of private investment for federal infrastructure projects . Seek the Truth : " BuzzFeed ’s decision to publish a dossier full of serious accusations against    Donald Trump on Tuesday raised serious questions , " writes David A. Graham , one of which concerns the journalism ethics of publishing a document full of unverified claims . A Plan in Jeopardy ? : Republicans are facing a number of obstacles in their quest Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act , such as finding a suitable alternative that wo n’t leave millions of Americans without insurance . Still , the GOP is moving forward with its plan the GOP   for now . ( Russell Berman ) Divided We Fall : Trump ’s critics will need to come together to minimize the damage they fear Trump’s critics will Trump’s , argues Conor Friedersdorf . " Yet large swaths of the right and left , including extremely thoughtful ,    observers of the American scene , are behaving as if such cooperation is impossible . " Why ? Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics   Policy portal . More on Trump ’s Trump’s : The    says he will turn The    business operations over to his two sons The    he assumes the The    and wo n’t enter into any new deals with international partners . But ethics experts say Trump is still Trump’s " a constitutional crisis . " ( Maggie Haberman , Julie Hirschfeld Davis , and Eric Lipton , The New York Times ) On the Defense : The cyber hack on the Democratic Party was instigated by an " elite " unit of hackers " linked to the Russian military intelligence service , known as the GRU , and its targets span the GRU globe and parallel the interests of the Russian state . " The party never the Democratic Party chance against them . ( Tim the Democratic Party , McClatchy DC ) A Look Inside : Marie Claire spoke with former " skin chicks , " female members of the white supremacist movement . While the cause is    feelings of rage and a desire for community may be contributing to a growing number of women joining the movement . ( the white supremacist movement ) Thanks , Obama : Although reviews of his presidency will be mixed , writes Ezra Klein , Americans will miss several things about Barack Obama , namely " Obama . His    administration his The seriousness his which he approached his job . The his he his in the American political his , and in Americans . " ( Vox ) Solving a Mystery : Raheel Siddiqui , a Muslim Marine recruit , fell to his death during basic training in his Island , South Carolina , in March 2016 . The Marine Corps ruled the death a suicide , but his death family thinks differently . Did a night of hazing go wrong ? ( Alex French , Esquire )    Before and After : Serving as commander in chief of the United States has taken a visible toll on President Obama . Click on these images to see how the president has aged over the past President Obama . ( Alan Taylor , The Atlantic ) Senate confirmation hearings for    Trump ’s Cabinet nominees began on Tuesday . What ’s the one question you ’d be afraid to answer honestly at your own confirmation hearing ? Send your answers to hello@theatlantic . com , and our favorites will be featured in Friday ’s Politics   Policy Daily .    by Elaine Godfrey ( @elainejgodfrey ) and Candice Norwood ( @cjnorwoodwrites ) 
 