’   ’ "    Hillary Clinton ’s performance in the first presidential debate    buoyed hopes of   Hillary Clinton’s victory in November , especially in Mexico ,    where   Hillary Clinton’s performance   and . " ’    But win or lose , there is still the potential for Donald Trump ,    who has made having Mexico pay for a wall on the southern border    a central campaign promise , to have a lasting impact on the    Mexican political landscape . ’ ’    The Republican candidate has already caused turmoil in the    sitting Mexican government . ’ "    In the wake of Trump ’s visit with current President Enrique Peña    Nieto in early September , Luis Videgaray , one of Peña Nieto ’s    closest advisers and reportedly the person who suggested Trump’s ’s    visit , . " ’    As Trump’s has tapped into a dissatisfaction with the political    status quo in the US , Peña Nieto’s stance toward Mexico appears to have    bolstered the position of a Mexican presidential candidate who    has the same . ’ "    Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , often referred to as AMLO , has twice    run for Mexico presidency , losing   in 2006 and again by   to Peña Nieto in 2012   —    and he Peña Nieto set       run again in 2018 . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Lopez Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador the big winner in the last election cycle ,       they    so much to gain , " David Shirk , a professor at    the University of San Diego , told Business Insider . " They    a    nonpresence , and they    were able to sap a whole bunch of       away from the PRD , and no other party made as large a    gain as in the election as Lopez Obrador . " ’ "    Peña Nieto ’s Institutional Revolutionary Party lost   it held " ’ "   Peña Nieto’s Institutional Revolutionary Party    into that election cycle , a defeat attributed to   the country ’s weak    economy    and   all of which have dogged the    party . " "    The shortcomings of the PRI and other mainstream parties , coupled    with Trump ’s incendiary rhetoric about Mexico , has burnished    AMLO ’s appeal as an outsider willing to challenge the status quo    and as a defender of Mexicans . " ’   ’ ’    " If Trump were Trump win the U. S. elections , Lopez Obrador would    have a field day , " Miami Herald columnist Andrés Oppenheimer     in June , after the PRI’ ’s electoral    drubbing . " Lopez Obrador ’s fiery speeches against Trump ’s      would rally many Mexicans behind him . Lopez Obrador ’ "    Recent presidential polls have found AMLO in contention in    Mexico ’s multiparty system . " ’    An early August poll by Mexican newspaper Reforma   at between 24 % and 29 %    comparable to the 24 % to 27 % support for Margarita Zavala of the    rightist National Action Party . ’ "    An August poll by Mexican newspaper Mexican Universal found him with a     rating , while another round of    polls that month   with 24 . 8 % to Zavala ’s 25 . 99 % " ’    A recent   found him trailing him by Zavala only 2 percentage points , and other surveys have put him in him    with as much as 28 %   to The Wall Street Journal . ’ "    If Trump were to take the White House in November and does n’t    moderate his tone Trump Mexico , chances are AMLO would benefit . " ’    " If the negative rhetoric on Mexico would Mexico after the US    election , it would the US   election bolster Andrés Manuel López    Obrador ’s competitiveness because he would Andrés Manuel López   Obrador’s framed as more    nationalistic and more capable candidate to really fight back    that negative rhetoric that has been taking place in the US the US    , " Carlos Petersen , Eurasia Group’ ’s Latin America    associate ,   in August . ’ ’   ’ "    Moreover , if Mexico ’s current government Mexico to be plagued    by corruption allegations and if   Mexico ’s established parties Mexico likely have more    trouble steering voters    from him . " ’    " In two years , if incumbents have n’t done more to address    Mexico ’s corruption and Mexico problems , it will be very hard    to scare people with the prospect of a Lopez Obrador victory , "    former US Ambassador    Mexico Tony Garza told Mexico    . ’ ’    " People will say , ’’ Are you telling me that I should be scared of    Lopez Obrador , when you have n’t done the things that you should    have been doing    years ? ’’ " ’ ’    Unlike Trump , AMLO has held public office but spent little time    in the private sector , but in other aspects , the two are fitting    counterparts . ’ ’    " I guess the main point of distinction that sets AMLO apart is    AMLO he is , in    ways he is like Trump    " said Trump , who is    also the director of USD’ ’s Justice in Mexico program . " He doesn’’t    play according to the traditional rules . He is his own He , He    his platform is really He him as much as He try to make it    seem otherwise . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s basically that [ AMLO ] is a maverick , " Shirk added , " and he    is going It’ stand up for the people and he’ ’s specifically going    to stand up    the poorest of the poor , and I think he would if       gets elected       ’ ’   ’ ’    Both have struck populist stances on economic issues . ’ "    While Trump has targeted NAFTA in his campaign ,   Trump   ( the most polarizing    of which opened the country ’s oil industry to private investment )    enacted under Peña Nieto , promising to reverse them . " " ’ "   While Trump has targeted NAFTA in his campaign,  against  (the most polarizing   of which And as Trump has been buffeted Trump reports of financial    impropriety and other misdeeds , AMLO has been accused of       dealings , most recently with reports finding he     his ownership AMLO two AMLO Mexico City apartments   —    nothing illegal , but a potential blow to    efforts to separate    from Mexico ’s    . " ’    And like Trump , AMLO is competing to lead a country where    economic fortune has divergent for people at the top and the    bottom . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    While AMLO may be trying AMLO play to a broader constituency   —      striking a more conciliatory tone in late summer , seeking out    alliances with other parts of Mexico ’s political left and easing    his stance on       Peña Nieto ’s reforms , as Carin Zissis of    the Americas    of the Americas    —    there are reasons to    doubt he would    in    presidential election that is still    more than a year away . " ’    ’ ’    " Whoever is against Peña has a chance now , " Rios told Business    Insider . " That is AMLO but also PAN and everybody . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Lopez Obrador is necessarily limited to a very specific segment    of the electorate , and I don’’t know that Lopez Obrador will ever Lopez Obrador able to pull more than . .. 30 % of the vote , " Shirk told    Business Insider . ’ "    Some of AMLO ’s positions could turn off parts of Mexico    electorate . He has   the importance Lopez Obrador issues like    legalizing abortion and gay marriage and spoken of   for those implicated in    corruption . " ’    " With respect to AMLO I would only AMLO he does not represent AMLO    progressive , smart left but an authoritarian , old one , " Rios    argued . Rios His platform does not AMLO younger , more creative ,    educated and innovative Mexican voters , " Rios said . ’ Rios    " I think we definitely see a Peña Nieto slump due to Trump , " Trump Shirk said , " but Shirk Shirk Trump slump doesn’’t necessarily    translate into a AMLO Trump bump . " AMLO 