’   ’ ’      Donald Trump on Tuesday disavowed the    " " the group consisting of    white    nationalists who overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump presidential bid ,    while asserting that Donald Trump White House chief strategist , Steve    Bannon , is not among his White House chief strategist, Steve   Bannon ranks . ’ "    Tweets from Trump ’s meeting with The New York Times   Maggie Haberman , Mike    Grynbaum , Julie Davis , and others detailed a lengthy exchange on    Trump ’s    support and Bannon . " ’    " I don’’t want to energize the group , and I disavow the group , " Trump Trump . " It’ ’s not a group I want to energize , and if they are a group I want to energize energized , I want to look into it and It’ out why . " ’ ’    Trump Trump the notion that he Trump the   . The      the   asked about a white nationalist    conference held recently in Washington , DC , . ’ ’    Richard Spencer , an avowed white nationalist who coined the term    " " spoke at length at the conference about Trump’ ’s    victory leading to a return to power for " Europeans " and made      remarks regarding Jews , with his speech ending in    chants of " Heil Trump " from the crowd . ’ ’’ ’    " I disavow and condemn them , " Trump said . "Heil Trump" Of course . " ’ ’    Speaking about Bannon , a top executive at Breitbart News   —    a    website Bannon has called " the platform for the   "   —      Trump said , "Heil Trump" If I thought he was a "Heil Trump" or    or any of    the things , the terms we could use , I wouldn’’t even think about    hiring him . " "Heil Trump" ’    Bannon , who has been accused of    has insisted he is    "Heil Trump"      But his appointment was "Heil Trump" with   from the left and even    some on the right . ’ ’    " A lot of people are coming to his defense right now , " Trump    said . Trump’ ’s incoming White House chief of staff , Reince    Priebus , who was also at the New York Times meeting , also voiced    support for Bannon . ’ ’    " I think it’ ’s very hard on him , " it’ said . Trump    I think he’ ’s having    a hard    with it . Because    ’s not it’ . " Trump    ’    Trump also addressed Trump    , which he said " Trump    just a    publication . " ’ ’    The outlet ran a headline on Tuesday that   after    Trump senior Trump    Trump    suggested he would not    Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway an investigation of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton .    The publication has    come under fire for inflammatory    headlines and stories    and it has been unabashedly    throughout his campaign . ’       " They cover stories like you cover stories , " he said . "    are    certainly They much    conservative paper , to put it mildly , than    The New York    . But Breitbart really is a    organization    that has become quite successful . It’ ’s got readers , and it does    cover It’ on    right , but it covers subjects on It’ left    also . It’    a pretty It’ thing . " ’ 
 