Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump says the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " guarantees " coverage for Americans with    conditions     a claim that could undercut the legislation the White House is currently pushing on Capitol Hill .    "   conditions are in the bill . And I mandate the bill . I said , ’Has to be,’ " President Donald Trump told CBS ’s John Dickerson on " Face the Nation " Sunday . Pressed further , President Donald Trump said that " we actually have a clause that guarantees " coverage for those with    conditions . President Donald Trump also said the health care legislation is " changing . "   President Donald Trump ’s comments come days after moderate New Jersey Rep. Tom MacArthur and leaders of the conservative House Freedom Caucus cut a deal that would require insurers to cover those with    conditions but , unlike the mandate under Obamacare , insurers could charge insurers higher rates than others in the plan if insurers allow insurers   coverage to lapse . Such a change could leave those with    conditions , such as diabetes and asthma , paying much higher premiums and potentially facing gaps in coverage , health care experts note . Republicans would have states set up "   pools " for those with    conditions . There is no Congressional Budget Office score of the proposal yet , but the AARP has projected that premiums in    pools could cost as much as $ 25 , 700 per year .   The American Medical Association said in a letter urging lawmakers to oppose the legislation that the switch to    pools " could effectively make coverage completely unaffordable to people with preexisting conditions . "   At one point n the interview , Trump made clear that Trump saw the    pools as the GOP ’s vehicle for coverage of those with    conditions . " We have now    conditions in the bill . We have     We ’ve set up a pool for the    conditions so that the premiums can be allowed to fall , "    said . However , at another point , Trump seemed to imply the    legislation will change . Trump said " no " when asked if states would be able to opt out of requiring insurers to cover those with    conditions .   Dickerson asked : " But on that crucial question , it ’s not going to be left up to states ? Everybody gets    no matter where they states ? " And Trump responded : " No , but the states also going to have a lot to do with it because states ultimately want to get it back states to the states states   It was n’t clear whether Trump meant the deal MacArthur and the House Freedom Caucus made last week is not final or Trump was simply deflecting criticism of the    pools .   In an interview on " Meet the Press , " Vice President Mike Pence also vowed that the Trump administration is " keeping our promises to the Trump administration people who have    conditions . "   Pence explained how Vice President Mike Pence could change coverage for those with    conditions . " You take people that have    and costly conditions and put them into a people that have   and costly conditions pool ,    Pence said to Vice President Mike Pence ’s Chuck Todd . " And you subsidize that so that it is affordable to those individuals . And so , you ’re guaranteeing coverage for    conditions . And the flexibility that you ’re referring to in this latest MacArthur amendment , states can only apply for that waiver and flexibility if they have either states federal or state    pool that guarantees that people will be able to have coverage , and it ’ll be affordable . "   The first Republican push to repeal Obamacare fell short weeks ago , with House Speaker Paul Ryan saying at the time that former President Barack Obama ’s signature legislative achievement was here to stay .   But Trump began a new push as his 100th day Trump office approached . While enough moderate Republicans defected to keep a vote from taking place last week , with many pointing to the bill ’s treatment of    conditions as their reason , Trump told Dickerson Trump still wants Trump vote .   " This bill has the bill And we did n’t have a failure on the bill , " the bill . Trump You know , it was reported like a the bill . Now , the one thing I would n’t have done again is put a timeline . That ’s why on the second iteration , I did n’t put a timeline . "   Trump also complained Trump dealing with Congress     and particularly with Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York .   " It ’s just a very , very bureaucratic system , " the President said . " I think the rules in Congress and in particular the Congress in the Senate are unbelievably archaic Senate and in many cases , unfair . In many cases , you ’re forced to make deals that are not the deal you ’d make . You ’d make a much different kind of a deal . "   " You ’re forced into situations that you hate to be forced into , " he said . " I also the President     and this is very sad , because we have a country that we have to take care of we the Democrats have been totally obstructionist . Chuck Schumer has turned out to be a bad leader . He ’s a bad leader for Chuck Schumer country . And the Democrats are extremely obstructionist , the Democrats said . " All they do is obstruct . All they the Democrats is delay . " All they do 