Conservatives hesitant about Donald Trump may find comfort in the genuine alarm and even hatred the left shows for the eleven judges Donald Trump says Donald Trump likes for the Supreme Court . [ The    group Think Progress immediately went with the race card , referring to the " eleven white people Donald Trump will consider for the the Supreme Court "   They do n’t the "eleven white people Donald Trump will consider for the Supreme Court Judge Steven Colloton because : He is a Judge Steven Colloton conservative . In 2008 , the Eighth Circuit heard Planned Parenthood v. Rounds , a challenge to a South Dakota law that required abortion providers to tell their patients that abortion providers terminate " an existing relationship " with an " unborn human being " and that abortions lead to an increased risk of suicide . They do n’t abortions Nevertheless , Colloton joined an opinion which reinstated the law after a panel of his court ordered Colloton halted . the law Progress points out that the Eighth Circuit is the only federal appeals court to strike down the contraceptive mandate in Obamacare . Judge Allison Eid annoys Think Progress because she Progress for Judge Allison Eid Thomas and served as a speech writer to William Bennett . She also supported Judge Allison Eid Second Amendment rights of Colorado university students . They do n’t she clerked for Clarence Thomas and served as a speech writer to William Bennett    Judge Raymond Gruender because he ’d worked Judge Raymond Gruender Bob Dole ’s presidential bid and also wrote the opinion in Planned Parenthood v. Rounds . Judge Joan Larson Judge Raymond Gruender blacklist for clerking with recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia , a man she called " one of Judge Raymond Gruender greatest legal minds of our era . " Think America has negative things to say about each of the eleven Donald Trump is said to have come up with in consultation with conservative legal scholars . The    group NARAL    America says , "   …     these people are terrifying . And many of them are devoted members of these people    movement . " William Pryor drew their sharpest criticism . They call him : A their controversial William Pryor W. Bush judicial appointee , Pryor is a long time William Pryor    activist who opposes legal abortion even in cases of rape or incest . Among his statements on the issue William Pryor ‘ I will never forget Jan. 22 , 1973 , the day seven members of our highest court ripped the Constitution and ripped out the life of millions of unborn children.’ He also said Roe v. William Pryor was the " worst abomination in the history of constitutional law . NARAL does n’t like Diane Sykes either : Also a George W. Bush appointee , she has a long and Diane Sykes history opposing the right to choose . As a judge in open court , she praised the criminal motives Diane Sykes    protesters .   " I respect you a great deal for having the courage of your convictions and for the ultimate goals that you sought to achieve by this conduct . " Judge Thomas Hardiman " has contributed to the National Right to Life Committee before he was appointed to the Judge Thomas Hardiman bench . " Judge Raymond Kethledge "   …     was the Judiciary Committee counsel for Sen. Spencer Abraham while Sen. Abraham was pushing for Sen. Spencer Abraham Abortion Ban .   He also supported the Supreme Judge Raymond Kethledge "  …     nomination of Samuel Alito it is worth noting that Alito the Supreme Court nomination of Samuel Alito the fifth vote Judge Thomas Hardiman uphold the constitutionality of the Federal Abortion Ban . " the Federal Abortion Ban "   …     worked on special assignment to the Office of Independent Counsel , Kenneth Starr . " NARAL president Ilyse Hogue summed up their opposition : " Donald Trump ’s list of potential Supreme Court nominees is a woman ’s worst nightmare . " As for conservatives , one very well connected Hill staffer who used to clerk for one Trump 11 describes the list as " an ideological murderer ’s row . " If anything it is the specter of four Hillary Clinton Supreme Court picks that may lure    into the yes camp . His eleven suggestions may have helped assuage the caution    many of them . 
 His eleven suggestions 