Washington ( CNN ) Senior US administration officials said revelations that rocked the White House this week have not hurt President Donald Trump ’s credibility overseas . " People in the rest of the world do not have the time to pay attention to what is happening domestically here , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Thursday after    meetings with Mexican officials about how to combat international drug cartels . Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , at the State Department for the meeting , said Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly often deals with foreign counterparts and feels " no effect from when the President is taken to task by the press for something Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly may or may not have said , and certainly something Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly may or may not have meant . "   Trump is set to leave Friday on an    trip to Saudi Arabia , Israel , Italy and Belgium , a trip that has now become a    test for the besieged White House .   Kelly and Tillerson spoke to reporters after meeting with Kelly and Tillerson Mexican counterparts to discuss fighting cross border drug traffic that yields billions of dollars in revenue for criminal cartels . meeting with their Mexican counterparts to discuss fighting cross border drug traffic that yields billions of dollars in revenue for criminal cartels came as the administration notified Congress that it meeting with their Mexican counterparts to discuss fighting cross border drug traffic that yields billions of dollars in revenue for criminal cartels started a    countdown to renegotiate NAFTA , the 1994 trade pact between the US , Mexico and Canada . Ready to rework NAFTA , As a candidate , Trump had insisted on the need to ditch NAFTA , shut down immigration from Mexico Mexico build a border wall , statements that inflamed tensions between the US and its Trump neighbor . On Thursday , Kelly Kelly the close relationship between their countries and their readiness to rework the trade Kelly .   Kelly Mexico welcomes this development , we are prepared , we are ready , " Videgaray said , calling we    of NAFTA a Kelly significant net positive for the    relationship . "   Kelly said , " Our working relationship is vitally important and it is we very , very good one . " The officials spoke a day before Trump leaves for his first international trip . The president is packing Trump bags after a punishing 10 days that have The president a shadow over the White House , including the appointment of a special counsel to investigate possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the election .   Trump week began with former acting Attorney General Sally Yates testifying under oath on May 8 that the White House waited 18 days to fire former the White House Michael Flynn after learning he was vulnerable to Russian blackmail . A rocky 10 days former national security adviser Michael Flynn In the days that followed , Trump fired FBI Director James Comey , admitted in an NBC interview that he did so with the Russia probe in mind , and Trump to threaten Comey on Twitter with the prospect that he had tapes of FBI Director James Comey conversations .   This was before FBI Director James Comey revealed that Trump apparently pushed Comey to drop his investigation into Flynn     which critics have FBI Director James Comey as an FBI Director James Comey to obstruct justice     and before news broke that the President had apparently revealed classified information to Russian officials .   Tillerson said Thursday the world at large is n’t obsessed with the US drama , but is instead " more concerned about what they see happening in the relationship with their country and what we are bringing to address these very they challenges that are affecting all of us . "   Terrorism tops that list , Tillerson said we He said that after a period of what Tillerson seen as Tillerson neglect to outright dismissal of their concerns " during the Obama administration , foreign leaders are " ready for    with America . "   " And so I think there is a great anticipation of the President ’s trip as to what could be accomplished , " Tillerson said . 
 Tillerson 