  ( CNN ) Donald Trump not only knows nothing about national security , Donald Trump does n’t care to know . And for anyone in any doubt , let your eyes wander over to a    interview with the New York Times . Timed to provide more depth about the candidate on the morning of Donald Trump acceptance speech at the GOP convention , Donald Trump various pronouncements have caused a firestorm at home and abroad . Over almost an hour , the GOP GOP repudiated NATO treaty obligations , suggesting he Donald Trump not come to the aid of an ally under attack before weighing whether those countries " have fulfilled their those countries to us . " And in yet another in his Donald Trump ’s series of nods to Russian    Vladimir Putin , Trump explained that Putin Russian   Vladimir Putin " been complimentary of me . I think Putin Russian   Vladimir Putin I will get along very well . " Ditto for Turkish strongman Recep Tayyip Erdogan , now in the process of arresting tens of thousands of Turks in a Stalinesque purge following last week ’s coup attempt . Troops in South Korea ? Trump thinks they Troops in South Korea wasting space .   NAFTA ? He Trump " pull out . .. in a split second . " The truth is that for those in the national security firmament who support him Trump Trump Trump is not in a set of proactive solutions , it is in not being Hillary . Similarly , his newly minted running mate , Gov. Mike Pence , while known as a hawk with a generous dose of compassionate conservatism ( think PEPFAR , the HIV prevention and treatment program he supported his a congressman ) has never made foreign policy his signature his . ( Worse yet , poor Pence will face the challenge of worrying his putative his will contradict every serious pronouncement on foreign policy unless it parrots his own his style . )   And there ’s more trouble : Trump is consistent only in his inconsistency Trump national security issues . He has Trump Clinton for her vote Clinton approve the Iraq War , but has indicated he is Trump by Pence ’s identical vote ( not to speak of his own Trump support for that war the Iraq War He has Trump for pulling out of NATO , but demanded NATO do more NATO including join his " Trump " fight against terrorism . He has Trump called for a ban on Muslim immigration , but wants Muslim nations to do more to fight ISIS .   And then there ’s his counter Trump strategy : ISIS unbelievable " intelligence " very few troops " we are going to " wipe out ISIS " which , by the way , " Hillary Clinton invented . " Huh ? President Barack Obama has bequeathed to his successor a President Barack Obama at war with itself , involved in three      wars abroad , unprecedentedly terrible relations with key allies , and problems so diverse and so thorny they will likely key allies the next few presidents .   In politics , this is what should be called an opportunity for the other party . But instead , prominent Republican national security leaders     people like Marco Rubio , John McCain , Bob Corker     are largely steering clear of the candidate and the convention . And others , like Tom Cotton , who is attending , are engaging in somersaults to align some     and only some     of their views with Tom Cotton, who is attending likely nominee . ( And this did n’t stop Cotton telling the Washington Post on the eve of his appearance at the convention that the convention surrogate for no man . ") It has been said many times that the measure of a leader is not in his embrace of the a leader , but his vision for the a leader ’s role in the world . For Republicans , that means that wonks like Richard Nixon and    like George W. Bush have shared a sense of their country ’s place wonks like Richard Nixon and   like George W. Bush history . Donald Trump , for his part , seems Donald Trump to have a strong sense of his own place at Donald Trump center of the universe . He insists , like Donald Trump isolationists of yore , that he will put America Donald Trump but the policy implications of that impulse     xenophobia , bigotry , hostility to trade and markets     have only a terrible historical analog . Surely Trump can not seek to bring back the Depression and the 1930s ? Join us on Facebook . . For many of us who would indeed like to make America great again , America has become clear America the route to achieving that greatness will not be through Cleveland , or the 2016 GOP . The Republican Party has an auspicious history , and much to be proud of : The end of slavery , the end of the Cold War , a pride in America that has been America .   But this year , the GOP convention has been GOP disappointing as the campaign thus far : A reminder that in an increasingly perilous world , GOP voters are set GOP a reality TV host whose appeal lies in his nativism , brash GOP unapologetic ignorance and the irrefutable fact that he is not Hillary GOP . 
 