WASHINGTON   —    When President Trump chose the Oklahoma attorney general , Scott Pruitt , to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , President Trump mission was clear : Carry out President Trump campaign vows to radically reduce the size and scope of the agency the Environmental Protection Agency apart President Barack Obama ’s ambitious climate change policies . In his first President Trump on the job , Mr. Pruitt President Trump praise from foes of Mr. Obama ’s agenda President Barack Obama’s warming , as he moved to President Trump back its centerpiece , known the Environmental Protection Agency the Clean Power Plan , and expressed agreement with those who said the E. P. A. should be eliminated . His actions and President Trump have galvanized protests from environmentalists and others on the left . But now a growing chorus of critics on the other end of the political spectrum say Mr. Pruitt has President Trump far enough . In particular , they are angry that he has His actions and statements to President Trump a landmark agency determination known as the endangerment finding , which provides the legal basis for Mr. Obama ’s Clean Power Plan and other global warming policies . These critics say that Mr. Pruitt is hacking President Trump the branches of current climate policy . They want him to pull it out These critics the roots . " The endangerment finding must be redone , or all of this is for naught , " said Steven J. Milloy , who runs a website , JunkScience . com , aimed at debunking the established science of    climate change , and who worked on the Trump administration ’s E. P. A. transition team . " If you get rid of the endangerment finding , the rest of The endangerment finding just sweep themselves away . But if they do n’t get rid of it , the themselves can sue , and then there ’s going to have to be a Trump Clean Power Plan , " said Mr. Milloy , who is also a former policy director for Murray Energy , a major coal company whose chief executive , Robert E. Murray , was a backer of Mr. Trump ’s campaign and his push to undo climate change policy . The Mr. Trump’s legal finding is at the heart of a debate within the Trump administration over how to permanently reverse Mr. Obama ’s climate change rules . The finding concludes that carbon dioxide emissions endanger public The 2009 legal finding welfare by warming the planet , which led to a legal requirement that the E. P. A. regulate smokestacks and tailpipes that spew    pollution . Thus , climate policy experts on both sides of the debate say , even if Mr. Pruitt succeeds in the legally challenging process of withdrawing the Clean Power Plan , the endangerment finding will still put him under the legal obligation to put together a replacement Mr. Pruitt . Mr. Pruitt has told the White House and Congress that Mr. Pruitt not try to reverse the finding , saying that Mr. Pruitt a move would almost certainly the endangerment finding by the courts . Last month , as Mr. Trump prepared to release an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to dismantle the Clean Power Plan , along with Mr. Pruitt other major element of Mr. Obama ’s climate change legacy , Mr. Pruitt argued against including a repeal of the endangerment finding in Mr. Pruitt , according to people familiar with the matter . Legal experts outside the Trump White House say that while Mr. Pruitt may face political fire on his right flank for the move Mr. Pruitt is nonetheless pragmatic legally , since Mr. Pruitt finding has already been challenged and upheld by federal courts . But Mr. Pruitt is now being pilloried by conservative allies of the White House . Mr. Pruitt Breitbart News   —    the conservative website formerly run the Trump White House ’s senior strategist , Stephen K. Bannon   —    James Delingpole , a writer who is close to Mr. Bannon , said that if Mr. Pruitt refused to undo the endangerment finding , " it will represent a major Mr. Pruitt President Trump ’s war with the Climate Industrial Complex . " " the endangerment finding Scott Pruitt is not up to that task , then maybe it ’s about time he Mr. Pruitt decent thing and handed over the reins to someone who is , " Scott Pruitt is not up to that task Mr. Pruitt . Legal experts say they can see why opponents of climate change policy want to Mr. Pruitt after the endangerment finding   —    as Legal experts as it remains in place , any efforts to undo climate regulations can always be reversed . " As a matter the endangerment finding   theory , they ’re absolutely right , " said Richard J. Lazarus , a professor of environmental law at Harvard . " If you want to get rid of Mr. Lazarus not just the branches . They want him to uproot the whole thing . " But , Mr. Lazarus added , " as a matter of legal strategy , it makes little sense , because not just the branches endangerment Mr. Lazarus is very strong . " The original recommendation to make an endangerment finding on carbon dioxide emissions was made by Stephen L. Johnson , a career scientist who led the E. P. A. under President George W. Bush , although the Bush White House did not act on Mr. Johnson ’s memo . After the Obama administration did so , the finding was legally challenged but upheld in a federal court . The Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal . Mr. Lazarus said that Mr. Pruitt would have his the endangerment finding with the legal challenges of undoing the The Supreme Court Taking on the endangerment finding would probably be futile , he said . " He does n’t want to spend Mr. Pruitt lot of time with something that ’s a sure loser the regulations " the endangerment finding " It wrecks your credibility with the courts . Mr. Lazarus Mr. Pruitt has Mr. Lazarus long history of championing legal efforts to undermine major environmental rules . As Oklahoma ’s attorney general , Mr. Lazarus sued the E. P. A. 14 times in efforts to undo regulations Mr. Pruitt believes in stripping power away from the federal government and returning it to states . But during his Senate confirmation hearing Mr. Pruitt he told senators that despite that , he was likely to draw the Mr. Pruitt at trying to overturn the endangerment finding . " It is there , and it needs to Mr. Pruitt enforced and respected , Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt said . " There Mr. Pruitt nothing that I know that would cause it to be reviewed . " 
 Mr. Pruitt It It 