Nine chairmen in the United States House of Representatives are putting Nine chairmen in the United States House of Representatives support behind Donald Trump . [ Donald Trump announced the endorsement on Facebook , listing the members who support Donald Trump for president :   Steve Chabot ( Small Business ) Michael Conaway ( Agriculture ) Jeb Hensarling ( Financial Services ) Candice Miller ( House Administration ) Jeff Miller ( Veterans’ Affairs ) Tom Price ( Budget ) Pete Sessions ( Rules ) Bill Shuster ( Transportation and Infrastructure ) and Lamar Smith ( Science , Space and Technology ) . " Bill Shuster (Transportation and Infrastructure) and Lamar Smith (Science, Space and Technology) stand on the precipice of one of the most important elections of Bill Shuster (Transportation and Infrastructure) and Lamar Smith (Science, Space and Technology) lifetime . Bill Shuster (Transportation and Infrastructure) and Lamar Smith (Science, Space and Technology) can not endure eight more years of    of the White House , " the chairmen wrote in a statement of their endorsement the chairmen " It can not afford to put Democrats in charge of Congress . It is It that we coalesce around the Republican nominee , Mr. Donald J. Trump , and maintain control of both the U. S. House of Representatives and the U. S. Senate . " The statement went on : Any other outcome is a danger to economic growth , puts our national security in peril , enshrines ObamaCare as the law of the land , entraps Americans in a cycle of poverty and dependence , and undermines our constitutional republic . There is a path to winning in November , and it comes a path to winning in November unity . To solidify this partnership , we endorse Mr. Trump as the Republican nominee for President and call upon all Americans to support him . Mr. Trump responded Mr. Trump the endorsement , saying , " It is tremendous to be working with these leaders and their colleagues Mr. Trump winning solutions that will really move us forward . A strong House Republican Majority is imperative to fixing the problems facing America and making our country America stronger than ever before . " The endorsement the endorsement Trump met Mr. Trump Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , along with other GOP leaders , on Capitol Hill on Thursday . 
 