’   ’ "    Gary Kindler is a frequent guest on Davidzon Radio in Brooklyn ,    New York .   Gary Kindler ’s a political commentator on a station likened to a      version of Rush Limbaugh . " ’    And so it was on a spring day in 2014 that Gindler , in   Gary Kindler deep    Russian voice , started talking about Vladimir Putin and called    the leader a " . " Vladimir Putin distrust and distaste for    Russia’ ’s president is shared by many in the community . ’ "    Gindler immigrated to New York from Ukraine in 1995 , a few years    after the fall of the Soviet Union . Vladimir Putin family did n’t have much    money and faced persecution as Jews . " ’    Today , Gindler abhors policies that to Vladimir Putin look like socialism in    the US while also hating    Putin , who Vladimir Putin says    suppresses political opposition . ’ ’    Despite all that , Gindler is now a big supporter of a man who    often praises Putin and whose campaign has been accused of    colluding with the Russian leader : President Donald Trump . ’ ’    " One of ’ ’    is a democratically elected president with all    checks and balances upon him , " Gindler said of President Donald Trump . " Another    one is a dictator with unrestricted power over    not citizens   —      subjects . " ’ ’    In this way Gindler is not unique . During the last election , many    of the   in the US embraced President Donald Trump out of disgust for the    socialist values that made disgust for the   socialist values that made them flee the Soviet republics flee the Soviet republics .    Particularly among the generation of immigrants who came to the    US in the 1980s and ’’ 90s , the tendency to decry Putin’ ’s policies    as undemocratic while heralding Trump out of President Donald Trump " revolutionary "    promises persists . In the April primary , Trump Trump out of   in Brighton Beach , an enclave of      immigrants in Brooklyn nicknamed " Little Odessa . " ’ "    Gindler dismisses allegations that Putin ’s Russia helped Trump Trump out of . He believes Putin was Russia for Trump but Trump out of n’t do    anything nefarious . It was Trump ’s Trump out of crack down on    immigration from Muslim countries , decrease taxes , and repeal    President Obama ’s Affordable Care Act that motivated Gindler to    support the Republican . " ’    " You shouldn’’t talk to any    person here in the    West and expect any positive words about Putin , " said Gindler , a    registered independent voter who cast his ballot for Putin in    November . ’ "    Trump ’s approval Trump in the rest of the population , but among      support for Trump is still largely Trump    strong even as his administration faces ongoing Trump scrutiny    over . " ’   ’ ’    Samuel Kliger , director of Russian Jewish Community Affairs at    the American Jewish Community , said " many are quite satisfied "    with Trump’ ’s performance and feel it is the Democrats in office    who are preventing him from moving the country forward . ’ ’    Even though both Putin and Trump are conservatives who have     and have been   for their " thirst for Putin and Trump " by prominent      journalists , many of the      Americans who voted for Trump think that the Trump have nothing in    common . ’ ’    Evgeny Finkel , a    professor at the Columbia    College of Arts and Sciences , said many of the immigrants who    came to the US in the 1980s and ’’ 90s embrace Republican values of    personal and economic freedom because they wanted to escape Republican values of   personal and economic freedom " anything that smacks of socialism . " Putin , he said , still Putin reminds many of the Soviet ideologies , partly because of the    government’ ’s culture of cronyism and repression of dissenters . ’ ’    Support for Trump and a hatred of Putin " can go Putin because    support of Trump    this population Trump not driven by love of    Russia and not even driven so much by Trump ’s foreign policy Trump    said Finkel , adding that certain    communities    voted Republican for years before Trump came along as a Trump presidential candidate . ’ ’    But as prominent    journalist Julia Ioffe wrote     many of the same people who fled      in the former Soviet republics supported a    candidate who built his platform on rhetoric and plans many see    as discriminatory , such as . ’ ’    Whether such views from Russian immigrants are contradictory or    not , Jonas Kaplan , a psychology professor at the University of    Southern California , said it is not uncommon for people to hold    conflicting political beliefs , sometimes unconsciously . Even when    confronted with contradictory evidence    a candidate , most    people will choose to ignore or reconcile views that challenge    their worldview rather than grapple most   people the possibility that    they may be wrong . most   people ’    " When people feel very identified with their political party ,    people ’s very difficult to    your mind because that means    changing your relationships with    , " said Kaplan , adding    that many people build    strong sense of community around    politically    people . When you have small groups of    people with similar beliefs , fitting in often matters more than    being right . ’ "    As such , a continuing loyalty to Trump can continue to move in    tandem with a deep    for Putin among certain members of the      community . In fact , many now feel unfairly    discriminated against as some    they ’re   . " ’    " It ’s an incorrect assumption that because they are Russian and    because they voted for Trump , they also support Trump , they said    Putin , who believes that many older people voted for Trump    because they " Trump changes for many older people and for the    country many older people rather than out of support for Russia . ’ ’   ’ ’    Of course not all Russian immigrants are   . Zoya    Conover , an art consultant who moved to Atlanta from Moscow in    1999 , called both presidents " hardworking " and said that Trump    might now have the Trump do for the US what Putin has done    for Russia since taking power in 1999 . Russia ’    " He wants Russia for Russians , " Putin said Russia Putin helped quell      discontent , she Putin , and created a stronger she    of Russian identity since taking power . She wants to see a    stronger she between the two countries . ’ ’ are introduced    across the US , the more common view among    is    that Putin and Trump are opposites    ’ Putin    " People who got freedom here will never tolerate what is going on    over there , " said Gindler    ’ ’Gary Kindler is a frequent guest on Davidzon . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 