PALO ALTO , Calif.   —    After years of scorning the political process , Silicon Valley has leapt into the fray . The prospect of a President Donald J. Trump is pushing the tech community to move beyond the tech community traditional role as donors and to embrace a new existence as agitators and activists . A distinguished venture capital firm emblazoned on Silicon Valley corporate home page an earthy    epithet . One prominent tech chieftain says the consequences of a President Donald J. Trump election would " range between disastrous and terrible . " Another compares him to a dictator . And nearly 150 tech leaders signed an open letter decrying Mr. Trump and his campaign him " anger " and " bigotry . " Not quite all the action is   . Peter Thiel Mr. Thiel at the Republican convention in July . The New York Times reported on Saturday that Mr. Thiel is giving $ 1 . 25 million to support Mr. Trump ’s candidacy even as other supporters flee . ( He also recently gave $ 1 million to a " super PAC " that supports Senator Rob Portman Mr. Thiel the Republican freshman running for    in Ohio . ) Getting involved in politics used to be seen as clashing with Silicon Valley ’s value system : You transform the world by making problems obsolete , not solving them through Washington . Nor did entrepreneurs want to alienate whatever segment of customers did not agree with the world politically . Such reticence is no longer in style here . " We ’re a bunch of entrepreneurs not used to having a lot of limelight , " said Dave McClure , an investor who runs a tech incubator called 500 Startups . " But to quote Mr. McClure grew worried after the Republican and Democratic conventions as Mr. Trump began to catch up to Hillary Clinton in the polls . He wanted Silicon Valley to do more , and so late last month he announced Nerdz4Hillary , an informal    effort . An initial group of donors pledged $ 50 Mr. McClure 000 the goal was to ask the " nerdz " for small Mr. McClure to match that sum . They have not come through yet . " We ’re kind of optimistic we ’ll get the other $ 50 , 000 in a few weeks , " Mr. McClure An initial group of donors . That relatively slow pace reflects Silicon Valley ’s shifting position : We as it becomes increasingly free with its opinions , it has been less free with its checkbook . The most recent data , Silicon Valley shows Mrs. Clinton taking in $ 7 Silicon Valley 7 million from the Silicon Valley community , Silicon Valley to Crowdpac , a    Silicon Valley tracks donations . By that point in 2012 , Crowdpac says , President Obama had raised $ 21 million from entrepreneurs and venture capitalists . Reid Hoffman , the billionaire    of the business networking site LinkedIn , offers a snapshot of Silicon Valley ’s evolving approach to politics . Mr. Hoffman was a top Obama donor , Mr. Hoffman something several of his peers did as well . Last month , Mr. Hoffman garnered worldwide publicity for President Obama he would donate up to $ 5 million to veterans’ groups if Mr. Trump released his taxes , a remote possibility that never came to pass . He Mr. Hoffman castigated Mr. Trump in interviews , saying he Mr. Hoffman for those who were afraid . Mr. Hoffman Hoffman ’s outright donations , however , have been smaller this election cycle . Mr. Hoffman May , he gave $ 400 , 000 to the Hillary Mr. Hoffman Fund . Mr. Trump there was more recent Mr. Hoffman that had not shown up in federal election Mr. Hoffman Mr. Hoffman cryptically responded in an email , " Looking at some PACs , etc . " Mr. Hoffman declined several opportunities to elaborate . Even as Priorities USA has raised $ 133 million this election cycle , far exceeding its total in 2012 , its tech Mr. Hoffman dwindled . The only familiar tech name this time around is John Doerr of the venture Mr. Hoffman firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield   Byers , who gave $ 500 , 000 . The AOL this election cycle said his September endorsement of Priorities USA Clinton , via an Priorities USA in The Washington Post , was the first time he ever publicly declared for a candidate . " I always focused on policy and avoided politics , " he said . " But if Trump were elected president , I The AOL   Steve Case be disappointed in myself for not acting . " When he wrote the    he was uncertain about The AOL   Steve Case money to Mrs. Clinton , saying only that it was " probable . " A spokeswoman said Sunday The AOL   Steve Case Mr. Case gave $ 25 , 000 to the Hillary Victory Fund . Mason Harrison The AOL   Steve Case Crowdpac ’s head of communications , The AOL   Steve Case a possible reason The AOL   Steve Case Mrs. Clinton ’s     support . " Donors give to support candidates they love , not to defeat candidates they fear , " he said . A few billionaires are acting instead of talking . Dustin Moskovitz , a founder of Facebook , said he was giving $ 20 million to various Democratic election efforts   —    the first time he Donors his wife , Cari Tuna , Donors endorsed a candidate Mrs. Clinton’s     He declined to be interviewed . Part of the problem for Mrs. Clinton is that , however preferable she may Dustin Moskovitz, a founder of Facebook to Mr. Trump in the tech community , she pales in comparison to President Obama . Dustin Moskovitz, a founder of Facebook some Dustin Moskovitz, a founder of Facebook misgivings , Silicon Valley found its champion in him . Dustin Moskovitz, a founder of Facebook has been a revolving door between tech and the Obama administration , just as previous Democratic administrations Mrs. Clinton a revolving door with Wall Street . In June , Mrs. Clinton Obama seemed to suggest that he might become a venture capitalist after his term ends Silicon Valley Mrs. Clinton is not as enthusiastic toward Silicon Valley and its disruptive ways . President Obama a speech in the summer of 2015 , she noted that    in the "   or    President Obama "   —    Uber President Obama Airbnb and their ilk   — President Obama were " unleashing innovation " but also " raising hard questions about workplace Silicon Valley and what a good job will look like in the future . Mrs. Clinton The Clinton campaign declined to comment . The Trump campaign did not respond to a query . Even as Silicon Valley works against Mr. Trump , there is quiet acknowledgment that his campaign has bared some important issues . In an endorsement this month of Mrs. Clinton , the venture capital firm Union Square Ventures pointed out that The Clinton campaign of technology and globalization have not been evenly distributed , " and that this needed Trump . If Silicon Valley ’s political The Clinton campaign Trump unusual election , the tech community may start contributing more to the process than commentary and cash . " Not only are tech people going to be wielding influence , but they ’re going to be the candidate , " Mr. McClure said . " Reid Hoffman , Sheryl Sandberg "   —    the chief operating officer of Facebook   —    " and a bunch of other folks here have political aspirations . " Others may be inspired to enter politics through other doors tech people Palmer Luckey is the     founder of the Oculus virtual reality company , which he sold to Facebook for $ 2 billion . Mr. Luckey donated $ 10 , 000 to a group dedicated to spreading     messages about Mrs. Clinton both online and off . The group ’s first billboard , said to be outside Pittsburgh , labeled her " Too Big to Jail . " Mr. Luckey Palmer Luckey The Daily Beast that his thinking " went Palmer Luckey lines of , ‘ Hey , I have a bunch of money . I would love to see more of this stuff a group dedicated to spreading    messages about Mrs. Clinton both online and off " He added , " I thought it sounded like a real Mrs. Clinton good time . " Many virtual Palmer Luckey were less happy , and Mr. Palmer Luckey quickly posted his regrets on Facebook . He declined to comment further . " If we ’re going to be more vocal , we ’ll have to live more transparently Palmer Luckey " said Hunter Walk , a venture capitalist whose campaign to persuade tech companies to give workers Election Day off signed up nearly 300 Palmer Luckey including Spotify , Palmer Luckey and TaskRabbit . " Palmer Luckey will be a period of adjustment . " But perhaps being vocal is a temporary condition we all . The venture firm CRV was in the spotlight at the end of August with its blunt    message , which included the earthy epithet . A few weeks later , it cleaned up its website . The partners went from employing a publicist to seek out attention to declining interviews . " We reached everyone we wanted to reach , and hopefully influenced opinions , " said Saar Gur , a CRV venture The venture firm CRV . " Then the buzz died down and we went back to our day jobs The venture firm CRV which are The venture firm CRV busy . " 
 The partners The partners The partners The partners 