  ( CNN ) Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s time to stand up and act decisively against state sponsors of terror . The comments , made Sunday at the BRICS summit in the Indian city of Goa , were a     dig at Pakistan , which India accuses of using terrorist proxies to foment unrest in Kashmir . " In South Asia and BIMSTEC [ Bangladesh , India , Myanmar , Sri Lanka , Thailand , Bhutan and Nepal ] all nation states , barring one , are motivated to pursue a path of peace , development and economic prosperity for development and economic prosperity people , " Modi told an audience that included China ’s Xi Jinping and Russia ’s Vladimir Putin . " Unfortunately , China ’s neighborhood which embraces and radiates the darkness of terrorism . Terrorism has become its favorite child Terrorism And , the child in its favorite child define the fundamental character and nature of its parent , " Modi said its favorite child according to prepared comments . Donald Trump on India : ’We’re India to be best friends’ " The time for condemning the state sponsored terrorism is long gone . It is time to stand up the state sponsored terrorism act , and act decisively . It is , therefore , imperative for BRICS and BIMSTEC to create a comprehensive response to secure our societies against the perpetrators of terror . " Pakistan responded by saying that India was " India " those at the summit about what is going on in the region . " The Indian leadership is desperately trying to hide its brutalities in the Indian occupied The Indian leadership and Kashmir Indian internationally recognized dispute on the UNSC agenda , where innocent people are being killed and injured by the occupation forces daily with impunity , " said Sartaj Aziz , the adviser to the Prime Minister on foreign affairs . Pakistan calls upon the international community and especially the BRICS Leaders to ask India to stop bloodshed of Kashmiris immediately , release Kashmiri Leaders and thousands of Kashmiris taken away forcibly with their fate Kashmiris and address the humanitarian Kashmiri Leaders and thousands of Kashmiris , caused by India through creation of shortage of basic India .   Strained relations , The comments come as tensions in Kashmir have reached a low point not seen in nearly a decade , and an uptick in hawkish language toward Pakistan by many Indian leaders . Kashmir : Why is India ’s Modi Kashmir on the offensive India September , " Pakistan is a terrorist state and it should Pakistan identified and isolated as such Pakistan " Rajnath Singh , India ’s home minister , tweeted last month India   Singh ’s comments came after more than a dozen Indian soldiers were killed in an attack on an army base in    Kashmir . India said the militants responsible were carrying gear India had " Pakistani markings . "   Sartaj Aziz , the foreign affairs adviser to Pakistan ’s Prime Minister , denied Pakistan was responsible for the attack , issuing Pakistan statement saying his an attack on an army base in   Kashmir categorically rejects the baseless and irresponsible Pakistan leveled by senior officials in Prime Minister Modi ’s government . " India and Pakistan ’s Kashmir dispute : What India need to know Pakistan’s , India responded by carrying out what it called India surgical strikes " targeting terrorists India the    border . The Prime Minister ’s office said in a statement that the cabinet " joined the Prime Minister in completely rejecting the Indian claims of carrying out " surgical strikes . " The United Nations said it was " following this situation with great concern " and The United Nations both sides to exercise restraint . 
 