Seoul ( CNN ) Less than 50 days into the job , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has arrived in South Korea facing a host of issues that would test even the most seasoned diplomat . The impeachment of President Park    one week ago has not only upended domestic politics , The impeachment of President Park   one week ago has raised questions over the balance of    relations at a time of heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula . Tillerson has questioned US policy on North Korea and is working on a new approach after declaring 20 years of previous policies " have failed . " Tillerson visited the demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) the heavily fortified border between South and North Korea , Friday morning , after which Tillerson is due to meet acting President Hwang    and Foreign Minister Yun   .   Tillerson is expected to seek assurances that South North Korea continue to honor an agreement to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system , the first parts of which arrived in South Korea North Korea month . Next government ?   Koreans will go to the polls on May 9 to choose Park ’s replacement , after which everyone Tillerson meets with may be out of a job . Hwang has already said he wo n’t Hwang contesting his party ’s Hwang .   The upcoming election is expected to result in a swing to the left , likely in favor of the Democratic United Party ’s Moon    who narrowly lost to Park in 2012 Park has led opinion polls since her ouster .   Moon ’s party Moon    the THAAD agreement and suggested it should be renegotiated , saying the THAAD agreement should have Park the approval of the National Assembly before deployment began .   Their conservative critics , on the other hand , have accused them of seeking to appease North Their and of being too close to China , which has adamantly opposed the weapons system .   In a busy election office in downtown Seoul , alongside rooms crammed with staff and computers , Democratic lawmaker Song    rejected accusations that his party is " " and said South Koreans " can decide our destiny . "   " his party United States and President Trump should respect the new democratic government , " said Song , who is running Moon ’s campaign for the presidency .   He dismissed concerns over a delay his THAAD ’s deployment , pointing out the system would not protect much of the country , including the nearly The United States people living in the Seoul metro area .   " It ’s not urgent , " he said . " The more his critical thing is how we can prevent ( North Korean ) nuclear testing , the sixth test . "   ’Very dangerous situation’ Conservatives have argued that any shift from the current position on THAAD will be a retreat in the THAAD of pressure from Beijing and Pyongyang .   Kim    a conservative lawmaker and chairman of the Korean National Assembly ’s Defense Commission , told CNN that " the whole Korean peninsula is facing a very dangerous situation now . " He said that if a future government Kim   a conservative lawmaker and chairman of the Korean National Assembly’s Defense Commission to renegotiate THAAD ’s deployment " our alliance ( with the US ) could be weakened . " In the face of Chinese aggression , Kim said the US could consider deploying Kim   a conservative lawmaker and chairman of the Korean National Assembly’s Defense Commission tactical the US to South Korea     which has been nuclear free since 1991 . Song said Seoul should be able to work with Beijing to " reduce their concerns , " adding " we can seek the third solution between beyond the US pro or anti ( THAAD ) . " He added that it is Pyongyang that Kim   a conservative lawmaker and chairman of the Korean National Assembly’s Defense Commission most from the disagreement . " The chasm between China and ( South ) Korea and the US , they may enjoy this situation , " he China and (South) Korea and the US .   Eunjung Lim , Kim   a conservative lawmaker and chairman of the Korean National Assembly’s Defense Commission Korea expert at Johns Hopkins University , agreed Korea   " I do n’t think THAAD is the reason ( for ) North Korea ’s provocations , but they might Korea opportunity to estrange South Korea Korea China , and the US , " she said .   Time to talk ? While Song ’s party has been keen to reassure Washington that it is open to discussion on THAAD , opposition Song’s party the system and the increased militarization of the Korean peninsula was a key part of protests that helped bring down Park .   " The decision made by the government to deploy THAAD was not democratic at all , " said THAAD    coordinator for the Center for Peace and Disarmament , which advocates for a    Korean peninsula .   She accused    Hwang of taking advantage of the Baek    instability around Park ’s impeachment to press ahead with THAAD ’s Park " without any agreement from the THAAD Assembly and the villagers of Seongju , " where locals have long protested the system ’s installation .   Being opposed to THAAD does not mean people are against or even THAAD of the    Korean alliance , Baek said , but she warned that current rhetoric over North Korea risked Baek " endless arms race . "   " It ’s a vicious circle , " she said . " If you deploy THAAD now Baek ’re going to later on make THAAD argument to deploy Patriot missiles and then another weapon . "   Echoing arguments by analysts     who point to the failure of sanctions and military    to prevent North Korea ’s nuclear testing     Baek said she and other civil society activists feel " the Baek solution is direct negotiation . "    " It may sound very naive , but we already witnessed that a hostile strategy against North Korea ( pursued by Park ’s government ) North Korea’s US government is not effective at all , " she said . 
 Baek 