Russian media have reported that      missiles and Iskander ballistic missiles will be moved to Kaliningrad , which borders on Poland and Lithuania , because President Vladimir Putin is " concerned " about NATO expansion and the deployment of U. S. missile shield technology in Europe . [ " Why are we reacting to NATO expansion so emotionally ? we are concerned by NATO ’s " President Vladimir Putin said in a TV interview broadcast on Monday , according to Sky News .   " We have , therefore , to take countermeasures , which means to target with We missile systems the facilities that in We opinion start posing a threat to us , " President Vladimir Putin continued . President Vladimir Putin portrayed Eastern European nations as puppets or dupes of the United States : " When a country joins NATO , it becomes next to impossible for it to it pressure from a major NATO leader NATO as the United the United States it may deploy anything it …      a missile defense system , new bases or , if need be , missile strike systems . " Viktor Ozerov , head of the defense committee in the upper house of Russia ’s Parliament , more specifically stated that U. S. missile shield deployment in Europe prompted Russia ’s move . Russia’s Jens Stoltenberg insisted that " everything NATO does is defensive , proportionate and fully in line with [ their ] international commitments . NATO " Before Russia ’s aggressive actions Russia Ukraine , NATO had no plans to NATO troops to the Eastern part of our alliance , " Stoltenberg NATO . " NATO NATO   Jens Stoltenberg aim is to NATO a conflict , not to provoke a conflict . Moreover , we firmly believe and we are firmly committed to NATO    approach to Russia strong defence , Russia with meaningful dialogue . " The UK Telegraph notes that the Iskander ballistic missiles are    and have a range of 450 miles , which means they could hit Berlin from the Iskander ballistic missiles . The Telegraph reports that even UK Telegraph sufficiently alarmed by Russia ’s recent actions Russia off its own Cold War weapons Russia announcing that it will put Kustrobotbatteri ’s Russia launchers on the island of Gotland . President Obama and President Putin had a    conversation at the    Economic Cooperation summit in Lima , Peru , during which White House officials said Obama urged the Russians to respect the sovereignty of Ukraine . The situation in Syria was also discussed . Numerous onlookers described the encounter as " frosty " or , as the New York Post put it , " as warm as winter in Siberia . " After his brief conversation with Obama , Putin Putin reporters he has Obama with    Donald Trump Putin improving relations with the U. S. Putin said Trump " Putin normalize relations with Russia   Donald Trump " adding Putin " I naturally said the same . " 
 