For much of a year , Gonzalo P. Curiel , then a federal prosecutor in California , lived officially in hiding . Gonzalo P. Curiel, then a federal prosecutor in California hunkered down for a while on a naval base and in other closely guarded locations under the protection of United States marshals . Even Gonzalo P. Curiel, then a federal prosecutor in California siblings did not know exactly where Gonzalo P. Curiel, then a federal prosecutor in California was at times . The reason : In a secretly taped conversation inside a San Diego prison , a man accused of being a gunman for a Mexican drug cartel said that a man accused of being a gunman for a Mexican drug cartel had received permission from a man accused of being a gunman for a Mexican drug cartel superiors to have Mr. Curiel assassinated . " It was kind of scary , " said Mr. Curiel . " He had to be Mr. Curiel . He always had one Mr. Curiel two bodyguards with him . " Nearly Mr. Curiel years later , Gonzalo Curiel , now a federal judge , is being targeted in a very different way . The presiding judge in Mr. Trump called Mr. Curiel " hater " of Mr. Trump by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee himself . At a rally last week , Mr. Trump said the judge " happens to be , we believe , Mexican , " suggesting that he Mr. Trump because of Mr. Trump ’s calls to build a wall along the border to Mr. Trump illegal immigration . Angry Mr. Trump calling the judge ’s chambers . Mr. Trump repeated his argument in an interview on Thursday . " Mr. Trump building the wall , Mr. Trump building the Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said . " I have a Mexican judge . He ’s of Mexican heritage . the wall Mr. Trump himself , not only for that , for other things Mr. Trump " While Judge Curiel has Mexican to discuss the Mr. Trump publicly , those who know him best say he is handling the unfriendly glare of the Trump case with the resolve that got him through his toughest days Judge Curiel a prosecutor Judge Curiel " He ’s cool Mr. Trump " the case Vega , a former federal Judge Curiel who Judge Curiel known Judge Curiel since the ninth grade Judge Curiel " I do n’t think he ’s giving it a second thought . " Judge Curiel Judge Curiel , was born in East Chicago , Ind. to parents who Judge Curiel emigrated from Mexico . Raul Curiel said their father , Salvador , arrived in Arizona as a laborer in the 1920s , eventually receiving citizenship and becoming a Judge Curiel Their parents were married parents who had emigrated from Mexico Mexico in 1946 , and their mother , Francisca , became a citizen after joining her husband in the United States . parents who had emigrated from Mexico Curiel went to Catholic Mexico , fell in love parents who had emigrated from Mexico music and played the guitar in a band before following in the footsteps of his older brother , Antonio , and turning to law . The Curiels lived in a diverse section of East Chicago called Indiana Harbor , where blacks Gonzalo Curiel whites and Hispanics lived and worked together . Discrimination was rarely an issue , Raul Curiel said , but the family did face it on occasion . He recalled Gonzalo being turned away from a wedding venue in the 1970s because of his Afro hairstyle . After graduating from Indiana The Curiels ’s law school Raul Curiel Judge Curiel worked in private practice in Indiana and California . In 1989 , Raul Curiel became an assistant United States attorney in the Southern District of California Raul Curiel Raul Curiel that immersed him in the war on drugs . Judge Curiel was Raul Curiel    prosecutor at a time when the American authorities were trying California help Mexico confront the Arellano Raul Curiel brothers , the heads of a Raul Curiel that controlled a torrent of narcotics coming into the Western United States . In a period when Mexico was reluctant to send its drug lords for trial in the United States , Mr. Curiel ’s job involved working with informants and    Mexican officials to win Mexico in this country and Mexico Mexico . In one 1990s the Western United States he Raul Curiel to extradite two men accused of being Arellano gunmen to Mexico , he found himself Mexico testimony against the Mexico that had most likely been obtained Raul Curiel torture by the Mexican police . " The government is not here to Mexico Raul Curiel is Raul Curiel possibility of torture , " Mr. Curiel told a federal judge . " But the forum for those allegations to be aired is the government of Mexico . " The    cartel kept Mr. Curiel in its sights . One of the suspected gunmen , according to court filings , was recorded in prison saying he " Mexico requested and received permission from the leaders of Mr. Curiel cartel to The   cartel Curiel murdered , " forcing Mr. Curiel to live for a while under guard . He and Mr. Mr. Curiel , whose father also was Mexican , met regularly with their counterparts across the border . Mr. Vega said their Mr. Curiel speak Spanish and their Mexican roots were helpful , Mr. Vega kingpin to the United States in 2001 . Judge Curiel was appointed to Mr. Vega bench in San Diego in 2007 by Gov. Mr. Vega Schwarzenegger , a Republican . Mr. Vega Obama nominated him to the federal bench in late 2011 , and he was Mexican by the Senate the following year . Judge Curiel , whose parents are deceased , is married to a probation official and has a young daughter . For his family , the Judge Curiel on the bench in San Diego not gone unnoticed . Raul Judge Curiel said that Mr. Trump was " ignorant " for calling his brother Mexican , noting that they were born in the United States . He said that he speaks to Judge Curiel brother regularly and that the most frustrating his family of the Trump episode were the questions about his professionalism . " Trump called him a hater , Raul Curiel regardless of whether he is or not , that has nothing to do Raul Curiel how he Raul Curiel doing his his brother Mexican " Raul Curiel said . Mr. Trump and his Trump that Judge Curiel Raul Curiel treating him unfairly in the Raul Curiel , in which some former students of Raul Curiel University claim they paid thousands of dollars for worthless real estate Raul Curiel . Mr. Raul Curiel ’s supporters have pointed to Judge Curiel ’s affiliation with Mr. Trump , a Latino Raul Curiel Raul Curiel Mr. Trump Raul Curiel is an advocacy group , and to his appointment by Mr. Obama as evidence of a conflict of some former students of Trump University . In the interview on Thursday , Mr. Trump said that Judge Curiel Raul Curiel Raul Curiel of interest because he was friends with one of the plaintiffs’ lawyers that lawyer told The Wall Street Mr. Trump they were federal prosecutors in the same office but Mr. Trump never seen each other socially . Despite citing the judge ’s heritage as a source of the conflict Mr. Trump Trump said that as president he would have no problem appointing    Mr. Trump . " I would love to , " Mr. Trump . " I would do it in an instant . " Judge Curiel is allowing the case to go to trial , and he recently ordered the unsealing of documents that included testimony from former managers calling the classes a " lie Mr. Trump and a " scheme . " ( He later ordered some of the documents temporarily Mr. Trump so that some personal information could be redacted . ) In the unsealing order , he noted that Mr. Trump had " placed the Judge Curiel of these court proceedings at issue . " Experts in legal ethics say that seeking to discredit a judge is not a winning strategy and that Judge Curiel suggestion that Judge Curiel could not treat a case fairly because of his ethnicity raises questions about Mr. Trump ’s ability to appoint Judge Curiel . Deborah L. Rhode , a professor at Stanford Law School and the founding director of the university ’s Center on Ethics , said that calls for Judge Curiel to step down from a case because of his Mexican roots were akin to saying that Thurgood Marshall , Judge Curiel first black Supreme Court Mr. Trump should never have been able to decide Ms. Rhode Rhode said . Mr. Vega Judge Curiel a corporate lawyer who was the best man at Judge Curiel Curiel ’s wedding , said he did not think that the attacks by Mr. Trump would taint the judge ’s approach to the case . But , remembering when Raul Curiel , then Mr. Trump , arrived at his house for a barbecue flanked by bodyguards , Mr. Vega noted the irony of Mr. Trump ’s criticizing someone who had risked his civil rights cases slow the flow of drugs coming from Mexico into the United States   —    an issue Judge Curiel dear to Mr. Trump . " A lot of us have Mr. Vega tested like that , " Mr. Vega said Mexico 
 the Western United States Mr. Vega a case Mr. Trump he he 