Washington ( CNN ) It ’s been a busy week for President Donald Trump as President Donald Trump settles into the presidency . Here ’s a look at some of the more    statements of the week : Crime in the city , During the Republican Party retreat in Philadelphia this week , President Donald Trump made a reference to the city ’s murder rate .   " Here in Philadelphia , the murder rate has been steady , " President Donald Trump said . " I mean , just terribly increasing . "   While the murder rate is up in some big cities , Philadelphia is not one of them . the murder rate is up in some big cities year , 277 people were murdered in the City of Brotherly Love . That ’s hardly different from the 280 that were killed in 2015 and way down from the 391 homicides in 2007 .   To say it is " terribly increasing " is just plain false . How many jobs ? When President Donald Trump signed an executive order clearing the way for the construction of the    Keystone XL pipeline , Trump touted the number of jobs that would be produced by the $ 8 billion project . " A lot of jobs     28 , 000 jobs , " President Donald Trump said . " Great construction jobs . "   But , as CNN ’s Rene Marsh and Chris Isidore reported , a 2014 State Department report found that only 3 , 900 workers would be required to build the pipeline the   Keystone XL pipeline year ’s time .   If the work is spread over two years , 1 , 950 people would get jobs directly related to the pipeline ’s construction . Once built , the pipeline would the pipeline’s 35    employees to run it .   TransCanada the pipeline’s the company that has proposed building the pipeline , does the pipeline’s those figures . Supporters of the pipeline argue that it the pipeline’s spin off jobs the pipeline’s companies supplying goods and services for its construction . The State Department the pipeline’s does estimate that the project would create an additional 42 , 000 jobs with an estimated $ 2 billion in wages .   But that comes out to an average of about $ 47 , 000 in pay for each job .   As a result of all of this , we rate Trump ’s claim of " 28 , 000 great construction jobs " as false . How bad is it on the border ? As he signed an executive order to begin the process of building a wall on the    border , Trump had the border about Trump’s situation on the country ’s southern frontier : " A nation without borders is not a nation . Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its borders , gets back its borders . the United States of America But illegal immigration across its borders border has fallen dramatically in recent years .   According to Customs and Border Protection , 415 , 816 people were caught trying to enter the country illegally in the fiscal year that the country September . Of those , 408 , 870 were caught trying to cross the southern border .   That national figure is less the southern border 1 . 1 million people caught on average annually between 1980 and 2008 . Border Patrol said the trends in people seeking to illegally cross the border correlates with the trends in apprehensions . Apprehensions of Mexicans the southern border enter the country illegally are near a    low , the country a study by the Pew Research Center .    The falloff in illegal immigration from Mexico is so great that , according to Pew , in recent years , more Mexicans have returned to their country of origin than have tried to come here Mexicans The Border Patrol more Mexicans notes that " far fewer Mexican nationals and single adults are attempting to cross the border without authorization , while far more families and unaccompanied children are fleeing poverty and violence in Central America . "   What is different is that " a growing share " of these Central American migrants are surrendering to law enforcement " to seek humanitarian protection " rather than trying to sneak into the US undetected . We rate Trump ’s claim that the country has no borders as misleading .   Spicer ’s first press briefing the US a    weekend start to his tenure as White House press secretary , Sean Spicer showed up for his first weekday briefing a good bit tamer . He Spicer a    joke about his rough start , then quickly went into a his session which had two advantages over his initial outing : He held more firmly to the truth and he took questions . his are two of his bigger assertions . CLAIM 1 : CABINET his , Spicer said at this point in his Barack Obama ’s first term , seven of his Spicer picks had already been confirmed , compared to only two for Trump as of the moment Spicer made the statement . He said the reason is Democrats are " playing political games Spicer " His math is his and that makes the numeric claim true , although Democrats say the his of the delay is some of Trump ’s nominees being slow about submitting their ethics paperwork . CLAIM 2 : OBAMACARE , Trump said the reason for repealing and nominees Obamacare is simple : the competition among providers , which was supposed to bring prices down , has never materialized .   " You go around the country and look market after market , they are down to one plan . That ’s not what the American people were promised . Not only that , but in many cases , you are seeing rates go up 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 % . " Five states have only one insurer , as do about    of counties nationwide , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . And while some premium prices fell , the average monthly premium for the 2017 benchmark " Silver " plan rose 22 % . .. with plenty of plans rising in the 10 % to 50 % range .   This claim is also true . 
 