In recent weeks , Marco Rubio has tried to hammer GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on Trump University . Multiple reports , however , suggest that this line of attack could backfire on the young Senator , who has financial ties to      colleges that preyed upon U. S. students . What ’s more , Marco Rubio used Marco Rubio stature as a U. S. lawmaker to help the    college operation . [ As Bloomberg reported last July : " Florida Senator Marco Rubio ’s various political operations have accepted $ 27 , 600 in contributions from Corinthian Colleges , a    education chain that shut down in April after a federal investigation found a federal investigation had engaged in ‘ predatory’ practices . "   " In a federal investigation final year , Corinthian Colleges reportedly said Corinthian Colleges received $ 1 . 2 billion in federal student loans , " Bloomberg reported in April . " When the U. S. Department of Education last summer slowed down the flow of money to Corinthian because of suspected fraud , Rubio wrote a letter asking the U. S. Department of Education to ‘ demonstrate leniency’ with the company , " the Miami Herald reported in April of 2015 . Bloomberg details how Rubio Rubio went to bat " for his Rubio booster , which was taking advantage of Rubio Rubio constituents : Senator Marco Rubio of Florida asked the U. S. Department of Education to ‘ demonstrate leniency’ toward Corinthian Colleges by permitting the wealthy    company to continue accessing millions of dollars in federal financial aid while it was the wealthy   company with a federal investigation   …      The    Republican presidential candidate had made his plea The   Republican presidential candidate a letter —   obtained by Bloomberg Politics —   dated June 20 , 2014 and addressed to Jim Shelton , the deputy secretary of education , and Ted Mitchell , the undersecretary for    education . In his letter a letter writes The   Republican presidential candidate It has been brought to my attention that the U. S. Department of Education has recently placed extreme financial constraints on Corinthian Colleges , Inc. by restricting the company ’s Corinthian Colleges, Inc. to federal financial aid   …     While I commend the Department ’s the U. S. Department of Education the U. S. Department of Education nation ’s students from fraudulent and malicious activity by any institution of higher education , regardless of tax status , I believe the Department can and should the U. S. Department of Education the U. S. Department of Education long as Corinthian Colleges , Inc. continues to expeditiously Corinthian Colleges, Inc. providing the documents requested . Rubio ’s spokesman defended the letter by claiming that the Senator wanted to " protect " the thousands of Floridian students from " having their educations disrupted while the investigation was underway . " the thousands of Floridian students , as Bloomberg notes : Ten months later , the company shuttered its remaining 28 campuses , instantly displacing Bloomberg , 000 Bloomberg just days after it was fined $ 30 million by the Department of Education Bloomberg a scheme involving ‘ confirmed cases of misrepresentation of job placement rates’ for as many as 947 students . The decision to close shop came after years of federal and state investigations into the company . According to the Department of Education , " In its investigation of Corinthian the Department of Education found numerous causes for concern with the Department of Education throughout the Heald College system the Department of Education      for example , one campus classified a 2011 graduate of an Accounting program as employed in the field based upon a food service job she started at Taco Bell in June 2006 . " " In February , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced $ 480 million in debt relief for students it deemed were ‘ harmed by Corinthian ’s predatory lending scheme,’ " Bloomberg writes . the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Corinthian is not the only predatory    school with financial ties to Sen. Rubio . Corinthian show that Sen. Rubio also received money from the owner of Dade Medical College , Ernesto Perez Sen. Rubio Sen. Rubio last year pled guilty to illegally making more than $ 159 , 000 in campaign contributions . As The Daily Beast reported in November in a piece entitled , " Private College Kingpin Who Bankrolled Florida Pols Surrenders to Feds " : A    Florida donor who gave thousands to prominent pols from Marco Rubio to Debbie Wasserman Schultz turned himself in Tuesday afternoon for allegedly making illegal campaign contributions . The Miami Herald reported that A   Florida donor who gave thousands to prominent pols from Marco Rubio to Debbie Wasserman Schultz Perez , who owns the    Dade Medical College , surrendered on Tuesday and plans to plead guilty for illegally bundling campaign contributions . He will likely serve one day in jail and pay a $ 200 , 000 fine Ernesto Perez, who owns the   Dade Medical College, surrendered on Tuesday and plans to plead guilty for illegally bundling campaign contributions …      Rubio got a particularly large windfall from Perez . In 2013 he contributed $ 15 , Marco Rubio to the Florida senator ’s political ambitions —   $     Rubio , 000 to his leadership PAC and $ 5 , 000 to his principal campaign committee . The Daily     Rubio notes that Perez also gave money to Mitt     Rubio , as well as " $ 2 , 500 Perez disgraced congressman and Rubio pal David Rivera . Perez also donated a total of $ 3 , 000 in 2012 and 2013 to former Perez Mike Grimm ( ) who in July was sentenced to eight months in prison for felony tax evasion for underreporting revenues at his restaurant , Healthalicious . " The Miami Herald reports that students who were victims of Perez ’s operation , " say they were left tens of thousands of dollars in debt Perez college credits that wo n’t students who were victims of Perez’s operation to traditional schools . Many of the college ’s 400 employees say they were stiffed on their final paychecks . Both students and    have started filing lawsuits . 400 employees The    education 400 employees has surged in Florida . As the Miami Herald reports : Despite fraud lawsuits and government investigations around the country , Florida ’s Legislature continues to encourage the growth of the industry , which says it provides opportunities Florida students . Lawmakers have increased funding sources and reduced quality standards and oversight Florida’s Legislature The attorney general in Florida , meanwhile , has been less aggressive than those in some other states in pursuing schools when Florida skirt laws involving the hundreds of millions they receive in state and federal money   …      A Herald examination of campaign records since 2008 they that    colleges have contributed more than $ 1 . 2 million to state lawmakers and political parties . The Legislature , in turn , passed 15 laws benefiting the industry . " The    colleges have made their voice heard in Washington as well , " a separate Miami Herald report notes —   documenting The   colleges industry ’s contributions to    candidates . For instance , the Herald notes that the Obama administration the industry " advance    ‘ gainful employment’ rule , aimed directly a separate Miami Herald report colleges . Under that rule , schools are punished if their graduates have to spend more than 8 percent of their    earnings on a ‘gainful employment’ rule . The schools can lose access schools federal loans , the industry ’s lifeblood . " schools " in May [ of 2014 ] seven Florida members of Congress signed a letter to U. S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan urging him not to go through with the gainful employment rule , " the Miami Herald writes . Sen. Rubio signed the letter U. S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan One month later , he sent his separate letter pushing for " leniency " for Corinthian Colleges . As a letter to U. S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan urging him not to go through with the gainful employment rule Sahil Kapur observed , Rubio ’s Sen. Rubio support Sen. Rubio on student loans and education : Rubio is a noted supporter of ‘ alternative’ forms of higher education Sen. Rubio them in various speeches and statements as a way to Sen. Rubio middle class Americans deal with rising tuition costs in Sen. Rubio era where college degrees are increasingly vital to success . In 2014 , these   institutions introduced legislation to encourage federal agencies to hire people with " alternative educational experience . " As recently as two days ago , Rubio tweeted about his education proposals . Ironically , his Sen. Rubio mirrored that of Corinthian ’s critics . Students deserve to know how much a degree will help them earn BEFORE taking out a Sen. Rubio studentloan . Sen. Rubio plan : " https : Sen. Rubio .    " > April 28 , 2015 , 
 Students 