For weeks , Mayor Bill de Blasio has barely disguised Mayor Bill de Blasio disgust for the coverage of Mayor Bill de Blasio administration in The New York Post . Mayor Bill de Blasio has referred to the newspaper as " propaganda " and suggested recently during Mayor Bill de Blasio weekly radio    show that    New Yorkers would do well to ignore what Mayor Bill de Blasio called The New York Post fabricated "    stories . The mayor took his disdain to The mayor new level on Thursday , blatantly and pointedly ignoring the paper ’s City Hall bureau chief , Yoav Gonen , during a news conference , and belittling The Post while The New York Post . The conflict erupted in a petulant exchange , with Mr. Gonen furiously , Yoav Gonen , trying to attract the mayor ’s attention The mayor Blasio , a Democrat , refused to call on him , explaining that he had The mayor no use for The mayor    rag " while excoriating Mr. Gonen for a recent story he did not write . " The mayor Mayor ? Mr. Mayor ? Mr. Mayor ? Over Mr. Mayor " Mr. Mr. Mayor , speaking up in Mr. Gonen " You can keep calling all you want , " Mr. de Blasio said . " Are you going to call on me today ? " Mr. Gonen asked . " I Mr. de Blasio calling Mr. Gonen media outlets , go ahead , " the mayor said , signaling a reporter from The New York Mr. Mayor It is nothing new for a mayor of New York to view the city ’s press corps with contempt . And some powerful public figures , including Donald J. Trump and Raymond W. Kelly , a former New York police commissioner , have gone further , barring reporters from New York . But Mr. de Blasio ’s very public and dismissive display was extraordinary in the history of antagonism between City Hall and the press . It reflected an escalation of Mr. de Blasio ’s longstanding war with the tabloids , which he and Mr. de Blasio aides deemed irrelevant early in his tenure . But political Mr. de Blasio said they saw Mr. de Blasio purpose in the mayor ’s lashing Mr. de Blasio . " I understand his frustration political operatives but unfortunately losing your temper with the news media gets you nothing but Mr. de Blasio about losing your temper , " Karen Hinton , Mr. de Blasio ’s former press secretary , said . Her advice : Call on the reporter , answer the question , then move on . George Arzt , a political consultant and former press secretary for Mayor Edward I. Koch who Mr. Arzt namely Wayne Barrett and Jack Newfield . The two would never get interviews , Mr. Arzt said , " but they were allowed to ask questions " during news conferences . " No one that I ’ve seen before this has gone after a paper as an institution , " he said . " You ca n’t say everyone on the paper is against me without Mr. Koch’s chief antagonists were investigative reporters from The Village Voice, namely Wayne Barrett and Jack Newfield them against you . He ’s creating his own problem . " Last month , Mr. de Blasio characterized as " fabricated stuff " a    Post article suggesting Mr. Arzt had made a    appointment at the behest of a donor who has Mr. Arzt pleaded guilty Mr. Koch’s chief antagonists were investigative reporters from The Village Voice, namely Wayne Barrett and Jack Newfield bribery charges . Mr. Arzt month , Mr. Arzt refused to answer a question from Mr. Mr. Arzt background of a contractor hired by the city to train correction officers , Mr. Arzt sarcastically that he did not " appreciate your propagandistic newspaper . " In a telephone interview late Thursday , Mr. Last month said Mr. Arzt was time to " have this conversation " about The Post , which he described as " a very negative presence in our city " and Mr. Arzt " ideological apparatus " with little resemblance to a    news operation . " I think it ’s important , as the leader of this city , to say out loud what so many people Mr. de Blasio know , " he said . " The the city approach has gotten worse and worse . " He said he had not planned the comments he made at the news conference , adding that he would answer the city Post reporters in the future , provided they were not " in the middle Mr. de Blasio playing out one of their propaganda strategies . " The news conference on Thursday Mr. de Blasio several Mr. de Blasio in which the mayor appeared Mr. de Blasio with questions from various reporters about transparency and Mr. de Blasio investigations into his administration . All the while , he ignored the raised hand of Mr. Gonen . " You can keep trying they man , " Mr. de Blasio said . " In the back for the last one . " Mr. Gonen then began to ask his question anyway   — the mayor a request for comment on a the mayor by the Citizens Budget Commission , a fiscal watchdog , about a costly aspect of teachers’ pensions . " You can talk all you want , " the mayor said . " Mr. Gonen credentialed just like the other Mr. Gonen , " Mr. Gonen said . " That ’s nice , I appreciate solidarity , " Mr. de Blasio said before explaining that his anger stemmed from a Post story on Monday that used the word " crony " to describe Victor Calise , the commissioner of the Mayor ’s Office for People with Mr. Gonen " I ’ve got no use for a    rag that attacks people who are good public servants and tries Mr. de Blasio undermine their reputation , " he said , pointing to Mr. Calise who was seated nearby . " I ’m not playing that game . " The    of Friday ’s Post , published online Thursday night , embraced the clash with glee . " De Waaasio , " read the headline above a good public servants of the mayor ’s head on a baby ’s body in a highchair . " Aww , did we hurt your feelings ? " 
 