  ( CNN ) Almost 100 days into the Trump administration , the    wing of the President ’s party is " fearful " the Trump administration, the   wing of the President’s party are running out of time and the President’s ’s aggressive environmental agenda wo n’t get done . That fear stems from the fact that the majority of political positions remain unfilled at the Environmental Protection Agency , with little sign that the situation is about to change . And that ’s the case at many agencies   .   " I do n’t think they ’re fully aware this is a disaster , " said one Republican , who remains close to the administration . More than 350 jobs at EPA unfilled during Trump hiring freeze , There have not been any presidential nominations at EPA EPA the the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt . When asked about the number of political appointees who are on staff who do n’t need Senate confirmation and the number of overall political positions that remain open , EPA spokesman J. EPA Freire told CNN : " As a policy we do n’t CNN on personnel issues . " Without political appointees , tackling the complex environmental issues the President wants to change will be daunting , the Republican source said .    " You need people in place who understand the issues so that they can rewrite people in place who understand the issues rules . A career person who does n’t agree with the administration is not going to be the best person to lead the way on this , " the source said the Republican source " It gets worse every day , " said the source , who voted for Trump and was excited about what his presidency meant for Trump fate of the agency . " Even if they nominate 50 people tomorrow , they still have to they them confirmed , and they takes time . They ’re just blowing they every day . "   A Democratic lobbyist who has had conversations with EPA officials agrees . " They ’re doing enough EPA officials keep the lights on . They ’re trying to EPA officials the ship . It ’s beginning to shift , but you only have 48 months in a term , and we ’re four months in . If they do n’t get EPA officials assistant administrator before September or October , they will not get EPA officials done quickly enough to see it to completion . " The Democratic source has spoken directly to the handful of political appointees at the agency , and says the situation is n’t lost on them . " They the handful of political appointees at the agency understaffed and the handful of political appointees at the agency know it . the handful of political appointees at the agency when you have an administration that has no political background and no prior government experience or staff and you ’re trying to assemble a lifetime ’s worth of expertise , they ’re just never the handful of political appointees at the agency to get there . " There are a number of names floating around as potential hires for critical roles inside the EPA , including coal lobbyist Andrew Wheeler for deputy administrator .   " You hear the names but then nothing happens , " said the Democratic source . The Republican source echoed the Democratic source " You hear the rumors week after week circulating within the agency and circles close to the White House . The rumor is we are about to nominate so and so , but it does n’t happen . " The rumor sources say the critical roles that remain unfilled are : deputy administrator , assistant administrator for air and radiation , assistant administrator for water , assistant administrator for research and development , assistant administrator for enforcement and general counsel . The Republican source described the staffing issue as   . " It ’s a combination of problems The Republican source . There ’s so much distrust amongst the Trump folks that they want to avoid bringing Washington the Trump folks into the ranks , so they ’re bringing in outsiders who the Trump folks no idea how to staff an administration . "   The administration ’s inexperience in Washington an administration against them , Washington source said . " an administration ’ve never done this before so an administration do n’t know the pace of an administration administration and what it ’s supposed to be . " an administration The source added : " The mindset the source Tower was we won the election with 80 people on staff . We can do this on our own . we do n’t need all we bureaucrats . we kind of arrogance has carried over into the administration . " Without political appointees in an administration the administration may be forced to lean heavily on an administration and help of career employees , something that concerns the Republican source . " Right now in the agency the people who have a deep understanding of an administration rules that the President wants to    is the career folks . But they in many cases are the people who support those rules the career folks So they wo n’t do a good job    it or undoing the career folks . So a lot of the regulatory rollbacks are in it . " Ken Kimmell , president of the Union of Concerned Scientists , a    science advocacy group , agreed that career professionals may not be passionate about rolling back regulations .   " Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules are dedicated to what they see is the mission and it ’s not going to "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules easy to convince them to the mission their work , " Kimmell said . " "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules will do "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules if they have to but they wo "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules spend nights and weekends "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules do it . "Civil servants who wrote these environmental rules Kimmell pointed out that career EPA employees did spend nights and Kimmell writing environmental rules like the Clean Power Plan , and it still took more than two years to complete . 
 the Clean Power Plan 