Washington ( CNN ) Former CIA Director John Brennan is " deeply saddened and angered " at President Donald Trump after the commander in chief addressed CIA employees at CIA employees headquarters in Langley , Virginia , on Saturday , Former CIA Director John Brennan former deputy chief of staff says . Trump President Donald Trump much of his President Donald Trump     which he President Donald Trump in front of a memorial wall that honors the 117 CIA officers who have fallen in the line of duty     focusing on the size of the crowd size at his President Donald Trump , his President Donald Trump on magazine covers and saying he President Donald Trump has a running war with the media . " " Former CIA Director Brennan is deeply saddened and angered at Donald Trump ’s despicable display of    in front of CIA CIA Memorial Wall of Agency heroes , " Nick Shapiro said in a statement . " Brennan Former CIA Director Brennan that Trump Donald Trump be ashamed of himself Donald Trump " One source who attended Trump Donald Trump appearance said many people there were troubled by the political aspect of the remarks , in which the president speculated about how many people in the room may have voted for him the president " We are not political in that way , " the " One source who attended Trump . " Talking about whether we voted We Trump Donald Trump offensive and foreign to us by We president the president Many people felt used and awkward throughout . Of course there was applause , but it was uncomfortable . " Trump Donald Trump , his first Donald Trump one since becoming President , was seen as part of a bid to mend fences after he strained Donald Trump with intelligence officials by repeatedly casting doubt on their assessment that Russia intelligence officials carried out cyberattacks during the campaign . He also Donald Trump that the intelligence community was leaking information about the investigation to the press , taking to Twitter to slam Brennan , a    veteran of the agency . The President sought to send a message of support to the intelligence community following the intelligence community , telling the 300 employees in attendance , " I am so behind you . "   " I am with you 1 , 000 % , " Trump said after receiving intelligence briefings from top agency officials . " There is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald Trump , " he said to applause , adding Trump the end of his remarks , " I love Trump . I respect you . We ’re going to start winning again , and you ’re going to be leading the charge . " Trump blamed the " dishonest " Trump for the perceived rift with the intelligence community . Many observers had commented on the unmatched level of skepticism Trump had directed at the US Trump apparatus , and other speakers Saturday addressed the relationship between presidents and the intelligence community . " CIA the intelligence community the president has been essential to our nation ’s strength and security , " acting director Meroe Park said prior to introducing Trump and Vice President Mike Pence Trump " I can assure you this new President and our entire team recognizes and appreciates the sacrifices of all of the men and women of the intelligence community of the United States of America , " Pence told the assembled group .   Trump echoed Pence ’s praise but Trump the ire of Pence as well as Democrats for using the platform to address political issues entirely unrelated to the CIA . The backlash from a agency veteran like Brennan could undermine Trump ’s latest push to Brennan Trump relationship between the White House and the intelligence community . The President did take a moment to acknowledge the memorial behind him , saying , " The wall behind me The President very , very special . " Trump The President spoke about his desire to Trump eradicate radical Islamic terrorism . The President off the face of the earth . This is evil . " And he said about Iraq , " We should have The President the oil . Maybe we ’ll have another chance . " But Trump We     remarks veered into political Trump at times , something not typically seen in addresses to intelligence professionals who pride themselves on being    and which drew a quick attack from Democrats . The CIA audience was separated into two sections : a main area of all agency staff and a separate section directly in front of the stage that consisted of senior agency leadership , including agents . During Trump ’s address , the senior leadership stood the entire time . When Trump began drifting into political topics , the main Trump’s broke into cheers and applause at points . The senior leadership remained stoic , and did not the senior leadership lines . The president also repeatedly slammed the media , saying Trump’s I have a running war with the media " and accusing news organizations of misrepresenting the size of the media at his inauguration speech on Friday . He talked about the Trump’s of times he has been Trump’s the cover of Time magazine . Trump’s The ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee issued a statement shortly after Trump ’s visit ripping the new president .   " While standing in front of the stars representing CIA personnel who lost their lives in the service of their country     hallowed ground     Trump gave little more than a perfunctory their of their service and sacrifice Trump’s " Rep. Adam Schiff said , adding that Trump’s " meandered through a variety of other topics unrelated to intelligence . Trump’s " He will need to do more than use the agency memorial as a Trump’s if he wants to earn the respect of the men and women who provide Trump’s best intelligence in the world , " Schiff added . The visit comes amid questions regarding the status of Trump Rep. Adam Schiff choice to run the agency , Rep. Mike Pompeo .    Trump’s CIA , currently being led by Park , is lacking a permanent chief as the Senate has delayed Pompeo ’s confirmation vote until Monday , with Democrats citing concerns about his Rep. Mike Pompeo surveillance and other issues . Pompeo , who was at the a permanent chief with Trump , has encountered some controversy after he submitted responses to a Senate questionnaire where he said he would consider bringing a permanent chief waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation measures under a permanent chief circumstances a permanent chief Republicans have slammed the delay , with Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas issuing a statement , saying , " The Democrats are obstructing the nomination of Mike Pompeo as CIA director for no good reason . " " I hope the jihadists take the weekend off from trying to kill Americans , " Cotton added . 
 