Melbourne , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump declared Donald Trump the unquestionable winner of Donald Trump first debate against Hillary Clinton during a rally Tuesday night , then relived the entire debate before a Florida crowd of supporters , this time with the help of a teleprompter     and without Hillary Clinton baiting Donald Trump . The Republican presidential nominee ticked down a list of issues The Republican presidential nominee failed to sufficiently hammer Hillary Clinton on during The Republican presidential nominee    bout     from Hillary Clinton foreign policy failures to Hillary Clinton use of a private email server during Hillary Clinton time as secretary of state . The Republican presidential nominee also insisted on defending two factually incorrect statements The Republican presidential nominee made the previous night . Trump touted unscientific , online    polls as " things of beauty . "   Trump also again claimed to be " holding back " during the faceoff because Trump " did n’t want to do anything to embarrass " Clinton . That comment came after blaming debate moderator Lester Holt of NBC News for being tough on Trump earlier in the day , " For 90 minutes I watched her very carefully and I was also holding back . I did n’t want to do anything that embarrassed her , " Trump said Tuesday . " For 90 minutes , her argued against change , while I called for dramatic change . We have to have dramatic change . " But while Trump spent much of the debate on the defense , Trump was free to unleash on Clinton without abandon as Clinton rallied thousands of supporters Tuesday night in an airplane hangar . Clinton slammed Clinton for having " defended every major failure Clinton helped create , " placing particular emphasis on Clinton track record as secretary of state . " Iraq and Libya are in chaos , " Trump said . " Here in America we ’ve seen one Islamic terror strike after another . " Trump Trump to Clinton Clinton    career in the political spotlight     arguing she Clinton not accomplished enough , and failed too often , in that time period . " I kept saying for 26 years you ’ve been doing nothing , " Trump Trump . " She Trump the candidate of yesterday . And ours is the campaign and we ’re the people of the future . " Clinton Clinton the first lady of Arkansas and then the United States before she Clinton elected for the first time to public office in 2000 as a US senator from New York . And while Clinton Clinton it through the debate on Monday with relatively few attacks from Trump on the subject , on Tuesday , Trump Trump her Clinton her Clinton practices , including her Clinton assertion she Clinton sent nor received information marked classified . " Another Crooked Hillary lie , " Trump Trump . " Have you ever seen a greater embarrassment to our country ? " Clinton Clinton " an insider fighting only for her Clinton and insiders , " Trump Trump , touting his Trump status . But Trump Trump entrenched himself Trump two issues the debate ’s moderator , Holt , called out on for being factually inaccurate . He Trump the     practice used in New York City that a federal judge ruled unconstitutional in 2013 was constitutional . And he Trump that he Trump " against going into Iraq , " even though he Trump not publicly oppose the war before it the war , expressed support for it the war month before Congress voted to approve military force and even praised the invasion as a " tremendous success . " And earlier in the day , as the Clinton campaign sought to highlight disparaging comments Trump made about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado , Trump Trump his Trump . " She Trump a massive amount of weight , and it was a real problem , " he Trump on " Fox and Friends . " Trump Trump Tuesday also returned to his Trump of the press as " the most dishonest people I ’ve ever dealt with " and , as he Trump to review the previous night ’s debate , suggested Clinton ’s success was tied to the " mainstream media . " " Without the mainstream media , folks , she Clinton n’t even be here . She Clinton n’t even have a chance , " Trump said . But Trump Trump signaled that he Trump his Trump took note of his Trump moments in the debate . Trump Trump home his Trump to addressing trade imbalances Tuesday night and pointed to his Trump with Clinton over trade , particularly when he Trump her Clinton for calling the    Partnership deal the " gold standard " of trade agreements . Clinton Clinton opposes the TPP trade deal . " The American people rendered their The American people . The    polls as I said to you were so great , but we exposed Hillary Clinton ’s real position on NAFTA which was by the way the single worst deal as you ’ll ever see and    Partnership     another great disaster that she lied about , " Trump said . 
 