Tuesday on his radio show , talk show host Glenn Beck likened supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to the    " brownshirts , " the original paramilitary wing of the Nazi Party of the 1920s and 1930s that aided the rise of Adolf Hitler .   talk show host Glenn Beck referred to remarks from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at a rally in Cedar Rapids , IA on Monday , which Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump lobbied attendees to " knock the crap out of " any person in the audience that might try to throw tomatoes at talk show host Glenn Beck , adding talk show host Glenn Beck would pay remarks from Trump at a rally in Cedar Rapids, IA on Monday, which Trump lobbied attendees to "knock the crap out of" any person in the audience that might try to throw tomatoes at him legal fees . " That ’s not who we are , " Beck said . " And when you start to plant those seeds , what is talk show host Glenn Beck doing ? I ’m going where everybody knows I ’m going   —    that ’s brownshirts , teaching people to be brownshirts . It is . And what happened with brownshirts ? The brownshirts trained to knock the hell out of people who disagreed with Hitler . They were brownshirts to do that , then Hitler distanced Hitler from Hitler and said , ‘ Oh my gosh , these guys brownshirts out of control.’ But behind the scenes [ he ] was Hitler them , yes brownshirts ‘ Keep going ‘ keep going.’ In the end the brownshirts were brownshirts by Hitler because he outgrew Hitler need Hitler those kinds of thugs when he got the    Hitler of the SS . You do n’t train people to do that . You do n’t train people to do that . " Beck that on to add Trump was a " revolutionary , " but the more appropriate comparison he said was n’t Beck Hitler , but to Hitler President Vladimir Putin . " This guy is as much of a revolutionary as anybody in SDS , " he added . " This guy ’s just a different   —    he ’s just a This guy capitalist revolutionary . He is an oligarch This guy He ’s the kind This guy guy Vladimir Putin is Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin will get rich This guy And This guy ’ll keep order . That ’s This guy what Vladimir Putin did . The better example Russian President Vladimir Putin    he ’s not Hitler   —    he Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin    …      and he Russian President Vladimir Putin about how Putin kills the press Russian President Vladimir Putin he would never Russian President Vladimir Putin that . Well , Russian President Vladimir Putin . It ’s not cool . It ’s not cool . But Iowa did It right thing yesterday . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 