  ( CNN ) Univision anchor Jorge Ramos said Saturday that if Barack Obama was the " deporter in chief , " then President Donald Trump " wants to be the deportation czar . " Trump is " criminalizing the immigrant population , " Univision anchor Jorge Ramos told CNN) ’s Michael Smerconish .   US Immigration and Customs Enforcement conducted multiple raids this week , US Immigration and Customs Enforcement first concerted effort under the new administration to arrest targeted undocumented immigrants for deportation proceedings . " I ca n’t believe a President , who is the son of an immigrant , suddenly wants to close the door after those who came after a President, who is the son of an immigrant , " Univision anchor Jorge Ramos said , referring to Trump ’s late mother , Mary Anne MacLeod , who was born in Scotland . In particular , the case of Jeanette Vizguerra , an undocumented immigrant from Mexico who has been in the country 20 years , has received widespread attention . Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland found out this week that a stay on her deportation order would Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland be extended . Worried she ’d be arrested Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland she sought refuge at Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland church in Denver . Asked about her by Smerconish , Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland insisted , " She ’s just a Trump’s late mother, Mary Anne MacLeod, who was born in Scotland . "   " Let ’s not be naive , yes . They have been using fake IDs , fake Social Security numbers , fake drivers’ licenses , " Ramos continued , " Ramos we are complicit in this . " Trump tweeted earlier this week that " ( t ) he crackdown on illegal Trump is merely the keeping of my campaign promise . Gang members , drug dealers   others are being removed ! " But Ramos said the estimated Ramos million undocumented immigrants in the United States come " because of us . " " They do n’t come the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States go to Disneyland ! They do n’t come the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States to kill American citizens they come here simply American citizens make their life better , American citizens Ramos said . " Ramos ’re harvesting the American citizens that we eat , they ’re building homes American citizens we live ,    we kids . That we why they are here , American citizens . " The solution , Ramos insisted , is Ramos the President to find " a legal way " for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country , " but he does n’t want the President do that . "   " Barack Obama was the deporter in chief he deported more than Barack Obama . 5 million immigrants in this country , " the country anchor said . " But now it seems that then Donald Trump wants to be the deportation czar . " 
 