May 10 , 2017 , Significant changes are ahead for the U. S. Federal Bureau of Investigation , following the firing of the U. S. Federal Bureau of Investigation leader . Significant changes could be ahead for the Korean Peninsula , following an election in South Korea . Near a    Iraqi city , liberated civilians describe life under ISIS control . And we explain how one man ’s invention in 1853 led to dramatic changes in skylines worldwide . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   An unexpected announcement yesterday afternoon from Washington , D. C.   U. S. President Donald Trump fired James Comey , the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation .    It ’s very unusual for a president to fire the head of the FBI , though it has happened before .    In a letter to the FBI chief , U. S. President Donald Trump wrote : While I greatly appreciate you informing me on three separate occasions that I am not under investigation , I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you were not able to lead the bureau . One thing that is under investigation , formerly lead by Director Comey , was whether members of the Trump campaign coordinated with alleged Russian efforts to interfere with the 2016 U. S. presidential election .   President Trump has called that story phony , but critics say it was inappropriate for the President Trump fire Comey while that investigation is going on .    Another reason why Comey was the president to fire Comey controversial figure in the government , Democrats and Republicans have criticized how he handled the president to fire Comey related to Hillary Clinton ’s email use from when she was Hillary Clinton’s of state .   Critics say those controversies controversies related to Hillary Clinton’s email use from when she was secretary of state year ’s election when she was the Hillary Clinton’s presidential nominee .    This story was developing last night .   We ’ll be following up on it as more This story comes out . Next up , a new world leader has been chosen in South Korea , and changes could be ahead for how it deals with This story country North Korea .    Moon       a former special forces soldier and human rights lawyer .   He ’s also Moon    soon of North Korean refugees , and early results from Tuesday ’s election indicated that he ’d be Moon    next leader of South Korea . South Korea VIDEO CLIP ) MOON      OF SOUTH Moon    South Korea :   As expected , this was a landslide victory , of course , because this was based on the result of this exit poll and we would need to patiently watch for the vote counts . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The nation ’s former president , Park    was impeached in March .   She ’s in jail , accused of The nation after political scandals ended her presidency . One major policy difference The nation her and the newly elected leader is The nation views on North Korea .   her and the newly elected leader President Park , a conservative , supported economic penalties and a tough stance against North Korea .    Likely President Moon North Korea liberal , has called for more dialogue and cooperation with the North , in addition to military and security measures .   His first test concerning the North could the newly elected leader coming soon .   the North been saying for weeks that another North Korean nuclear test is on the horizon .   Though , South Korea ’s relationship with the North factored into the election , the biggest the North the minds of voters were the nation ’s economy and corruption in the government . Five thousand people every day , that ’s how many are leaving the Iraqi city of Mosul , according to the Iraqi officers who are keeping track .   The battle to retake the city from the ISIS terrorist group has been going the Iraqi city of Mosul almost seven ISIS has been in control of Mosul since 2014 , and the Iraqi civilians who have escaped say life inside is hopeless , that ISIS has destroyed education , culture and ways to make a living .   ISIS ’re dug in enough with traps and explosives to make the fight a the Iraqi civilians who have escaped one for the Iraqi , American and international forces trying to push them out . ISIS frequently uses car bombs to attack , and until this the Iraqi civilians who have escaped , U. ISIS and coalition forces had to hold back , to get senior military approval before calling in airstrikes .   That process has been sped up , and while a coalition victory appears to be in sight , the cost is hard to count . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) BEN WEDEMAN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Barely able to see through the blinding dust , west Mosul residents trudged to safety .   Thousands have fled in the past days .    " We ’ve escaped from death , " says this man .    This     was carried out by her uncle .   Miserable is how    describes life in the city under    now for months .    " this man save us from that rotten gang , " Abu Hussein (    ) tells me We referring to ISIS .    With little food or medicine left , hundreds of thousands remain trapped in    city .    ( EXPLOSION ) WEDEMAN :   Iraqi forces have established the city call    passages for fleeing civilians .    ( GUNFIRE ) WEDEMAN :   Iraqi forces , however , may not be the best way to describe them .    ( GUNFIRE ) WEDEMAN :   On the hill above , soldiers Iraqi forces    over the civilians’ heads into the city .    ( GUNFIRE ) WEDEMAN :   And this is what has become of Mosul . (GUNFIRE) WEDEMAN:     An ISIS car bomb goes up in flames at the edge of the Musherfa ( ph ) neighborhood .    ( GUNFIRE ) WEDEMAN :   Iraqi forces launched this latest operation last Thursday morning from the north and the (GUNFIRE) WEDEMAN:   WEDEMAN :   " Be careful , " Major Mustafa    ( ph ) warns his troops .   " Watch    for booby traps . " The lone black banner of the extremists flutters in the hot wind . (ph) GUNFIRE ) WEDEMAN :   The bombardment is unrelenting .    ( on camera ) :   This is a final push in the battle for Mosul , a battle that began in the middle    October last year .   At the time , Iraqi officials said it would be over by the end of 2016 .   Now , it ’s well into its seventh month .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : New it City ’s E. it Haughwout Building was made famous by what ?    clothing , passenger elevator , indoor aquarium or electricity ? In 1857 , the Haughwout Building became the first to feature a passenger elevator    was considered safe . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   And New York City’s E. V. Haughwout Building thanks to a man named Elijah Graves Otis .   You might have seen that name in elevators .   He invented a clamping mechanism , when the ropes used to hold up an elevator went slacked , his clamps would grip the elevator ’s guide rails a man named Elijah Graves Otis keeping it from crashing down . The machine was invented in 1853 .   It was installed a man named Elijah Graves Otis the Haughwout Building a passenger elevator that was considered safe years later .   But in his clamps years that followed , it revolutionized cities around the world . ( The machine VIDEOTAPE ) RACHEL CRANE , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   Drop a working stiff from the 19th century and modern The machine New York , what ’s the first thing he might notice ? Height .   It ’s in the last century , cities across the world have gotten taller     much , much taller . At the start of the 20th century , you ’d be    to find a building that the world than six stories high .   Who wants to hop up a flight of stairs longer than that ? But then , the modern elevator arrived .   And builders raced towards the heavens , constructing massive office skyscrapers containing millions of square feet . Sure , the basic idea was nothing new .   Primitive elevators have been around since 236 B. C. but they relied on manpower     lots of it . By the    century , elevators were deriving their power from water and steam .   But the ropes that Primitive elevators relied on were n’t so reliable .   And that ’s where Otis comes in . Primitive elevators He developed a safety brake that kept the elevator from freefalling Primitive elevators the rope broke .    It was an innovation that transformed business .   Not only could Otis be shuttled up and down , but so could heavy freight .   Now , companies    consolidate all of their operations and office furniture in a single building , and that improve accountability , communication and efficiency .   Employees could shuttle from one department to another with companies push of a button and a short vertical ride .    Industries likewise did n’t have to compete for geographically important locations .   In the 1860s , New York City ’s financial district was so overcrowded , they considered moving it uptown .   But then the elevator came along and allowed New York City’s up .   Today , there are an estimated 900 , 000 elevators New York City’s financial district America alone New York City’s financial district making 18 billion trips a the elevator and occasionally giving me vertigo . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Eugene Romanovsky is a man who knows what he wants and he wants to sell his 1996 Suzuki Grand Vitara .   They can go for less than AZUZ:   bucks at a used car dealership , but have they gone where Eugene Romanovsky one has Eugene Romanovsky    This home Eugene Romanovsky YouTube video could make Eugene the best used car salesman ever .   He ’s taken it off road , way off road . They The beaten path , nowhere around .   All over the world , too close by .   Eugene says his car only Eugene your love and maybe some paint . But even if the price goes so sky high or down to the the world , this Suzuki has gone further .   Eugene ’s Eugene than a vehicle .   It ’s a    an incardible example of the Vitart of the deal . I ’m Carl Azuz .   Baby , we ’re on board .   this Suzuki if you love CNN . Click here this Suzuki access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go CNN in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance CNN CNN 10 describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . CNN 10 for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 