Kenneth Vogel writes in Politico that    Trump faces " mounting questions about potential conflicts of interest between Kenneth Vogel vast business fortune and Kenneth Vogel incoming presidential administration . " [ Some observers note that simply handing over management of Kenneth Vogel international business empire to Kenneth Vogel adult children or even putting Kenneth Vogel assets in a blind trust wo n’t be enough to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interests . Among those raising concerns is " Clinton Cash " author Peter Schweizer who argues that only a full divestment of Clinton holdings can prevent Trump from being susceptible to the same kinds of foreign government influence peddling that plagued the Clinton Foundation .    From Politico : But Peter Schweizer , the conservative author who drove attention to overlaps between Hillary Clinton ’s State Department and Hillary Clinton’s family ’s personal and charitable finances , on Saturday suggested that unless Trump fully divested , Trump could be susceptible to similar conflicts . Schweizer in an interview on CNN said , " It ’s only a question of time " before the Trump Organization is approached by a foreign government or the Trump Organization allies with " sweetheart deals for the Trumps in hoping to curry favor . " " And if they take those offers , it ’s hugely problematic . it ’s not only a conflict of interest , it ’s the appearance of a conflict of interest . And then you ’ve got major problems around U. S. foreign policy towards that country , " said Schweizer , pointing out that in many countries " those large real estate deals that many countries engage in are inherently political . "    …      Schweizer suggested the specter of conflicts would continue to loom over Trump unless and until Schweizer moved " to sell Schweizer ownership stake in the companies , " and also announced " that the specter of conflicts are not going to have any government contracts . "    …      Schweizer said Trump owed Schweizer to the voters who supported Trump to consider implementing " bright line " ethics rules . Trump acknowledged " to divest yourself from real estate holdings is not an easy thing , but I think it would be a very powerful thing to do and would send a great signal to the American people who are clamoring for somebody to clean up Washington , DC . " Read the rest here . 
 