  ( CNN ) Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Sunday that the intelligence agencies Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper supervised did not wiretap Donald Trump last year nor did the FBI obtain a court order through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to monitor Donald Trump ’s phones . " For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI , there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the    at the time , or as a candidate , or against his campaign , " Clapper said Sunday morning on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " Asked whether Meet the Press." could confirm or deny whether the FBI could have tapped Trump ’s phones under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , Clapper said , " I can deny it , " adding that , to Clapper knowledge , there was no court order to monitor any phones at Trump Tower . Building on Clapper ’s remarks , a former senior official also told CNN on Sunday that a former senior official is not aware of any wiretaps on Trump’s phones related to a criminal investigation by the Justice Department during the 2016 election .   Trump Trump’s asking Congress to look into whether the Obama administration abused its the Obama administration powers during the the 2016 election White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement Sunday . The request came a day after the President took to Twitter to accuse former President Barack Obama , without providing any evidence , of wiretapping his phones in the President Tower in the weeks before the November election . " Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election the November election , " Spicer said in the statement , which he also posted on Twitter Spicer " Twitter Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity , the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine the congressional intelligence committees executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016 . " " Neither the White House nor the President will comment further President Donald J. Trump oversight is conducted , " Spicer added . He did not provide any further President Donald J. Trump on the President ’s request to Congress President Donald J. Trump said " reports " prompted the request Spicer the White House still has the President’s request to Congress any the White House up the President ’s accusations . There are no President Donald J. Trump support Trump ’s claim that Obama ordered Trump ’s phones be monitored . Instead , multiple former senior US officials Trump’s Trump ’s allegations , calling them " nonsense " and " false . " Trump’s spokesman , Obama also multiple former senior US officials the claim that he ordered the tapping of Trump ’s phones . Obama Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes Obama Sunday that Trump panel Trump’s into Trump ’s allegations . " One of the focus points of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes House Intelligence Committee ’s Trump’s the U. S. government ’s response to actions taken by Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign , " the California Republican said in a statement . " As such , the committee will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party the House Intelligence Committee officials or surrogates , and we the U. S. government’s to investigate this issue if the evidence warrants it . " Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , of North Carolina , and Senate Majority Leader Mitch this issue , of Kentucky , would not comment on Trump ’s call for an investigation into his allegations that the Obama administration monitored his phones . 
 Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, of North Carolina, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, of Kentucky Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, of North Carolina, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, of Kentucky 