Donald Trump leads the most recent polls in eight of the twelve Super Tuesday states , which will vote Tuesday March 1 . [ Donald Trump leads all of the Deep South " SEC " states and both New England states , backing rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio into their lone strongholds of Texas and Minnesota , respectively and prompting the New York Times to run the headline " How Marco Rubio Could Lose Every State on Super Tuesday and Still Win . " And the most recent polls in Colorado and Arkansas showing him Marco Rubio an    are relatively dated .   Trump is trending up following his Marco Rubio victories in the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries and the Nevada caucus . If the polls are any indication , he Marco Rubio be the clear frontrunner coming out of Super Tuesday and heading to Florida , where Marco Rubio is staking his Marco Rubio political career on the March 15 primary . Trump is beating Rubio Marco Rubio Florida Florida to 28 , according to Thursday ’s Quinnipiac poll . Let ’s Thursday’s Quinnipiac poll at the Super Super lineup : Alabama , Trump Trump Alabama Alabama 36 percent support compared to 19 percent for Rubio Marco Rubio 12 percent for Cruz , according to a poll conducted by the    firm Master Image that was released Wednesday . Trump Trump clocked in at 36 percent in that a poll conducted by the   firm Master Image that was released Wednesday late January and early February . Trump Trump been popular in Alabama Alabama the early days of his Trump , and some of his Trump enthusiastic early rallies occurred in Alabama Alabama Trump Trump the    favorite . Alaska , The most recent major Republican poll to come out of Alaska showed Alaska Trump . In an Alaska Dispatch News poll released January 23 , Trump Trump among Republicans 27 . 9 percent to Ted Cruz ’s 23 . 8 and with Republicans and independents combined , 28 . 4 to Cruz ’s Ted Cruz . 1 . More than a month and some primary victories later , Trump Trump has presumably only grown . It is not clear how much former the Governor’s have helped Trump in Trump , considering Alaska length of time that she ’s been out of the Governor ’s Mansion the Governor’s and considering too some lingering hard feelings in her home state about the exposure that her vice the Governor’s campaign brought to Alaska . But the Governor’s a rural landscape and a largely    Amendment voting base , Trump is Trump good shape . Arkansas , Here ’s one where Trump is Trump trailing Cruz according to the most recent poll . A Talk    College poll found Cruz leading Trump 27 to 23 , with Rubio Cruz at 23 percent . That poll was released on February 4 , before A Talk   College poll Trump commanding Trump in South Carolina , so it ’s possible that Cruz ’s lead has declined since A Talk   College poll . Colorado Cruz major poll has not come out in Colorado since November 2015 , when a Quinnipiac poll showed Ben Colorado leading with 25 percent to Rubio ’s 19 and Trump ’s 17 percent . Due to the length of time that has transpired , and Carson ’s steep decline since November , it is fair to Ben Carson that there ’s no     publicly available poll data out of Colorado . Georgia , Trump is simply dominating . There are Colorado recent polls to Trump from , all released earlier this week . The    USA poll has Trump with 45 percent to Rubio ’s 19 and Cruz ’s Trump . The Fox 5 Atlanta poll has Trump at 34 and Rubio The   USA poll 20 , respectively . And the     poll has Trump at 32 to Rubio ’s 23 and Cruz ’s 19 The   USA poll has heard from a source close to the Georgia primary that black enthusiasm for Trump is surging in the state , as evidenced by new Trump Trump volunteers and supporters . Massachusetts , Trump is leading Massachusetts Trump the WBUR poll released earlier this Trump , claiming 40 percent support in the Bay Massachusetts to Rubio and Kasich ’s 19 percent apiece and Cruz ’s 10 percent . Trump ’s win in New Hampshire showed his appeal among New Trump Republicans , who had a brief Trump of glory during Trump supporter Scott Brown ’s Senate run between 2010 and 2013 Trump Also , Massachusetts has a Republican governor in Charlie Baker , though Baker said that it ’s " unlikely " he will vote for Trump . New England Republicans Charlie Baker fiercely independent and decidedly   Trump All that bodes well for Trump to win a landslide victory in Massachusetts . Minnesota , Trump most recent poll in Minnesota came out in late January . The Massachusetts     poll showed Rubio leading with 23 percent Minnesota Cruz ’s 21 and Trump ’s The most recent poll in Minnesota not exactly clear where Trump Trump in Minnesota , but this one could be a Trump spot . Despite the independent streak that elected Minnesota Ventura the state ’s governor , the Rubio camp is gaining headlines in Minnesota for blasting a white Minnesota for making robocalls saying " Do n’t vote Rubio a Cuban Minnesota vote for Donald Trump . " Even though Trump obviously had nothing to Trump it , the Rubio campaign Trump clearly digging in deep in Minnesota Trump thinking it has enough support here to justify the time and effort . Oklahoma , Trump is Minnesota in Oklahoma and gaining . the Rubio campaign week ’s Cole Trump Snodgrass and Associates poll has Trump at 29 percent followed by Rubio at Oklahoma and Cruz at Trump . Trump gained five points in that poll in two weeks as Cruz Trump five Rubio . Cruz badly needs a win in Oklahoma to show that he This week’s Cole Hargrave Snodgrass and Associates poll more than just his home Cruz of Texas on Super Cruz . But Oklahomans do n’t tend to like Texans Cruz much , and the fact Cruz Rubio is running     with Cruz here only helps Trump to bolster his lead . Tennessee , The most recent Middle Tennessee State University poll has Trump at Cruz percent to Cruz ’s 17 percent Trump Tennessee is a strong industrial state with a proud work ethic , which Trump well for Trump . Cruz , In Ted Cruz Tennessee home state , Cruz is ahead of Trump 38 to 23 , according to the Trump at 33 percent Monmouth University poll Cruz was released Thursday . Cruz Cruz the favorite here , Trump at 33 percent more Trump can cut into Cruz ’s expected margin of victory the more he can sink Cruz ’s chances of going forward   —    Trump if he can Cruz Cruz to within ten points . Vermont the Trump leads Cruz 33 percent to Rubio ’s 14 and Kasich ’s 14 Trump according to Cruz VPR poll conducted between February 3 and Trump 17 . Trump ’s strength in New England , evident to anyone who knows the spirit of New England Republicans and independents , has confounded the Trump media . If Trump continues to gain in these states , he might actually be able New England some of New England   —    namely New Trump   —    in play during the Trump election , forcing Democrats to spend more money on the New New England than usual . Virginia , Trump is absolutely dominating this week ’s Monmouth University poll . Here ’s the breakdown : Trump 41 , Rubio New England and Cruz Trump . Virginia is pivotal , not just because of its importance in the Republican Party but because it ’s a    swing state in the general election . Barack Obama Virginia Mitt Romney by less than four points Virginia Virginia in 2012 due to Northern Virginia Virginia which has become increasingly liberal and   . More importantly , the Clintons managed to plant their old consigliere Terry McAuliffe Virginia the governor ’s mansion , which gives Hillary Clinton a major advantage in the general . Trump needs to focus on Virginia , the Clintons he needs to focus on Virginia big . If the polls are any indication , he ’s on Barack Obama track . 
 Virginia Virginia Virginia Trump Trump 