  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has reached Donald Trump moment of reckoning     and it is hard to imagine how Donald Trump campaign will regain his campaign footing with just 26 days to Election Day . Presidential campaigns always fear the October surprise . In Donald Trump ’s case it was a pattern of demeaning behavior toward women that took on new significance after a weekend bracketed by two explosive reports .   Trump’s most enthusiastic supporters stand by their most enthusiastic supporters , The first was The Washington Post release of a 2005 hot mic conversation in which Donald Trump was recorded boasting about Donald Trump license to grope women as " a star . " Over the weekend , CNN ’s Kfile revealed Donald Trump Trump’s and demeaning conversations about women over a    period with radio    Howard Stern . And on Wednesday , The New York Times published an account of two women who described unwanted sexual advances by Donald Trump , followed by a third account published in People Magazine .   CNN has CNN yet independently confirmed either The New The New York Times Magazine accounts . The People Magazine described the entire Times article as a " The New York Times " that amounted to " character assassination . " A Trump attorney also issued an open Trump to The Times demanding an immediate retraction and apology . The Trump campaign told People magazine The Trump campaign never happened . There is no merit or veracity to this fabricated story . "   Trump aggressively defended himself during a Trump Thursday , Trump they were " pure fiction , Trump " outright lies " and promised to provide evidence to prove they were false . " These Trump are all fabricated . They ’re pure fiction and outright lies . These claims events never , ever happened , " Trump said in West Palm Beach Trump Florida . But at a time when voters are already casting their ballots and Trump ’s path to 270 voters Trump dramatically narrowed , the campaign is engulfed in a swirl of allegations about Trump ’s conduct toward women that has Trump ability to sway undecided voters . Trump Trump assertion to CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Trump Sunday night ’s debate that his boasts on the " Access Hollywood " tape about grabbing women were " just words "     seemed to inflame controversy . Several women said his denial of those kinds of actions infuriated them and his them to come forward . As the Several women opened on Several women conduct of a powerful and litigious figure , several beauty pageant contestants said they felt emboldened to describe Trump ’s leering , lewd several beauty pageant contestants when he owned the Miss USA pageant . Tasha Dixon , Trump’s 2001 contestant , told a Los Angeles TV station , Trump entered rooms where " some were topless . .. Trump’s were naked " as he allegedly inspected and appraised as the owner of the Trump’s . First lady Michelle Obama said the comments the Miss USA pageant 2005 video had left her " shaken . " " I ca n’t stop thinking First lady Michelle Obama this , " she said at a rally for Hillary Clinton in Manchester , First lady Michelle Obama Hampshire . " It has shaken me to my core in a way I could not have predicted . " Trump has retained his core support despite hits on his credibility . But this Trump the question is whether his Trump backers will believe that the wave of allegations are Trump calculated attempt by his enemies to destroy his campaign in the final weeks . Trump problem he faces Trump that the conduct described by several women aligns Trump with the kind of behavior he bragged about in his own voice to " Access Hollywood Trump host Billy Bush Trump 2005 . A trio of state polls released this week     taken after the 2005 recording was published     show Clinton ’s northern " blue wall " holding , as she carries commanding leads across a series of key states : Clinton leads Trump by 9 points in Pennsylvania , 11 points Clinton Michigan and 7 points in Wisconsin . Additionally , a Republican National Committee source told CNN ’s Sara Murray Thursday that the Trump campaign decided to pull resources from the swing state of Trump by , essentially conceding the state to Virginia absolutely committed to winning in Virginia . Virginia the Trump campaign reallocating some of our staff strategically to accommodate early voting in nearby priority states such as North Carolina , we campaign leadership and staffing remains strong in Virginia , " said   John Ullyot , we Trump spokesman , in response to the Virginia the campaign was pulling out of Virginia . Trump is now in the foxhole , lashing out at Republican lawmakers like House Virginia Paul Trump , who refuse to defend him , questioning the credibility of his accusers , and excoriating what he views as a Trump press corps that he believes Trump aiding Clinton . " You Trump a disgusting human being , " Trump Trump told New York Times reporter Megan Twohey when she asked him about the allegations Trump he touched women inappropriately before publishing the story . Megan Twohey None Trump this ever took place Trump " he told the newspaper . The Trump campaign ’s strategy as each accusation surfaced has been Trump shift the conversation back to the allegations of sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton ( who is not on the ballot ) and his charge that Hillary Clinton served as an enabler who tried to damage the credibility of Bill Clinton (who is not on the ballot) he was involved with .   Speaking in Orefield , Pennsylvania , on Thursday , Trump Bill Clinton (who is not on the ballot) running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , called the women ’s accounts " unsubstantiated allegations " and said the Trump campaign is " not going to allow the Clinton campaign and the national media to Trump this campaign into a discussion of slander and Hillary Clinton . " But Trump ’s stunt of the Trump campaign several of Bill Clinton ’s accusers at the debate made Trump Republicans cringe . Throughout this campaign , Hillary Clinton laid out a clear , populist message and set of goals . Nearly the Trump campaign Trump on the other hand , will tell you they are n’t sure what Clinton ’s core message is or what her agenda would be in the White Nearly any voter .    Hillary Clinton show Trump path to WH narrowing Hillary Clinton But in these final weeks , when Trump should be making his closing argument , the deluge of scandals surrounding his campaign have swallowed Trump message . As Trump polls make clear , Clinton has benefited     Trump effect has elevated Trump flawed candidacy to something close to a sure bet . " You know , if I were running Clinton any Republican , I would be working hard and I would be asking for your help , " Clinton said at a campaign event Thursday . " But this is an election between two very different visions Clinton views , and sets of values . And that ’s why the stakes are so high , because we know , we ’ve already learned who Donald Trump is , what we have to prove in this election is who we are , and what we stand for , and we we believe in . "   Losing campaigns we try to pinpoint the we moment when they knew the we was over . For John McCain , it was the day the markets collapsed and Losing campaigns insisted the fundamentals of the economy were strong . For Mitt Romney , it was the emergence of John McCain taped fundraiser speech where he said 47 % of American voters would never vote for him because they are dependent on government . Mitt Romney will not be quite as simple to pinpoint one single John McCain for American voters if he loses on Election Day , because his polls numbers have been sliding ever since his defensive and unpolished Trump in the first debate . " Trump many voters still struggling with how to Trump , all the bad news about Trump     combined with the questionable things he has personally said over the last 16 months     have finally Trump tipping point that many thought would Trump come much earlier , " said Republican strategist Mike DuHaime , who has advised New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former president George W. Bush . DuHaime " an illustration that " they only understand how to talk to the people already voting for Trump . "   " With all of the places where Republicans could legitimately the Trump campaign Hillary Clinton ’s policy choices " such as her approach to the Trump campaign , Syria , tax policy and her US Senate votes , as well as " her overall judgment " in creating her own private email server and the questionable fundraising practices of Clinton Global Hillary Clinton’s , " our nominee has decided to attack her Hillary Clinton’s instead , " he said . Clinton Maybe Hillary Clinton’s feels good for them to Hillary Clinton’s 20 years of    frustrations but it does n’t help Trump and likely helps Secretary Clinton , " he said . Hillary Clinton’s Clinton Clinton her husband it 