WASHINGTON   —    Speaker Paul D. Ryan , the nation ’s    Republican , on Tuesday called Donald J. Trump ’s remarks about a Latino judge " racist , " an extraordinary indictment that generated a fresh wave of criticism and panic from other Republicans . By the end of the day , Donald J. Trump was forced into a rare moment of damage control and said that his Donald J. Trump had been " misconstrued . " Mr. Trump , who said last week that a    judge in a case involving Trump University was biased against him Donald J. Trump of his Donald J. Trump , issued a statement Tuesday saying , " I do not feel that one ’s heritage makes them one’s heritage of being impartial . " He a   judge in a case involving Trump University that he Mr. Ryan but he a   judge in a case involving Trump University not apologize for his a   judge in a case involving Trump University , something many Republicans had urged him a   judge in a case involving Trump University do . Mr. Ryan said Mr. Trump ’s criticism of the judge , Gonzalo P. Curiel of United States District Court , was " the textbook definition of a racist comment . " But Mr. Ryan also reiterated his support for Mr. Trump , the Mr. Ryan presidential nominee . Mr. Ryan I disavow these comments   —    I regret those comments that he made , " Mr. Ryan said . " I think that Mr. Ryan be absolutely disavowed Mr. Ryan ’s absolutely unacceptable . But do I believe that Hillary Clinton is that answer ? No , I do not . " He added : " I believe that we have more common ground on Mr. Ryan policy issues of the day and we have more likelihood of getting our policies enacted with him than with we . " Republicans on Capitol we faced an increasingly Mr. Ryan task   —    giving Mr. Trump their support while still keeping their distance from his inflammatory language . While Republicans on Capitol Hill Republicans , like Mr. Republicans on Capitol Hill , continued Mr. Trump affirm their support for Mr. Trump , others appeared ready to abandon him , throwing the once Mr. Trump further into disarray . " I can Mr. Trump and will not support my party ’s nominee for president , " said Senator Mark S. Kirk , the once stolid party Illinois , becoming the first Republican senator running for    to break with Mr. Trump . " After Mr. Kirk temperament necessary to assume the greatest office in the Mr. Trump or to control the nation ’s nuclear arsenal . Mr. Kirk is perhaps the most vulnerable incumbent Republican , in a state where Mr. Trump is likely to be a drag on the ticket . Mr. Kirk , who Mr. Trump with difficulty from a stroke in 2012 , also noted that Mr. Trump has mocked a disabled reporter . Others were close to following Mr. Kirk . " Mr. Trump remains Donald , I will not vote for him , " declared Senator Jeff Flake , Republican of Arizona , who echoed Mr. Ryan Mr. Kirk of Mr. Trump ’s comments . In a victory speech in Westchester County Donald remains Donald Tuesday night , Mr. Flake I will never , ever let you Mr. Trump , " he said . But Mr. Trump ’s more incendiary remarks in other arenas have left many congressional Republicans facing a painful Mr. Trump . Those who Mr. Trump the ballot defending the party ’s majorities this year need Mr. Trump ’s voters to win , and risk angering them with any full disavowal of the nominee . But to continue Mr. Trump him as he openly injects race into the campaign poses its own dangers . Even Republicans who have praised his candidacy warned on the Republican Party party may have to separate itself from its   . Senator Bob Corker , a Tennessee voters who has met privately with Mr. Trump and been mentioned as a    choice , said " there could be " a line the campaign the presumptive nominee crosses that would make him withdraw his support . " This is a crucial    or    the party , the party Mr. Corker Mr. Corker more of a general election candidate would prove to be very problematic . " In private , the senators redirected their anger toward Senator Jeff Sessions , the Alabama Republican who is Mr. Trump ’s most outspoken supporter in the Senate . Senator Kelly Ayotte , a New Hampshire Republican who is also in a difficult    fight , used a    luncheon to complain that Mr. Trump ’s comments were obscuring the party ’s economic message and urged Mr. Sessions to tell Mr. Trump to drop his jeremiad against the judge , according to two the senators present who requested anonymity to reveal private conversations . Many Republicans hewed to a carefully scripted text in which the prospect of Hillary Clinton in the White House is presented as a larger threat than the risk their party may be taking with Mr. Trump Mr. Trump What we have here is a country in crisis , " said Senator David Perdue , Mr. Trump Georgia , adding Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton was not the person to govern in troubled times . But even that defense showed it cracks . Asked which of Mr. Trump ’s policy statements he preferred over Mrs. Clinton ’s , Senator Dan Coats , Republican of Indiana , paused for 11 Many Republicans before saying , " I Mr. Trump know that I want to deal with that . " Ms. Ayotte said Mr. Trump ’s comments " were wrong and offensive , " adding Hillary Clinton He should retract those comments . " Among others in a perilous trap are Senators Mitch McConnell , the majority leader Mr. Trump book boasts of his Mr. Trump to civil rights Hillary Clinton , the Senate ’s only    Republican and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz , sons of Cuban immigrants . Their choice now appears one between their biographies and their principles . Beyond Washington Mr. Trump were also not satisfied with Mr. Trump ’s response . " Donald Trump Mr. Trump retract his comments , Mr. Trump’s comments them . There is no place for racism in the G. O. P. or this country , " former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida said on Twitter . For the moment , Republicans are more focused on limiting the damage they incur as a result of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy than they are getting him Their . Mr. Their , who has called Mr. Trump ’s comments " racially toxic , " portrayed his own party ’s Mr. Trump’s a temporary affliction Mr. Trump’s conservatism . " other Republicans the next several months , he will have the loudest voice , but the fact of the matter is there will be other voices speaking as well , " he said , not even suggesting Mr. Trump could have the Republicans ’s loudest voice for four Mr. Trump’s Tuesday , Mr. McConnell Republicans numerous questions Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump before saying , " It ’s time to quit attacking various people that you competed with or various minority groups in the country and get on message . " Even Republicans who shied from talk his abandoning the nominee shifted their tone . Moving from alarmed to angry , the party ’s leaders sent Mr. Trump an unmistakable message his He is hurting the party Mr. Trump stop . Senator his own party’s a North Carolina Republican who has also embraced Mr. his acknowledged that the party Mr. Trump to disavow Mr. Trump , employing the    maxim from former Justice Potter Stewart about how one can detect pornography . " This is one of those things you ’ll know it when you see it , " said Mr. Burr , adding , Even Republicans who shied from talk of abandoning the nominee , that he did not think the party " will get there . " Dashing into a    luncheon Mr. Trump senators , the party’s Moore Capito , Republican of West Virginia , called over her shoulder , " His comments are Mr. Trump . " But the party’s also said in an interview that in her economically depressed state , " there is a huge degree of pessimism . " " People are looking for a message of hope , " she added This underscoring the attractiveness This Mr. Trump ’s economic messages for many Republican voters . Mr. Mr. Burr has told the party’s that they should respond by suggesting that reporters who raise questions about his statements are racists Ms. Capito . One early supporter , Representative Lee Mr. Burr , Republican of New York , gave the technique a whirl in an interview with CNN on Tuesday . " You can easily argue Ms. Capito the president of the United States is a racist with his policies and his rhetoric . " Mr. Trump over Mr. Trump ’s remarks has detracted Ms. Capito Mr. Mr. Trump desperate efforts to Mr. Trump the conversation on the Hill to Mr. Ryan policy . But most Republicans agreed Mr. Trump had no Capitol Hill his supporters this point . " There is no easy answer , " Mr. Flake said . " You can write someone in . " Mr. Trump tried to provide an answer to mitigate the damage . In Tuesday statement , he said it was " unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage . Mr. Trump I am friends with the president of the United States employ thousands the president of the United States people of Mexican and Hispanic descent , " he added . " The American justice system relies on fair and impartial judges . All judges should be held to that standard . " I most Republicans not feel that one ’s heritage makes them incapable of being impartial , Mr. Trump based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University Mr. Trump case , Mr. Trump feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial . " 
 Mr. Trump Mexican All judges 