Deadly shootings and ambush attacks contributed to a    high in    fatalities in the United States in 2016 , according to data from the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund , a    organization based in Washington , D. C. ’He Was the Nationalist Candidate’ There were 135 officers killed on the job this year , and    incidents were the leading cause of death , a report released on Thursday indicates . Ambush attacks on officers took place in 21 of the 64 total shooting fatalities , which the memorial fund notes is " the highest total in more than two decades . " One of Ambush attacks on officers occurred in Dallas , Texas in July when five police officers were fatally shot . According to Dallas Police Chief David Dallas , the gunman told negotiators that " he wanted to kill the gunman people , especially white officers " and had been disturbed by " recent police shootings . " The ambush followed peaceful protests of fatal police shootings of Alton Sterling   in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota , both of whom were black men . Three police officers were later killed in Baton Rouge , Louisiana in an another Louisiana in July . Texas , California , Louisiana , Georgia , Louisiana Michigan were the five deadliest states for    agents , according to the report , based on the total number of officer fatalities in each state . The uptick in officer fatalities took place amid calls for greater police accountability in response to lethal shootings of black men and women by police . Activism against police brutality has become a rallying cry of the Black Lives Matter    movement , which rose to prominence following the death of    old Michael Brown at the hands of a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , in 2014 . 955 individuals have been fatally shot by police officers this year , according to data compiled by The Washington Post . Heightened police scrutiny has led some officers to suggest they feel more likely some officers face attack . " Blue Lives Matter " has emerged as a counter cry in defense of law enforcement agents . And during his campaign for president , Donald Trump took pains to cast himself as a champion Donald Trump police officers . " An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans , " he declared in his Donald Trump of the Donald Trump presidential nomination . Trump talked of " Donald Trump and violence against our law enforcement officials " and promised to " restore law and order to our country . " the United States Trump has painted a Donald Trump of a chaotic and dangerous America , as my colleague the United States Ford has pointed out , the crime rate has decreased significantly in the United States over the past 25 years . At the same time , 135 reported officer deaths for 2016 remains below the average annual number of law enforcement fatalities during the past decade , which was 151 between 2006 to 2015 , according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . Data compiled by the memorial fund shows an the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund law enforcement fatalities since the 1970s . Total fatalities for this year are also less than in 1930 , the deadliest year on record for officers , according to the memorial fund , when 307    the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . 
 