Every four years , I notice a dramatic increase in personal disclosure at the office .    who are usually reserved about nonwork matters suddenly begin expressing their political beliefs and singing the praises of their preferred presidential candidates . I understand the desire to discuss such a critical event , even if there is a risk of stirring up rancor among people with opposing views . For people whose political opinions are aligned , such conversations can be satisfying and reinforce collegial bonds . Some people feel the election is so important that Some people simply must express Some people views in the office . But those who do should beware : Political talk at work can have unintended effects . Declaring your support for a candidate is essentially an unsolicited recommendation to any people who can hear you , whether any people who can hear you are listening voluntarily or not . Research I have done shows that people often have peculiar reactions to such talk . Rather than doing what ’s recommended , or even ignoring a suggestion , Rather than doing what’s recommended, or even ignoring a suggestion often do the exact opposite of what you propose . For example , Donald R. Lehmann of Columbia University and I told participants in a study that a health and fitness magazine strongly recommended against a particular granola bar . Armed with this advice , the participants’ preference for a particular granola bar then skyrocketed . We got the same results when we told We group of participants about an auto magazine ’s compact car recommendations . That people will resist expert recommendations about a car purchase suggests this tendency also plays into decisions with higher stakes   —    including , perhaps , an election . Studies of backlash to restrictions have shown that even strongly held beliefs and behaviors can be turned on their heads even strongly held beliefs and behaviors For example , some hospital patients react to restrictions of their freedom some hospital patients placing themselves at some hospital patients much greater health risk . Obviously , for a large portion of the public , voting preferences are not subject to outside influence . Some people , for example , always vote the party line no matter what . But for voters who are undecided , subtle environmental influences have the potential to play an outsize role at the polls . When people ask for your opinion before making a choice , they typically people it into a choice decision people Sometimes they value people greatly a choice But if you offer advice without being asked   —    watch out . This backlash to unsolicited advice comes from a psychological concept known as reactance , first identified in the 1960s by Jack W. Brehm , a social psychologist at Duke . When a freedom to choose is restricted , it becomes a freedom to choose more attractive . Tell a     child he can a    child either the    or    candy but not the orange , and orange is suddenly his new a    child flavor . People do not appear to outgrow this tendency as they mature People Unlike tuning into a pundit ’s TV show , or reading the editorial page of a newspaper , people rarely seek out their colleagues people political recommendations . Making a show of supporting one candidate , or criticizing another , is a form of unsolicited opinion . Based on our research , I ’d say it ’s most likely to be resisted , maybe even to the point where an undecided voter will lean the other way . Many workplaces request that their employees an undecided voter discuss politics in the office . Such policies are generally thought to reduce animosity among    who have differing perspectives . Unfortunately , such policies are rarely successful , and in many cases they elevate such policies discussion to forbidden fruit . As we learned from our study we reactance , a restricted freedom becomes a desirable one . So employees     thrust their opinions employees     their colleagues employees     perhaps talking about a funny portrayal of a disliked candidate on a television program instead of directly attacking the person . And this , of course , creates the potential for a backlash against that political perspective . The colleagues rejecting your unsolicited political advice might not even realize that they are The colleagues rejecting your unsolicited political advice so . In work with Tanya L. Chartrand and Amy N. Dalton at Duke , I found that many people push back against perceived threats to their freedom many people their conscious many people . In one study , we asked participants to name someone in their lives participants wanted them to participants hard . Then we asked we to participants on a puzzle . The participants participants a worse job when the name of the person who wanted them to work participants was flashed subliminally on a screen before they began working participants the puzzle . a puzzle comes to political preferences , keep in mind that certain combinations of perceptions can magnify the effect of a backlash . If you pull into the company lot driving a Toyota Prius   —    already associated with liberal voters   —    plastered with a Hillary    Kaine bumper sticker , and then loudly complain about Donald J. Trump while getting your morning coffee , it could be seen as a particularly annoying ,    recommendation . The net effect of who you are , and what you say , could turn undecided voters away from the Democratic ticket . We might expect a similar backlash to a gun enthusiast loudly supporting Mr. Trump . However Donald J. Trump assumptions could also be turned to a candidate ’s advantage . If you are a    hybrid driver , or if you like to hunt and you ’re a big fan of Mrs. Clinton , then go ahead and tell everyone at the office , and slap an    bumper sticker on your hybrid or your truck . By defying expectations you ’ll most likely dampen the automatic backlash , and you might even encourage undecided voters to think twice about your candidate . Perhaps they will realize there ’s undecided voters they missed . 
 undecided voters 