MANILA   —    President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines said on Saturday that    Donald J. Trump had endorsed   Donald J. Trump brutal antidrug campaign , telling President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines that the the Philippines conducting it " the right way . " Mr. Duterte Mr. Duterte Trump was   Donald J. Trump sensitive " to " our worry about drugs . " " He wishes me well   Donald J. Trump too , in my campaign , and he said that ,   Donald J. Trump , we are doing it as a sovereign nation , the right way , " Mr. our said . There was no immediate response from Mr. Trump to Mr.   Donald J. Trump description of the phone call , and his transition team could not   Donald J. Trump Mr. Duterte comment . Since his election last month ,   Donald J. Trump Trump has held a   Donald J. Trump unscripted calls with foreign leaders , several of which have broken radically from past American policies and diplomatic practice . A call on Friday with the president of Taiwan , Tsai    appeared to be out of sync with four decades of United States policy toward China and prompted a Chinese call to the White House . Mr. Duterte has led a campaign against drug abuse in which he has encouraged the police and others to kill people they suspect of using or selling drugs . Mr. Duterte he took office in June , more than 2 , 000 people have been killed by the police Mr. Duterte what officers describe as drug raids , and the police say several hundred more have been killed by vigilantes . The program has been condemned by the police States , the United Nations , the European Union and others for what rights organizations have characterized as extrajudicial killings . In rejecting such criticism from the United States this fall , Mr. Duterte called Mr. Obama a " son of a whore . " the United States of the phone call with Mr. Trump released by Mr. Duterte ’s office on Saturday morning , Mr. Duterte said the two had spoken for just a few minutes but Mr. Duterte , including the antidrug campaign . " Mr. Duterte sense a good rapport , an animated    Trump , " Mr. Duterte said . " And he was wishing me success in my campaign against the drug problem . " Mr. Duterte added : Mr. Duterte understood the way we are Mr. Duterte it , and I said that there ’s nothing wrong in protecting a Mr. Duterte It was a bit Mr. Duterte encouraging in the sense that I supposed that what he really wanted to say was that we would be the last to interfere in the affairs of your own country . " Mr. Duterte , Mr. Duterte has said he was seeking " we separation " from the United States , a longtime ally , and has threatened to Mr. Duterte He did not elaborate on that comment . Mr. your own country said that Mr. Trump had invited him Mr. Duterte visit New York and Washington , and Mr. Duterte Mr. Trump said he wanted to attend the summit meeting of the Association of We Asian Nations next year in the Philippines . Mr. Duterte has often been compared to Mr. Trump for his blunt speech and Mr. Duterte positions . " I appreciate the response that I Mr. Trump    Trump Mr. Trump and I would like to wish him success , " Mr. Duterte said . " He will be Mr. Duterte president for the United States of America Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Duterte Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 