As Donald Trump trends up in national polls ( again showing how clueless the GOP " smart set " and the    establishments are ) Hillary Clinton tries to mobilize Hillary Clinton    base at the SEIU convention by pledging amnesty legislation in Hillary Clinton first 100 days in office . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates of the horse race .    —    All times eastern . 7:22 : Hillary Clinton campaign denies invitation to debate Sanders in California . 7:00 : New York Jets owner Woody Johnson , a former Jeb Bush finance chairman , reportedly will help Trump raise money for Clinton campaign . 6:39 : North Korean official tells Reuters that Trump ’s openness Trump meet with Kim Jong Un is " for utilization of the presidential election , that ’s all . A kind of a propaganda or   This is useless , just a gesture for the presidential election the presidential election : Sanders campaign disinvites Tommy Chong from East L. A. rally . Chong tells the Hollywood Reporter Tommy Chong Sanders may be a phony Sanders legalizing marijuana , saying , " It ’s lip service to get the votes , but they do n’t want to the votes what I stand for and what I ’ve stood for all my professional career . " He later Tweeted that he Sanders to continue to Sanders Sanders ’s campaign : Hope Sanders continue my support , reschedule , and continue activism , political change and promoting peace anywhere possible .   —    Tommy Chong ( @tommychong ) May 23 , 2016 ,   6:11 : UCLA coach warns Josh Rosen , who may be the first pick in the NFL Draft whenever he decides to go pro , to not wear " F*uck Trump " hat while playing golf like he did last month : he Mora cautioned Josh Rosen of becoming Johnny Manziel after he wore an    hathttps Josh Rosen   .   pic . twitter .    —    Sports Illustrated ( @SInow ) May 23 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Trump is like the    mobile quarterback ( or Nolan Richardson ’s 40 minutes of hell in basketball ) that gives conventionally great defenses fits because you ca n’t prepare for their improvisational skills . It conventionally great defenses something the Clinton campaign is going to find out in the fall campaign . Hillary is already confused . 1 , 000 + staffers prepared a year for # Trump2016 . Truth    you ca n’t prepare for @realDonaldTrump . Watch .   —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) May 23 , 2016 ,   5:53 : McAuliffe ’s attorney reportedly denies any knowledge of FBI probe .   5:51 : NEWT : Mitt Romney ’s    crusade " pathetic , " " bizarre , " and " weird . " " Having a guy like that go berserk in public makes you wonder what his problems are , " "Having a guy like that go berserk in public makes you wonder told the Wall Street "Having a guy like that go berserk in public makes you wonder . 5:45 : Hillary Clinton    Joel Benenson doing his best to spin recent Joel Benenson that show Trump is trending up . 5:42 : Harry Reid : " Hell no " to any running mate who is a Dem . Senator in a state with a GOP governor . 5:39 : Trump : " No problem " with formal declaration of war to fight terrorism . 5:35 : Bill Clinton says Trump wants Hillary Clinton us back Trump a past that was not so hot to nearly every ethnic group and women . He adds that it was n’t Hillary Clinton hot in his part of the country to Hillary Clinton people as well . He hits Trump on not releasing Hillary Clinton tax Trump even though his Hillary Clinton wo n’t release the Hillary Clinton of her Wall Street speeches : WATCH his wife @BillClinton : Trump " never tires of telling us how much richer he is , " but wo Hillary Clinton release tax returns . https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) May 23 , 2016 ,   5:32 : Bill Clinton says there are too many young people in prison and we need to " let them out and let them go too many young people in prison work . " too many young people in prison also pushes for amnesty legislation Bill Clinton get all illegal immigrants into the workforce . 5:30 : Sanders again says Clinton should keep her word and Bill Clinton him in Bill Clinton : In press Bill Clinton , Sanders calls for HRC to ’keep Sanders word’ and debate him here HRC Calif. pic . Bill Clinton .    —    Kurtis Lee ( @kurtisalee ) May 23 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Sanders enlists Cornell West and Rep. Sanders ( ) to help draft Dem . platform : Sanders supporters @CornelWest and @RepKeithEllison will Sanders involved with helping draft the Democratic Party ’s National Platform ,   —    Eugene Scott ( @Eugene_Scott ) May 23 , 2016 ,   5:17 : Bill Clinton slams Trump ’s proposal to build a wall and says Hillary is the " bridge candidate . " 5:15 : Huerta says there were a lot of people of color and even some white people . She also gratuitously slams George W. Hillary . 5:03 : As news reports of the FBI ’s investigation of McAuliffe hits , Bill Clinton is getting ready to Bill Clinton Stockton , California : As many as 500 people at public rally for Hillary Clinton . Waiting for Fmr Prz Bill Clinton speak # stockton pic . twitter .   via ,   —    ABC10 ( @ABC10 ) May 23 , 2016 ,   4:55 : Top Clinton    and VA Gov. Terry McAuliffe Bill Clinton FBI investigation to determine if campaign contributions as governor violated law . Officials also reportedly " have scrutinized McAuliffe ’s time as a board member of the Terry McAuliffe Initiative . " 4:50 : Gary Johnson and Bill Weld desperately trying to get headlines : Gary Johnson stands by running mate Bill Weld ’s comments Gary Johnson ’s policies to Kristallnacht just now on CNN ,   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) May 23 , 2016 ,   Gary Johnson " absolutely " stands by his VP pick ’s Gary Johnson to Trump ’s plan https : Gary Johnson .   https :   . Trump’s    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) May 23 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Sanders also speaks about legalizing marijuana and says , as he has done at other stops , that he would be for legalization Sanders he were a CA resident . 3:40 Sanders In East L. A. Sanders Sanders his campaign themes about a rigged economy , raising the minimum wage , Sanders reform , and the unemployment rate in minority communities ( he does n’t connect illegal immigration to this like he did before he Sanders to run for president . ) criminal justice Sanders and campaign Sanders reform . 3:35 : Before introducing Sanders , Rosario Dawson says it ’s hot under the sun today but East L. A. Sanders nothing like the bern we feel   …      in our hearts . " 3:18 : On MSNBC , Tim Canova , who we challenging Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) says the it is " myth " that Wasserman Schultz is popular because the district is heavily Dem . Canova , who has raised $ 250 , 000 since Sanders ’s endorsement , blasts Wasserman Schultz for supporting the    Partnership trade deal . He also blasts Wasserman Schultz supporting payday lenders and says she is a " Sanders warrior " Wasserman Schultz is against medical marijuana who also Wasserman Schultz money from private prison companies . Canova says people have charged Wasserman Schultz with " rigging " outcomes when asked if she has been neutral Wasserman Schultz election cycle . Canova cites Cantor ’s loss to Wasserman Schultz Brat and Donald Trump ’s rise as proof Canova an    wave sweeping across the country . 3:16 : East L. A. crowd at Sanders rally chanting " No More deportations " and " revolution ! " 3:12 : Sanders getting ready to address supporters in East Los Angeles : At the Bernie Sanders Sanders in East LA ! pic . twitter .    —    Kenneth Sanders @25forcongress ) May 23 , 2016 ,   3:08 : Before his East L. A. rally , Sanders issues statement on DNC platform committee : " We Sanders that we will have the Sanders on the platform drafting committee to create a Democratic platform that We the views of millions of our supporters who want the party to address the needs of working families in this country this country not just Wall Street , the drug companies , the fossil fuel industry and other powerful special interests . " 2:58 : Bill Clinton rails against using young people as a " political football " and speaks about needing " comprehensive immigration reform " with a path to citizenship . 2:44 : Clinton says when Trump talks about " Making America Great Again , " Trump is speaking Bill Clinton    voters and he says the " way it used to be " was n’t great for Latinos and Trump minorities . 2:43 : Clinton , who ushered in NAFTA , says there is " a lot of anger and anxiety " because many people have not seen raises . 2:42 : Bill Clinton says California sent him to the SEIU convention when Bill Clinton for president in 1992 Bill Clinton the wind at his Bill Clinton and asks voters to do the same for Hillary Bill Clinton 2:40 : At Fresno Hillary , Bill Clinton thanks Dolores Huerta for campaigning with him : Now Bill Clinton @Fresno_State event Huerta    UFW    Bill Clinton Huerta . # 559vote pic . twitter .    —    John Huerta @johnellis24 ) May 23 , 2016 ,   2:31 : Bill Clinton getting ready to stump for Hillary Clinton Fresno , California : Hillary President Bill Clinton arrives at California State ! # TeamFox26 pic . Bill Clinton    Erik Rosales ( @eronews1 ) May 23 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Fresno State : Clinton supporter and California labor leader acknowledges Clinton Bill Clinton to do California with young Latino Bill Clinton . 2:18 : Clinton calls Trump a " bully " and Bill Clinton the Trump way to stand up to a bully is to " stand up together . " 2:17 : Clinton promises " comprehensive immigration reform " in Bill Clinton first 100 days in office . She Bill Clinton she will build on Obama ’s Bill Clinton actions Bill Clinton keep going to fix our broken immigration system . She says the " only thing standing between Bill Clinton Trump and the Oval Office is all Trump . " She is focusing more on immigration as Trump continues Bill Clinton trend up in national polls . Trump will be a " base election " and Trump ’s supporters seem to be more enthusiastic about Trump than Clinton ’s are about hers . 2:14 Trump Clinton now hits Trump on immigration Bill Clinton She talks about Bill Clinton struggles of Trump families she has Bill Clinton on the trail . Clinton asks , " what Bill Clinton of country would we be if we let Donald Trump rip our families apart . " 2:11 : Clinton blasts Trump hiring " Bill Clinton busters " to break up organizing campaigns on Trump properties . Clinton we " Trump economics " we a recipe for lower wages Bill Clinton Bill Clinton says Trump will bankrupt America like he has bankrupted his companies . Bill Clinton Bill Clinton Trump can anyone go bankrupt Trump a casino Trump 2:10 : Bill Clinton wants SEIU to help her to end the America epidemic of gun violence . " 2:08 : Clinton says we Bill Clinton to face up to Bill Clinton realities of " systemic racism " and dismantle the "    pipeline once and for all . " She says we Bill Clinton a " SEIU obligation " to fight for justice and equity everywhere , which she says means ending the era of mass incarceration . She also Bill Clinton SEIU for SEIU for " environmental justice " in all communities . 2:05 : Clinton says    Bill Clinton deserve a raise   …      she says dog Bill Clinton get paid more SEIU . 1:59 : She says " right to work is wrong for workers and wrong for America " and vows to protect Bill Clinton bargaining rights . Clinton talks about fighting for paid family Bill Clinton . 1:52 : Clinton says Bill Clinton SEIU ’s fights are her fights America Clinton says this Bill Clinton is about knocking down all barriers Bill Clinton families back Bill Clinton She praises SEIU for leading the effort to raise SEIU . Bill Clinton want the the SEIU’s fights wage raised and thinks states should raise wages Bill Clinton higher . 1:48 : At the SEIU convention SEIU Detroit , Clinton starts her robotic speech by talking up the living wage . Clinton Bill Clinton she Bill Clinton that the presumptive Republican nominee would hear the stories Bill Clinton has Bill Clinton SEIU maybe then he would n’t say " wages are Bill Clinton high " in this country Bill Clinton Clinton says " America needs a raise . "    1:20 : Sen. Bill Clinton Corker ( ) meets with Trump at Trump Tower and says he has this country if he is Trump considered America a potential running Bill Clinton . Corker ’s strong Bill Clinton of Sen. Marco Rubio ’s ( ) Gang of Eight amnesty bill may be a significant hurdle to becoming Trump ’s running mate . Corker , Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair , Trump asked if he ’d serve in Trump Trump’s . Says he does n’t know if he ’s being considered ,   —    Damian Paletta ( Corker ) May 23 , 2016 ,   Corker after Trump meeting in NYC : " This was just a he’d serve in Trump White House between two Trump who he’d serve in Trump White House n’t know each other . "   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) May 23 , 2016 , 
 