Washington ( CNN ) One of Donald Trump ’s top supporters insisted Sunday that the Republican nominee is backing away from one of the Republican nominee most controversial immigration proposals : mass deportations . In an interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union , " former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Trump does n’t want to break up immigrant families in America . former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " that Trump Trump would find it very , very difficult to throw out a family that has been here for 15 years and they have three children , two of whom are citizens . That is not the kind of America America former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani . " Giuliani former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani comments follow a hardline immigration speech Trump delivered last week in Arizona . The former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani an Associated Press report characterizing Trump ’s comments Trump a sharp retreat " from his pledge during former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani primary season to remove all 11 million undocumented immigrants from the United States . Still , other Republicans , including Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake Arizona rejected the idea that Trump had softened . Trump Trump ’s running mate Trump Mike Pence , and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway were coy on the issue . Their comments triggered criticism Mike Pence, and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway the campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , over " attempts to mislead " about Trump ’s immigration plan Trump ’s Phoenix speech took Trump line on his signature issue of immigration . Trump rolled out a list of Trump proposals to crack down on illegal immigration , including building a wall along the    border and ramping up deportations of undocumented immigrants who have committed other crimes within the United States .   " In a Trump administration , all immigration laws will be enforced , " Trump said . " As with any law enforcement activity , we will set priorities . But , unlike this administration , no one will a Trump administration or exempt from enforcement     and ICE and Border Patrol officers will be allowed to do their jobs . Anyone who has entered enforcement    and ICE and Border Patrol officers United States illegally is subject the United States that is what it means to have laws and to have a country . " Trump in his speech drew a line at any form of amnesty .   " For those here today illegally who are seeking legal status , they will have one route and only one route those here today to return home and apply for    under the rules of the new legal immigration system that I have outlined above . Those who have left to seek entry under this new system will not be awarded surplus visas the new legal immigration system that I have outlined above have to enter under the immigration caps or limits that will be established . " Trump added : " We will break the cycle of amnesty and illegal immigration . There will be no amnesty . " But on Sunday Giuliani insisted " all 10 policies are largely directed toward criminal illegal immigrants , " drawing a distinction between those immigrants and others who have n’t broken additional laws in the country .   Giuliani said Trump was calling for the United States to secure Giuliani borders Trump remove those who have committed additional crimes     the United States only then address what to do with the majority of undocumented immigrants living in the United States , including    " Dreamers "     undocumented the United States the country as children .   " That ’s the point the country was making in the speech , and I agree with Giuliani that point got lost to some extent in the emotion of the moment , " Giuliani told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " Sunday .   He chalked that emotion up to the parents of Americans slain by undocumented immigrants Giuliani shared the stage with Trump , underscoring Trump ’s call to end    " sanctuary cities " that do n’t deport Trump immigrants .   Democrats said they were n’t buying Giuliani ’s claims about Trump ’s stance on immigration . Democrats Donald Trump should have gone to the Trump a gymnast , because there ’s Trump of contortionism there , " said Labor Secretary Tom Perez , a Clinton supporter , on " State of the Union . "   He cited Trump ’s use of a    sheriff known for his sharp crackdown on undocumented Trump    Trump .   " If you ’re trying to Trump kinder and gentler , it ’s a curious strategy to get Joe Arpaio to introduce you at a speech , " Perez said . " He stands for what Donald Trump stands for , and that is , Mexicans are ’rapists . Trump "   Sen. Trump who is n’t yet supporting Trump , told Tapper on " State of the Union " that he did n’t get the same Trump as Giuliani from Trump ’s speech .   " If it Tapper there , it was buried pretty deep . And Trump I did n’t catch it , " he said of it new indications of Trump ’s openness to allowing some undocumented immigrants to it in the Tapper States . Of Trump ’s speech Trump Flake said : " It just really doubled down on a lot of the rhetoric Trump’s speech , and it really did n’t explain with any clarity where he ’s going to move ahead Tapper the future . " Flake ’s It caught the attention of Trump . Tapper Sunday night he tweeted , " The Republican Party needs strong and Flake leaders , not weak Trump such as @JeffFlake , Tapper it is going to stop illegal immigration . " Trump sooner followed up on Twitter with a more personal jab at Flake . " The Great State of Arizona Trump where I just had a massive rally ( amazing people ) has a Flake weak and ineffective Senator , Jeff Flake . Sad ! " Differing views on immigration among Team Trump members , Trump ’s vice presidential pick , Gov. Pence , on Sunday deflected questions about the fate of those undocumented immigrants Trump n’t committed additional crimes in the United States , on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " " With all due respect to the media ’s focus on the 11 million or whatever that number is , he was focused on the more than 300 million people who are citizens of this country and are here legally in Trump country , and driving policies in immigration that will work for them , work for the United States of our nation , " Pence the United States Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway also would n’t say what Trump immigration eventual plan for the majority of undocumented immigrants living in the United States would be .   On ABC ’s " This Week , " Conway said that " once you enforce the law , once you get rid of the criminals , once you triple the number of ICE Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , once you secure the southern border , once you turn off the jobs magnet , jobs and benefit magnet , then we ’ll see where we are . " " And we do n’t know where we ’ll be . We do n’t know who will be left . We we n’t know where they live we who they are . we ’s the whole we here , that we ’ve actually never tried we , " Conway said . " He will they all those executive amnesties and try to work with the we . And so at least he ’s trying to solve a Conway . " The comments by Conway and Pence brought criticism from the Clinton campaign . " Donald Trump Conway stated very clearly throughout his campaign that he will deport everyone Conway is undocumented , something that was reinforced in his speech in Arizona last Wednesday , " Clinton Donald Trump manager Robby Donald Trump said in statement Sunday afternoon .   " What we saw today Donald Trump Mike Pence and Trump ’s top campaign Clinton attempt to mislead voters about their mass deportation policy by using soft words to describe harsh tactics     one of Donald Trump tricks in the book , " Mook added . voters Immigrant families know the meanings of ’humane’ and ’fair’ and can see straight through their cynical ploys . Trump ’s message to Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook families is clear : everyone must go . " 
 Donald Trump Immigrant families 