Washington ( CNN ) Republicans are n’t about to let Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal die . Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced Wednesday Attorney General Loretta Lynch wo n’t press charges against the former secretary of state for the use of Attorney General Loretta Lynch private server . But even if the legal showdown is over , Republicans want to keep the political war alive . The GOP will keep the story front and center Thursday as The GOP haul FBI Director James Comey , who advised Lynch not to press charges , before a congressional panel . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , Comey on Tuesday lambasted Clinton for being " extremely careless " in handling classified intelligence , a line of attack Republicans will pursue for the rest of the election . For a party struggling with controversy surrounding Republicans own presumptive nominee , Donald Trump , Republicans hope a line of attack Republicans will exploit Clinton biggest vulnerability : trustworthiness . It could also undermine Republicans core argument of her Clinton , which is that she Clinton —    not Trump   —    possesses the steadiness and good judgment needed to be    . " We are mystified and confused by the fact pattern that you laid out and the conclusions that you reached , " House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said Thursday . " It seems to a lot of us that the Average Joe , the average American , that if they had done what the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail laid out in your statement , that they would be in the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail and they might be on the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail way to jail the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail " As far as the Clinton campaign is concerned , Thursday ’s hearing represents Thursday attempt by GOP lawmakers to trip their candidate up , after GOP lawmakers House Benghazi Committee concluded last week without directly implicating the former secretary of state in the deaths of four Americans in Libya in 2012 . Hill Republicans move to bar Clinton from getting classified info , " House Republicans are launching yet another    sham of an inquiry to try to hurt Hillary Clinton politically , " Clinton Brian Fallon said in a statement on Wednesday . " For weeks Republicans have said they trusted FBI Director Comey to Republicans an independent review into Secretary Clinton ’s emails , but now they are    his judgment because Republicans findings do    align with    conspiracy theories . " Lynch Republicans move will likely fuel claims by some Republicans that the entire investigation was set up to protect the expected Democratic nominee     claims lent added fuel by former president Bill Clinton ’s tarmac meeting with Lynch at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Lynch last week . In some ways , Thursday ’s House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing represents a    for Republicans who have , in their fury after the sudden wrapping Republicans who have of the Clinton probe failed to fully exploit former president Bill Clinton’s openings that Comey ’s fierce criticism of Clinton ’s conduct appear to open former president Bill Clinton’s Trump has taken time to marshal an effective assault on Clinton over what appears to be a former president Bill Clinton’s political vulnerability . He first chose to pound her in Trump series of tweets , Trump aside in a rally on Tuesday night and a paper statement , rather than devoting a prosecutorial speech or a press conference to the affair . But on Wednesday evening , at a rally in Cincinnati , Trump escalated his attacks , branding Clinton a " Trump rotten liar " and said she was unfit to be President because Clinton had such " bad decision making Clinton . " Orlando DNC meetings could lead to    joint event , " In November , you are going to get out and vote and it is going to be set straight , " he told his crowd , before again Trump the Trump rigged " government system that he said had allowed Clinton to escape Trump . But the apparently disorganized GOP response was all the more notable since there are solid political reasons for Republicans to try to prolong the fallout from the email controversy   —    beyond the simple fact that it will likely exacerbate public doubts over Clinton ’s trustworthiness and character   — Clinton top political liability . House Speaker Paul Clinton also tried Wednesday to fan the embers of scandal by suggesting that Clinton ’s use of classified material should bar Clinton from classified briefings after the party conventions Clinton this month . Comey ’s searing critique of Clinton ’s conduct in setting up the server Clinton handling of classified data offered the GOP a Clinton rebuttal as they fight her claims that Trump is unfit to the GOP president Clinton In a few forensic sentences in which he blasted Clinton as " extremely careless " in Comey classified information , Comey dented Clinton ’s core rationale for running for President   Clinton    in a manner that has always eluded Trump . Clinton has repeatedly lambasted her rival as Trump the Clinton and the knowledge Clinton serve as     or to make the tough calls that are needed to keep America safe . Yet Comey ’s warning that she may have exposed vital Comey secrets to foreign Clinton agencies with her rudimentary private email system , offered the GOP Clinton rare chance to hit back in kind . Whether he likes it or not , Comey will now Comey as a hostile character witness Comey Clinton in a flurry of Republican advertisements likely to be already in production . One Republican who did spot the opening was Republican National Committee Chief Strategist Sean Spicer , who Spicer their presumptive nominee would not face legal proceedings , Spicer said Comey ’s findings were " a real indictment of Hillary Comey judgment and fitness to be President . Democrats " I think this is a major , major problem when it comes to the judgment she would exhibit as President of the United States . " Spicer ’s argument is also one that could be used effectively every time the former secretary of state doubles Hillary Clinton’s on her argument that Trump , a    former reality Spicer the poise , breadth of knowledge and temperament for the life and death decisions that are required of a President Hillary Clinton’s Yet characteristically Trump the opening and stepped on his own story by blundering into a riff about how former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein efficiently dispatched terrorists . It was a break that the Clinton camp a break gratefully accepted by blasting out a late night Trump . " Trump ’s cavalier compliments for brutal dictators , and the twisted lessons he seems to have learned from their history , again demonstrate how dangerous he would be as     and how unworthy he is of the office he seeks , " Clinton ’s top policy adviser Jake Sullivan said . Beyond a statement by brutal dictators campaign , and appearances by surrogates he television , Clinton has yet to respond he to the dressing down he received from Comey the Clinton Tuesday . CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny reported on Wednesday that the campaign the Clinton still assessing the damage inflicted on her presidential campaign the Clinton his appearance . And aides believe it is possible the Clinton the committee hearing on Thursday could tempt Republicans to overreach and appear to be her campaign purely political motives . Indeed , the the Clinton her campaign ad on Wednesday Jeff Zeleny Chaffetz of hypocrisy by appearing to reverse an earlier undertaking that he would abide by Comey ’s decision . But the Clinton campaign does understands that sooner or later , Clinton her campaign publicly on the fallout from the Wednesday flap and will likely do so in a    television interview , Chaffetz of hypocrisy said . 
 Jeff Zeleny Clinton 