  ( CNN ) Nearly 200 organizations concerned that    Donald Trump may revive the National Security    Registration System , known as NSEERS , once used to register and track mostly Arabs and Muslims , are asking President Barack Obama to abolish the program before President Barack Obama leaves office . In a letter delivered to the Obama administration on Monday , the American Arab    Committee , or ADC , blasted NSEERS for being " ineffective as a counterterrorism tool " and causing " tremendous harm " to immigrant communities . a letter delivered to the Obama administration on Monday, the American Arab   Committee, or ADC was signed by 197 other organizations , including the National Council of La Raza , the    League , the American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights . NSEERS , sometimes called " Special Registration , " was a program for registering and monitoring noncitizen visa holders     such as students , workers and tourists     that President George W. Bush ’s administration enacted a year after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . The a program for registering and monitoring noncitizen visa holders    such as students, workers and tourists     males 16 years of age or older from 25 countries . With the exception of North Korea , all the countries on the list were Arab or had majority Muslim populations . In all , the program a program for registering and monitoring noncitizen visa holders    such as students, workers and tourists     monitored more than 80 , 000 men and boys , according to a 2012 report by Penn State Law and Rights Working Group , a coalition of local , state and national rights organizations . More than 13 , 000 of those registrants were placed in deportation proceedings , the report added a 2012 report by Penn State Law and Rights Working Group, a coalition of local, state and national rights organizations of NSEERS said it was necessary to Proponents of NSEERS and capture terrorists who might enter the country on false pretenses or who were already living in the United States . Critics said it disproportionately targeted Arabs Proponents of NSEERS Muslims , caused widespread fear within those communities and needlessly punished immigrants . " Families were torn apart , small businesses in immigrant neighborhoods closed their doors , and Families discarded their educational aspirations , Families ADC said in its letter . By ADC , nearly a decade after the program was enacted , NSEERS had not resulted in a single terrorism conviction . The Obama administration suspended the program by taking the program countries off its list , but left The Obama administration primary structure intact . The Obama administration ’s transition team raised eyebrows last week when sources familiar with its plans said the    The Obama administration to create a program similar to NSEERS . A source who spoke to CNN said the program Trump is considering a program similar to NSEERS visitors from    countries , including but not limited to Muslims . When asked about a complete ban on Muslims , an idea floated by Trump during the campaign , Trump’s source said , " It ’s something we A source who spoke to CNN for , but it A source who spoke to CNN unlikely , " before adding " all options A source who spoke to CNN on the table . " Trump spokesman Jason Miller denied Trump’s Muslims would be the target of a new program . "   Trump has never advocated for Trump’s registry or system that tracks individuals based on their religion , and to Trump’s otherwise is completely false , " Miller said . " The national registry of foreign visitors Trump spokesman Jason Miller countries with high terrorism activity that was in place during the Bush and Obama administrations gave intelligence and law enforcement communities additional tools to keep our country safe , but the    plans on releasing his own vetting policies after he is sworn in . Bush However , in November Bush last year , there was a very messy day or so where Trump issued a number of contradictory statements about his thoughts on a database of Muslim people and keeping Bush communities under surveillance . In the span of roughly 24 hours , Trump kept the door open to a Muslim database , Trump said he was for implementing a Muslim database , then denied Trump being asked a question about such a database . He capped it off by tweeting that he " did Trump suggest a question about such a database database , " but Trump did n’t deny supporting one either .   Opinion Trump What Trump camp gets wrong on registry , News of an Trump revival prompted ADC , which has long lobbied against the program , to pen the letter calling on Obama to dismantle what ’s left of its framework before leaving office .    " As organizations the program represent diverse communities and that are committed to civil and immigrant rights , we firmly believe that removal of the NSEERS framework is a necessary imperative , " the letter said . " We ask the administration to the letter calling on Obama to dismantle what’s left of its framework before leaving office steps to remove the regulatory structure of NSEERS and stop any future use of the program . " 
 