’   ’ ’    When Jared Kushner swooped in to buy the New York Observer in    2006 , Jared Kushner embarked on a mini media tour , posing with the paper at    parties and sitting down with esteemed media reporters from     and . ’ ’    But after a decade as the owner of the iconic New York newspaper ,    Kushner appears to be angling for a much quieter exit . ’ ’ on Wednesday that   Kushner was exploring a sale ,    potentially to American Media Inc. which owns the National    Enquirer . And one New York media source previously told Business    Insider , " I know from the rumor mill he’ ’s been trying to sell the    Observer . " ’ "    Kushner   Kushner close associates were quick to tamp down speculation . " ’    " While Observer the   Observer not for sale , as one of the      businesses in all of digital media , we are constantly being    approached by potential investors and partners , " Observer Media    CEO Joseph Meyer said in a statement to Business Insider . He CEO Joseph Meyer       specify the identity of the potential investors or partners . ’ "    The purchase of the Observer , along with several other media    properties , in 2006 marked Kushner ’s foray into expanding his Kushner influence beyond the successful family    business , a       quest that hinted at greater ambitions and vision within    the New York media industry . " "    Kushner , the     of    Donald Trump and the    husband of his   Donald Trump Ivanka , has spent most of his   Donald Trump over    the past 18 months in a different role . Since Trump   Donald Trump his   Donald Trump campaign , the     confidante often played the       foil to the bombastic       ,       his       campaign through several major    staff overhauls and maintaining ties with the Republican National    Committee . " ’    " It’ ’s hard to overstate and hard to summarize Jared’ ’s role in the    campaign , " VC billionaire Peter Thiel , Trump’ ’s biggest support in    the tech world , . " If Trump was the CEO , Jared was effectively the    chief operating officer . " ’ ’    Like Trump Trump Kushner is an enigmatic figure even to many    of his employees Kushner business partners , seeming to relish doing    things his own Kushner while leaving people guessing about his true Kushner motivations . ’ ’    " If the    rising up around Trump’ ’s candidacy and    online presence didn’’t bother him as Kushner orthodox Jew and grandson    of Holocaust survivors , then who can fathom his moves Kushner a    publisher and mini media mogul ? He’ ’s an enigma to me , " New York    University journalism professor Jay Rosen told Business Insider . ’ "    But a close look at Kushner ’s investments show an occasionally    determined effort to establish himself as Kushner media industry leader    and hint at how he ’d Kushner to a potential role in the White    House . " "    Business Insider Business Insider more than a dozen people who know or    have worked with Kushner . To Kushner , Kushner ’s media Kushner as    early examples of the    scion ’s dexterity in adapting    to unfamiliar territory , displaying a quick grasp of the facts , a      intellect , and a disciplined fiscal management    style . " ’    But according to others close to Kushner , his frequent Kushner    Kushner digital and print media   —    a mishmash of new ventures and    disjointed acquisitions   —    often lacked vision , cohesion , and    passion . To them , his endeavors were marked Kushner misfires that have    left some wondering whether it was all just a    vanity    project or simply an expedient stepping stone to prestige and    influence . ’ "    One person close to Kushner told Business Insider that real    estate has always been at the center of Kushner ’s professional    Kushner , describing his forays into media Kushner him looking for    Kushner to turn    sagging publications . " ’    " In the scheme of Jared’ ’s professional life , this is like an    appetizer , " the person said . " Real estate is the core . " ’ ’    Kushner declined to comment for this article . ’ ’    Kushner was born into Kushner    business as the youngest    son of Charles Kushner , a New Jersey    baron who fell    from grace in dramatic fashion . When the elder Kushner was Kushner 2005 to two years in prison for crimes including tax    evasion and witness tampering , Jared , at 24 , was suddenly handed    the reins to the business . ’ "    Over the course of a decade , the younger Kushner became the      Kushner East Kushner , making splashy    purchases that included Brooklyn ’s Watchtower , the Puck Building ,    and the $ 1 . 8 billion purchase of 666 Fifth Ave . " ’    At the same time , he was amassing a collection of properties and Kushner developments throughout Manhattan , he set to work building a    parallel Kushner empire of media properties that included everything    from a Las Vegas weekly to luxury magazines and news blogs . ’ ’    It was media , not real estate , that earned Kushner his   in a 2006 story about    Kushner negotiations to buy the Observer . ’ Kushner    The $ 10 million deal brought Kushner , who was until then little    known in New York City society , instant clout and recognition .    The paper , perpetually losing money , wielded an outsize influence    among Manhattan elite , and several sources told Business Insider    it was a way for Kushner to have a voice in New York . ’ ’    The Observer has always been " a toy for rich people to sort of    get their point of view about art and real rich people and culture out    there , " Ken Kurson , the current editor of the Observer , . ’ ’    " The Observer exactly what Jared wanted , " he added . ’ ’   ’ ’    Jared since Kushner’ ’s purchase of the Observer in 2006 , he has    repeatedly The Observer —    with mixed Jared   —    to turn this " toy " into    the center of a mini media empire and a    business . ’ "    In January 2008 , Kushner   about a    investment to launch    a network of 50 local news sites , modeled after the Observer ’s    Politicker blog . The goal was to fill the political news void    created by failing local papers , Kushner said . " ’    The organization was to create " 50 news bureaus with      reporters in each state , " Robert Sommer , the Observer Media    Group’ ’s president , told The Times . ’ ’    The project failed miserably . Before the year was up , Kushner    abruptly shut down 12 of the new state Kushner claiming that he    was going to focus on profitability . A month Kushner shut down    three more , leaving just the remaining original Kushner sites .    ’    At the same time , Kushner was looking to make a major splash in    New York Kushner media through acquisitions . ’ New York Months after launching Politicker ’s national blog , the Observer    Media Group offered Politicker Newsday for   from the Tribune Company , jockeying with    media heavyweights including 21st Century Fox ’s Rupert Murdoch   —      a friend of the Kushners   —    and Mort Zuckerman . " ’    The young developer originally planned to partner with    Cablevision on the purchase , but various reports said that    Kushner   or was cut out by the cable giant when    it Kushner the Long Island news outlet alone . ’ ’    In another the cable giant , Kushner completed a deal but seemed to take    little interest and offer little direction . Kushner ’    When the internet media conglomerate    put its Very Short List    daily newsletter up for sale in 2009 , Kushner was   the internet media conglomerate IAC less than $ 1 million for    the asset . ’ ’ Kushner Kushner quickly laid off staff and eliminated sections he deemed    unnecessary while attempting to develop Kushner to monetize the    newsletter with ads Kushner Today , the Observer shares the newsletter   —      which mostly consists The Observer paragraphs about a single item    review or recommendation   —    less than once a day at best . ’ "    Kurt Andersen , VSL ’s cofounder , said that though he was not    involved with the sale , he had several meetings with Kushner in    VSL’s first six months after Kushner took over . VSL’s ’    " He Kushner polite and not unintelligent , and that Kushner that , "    Andersen said in VSL’s email . ’ ’   ’ ’    After a few years as an aspiring media mogul , Kushner took a    crack at innovating in the magazine arena . ’ ’    But even Kushner , Kushner’ ’s motives and ambitions were unclear to    many . Peter Kushner’’s the former editor in chief of Scene magazine ,    whose tag was " affluence and influence , " said the publication    seemed to be more Ivanka Trump’ ’s idea than Kushner’ ’s . ’ ’    " I think she told him Kushner’ meet with me , " Davis said . " Ivanka Kushner’    his ear a lot . It was more her wheelhouse , more Kushner’ world . " ’ ’    And during Scene’ ’s run , Davis she Kushner didn’’t give she    on particular stories . He responded to " the look " Davis the Kushner " more than anything , " Davis said Davis ’ "    Scene was part of a slate of magazines Kushner launched around    2011 Davis including the    luxury magazine Yue and the    parenting magazine Scooter . Kushner Kushner even took a brief    interest in purchasing The New Republic in 2012 , before it sold    Kushner another young media owner , Facebook ’s Chris Hughes . " ’    " Part    business strategy was to have these magazines that could    bring in revenue and reach a different audience , " said Peter    Feld , the former editor in chief of Scooter magazine , which    focused on raising children in Manhattan and existed from 2011 to    2014 . ’ ’    Scooter replaced Observer Playground , a    supplement    whose editor had been involved in a   over promised Scooter in return for an unpaid    dental bill . When Feld met Kushner , the latter quipped about    Playground : " Your teeth are OK , " Kushner said , Kushner to Feld . ’ "    Good teeth were n’t enough to save Scooter , Kushner . Feld said    Feld was making a profit , thanks in large part to      Scooter . But a Feld management team Scooter by Kushner    decided Scooter was putting a strain on the Observer ’s shared    resources , such as its Kushner The Observer ’ Scooter The mandate was to downsize and streamline . And by the end of       , Scooter , Scene , and Yue were all shut down . ’ ’    Not all of the magazines the Observer Scooter Group promoted    failed Yue ’ "    Justin Weniger ’ ’    met Kushner a decade ago through    mutual friends in New York . The three hit it off , New York    Weniger Kushner as an entrepreneurial kinship   —    the Las Vegas    duo were    club promoters who ’d recently launched a    Justin Weniger Vegas magazine dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment . " ’    When Weniger and Doherty decided to bump their publication from    monthly to weekly , they reached out to Kushner for advice .    Instead   Weniger an Ryan Doherty and partnership with Justin Weniger and Ryan Doherty    Media    in 2010 . ’ Justin Weniger and Ryan Doherty    Though Kushner maintains his investment ,    said Kushner Justin Weniger and Ryan Doherty    Observer Media are almost completely uninvolved , save for a    semiannual Kushner review Kushner ’ ’    " Kushner really   Weniger too financially driven or even       —    it was really just something that started as a ’ ’       when we were making the deal , " Weniger said . " It wasn’’t like It    started there and negotiated back and forth about the value of    the company or the percentage . There   Weniger never a harsh    negotiation . we approached everything like it was our business    but something he wanted to be supportive of . " ’ ’    He added :    He’ ’s    one of the smartest people we ever    been in    room with . He’ ’s ’ ’    a call , no    how    big or small , and at the same time he’ ’s never called once to be    like He’ ’’ Where are we at with this ? ’’ He’ ’s never forced himself in    our business , but He’ ’s always been there for us    for anything    we’’ve needed . " ’ ’    Kushner He’ described by those He’ to him we    loyal , He’ and relatively     —    we polar opposite from Kushner      image his     embraced . Kushner ’    To those not in his inner circle , " he’ ’s almost like Teflon , Kushner    Davis said . He’ ’s " kind of untouchable Kushner much like politicians , who    keep you on your toes " Davis not letting you know what’ ’s going on    inside He’ heads . ’ "      and eternally polite , Kushner is the man standing    calmly behind Trump ’s bombast , smoothing the edges . " ’    In much like politicians, who   keep you on your toes" , Kushner was accused of    by a writer at the    Observer itself after the Republican presidential nominee    retweeted an image critical The Observer Jewish    star . ’ " Trump’s Kushner responded to    writer he employed with his own      defending his    . Raised in an Orthodox Jewish    household , Kushner referenced his grandparents’ Kushner surviving    the Holocaust Kushner advised people Kushner save the outrage Kushner the real    racists . Several cousins from an estranged Kushner of Kushner Kushner    family blasted him for invoking the family history to defend    Trump . " ’    As Trump prepares to take office , he is already presenting    Kushner as one of his main liaisons with the Several cousins from an estranged branch of the Kushner   family world . ’ "    And as the Trump’s summit of tech executives at Trump’s York Kushner    Tower showed Several cousins from an estranged branch of the Kushner   family Kushner is New York into an industry    where Several cousins from an estranged branch of the Kushner   family does n’t have expertise and to speak with titans like    Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , Apple CEO Tim Kushner , and Trump’s    Larry Page . " Kushner    " Jared’ ’s big skill is how quickly he learns things , " Kurson said    in the Recode podcast . " That’ ’s really his greatest strength . It’ ’s    one of the reasons he gets underestimated . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Jared’ Trump , Kushner prizes loyalty and family . ’ "    His latest strategy for the Jared’ is being spearheaded by two    trusted allies : Meyer Jared’ Kushner ’s     who Kushner    chairman and The Observer Observer Media Trump’s in 2013 , and Kurson , who    is a close personal friend of both Kushner and his Kushner and    became editor in chief that same year . " ’    The goal under their tenure has been to turn the Observer into    something Kushner than Kushner New York paper . In November , the    Observer discontinued its New York , The Observer portrayed by    management as a bid to become a national online publication and The Observer to the industrywide The Observer in print advertising . In a    statement to Business Insider , Kurson said the Observer had grown    its audience seven times over since Meyer took over in January    2013 . ’ ’   ’ ’    But The Observer say that changes at the Observer have led to an    erosion of its underlying Kurson . ’ ’    "       lost all of its voice Meyer " Feld The Observer " Print or digital , it    doesn’’t really matter . They have completely killed the Observer’ ’s    DNA . " ’ "    The    ’s main site increasingly features contributors , It’    provide a    It’ boost but have saddled the Observer    with a reputation in It’ circles for being a      partisan mouthpiece . " ’    " There are still good reporters , and their The Observer    completely overshadowed by some of the absurd " a current    Observer employee said . ’ ’    Kurson described any political skewing in the contributor network    as " total bullshit . " ’ ’    " We had The Observer , respected Democratic strategist and great    writer , lobbing cluster bombs at Trump on a regular basis , "    Kurson said . ’ ’    " Our contributor Brent Budowsky was so    that he   " he    added , referring to the WikiLeaks email hacks of former Clinton    campaign chair John Podesta . ’ ’    Kurson Trump’s another explanation for the criticism . Kurson Kurson " The reason we get accused We carrying water is not just the    family relationship of he    , but the fact that we took    Trump seriously as a candidate from day one , " he said . ’ ’    He continued : ’ "    Rumors of Kushner ’s meddling in the Observer ’s political coverage    were categorically denied by staffers interviewed by Business    Insider . " ’ our Trump’s Trump’s several former Observer employees told Business Insider    The Observer Trump’s almost exclusively interested Kushner lists Trump’s      coverage . Kushner took particular interest in the    Commercial Observer , the    trade publication he    launched , and its " Power 100 , " which decides the most powerful Kushner people in real estate , more Business   Insider Kushner "    Some also suggested that Kushner ’s interest in the Observer was Kushner fleeting , while others said he focused the vast majority of his    time on building his    empire , with almost random    interests in different media The Observer " ’    " Kushner look at this , you look at that , he did this Kushner he did that   — Kushner keep in mind , Kushner it all up and it’ ’s less than one of his new       Manhattan or Brooklyn or Jersey City    " a former top    Kushner figure told Business Kushner . ’ ’    Others with favorable opinions of Kushner acknowledge that this    he changed the Observer , he was simply searching for a It’ to    keep the historic It’ afloat financially . ’ ’    " He bought absolutely , positively , a dying publication in The Observer Observer Kushner " the Business   Insider Kushner said . " It Kushner a cultural icon ,    but it was also within hours of becoming a cultural relic . So    Kushner The Observer , everyone gets upset , and Jared changed    it because what it was couldn’’t possibly continue to exist    financially . " ’ ’    But still , morale at the Observer is low and many are looking for    the exits , It and former staffers said . ’ ’    " I don’’t    [ the low morale comes from ] the " one The Observer employee    It " I It it’ ’s the involvement with the    Trump family and lack of editorial direction . " ’ ’    One source also told Business Insider that Kushner    be    preparing to jettison the Observer altogether as ’ ’    turns to Washington . ’ ’    As one current Observer staffer said in response to a It’    about Kushner’ ’s role in potential    editorial meddling at    The Observer organization Kushner " I really think he has bigger fish to fry Kushner Business   Insider moment , for better or worse . " ’ 
 Kushner    