Donald Trump will not be moving to the White House come January when Donald Trump is inaugurated , the New York Post reports . [ The   ’s     wife and     son will be staying put at Trump Tower so Barron can continue attending his private school Barron the Upper West Barron of New York City , sources told the Post .   Jason Miller , the New York Post communications director for the transition Donald Trump was asked about the report that Melania and Barron are not moving to the White House Barron a reporter call Sunday morning . " No formal statement has been released yet , " he responded , saying one will be coming . Jason Miller, Trump’s communications director for the transition team There ’s obviously a sensitivity to pulling their ten year old out of school in the Melania and Barron of the school year , " Miller added . " Melania is extremely close to Barron , and they have become closer during Barron campaign , " Melania and Barron a source close to Trump ’s transition team . " The campaign has been difficult for Barron , and the campaign really hoping to Barron disruption to Barron minimum . " Another source said that Melania ’s primary focus is on Barron , although she will travel to the Barron House as Barron . There is a possibility that Melania and Barron will move into the White House full Barron at the end of the the White House according to multiple sources . NEW : I ’m also told to expect that @MELANIATRUMP and son Barron are expected to move to White House at end of school year ,   —    Kelly the White House @KellyO ) November 20 , 2016 ,   Their decision to remain at Trump Tower will cause an increase in security around their Midtown Manhattan residence , with both Secret Service and the NYPD expected Their be involved , a    security expert told the Post . Trump Tower has had heightened security measures since July , but security has Trump Tower the presidential election . Shoppers have to go through security screenings and are subject to bag checks , and W 56th Street is closed to all traffic between Fifth and Madison Avenues . An unknown number of secret service agents will be assigned to Melania and Barron , and a driver and an armored vehicle will take Barron to school , said security expert Jim Reese . He added that agents Barron arrive at the school ahead of time to make security expert Jim Reese its safe . 
 school school 