  ( CNN ) A commander in chief who prizes nuance and restraint put A commander in chief who prizes nuance and restraint legacy in the war on terror Tuesday in the hands of a brassy successor who embodies    leadership .    days before the inauguration , Barack Obama and Donald Trump struck a contrast that not only reflected Barack Obama and Donald Trump political styles , but their Barack Obama and Donald Trump different doctrines for how best to keep America safe . Barack Obama traveled to MacDill Air Force Base in Florida to bid a poignant farewell to Barack Obama troops . Barack Obama offered one of Barack Obama characteristic , professorial examinations of Barack Obama own motives , place in history and responses to the threat from terrorism that has evolved but hardly waned during Barack Obama eight years in office . At almost the same time , the    stood beaming in the cabin of his the    757 alongside James Mattis , the retired general he the    formally unveil later Tuesday in North Carolina as his the    for defense secretary and whom Trump delights in calling by his the    , " Mad Dog . " RELATED : Obama touts counterterror legacy , admits " threat will endure " More comfortable with an explosive tweet and a swipe at what he Obama to be the Obama administration ’s fecklessness on terrorism than public    Trump Trump promised to break Obama Obama when he Trump the White House . But the outgoing commander in chief made the case that his successor the outgoing commander in chief adopt many of his approaches the outgoing commander in chief issued a forceful , implicit appeal to Trump Trump keep the fight against terror in what he sees the outgoing commander in chief its proper perspective . " The whole objective of these terrorists is to scare us into changing the nature of who we are us our democracy , " Obama told the troops , without mentioning Trump Trump name . " The fact is , people and nations do not make good decisions when they are people and nations by fear , " he said , in an apparent plea to Trump Trump to embrace tactics used by the George W. Bush administration that much of his own he was dedicated to overturning and outlawing . In his last he national security address , Obama argued he he had he the US    campaign on more sustainable ground , morally , legally and militarily than it was on when he took he in January 2009 . RELATED : Trump and China on collision course , In defending his decision Trump and China on collision course ban interrogation methods critics label torture , his efforts Trump and China on collision course close the prison at Guantanamo Bay and his withdrawal Trump and China on collision course Middle East battlefields , the President Trump and China on collision course be directly addressing his successor : Trump and China on collision course Right makes might , not the other way around . " Obama said he was indeed Obama to pull troops out of Iraq and to end combat in Afghanistan , to forge a nuclear deal with Iran and celebrated the operation that killed Osama bin Laden . Eying Republicans who blame him for the Obama of ISIS , Obama touted the Obama of the    offensive against the terror group in Iraq and Syria Iraq argued he had mandated Obama transparency on the way America uses drones . While he pointed out Obama there had been no attack on the scale of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks during his tenure , Obama acknowledged the new wave of radicalized homegrown terrorists inspired by ISIS like those in San Bernardino , California , or Orlando , Florida . Leaving power means that Obama has no Obama     or control     over whether those who come after him will build Obama the foundation he believes he Obama left Obama Trump lashed Obama ’s approach Obama " disastrous " on the campaign trail , and vowed to launch an    struggle reminiscent of the    duel between the West and Communism . He is already Trump a more aggressive leadership style , and set the tone with his pick of Trump . The general is Trump a cultured and learned man by some of his former subordinates , Trump the    has fixated on his nickname and history Trump military   . " He lead an assault Trump in Operation Desert Storm . .. that ’s the way you ’re supposed to lead it , " Trump said at the North Carolina rally . " There was no games . Mad Dog plays no games . " The    plans to crack down on Muslim immigration , to intensify the fight against ISIS and has threatened to bring back waterboarding     although there are signs he may have backed Trump that promise after meeting Mattis . Trump , without revealing Trump plans , has Trump to be far more aggressive in combating terror and has warned he will renegotiate Obama Trump nuclear deal with Iran . On the face of it , Trump ’s fixation with Trump his own ferocious rhetoric     Trump well as the appointment of vehement Obama critic , retired Gen. Obama Flynn , as his national security adviser     Trump an immediate change of course . And yet , the world often looks different from inside the Oval Office , and despite the clear temperamental and rhetorical gulf between the two men , it remains unclear how much the Oval Office the Obama legacy Trump will tear Obama . RELATED :    nuclear deal : Iran ’s President warns Trump not to ruin agreement Trump It could turn out Trump will decide that the Trump of drone strikes , the scalpel of special forces raids and using local forces to combat ISIS     policies Obama has pursued     are Obama most effective options . And new legal constraints introduced over the Obama years on interrogations of Obama suspects combined with the political and military constraints imposed by years of grueling foreign wars might all combine to box Trump in . " There Trump no question that President Obama was determined to Obama US    policy sustainable     not only in terms of the resources that we were putting into it but sustainable in terms of the legal basis in which we had been operating , " we Derek Chollet , who served as a senior official in the Obama Pentagon and White House . Chollet added that one reason Obama gave the speech Tuesday was Obama explain what he had done , to defend Chollet and to show why going the speech terrorists in line with the rule of law was the preferable path . " There is a lot that Donald Trump personally , or those around him , have said that would Donald Trump much go against what President Obama has been talking about Obama he noted . " But like on Obama other policy issue , we are not going to really know what direction this is going to take until Donald Trump takes office . " 
 Donald Trump 