The American Conservative Union is n’t buying Facebook ’s attempt to wriggle out of the Trending News controversy . The CPAC organizers are now urging Congress to " vigorously scrutinize " the social network . [ After Facebook released the results of an internal investigation into alleged progressive bias at the company ( shocker   —    Facebook found Facebook not guilty ) ACU Chairman Matt Schlapp released a statement declaring the company efforts to be insufficient and urging Congress to take action :   ACU has been vindicated .   This issue is still unresolved even after these admissions of wrongdoing by Facebook .   We will continue to press this matter until we are We that conservatives will be fairly treated . Facebook has Facebook to harming CPAC , but they have Facebook called us to We , and they have Facebook to explain what they did Facebook   This    long investigation ( it ’s    how fast an internal investigation can be conducted ) seems to scratch the surface .    Sen.    has done the right thing to press them and Facebook urge Congress to vigorously scrutinize Facebook to Facebook deceptive practices and false advertising in the future . This followed an admission by Facebook , published in the investigation summary the company Facebook Senator John Thune , that the company did Facebook    story from trending in 2016 . In 2016 , although topics related to CPAC were accepted on other days of the conference , one topic related to CPAC itself was not CPAC its first day , March one topic related to CPAC itself , 2016 . Our investigation concluded that this decision was likely the result of the fact that on that day —   the day after the Super Tuesday electoral contests —   reviewers accepted at least 15 topics related to the Republican presidential primary . Two of the most popular CPAC stories in the news CPAC day related to criticisms that day to Senator Marco Rubio regarding Donald Trump ’s scheduled CPAC speech and Ben Carson ’s announcement that he would not attend CPAC because Senator Marco Rubio was dropping out CPAC the Senator Marco Rubio . Each of these    stories was likely subsumed within broader topics —   including Donald Trump , Marco Rubio , Donald Trump Carson —   that were accepted Ben Carson the same day . The ACU has been among the most strident critics of Facebook during the controversy . While some prominent conservatives including Glenn Beck and Brent Bozell rushed to defend the good intentions of the company , the ACU flatly rejected Mark Zuckerberg ’s offer The ACU place at his meeting with conservatives last Wednesday , which they Mark Zuckerberg’s an attempt to " win the day conservatives news cycle . " You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook , and download Milo Alert ! Allum Bokhari Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles . 
 Allum Bokhari 