Hillary Clinton may not like to use the word " terrorist , " but the New York Times has no problem using that word   —    to refer to Donald Trump , at least . [ Columnist Charles M. Blow led with that inflammatory accusation on Monday ’s opinion page :   Donald Trump is a domestic terrorist only his Donald Trump of terror does n’t boil down to blowing things up . He Donald Trump the     toddler who knows nearly nothing , hurls insults , has simplistic solutions for complex problems and is quick to throw a tantrum . Also , in case you did n’t know it , this the    toddler who knows nearly nothing mean to girls and is a bit of a bigot . Blow did not define what he Donald Trump by " terrorist . " The episode recalls one in 2011 , when columnist Joe Nocera called the Tea Party movement " terrorists " : You know what they say the Tea Party movement Never negotiate with terrorists . It only encourages them . the Tea Party movement last few months , much of the country America in horror as the Tea the Tea Party waged jihad on the American people . Their intransigent demands for deep the Tea Party Republicans cuts , coupled with their almost gleeful willingness to the Tea Party Republicans one of America ’s most invaluable assets , its full faith and credit America were incredibly irresponsible . But they did n’t care . the Tea Party Republicans goal , they believed the Tea Party Republicans was worth the Tea Party Republicans up the country for , if America what it took . The Times editorial page appears to be holding a    competition . Tuesday ’s paper featured Roger Cohen opening in a similar style to Blow , albeit with a slightly less inflammatory epithet : Donald Trump is a thug . He ’s a thug who talks Donald Trump , and lies , and cheats , and has issues , to put it mildly , with women . He ’s lazy and limited and Donald Trump has an attention span of Donald Trump nanosecond . He ’s a " gene believer Donald Trump who thinks he has " great genes " Donald Trump considers the German blood , of which he is proud , " great Donald Trump . " Mexicans and Muslims , by contrast , do n’t make the cut . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 