Neither former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton nor President Barack Obama mentioned " Islam " or " radical Islam " in their responses to the Nice terror attack on Thursday . [ A statement released by Clinton on Twitter referred to " terrorism " but not " radical Islam . "   Clinton called into The O’Reilly Factor on Fox News on Thursday evening   —    a rare foray by the presumptive Democratic nominee . Clinton mentioned " this is a war against these terrorist groups , these radical jihadist groups , " but did not ascribe the attacks directly to " Islam " or " radical Islam . " For many months , Clinton refused to acknowledge the role of radical Islam in terror . In a November presidential primary debate , held in the immediate aftermath of the Paris terror attacks , Clinton declined to say " radical Islam " because Clinton said doing so would be " painting with too broad a brush . " On Twitter , Clinton said at the time that Muslims " have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism , " refusing to distinguish between Muslims in general and radical Muslims in particular . " Let ’s be clear : Islam is not our adversary . Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism . "   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) November 19 , 2015 ,    In December , —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) reiterated that —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) would not use the term " radical Islam " because —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) believed " sounds like we are declaring war against a religion . " In June , under pressure from presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) acknowledged " radical Islamism " for the first time . President Barack Obama released a statement Thursday calling the Nice event a " terrorist attack " but failing to mention " radical Islam " : On behalf of the American people , I condemn in the strongest terms what appears to be a horrific terrorist attack in Nice , France , which killed and wounded dozens of innocent civilians . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and other loved ones of those killed , and Our wish a full recovery for the many wounded . I have directed my team to be in touch with French officials , and Our have offered any assistance that French officials may need to investigate this attack and bring those responsible to justice . Our stand in solidarity and partnership with France , Our oldest ally , as they respond to and recover from this attack . On this Bastille Day , Our are reminded of the extraordinary resilience and democratic values that have made France France inspiration to the entire world , and Our know that the character of the French Republic will endure long after this devastating and tragic loss of life . Trump referred to radical Islam in his Trump to the attacks , though he Trump circumspect , given the new flood of details in the wake of attacks . He Trump O’Reilly that it was still possible Obama might change his Trump and refer to " radical Islamic terror . " In a public statement late at night following the Nice attacks , French President François Hollande said : " All of France is under threat from Islamist terrorism . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him Regnery Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 