WASHINGTON   —    Seven months ago , a respected former British spy named Christopher Steele won a contract to build a file on Donald J. Trump ’s ties to Russia . Last week , the explosive details   —    unsubstantiated accounts of frolics with prostitutes , real estate deals that were intended as bribes and coordination with Russian intelligence of the hacking of Democrats   —    were summarized for Donald J. Trump’s in an appendix to a    intelligence report . The consequences have been incalculable and will play out long past Inauguration Day . Word of the summary , which was also given to President Obama and congressional leaders , leaked to CNN Tuesday , and the rest of the media followed with sensational reports . Mr. Donald J. Trump’s the unproven claims Wednesday as a fabrication , a    smear concocted by " sick people . " It has further undermined his relationship Donald J. Trump’s the intelligence agencies and cast a shadow over the new administration . Late Wednesday night , after speaking with Mr. Clapper a statement decrying leaks about the matter and saying of Mr. Steele ’s dossier that the intelligence the intelligence agencies not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable . " Mr. Clapper suggested that intelligence officials had nonetheless shared it to give policy makers " the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national this document . " Parts of the story remain out of reach   —    most critically the basic question of how much , if anything , in the dossier is true . But it is possible to piece together a rough narrative of what led to the current crisis , including lingering questions about the ties binding Mr. Trump and his team to Russia . The episode also offers a glimpse of the hidden side of presidential Trump , involving private     looking for the worst they can find about the next American leader . The story began in September 2015 , when a wealthy Republican donor who strongly opposed Mr. Trump put up the money to hire a Washington research firm run by former journalists , Fusion GPS , to compile a dossier about the real estate magnate ’s past scandals and weaknesses , according to a person familiar with the effort . The person described the opposition research work on condition of anonymity , citing the volatile nature of a person familiar with the effort and the likelihood of future legal disputes . The identity of the donor is unclear . Fusion GPS , headed by a former Wall Street Journal journalist known for his dogged reporting , Glenn Simpson , most often works for business clients . But in presidential elections , the firm is sometimes hired by candidates , party organizations or donors to do political " oppo " work   —    shorthand for opposition research   —    on the side . It is routine work and ordinarily involves creating a big , searchable database of public information : past news reports , documents from lawsuits and other relevant data . For months , Fusion GPS gathered the documents and put together the files from Mr. Trump ’s past in business and entertainment , a rich target . After Mr. Trump emerged as the presumptive nominee in the spring , the Republican interest in financing the effort Mr. Trump But Democratic supporters of Hillary Clinton were very interested , and Fusion GPS kept doing the same deep dives , but on behalf of new clients . In June , the tenor of the effort suddenly changed . The Washington Post reported that the Democratic National Committee had been hacked , apparently the effort ended government agents , and a mysterious figure calling himself " Guccifer 2 . 0 " began to publish the stolen documents online . Mr. Mr. Simpson whom he had worked before . Mr. Steele , in his early 50s , had served undercover in Moscow in the early 1990s and later was the top expert on Russia Mr. Simpson the London headquarters of Britain ’s spy service Mr. Steele MI6 . When he stepped down in 2009 , he started his own commercial intelligence firm , Orbis Business Intelligence . The former journalist and the former spy , according to people who Mr. Steele them , had similarly dark Mr. Steele of Mr. Steele Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , a former K. G. B. officer , and the varied tactics he and his intelligence operatives The former journalist and the former spy to smear , blackmail or bribe their targets . As a Russia spy who had carried out espionage inside Russia , Mr. Steele was Mr. Steele no Mr. Steele to travel to Moscow to study Mr. Trump ’s The former journalist and the former spy there . Instead , he hired native Russian speakers to call informants inside Russia and made surreptitious contact with his own connections in the country as well . Mr. Steele wrote up his findings Mr. Steele a series of memos , each a few Russia long , that he began Mr. Steele deliver to Fusion Russia June and continued at Mr. Steele December . By Mr. Steele , the election was over , and neither Mr. Steele nor Mr. Simpson was Mr. Steele paid by a client , but they did not stop what they believed to be very important work . ( Mr. Simpson declined to comment for this article , and Mr. Steele did not immediately reply to a Mr. Steele nor Mr. Simpson for comment . ) Mr. Steele nor Mr. Simpson memos described two different Russian operations . The Mr. Simpson a yearslong effort to find a way to influence Mr. Trump , perhaps because he had contacts with Russian oligarchs whom Mr. Putin wanted to keep track of . According to Mr. Steele ’s memos , it used an array of familiar tactics : the gathering of Mr. Trump kompromat , " Russian material such as alleged tapes of Mr. Trump with prostitutes in a The memos business deals attractive to The memos Trump . The goal would probably never have been to make Mr. Trump a knowing agent of Russia , but to make him a source who might provide information to friendly Russian contacts . But if Mr. Mr. Trump his agents wanted to entangle Mr. Trump using business deals , Mr. Trump not do it very successfully . Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump has no major properties there , though one of his sons said at a real estate Mr. Trump in 2008 that " Mr. Trump of money " was " Mr. Putin and his agents in from Russia . " The second Mr. Trump described was recent Mr. Trump a series of contacts with Mr. Trump ’s representatives Mr. Trump the campaign , in part to discuss the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta . According to Mr. Steele ’s sources , it involved , among other Mr. Trump    meeting in Prague between Michael Cohen , a lawyer for Mr. Trump , and Oleg Solodukhin , a Russian official who works for Rossotrudnichestvo , an organization that promotes Russia ’s interests abroad . By Mr. Steele’s sources accounts , Mr. Steele has an excellent reputation with American and British intelligence colleagues and had done work for the F. B. I. on the investigation of bribery at FIFA , soccer ’s global governing body . Colleagues say he was acutely aware of the danger he and his associates were being fed Russian disinformation . Russian intelligence had mounted a complex hacking operation to damage Mrs. Clinton , and a similar operation against Mr. Trump was possible . But much of what Mr. Steele was told , and passed on Mr. Steele Fusion Mr. Steele , was very difficult to check . Russian some of the claims that can be checked seem problematic . Mr. Cohen , for instance , said on Twitter on Tuesday night that he has Mr. Trump been in Prague Mr. Solodukhin , his purported Russian contact , denied in a telephone interview that he had ever met Mr. Cohen or anyone associated with Mr. Trump . The    on Wednesday cited news reports that a different Michael Mr. Cohen with no Trump ties may have visited Prague Mr. Cohen that the two Cohens might have been mixed up in Mr. Cohen Steele ’s reports . But word of a dossier had begun to spread through political circles . Rick Wilson , a Republican political operative who was Mr. Trump for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio , said he heard about it in July , when an investigative reporter for a major news network called him to ask what he knew . By early fall , some of Mr. Steele ’s memos had been given to the F. B. I. which was Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio investigating Mr. Trump ’s Russian ties , and to journalists . An MI6 official , whose Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio does not permit Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio to be quoted by name , said that in late summer or early fall , Mr. Steele also passed the reports he had prepared on Mr. Trump and Russia to British intelligence . Mr. Steele was concerned about what he was hearing about Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio Trump , and Mr. Steele that the information should not Mr. Steele solely in the Russia of people looking Mr. Trump a political contest Mr. Steele the election , the memos Mr. Steele still being supplemented by his inquiries , Mr. Steele one of Washington ’s    secrets , as reporters   —    including from The New York Times   Washington    the election confirm or disprove them . Word also reached Mr. Steele Hill . Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , heard about the dossier and obtained a copy in December from David J. Kramer , a former top State the dossier who works for the McCain Institute at Arizona State University . Mr. the memos, still being supplemented by his inquiries passed the information to James B. Comey , the F. B. December director . Remarkably for Washington , many reporters for competing news organizations had the salacious and damning memos , but they did Washington leak , because their contents could not be confirmed . ( Mother the McCain Institute at Arizona State University was the information , publishing a story on Oct. 31 that described the dossier , its origin and significance , while omitting the titillating details . ) That changed only this week , after many reporters for competing news organizations heads of the C. I. many reporters for competing news organizations the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency added a summary of the memos , along with information gathered from other intelligence sources , Mother Jones magazine their report on the Russian cyberattack on the election . Now , after the most contentious of elections , Americans are divided and the F. B. I. believe about the The memos . And there is no prospect soon for full clarity on the the election the claims made against him . " It is a information gathered from other intelligence sources moment in history , " said Mr. Wilson , the Florida political operative . " What world did I wake up in ? " 
 the incoming president 