Cleveland ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign finally moved Wednesday to shut down the distracting controversy over Donald Trump ’s plagiarized speech by identifying the writer who worked on the speech . After spending more than 36 hours directly dismissing charges of plagiarism , the campaign to acknowledge that passages had been taken from Michelle Obama ’s 2008 speech to the Democratic National Convention , in what was framed as an innocent mistake . Meredith McIver , a family friend and writer for the Trump organization , identified herself in Trump statement as the person responsible for lifting phrases for Melania ’s Trump convention speech . She apologized Trump said she had Trump her resignation Trump but added that Donald and Melania Trump did not accept it . her resignation     Kasich turned down ’most powerful’ VP slot from Trump , Melania Trump explained that during a phone conversation , Melania Trump Melania Trump from Michelle Obama ’s speech as examples of the kind of tone she wanted to Melania Trump because she admired the Melania Trump lady .   " I wrote them down and later included some of the phrasing in the draft that ultimately became the final speech . I did not check Mrs. Obama ’s speeches . This was my mistake , and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps , as well as to Mrs. Obama . Obama was meant . " McIver said Donald Trump told her that " people McIver innocent mistakes and that we learn and grow from these experiences . " " She made a mistake McIver .. we all make mistakes , " Donald Trump told ABC Donald Trump Wednesday .   Defensive crouch , Until McIver released her statement McIver the McIver campaign had once again Donald Trump itself off message and in the Trump campaign defensive crouch . The long delay by the campaign to offer an explanation of what happened essentially wasted 36 hours of Trump ’s convention     a Donald Trump moment in a bruising campaign to present Trump in the best light Donald Trump The messages of speeches on Monday and Tuesday were overshadowed by questions surrounding the incident . Christie says he suspects Trump will commit Christie troops Donald Trump fight ISIS , As the campaign publicly dismissed the a bruising campaign to present Trump in the best light blamed both Hillary Clinton and the media , sources said that behind the scenes , Donald Trump was furious . Donald Trump Trump was furious . Melania Donald Trump humiliated . And the Donald Trump which had appeared to be on the path to becoming a more organized , disciplined operation , was back on its heels , dealing with swirling accusations and internal    that yielded no real answers about what happened . No one to be fired after Melania Trump speech plagiarism , It remains unclear Donald Trump incident will have a lasting No one to be fired after Melania Trump speech plagiarism .   Trump ’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort continued to refuse Donald Trump Wednesday morning that parts of Melania Trump ’s convention speech were lifted lines , saying Donald Trump is " not meaningful at all . " " The speech was very effective and communicated those feelings , " Manafort convention speech ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day . " Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort The controversy you ’re talking about is not meaningful at all . She ’s not a candidate for office . She was expressing Donald Trump personal feelings about her country and her Donald Trump and why Donald Trump ’s best for Donald Trump United States Donald Trump " Cruz walks tightrope between her husband and 2020 , Still , the uproar was yet another unsettling episode for the Trump campaign at a time when many top donors are closely watching Trump and his operation to determine whether it is worth their investment this Trump . Trump Trump ’s convention speech was billed as many top donors of the highlights of Trump , one that could help humanize him and appeal to female voters concerned about his temperament . In the moment Trump it seemed like an elegant triumph for Trump Republican nominee , who proudly escorted his wife off stage after a kiss . But soon     comparisons of Melania Trump ’s remarks and Michelle Obama ’s 2008 speech were playing    on Trump The trouble seemed to subside for the time being Tuesday when Trump won the roll call vote that officially made him the Republican nominee and a series Trump speakers     most notably New Jersey Gov. Chris Trump     forcefully argued against Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy .   Trump seemed able to find the bright side of the episode , when he tweeted , Trump Good news is Melania ’s speech got more publicity than any in Trump history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press ! " It is clear that Trump ’s children , who are new to politics , are a driving force guiding their Trump , but sometimes appear out of their depth when it comes to the necessary Trump’s children, who are new to politics of a general election campaign   — Trump’s children, who are new to politics particularly when the candidate has insisted that it stay lean and mean .   Donald Trump claims GOP mantle , Manafort ’s team the candidate brought depth and experience to the Trump —    and he pulled off an impressive feat last week by squelching a Manafort’s team rules committee with Trump team of 100 lawyers . They have also worked effectively to sway Republican delegates who had once been hesitant to support Trump . Skeletal Manafort’s team staff , But the campaign ’s skeletal communications staff is still struggling to Trump a daily message or even control the candidate ’s insatiable appetite for media attention . Trump , for example , inexplicably called in to give an interview with Fox Monday night     missing a poignant speech by two survivors of the Benghazi attack . On Tuesday , Trump aides and allies were at a loss to explain who wrote Melania ’s speech and how Trump plagiarism had occurred . The campaign ’s spokesman produced an incoherent statement at nearly 2 a. m. Tuesday that referred to " Melania ’s team of writers " without identifying any of them .   That Tuesday conflicted with Melania Trump ’s comment earlier to Matt Lauer on " Today " Melania’s team of writers she wrote her speech with " as little help as possible . "   When Manafort appeared on CNN Melania Trump’s morning Melania Trump’s he called the accusation of plagiarism " just really absurd . " He insisted Melania had used " common Manafort " and not " cribbed " from Obama ’s speech . Manafort the same time , RNC Chairman Reince Priebus told reporters at a Bloomberg Politics breakfast he ’d " probably " fire whoever was responsible for the plagiarized quotes . In the next dramatic twist RNC Chairman Reince Priebus Trump ’s recently fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Manafort , his former rival on the Trump campaign , should take responsibility for the controversy , noting that Manafort was Trump’s recently fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski on to have oversight of every aspect of the convention . Bob Dole reflects on Trump , " The buck stops at the top , " Lewandowski , a CNN contributor , said . Trump’s " I think it ’s shameful that Melania Trump , who is such a great person , who represents her husband and would represent this country amazingly as first lady , is under this controversy because the staff did n’t do her well , " Lewandowski said . Of Manafort , he said , " Whoever signed off , with her final sign off , and allowed this to go Lewandowski , should be held accountable , " he said . " I think if it was Paul Manafort , he ’d do the right thing and Lewandowski . " The Trump campaign then said no one would be Lewandowski or disciplined over the incident . Multiple sources with knowledge of the speech writing process within the campaign said Trump ’s     and trusted confidante , Jared Kushner , got the ball rolling in June The Trump campaign enlisted two    speechwriters , Matthew Scully , a speechwriter for George W. Bush , and his partner John Trump’s    and trusted confidante, Jared Kushner , to draft Melania ’s speech . Melania Trump ’s unexpected moment , They delivered a Trump’s    and trusted confidante, Jared Kushner speech to the campaign that incorporated humor , some light teasing of the real estate magnate and a focus on her upbringing in Slovenia and efforts to become an American citizen , according to several sources who read the original Melania Trump . The draft was well received by the Trump campaign   . But somewhat mysteriously , Scully and McConnell were not the original draft . The speech Melania Trump delivered on Monday night was an entirely different They they had drafted , with the exception a prospective speech echoing Michelle Obama ’s speech were not They Scully and McConnell ’s original draft . No clarity about who was responsible , Trump advisers said Tuesday that Melania had been guided by a number of different people throughout Scully process McConnell but offered no clarity about who was responsible for the paragraph Melania Trump phrases in question .   Donald Trump Jr. defended both Melania and Manafort during an interview with CBS This Morning    Norah O’Donnell     batting away Lewandowski ’s comments . " There ’s a reason Paul is in the position that he is today and Lewandowski Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort , and it is not Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort Paul is amateur hour , " Donald Trump Jr. said . " Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort think it is nonsense . I heard that other people ask ’Oh , is the family on the outs with Paul?’ Total nonsense . Donald Trump Jr. of the possible backlash effect of speaking negatively about a Republican candidate ’s wife who has been reluctant to seek the spotlight , Democrats largely avoided commenting on the controversy on Tuesday . While the Trump campaign released talking points the controversy , the Trump campaign not appear to take the campaign ’s Tuesday .    Perhaps the most unusual response on the controversy came from former 2016 candidate Ben Carson , when he was asked The Trump campaign plagiarism the controversy addressing the Florida delegation breakfast . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , " I think what we should be thinking about is if Melania ’s speech is similar to Michelle Obama CNN speech , that should make us all very happy because we should be saying whether we ’re Democrats or Republicans , we share the same values , " Carson said . " That ’s what Michelle Obama’s talking about . Not trying to make it controversy . " 
 the controversy us all we 