Bestselling author Stephen King is " disappointed " in the country that propelled Donald Trump ’s rise to claim the Republican presidential nomination . [ In an interview with Rolling Stone this week , Bestselling author Stephen King weighed in on Trump ’s Donald Trump political ascent and his belief Bestselling author Stephen King presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton is the only candidate " remotely qualified " to handle the country ’s top job .   " I am very disappointed in the country the country King told Rolling Stone of Trump ’s Donald Trump popularity . " I think that he ’s Bestselling author Stephen King of the last stand of a sort of American male who feels like women have gotten out of their place and women ’re letting women all these people that have the wrong skin colors . He speaks Bestselling author Stephen King those people . " " Trump is Donald Trump popular because people would like to have a world where you just did n’t question that the white American was at the top of the pecking order , " he added Bestselling author Stephen King King had made his displeasure with King known Donald Trump in May , he joined hundreds King other authors in signing an open letter " unequivocally " opposing the billionaire real estate magnate ’s presidential candidacy . The horror Bestselling author Stephen King attacked Trump and his supporters Donald Trump social Bestselling author Stephen King , tweeting in December that the thought of people voting " for this rabid coyote leaves me speechless . " King told Rolling Stone Bestselling author Stephen King Trump ’s rise to Donald Trump top of the Republican ticket can be traced back to the early days of his campaign , when Bestselling author Stephen King and media outlets dismissed him as a joke Bestselling author Stephen King " I saw a poll the other day that said , Hillary Clinton is only leading him by three points Bestselling author Stephen King If that ’s true , you have to go back to that time when he rode that escalator Bestselling author Stephen King and announced the presidency , and everyone thought that it was a joke , " King said . " Bestselling author Stephen King Stone thought he was a joke Bestselling author Stephen King Jon Stewart said , ‘ Oh please , let him continue to run Bestselling author Stephen King ’s the best Bestselling author Stephen King material that we ’ve had.’ Well , nobody is laughing anymore . " Of his own presidential preference Bestselling author Stephen King King made it clear Bestselling author Stephen King of all the candidates in this year ’s race , " the only one who is remotely qualified to do the job is Hillary Clinton . " " There ’s a lot of prejudice against her , just because she Hillary Clinton a woman , Hillary Clinton the author explained . " Having been raised by a woman and lived in a family where my wife has , like , six sisters , I hate that . " Read the rest of King ’s interview with Rolling Stone here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,    
 