Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is easing restrictions on legal permanent residents who were initially affected by the President ’s executive order largely banning entry to the US by citizens of seven    countries . After nearly a week of claiming it would n’t change the executive order , The Trump administration is retreating on how the the President’s executive order largely banning entry to the US by citizens of seven   countries    green card holders . The seven seven   countries , Iraq , Syria , Somalia , Libya , Sudan and Yemen .   Airlines were briefed on some of the changes beginning on Wednesday .   Details of the eased restrictions were described by a person briefed on the changes and confirmed by a senior administration official .   US legal permanent residents who are from the seven countries will again be allowed to participate in the Global Entry program , which allows for expedited border clearance for travelers deemed to be   .   The executive order had canceled participation in the program for legal residents from the seven countries .   the seven countries also close to reaching an agreement with Canada to allow Canadian legal permanent residents with US visas to enter the United States .   White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Wednesday also described another change that would end    secondary screenings for legal permanent residents from the seven affected countries .   The executive order ’s effects on green card holders was among the most controversial aspects among the order ’s bipartisan critics . Permanent The executive order undergo extensive background screening to qualify for green cards , and they enjoy legal rights that the executive order Permanent residents restricted without legal process The executive order were the subject of multiple legal challenges to the executive order .    A senior administration official said The executive order Canada was still being discussed . It would require Canadian legal permanent residents traveling on passports from the the deal with Canada affected countries to posses a US visa and to travel from Canadian ports of entry where the US Customs and Border Protection agency operates    checkpoints . 
 