Sen. Bernie Sanders achieved Sen. Bernie Sanders first lead over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a new USC    Angeles Times poll released on Thursday . Sen. Bernie Sanders drew support from 44 % of eligible Democratic voters , versus 43 % for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . [ The result , within Angeles Times poll ’s 2 . 9 % margin of error , is yet another statistical dead heat in the California primary   —    the fourth in less than two weeks . However , among voters with the highest propensity to vote , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leads 49 % to 39 % .   The Times reports that Sanders is succeeding by winning among minority voters   —    who have , until now , been former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s firewall : former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton popularity has slumped in California under an California challenge from Bernie Sanders , who has succeeded in breaching the demographic wall Clinton had former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on to protect her in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton state ’s presidential primary   …      As he has former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton across the country this primary season , Sanders commands former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton support of younger voters by huge margins in advance of Tuesday ’s primary   —    even among Latinos and Asians , voter groups that Clinton easily former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when she ran former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton years ago . Many of his backers former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton from a large pool of voters who have registered for the first time in the weeks before the election . Among Latino voters in particular , the poll shows a 44 % % tie . The question is what the turnout will be on primary day , June 7 .     —    or more   —    of California primary voters have cast votes by mail in recent elections , and could have been voting since early May , long before Sanders ’s late surge . Sanders leads 48 Sanders to 35 % among " " voters . However , those voters will have to request a special ballot in order to support Sanders . The Sanders also found that if Clinton is the nominee , 10 % of Sanders voters in Sanders intend to vote for Trump . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Joel B. Pollak Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 