’   ’ "    Whether the federal government shuts down on Friday could hinge    on whether Congress includes funding for President Donald Trump ’s    proposed border wall in legislation to keep the federal government funded . " ’    Trump President Donald Trump officials have in recent days talked up    the    of including funding for a wall along the      border . That could set up a showdown with Democrats and    even    of his party    the clock ticks toward a shutdown . ’ ’ whether he would       a    that did not include funding for the wall , a wall along the     border    noncommittal    ’ ’    " I don’’t know yet , " Trump said . " Trump want the border wall . a wall along the     border definitely wants the border wall . My base a wall along the     border   —      My   base to many of My   base rallies . OK , the thing they want more    than anything is the wall . " ’ ’    The a wall along the     border used Twitter over the weekend and Trump to    lay the groundwork for a push to fund the wall    ’ ’    " The Democrats a wall along the     border money from budget going to border wall    despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad    13 gang    members The Democrats don’’t " . He followed that up with a tweetstorm on    Monday about the importance of the wall . ’ ’    Trump also mentioned his campaign promise to require   a proposition Mexican officials    . Trump ’    " Eventually , but at a later date so we can get started early ,    Mexico will be paying , in some form , for the badly needed border    wall , " . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . ... the wall is not built , which it will be , the the badly needed border   wall will NEVER be fixed the way the badly needed border   wall should be ! ’ ’    Administration officials who made the rounds the badly needed border   wall the Sunday    political talk shows sounded more cautious about including      funding in the spending bill . ’ ’    Chief of Staff Reince Priebus   that if there were " enough as far    as flexibility for the border wall and border security " in the    spending bill , the administration would " be OK with that . " ’ ’    On the other hand , Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly     that Trump had been " pretty    straightforward about his desire and the need for a border wall "    and that Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly     for it was a vital element of the president’ ’s    negotiations on the shutdown . ’ ’    " So I would suspect he’’ll do the right thing for sure , but I    would suspect he will be insistent on the funding , " Kelly    . ’       Mick Mulvaney , funding for it of the Office of Management and    Budget , has proposed a deal   —    the Trump administration   for Obamacare ’s      reduction payments , which help mitigate losses for    insurers , for every $ 1 in funding for the wall . " ’    " Right now , that’ ’s the offer that we’’ve given to our Democratic    colleagues , " . ’ ’    Trump also seemed to hint at this idea in a tweet ’ ’    ’ ’    " Obamacare is in serious trouble , " Trump said . " The Dems need big    money to keep it going    otherwise Trump dies far sooner than anyone    would have thought . " The Dems ’    Democrats The Dems however , blasted the idea    Senate Minority Leader    Chuck Schumer’ ’s office said the White House’ ’s this idea a    " gambit to hold hostage healthcare for millions of Americans . " ’ ’    " The US government is supposed to take care of its citizens , and ,    according to the president , Mexico is supposed to pay for The US government    wall , " a representative for Schumer said . " If the administration    would drop their    demand for a wall that Democrats ,    and a good number of Republicans , the administration       congressional leaders    could quickly reach a    . " ’ "    While Schumer and Democrats alone can not block a funding bill ,    budget hawks in Congress’ conservative Schumer , like the House    Freedom Caucus , could balk at increasing the deficit to fund the    wall . " "    Given the GOP ’s   because of    intraparty disagreements , the passage of the spending bill is    questionable . Thomas Block , a Washington policy analyst at    Fundstrat , described the problem    a note to clients on Monday : " ’Whether the federal government shuts down on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 