  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s patio strategy session at     on Saturday evening is drawing scrutiny for its    nature , including aides’ use of cell phone flashlights to illuminate potentially sensitive documents . As President Donald Trump discussed a response to North Korea ’s missile test with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , other diners looked on freely . The newlyweds in the middle of a    summit , Sources who do n’t work in national security or government but were also dining on the patio Saturday evening could n’t say whether the conversations or documents were classified . The White House did n’t respond to a request for information about how sensitive information is treated at Trump ’s Florida estate . But the episode     which was documented by diners in photographs on Facebook     does raise questions about how the Trump administration will handle foreign policy crises on the road . The White House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted Monday : " There ’s no excuse for letting an international crisis play out in front of a bunch of country club members like dinner theater . " Presidents always travel with secure communications equipment , even when Presidents ’re on vacation . A Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility , known as a SCIFF , also comes along . The    structure can fit inside a hotel room and allows The President to conduct sensitive phone calls without the risk of being detected by recording devices . At     on Saturday , it had not been immediately clear whether Trump utilized that equipment , but White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters Monday he White House spokesman Sean Spicer . " The President was briefed in a SCIFF prior to dinner , " Spicer White House spokesman Sean Spicer reporters Monday Monday " They were reviewing the logistics for the press conference . .. President The President subsequently briefed in a classified setting . " Trump was spotted speaking on a cell phone at his Trump table as advisers surrounded him Trump develop a response to the missile launch . Sheets of paper were produced and read with the assistance of flashlights on aides’ cell phones     which , if compromised , could also act as cameras or recording devices . On Facebook , fellow diners posted photos of the action , including one with a flash bulb illuminating a piece of paper held in front of Abe . " It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan , " Richard DeAgazio wrote in his Abe . " The Prime Minister Abe of Japan Japan with his The Prime Minister Abe of Japan and the President is on the phone with Washington DC . the two world leaders then conferred and then went into another room for hastily arranged press conference . Wow . .... the center of the action ! ! ! " DeAgazio Richard DeAgazio The Washington Post in an interview he Richard DeAgazio n’t overhear what was being said due to the background noise . " You do n’t hear anything . You ca n’t hear , " DeAgazio Richard DeAgazio . " I mean , I can barely hear what ’s going on at my table . " The The Washington Post he deleted The Washington Post Facebook The Washington Post after the interview an interview DeAgazio Richard DeAgazio pictures , other diners chimed in . " OMG . I was watching very close by . Had no idea what it was about , " wrote Derek Smith . " We should have known something was up , " wrote another person , Bruce Taylor , who said he was on Derek Smith     patio Saturday night . " Debbie and I were seated on ’center stage’ by the door . The flurry of activity was amazing . About 6 guys in suits showed up in a hurry . They all had About 6 guys in suits something important inside . I saw one guy with a special backpack that could only have contained a small machine gun ! The Army guy with ’the football’ was staying VERY close . " 
 