  ( CNN ) A little before midnight on Monday , March 20 , James Harris Jackson , a white Army veteran from Maryland , set upon a stranger on a New York City street and stabbed James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland to death .   By early Wednesday , James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland walked into a police station and confessed . James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland did not know the victim ,     Timothy Caughman . James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland only knew that Caughman was black . That was enough .   In a jailhouse interview with the New York Daily News , James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland expressed one note of regret .   " I did n’t know ( Caughman ) was elderly , " James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland said , explaining that James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland preferred victim would have been " a young thug " or " a successful older black man with blondes . " On Monday , a week after the attack , a grand jury brought an indictment . Two of the four counts against James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland included an unusual designation     murder , but qualified as " an act of terrorism . " " James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland wanted to kill black men , planned to kill black men and then did kill a black man , " said Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance , adding that he Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance it in New York , a diverse city , to send a message . At the White House on the same day , a reporter questioned press secretary Sean Spicer about Caughman ’s murder and , specifically , Jackson James Harris Jackson, a white Army veteran from Maryland subsequent statements .   " So , what do you say to this ? " American Urban Radio Networks reporter April Ryan said . " This is clear     it This racism at its This . " Spicer press secretary Sean Spicer about Caughman a blanket condemnation of " hate crimes , other crimes ,    crimes , " but never commented specifically on the attack in Manhattan , saying : " I do n’t know all the details . "   President Donald Trump ’s Twitter feed remains silent on the matter . In the days after the murder , Trump President Donald Trump about " National Agriculture Day , " NASA and the GOP health care bill . After Jackson turned himself Jackson , Trump President Donald Trump out two messages about an attack in London that left four dead , including the alleged assailant .   " A great American , Kurt Cochran , was killed in the London London attack , " Trump President Donald Trump . " My prayers and condolences are with his President Donald Trump and friends . " But nothing about Manhattan . Caughman has been absent from the presidential social media feed . Jackson , too . The White House did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday . A natural question follows . What separates the the London terror attack In both cases , individuals allegedly driven by hateful ideologies had committed deadly acts in their respective services     and done so in locations individuals allegedly driven by hateful ideologies would focus media attention .   " The deadly attack on Timothy Caughman was domestic , the London terror attack City Mayor Bill de Blasio tweeted on Tuesday . " Why is the White House afraid to call it a hate Tuesday ? " Whatever Trump says     or does n’t say the White House about Caughman ’s killing , the broader reaction across the political spectrum and in the Timothy Caughman be reduced to a similar point : " terrorism " in the     American vernacular has become shorthand for " Islamic terrorism . " Think of the 2010 Austin terror attack . Does n’t ring a bell ? You ’re probably not alone .   When Andrew Joseph Stack III , a white Texan , flew a small airplane into the Internal Revenue Service office building in Austin seven years ago , killing himself and one person inside , authorities were careful Austin to describe the act as " terrorism . " " Part of our jobs in law enforcement is not to overreact and cause undue panic , " Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo said . " And with the information that we had , there was no need to alarm our colleagues around the country and community members by using the word ’terrorism.’ That is we definitely I did not use it yesterday and I ’m not using it today . "   But Stack ’s the word words , from his apparent suicide the word , were plain . He railed at length against the tax Stack , citing its finer points as " Stack measure of a totalitarian regime . "   The the tax code continued : " I would only hope that by striking a nerve that stimulates the inevitable double standard ,    government reaction that results in more stupid draconian restrictions people wake up and begin to see the pompous political thugs and their mindless minions for what they are . " Stack had plotted to use deadly , spectacular violence in an their to trigger a political reaction     in the service of political aims . It fit the federal definition of " domestic terrorism " to the letter . But even then , during the first Obama administration , officials were loath to use the term . During an interview on The Diane Rehm Show weeks later , former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano sought to carve out a distinction . " To our belief , ( Stack ) was a lone wolf , " she said . " He used a terrorist tactic , but an individual who uses former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano terrorist tactic does former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano necessarily mean they are part of an organized group attempting an attack on the United States . an individual who uses a terrorist tactic   Napolitano ’s description mapped out , if tortuously , a clear difference . But it former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano the word . By her given logic , a single individual without material Napolitano’s description from others could not     by former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano     carry out a terror attack .   The rise of ISIS further complicated the matter . Based in Iraq and Syria , the group is often referred to as having " inspired " an attack . In the chaotic hours after , analysts and experts search for certain " hallmarks " to denote the ISIS influence . The perpetrators , in these cases , are not members of the group ISIS nor lone wolves     they are something in between . An unwelcome nuance the group times . The full facts surrounding The perpetrators ’s alleged murder of Caughman have not yet fully emerged . But if Jackson ’s confession withstands the legal process , and especially if the charges as currently constructed are Jackson , today ’s questions will linger on much longer . 
 