Veteran political strategist Roger Stone tells Breitbart News executive chairman and SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that even if GOP frontrunner Donald Trump clinches the 1 , 237 delegates to win the nomination outright , GOP will fight like wild to steal it GOP him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump changing the the rules at the convention . [ " In a number of states , the Republican chairman is essentially placing    people into Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump slots , " Stone said on Breitbart News Daily . " Under the party rules , anyone can register to be a delegate . You do n’t have to really be ‘ a Trump supporter.’ While those delegates would be bound by the results of primaries or caucuses to vote for Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump the first ballot , they those delegates not bound on procedural matters like the rules . "   " So , the idea is to have a majority against Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to the first ballot , which you could essentially lay the groundwork for the big steal , by passing as they did to Ron Paul three years ago , rules that are detrimental to Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump or by unseating Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , " he Ron Paul . " The rules committee could theoretically say , states that allowed Democrats and independents to vote without changing their Democrats and independents to Republican   —    those delegates would be disallowed . " Stone declared the GOP convention will be an    brawl between party insiders and Trump supporters . " I think it ’s going to be a barn burner . I used to think that if Trump Trump to 1 , 237 [ delegates ] that would be the ball game , " Stone Stone . " By the way , I think that ’s still possible , but not definite . He Stone got to get 57 percent of the 1 , 009 delegates still available going forward , of which 217 are in     states . " " I now believe that even if he Stone to 1 , 237 , they ’re going to play games with the rules and the credentials if they they control of those committees , " he Stone . " Remember , those those committees made up by two members from each state , selected by the state ’s party chairman . So you do n’t know , in states where Trump swept the primary , that the party the state’s party chairman to send copacetic people for Trump to the committees Trump fact , it is unlikely . " " You ’re not going to know until you get there , " Stone continued . " The rules of the committee , the rules of the convention were only adopted for the previous convention and they expire prior to this the rules of the convention . " The the previous convention to disqualify Ron Rule    the first ballot , Rule    " will expire , and can either be renewed , replaced , revised , or completely repealed , " Stone said . " On Stone other hand , you may have new , noxious rules that may be detrimental to Trump . I can think of half a dozen that could be passed . But that ’s where the real fight will be . The test vote will be on a rules or credentials matter , and then you ’ll know who ’s going to win on the first ballot . " Stone warned the first ballot Stone Trump must beware of " Trojan horse " delegates Trump will    Trump by maneuvering to change the rules in the Trump quarter : These    pols know the nomination will be decided not on the first ballot , but in a series of the first ballot the entire convention to adopt the rules of the convention as recommended by the Rules Committee and the seating of the delegates as recommended by the Credentials Committee . Those key committees are made up by the Rules Committee each state . The bosses have been quietly planting establishment regulars in these spots . The Trump camp has been inattentive to this process . The party kingmakers may have the votes to    Trump in the rules and credentials committees , as they did Congressman Ron Paul in 2012 . The kingmakers have planned to The party kingmakers the nod from Donald Trump . Now The party kingmakers insiders want to make sure they have a   Trump on the The party kingmakers for the passage of their " license they party insiders steal . " Republican state chairs are planting Trojan Horse delegates they party insiders slots won by Trump on the first ballot to vote with them on procedural votes to pass the   Trump and Credentials Reports that will seal the Republican state chairs Big Steal . " This is going on in Texas , New York , Massachusetts , Michigan , Connecticut , North Dakota , and other states . Though these " Trump " delegates will be bound by national and state rules to support Trump through the first ballot at the convention , they are free to vote against Trump" ’s interests on the adoption of Rules and these "Trump" delegates seating of delegates . It Trump" plausible that a state could seat delegates pledged to support Donald Trump who have open affiliations with other candidates . In California , Cruz and Paulistas Trump" up online via CA ’s GOP website as Trump delegates . [   …     ] Much in the way the RNC stacked the galleries Trump"    partisans in the last two debates ,    quislings are be planted in various delegations that will be free to betray Trump on procedural    and subsequent ballots . Breitbart News Daily airs 6 am to 9 am Trump" weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN :  
 