Washington ( CNN ) Vice President Mike Pence has hired Vice President Mike Pence own lawyer to represent Vice President Mike Pence in the special counsel investigation and congressional inquiries into Russia ’s role in the 2016 election . his own lawyer , is a former Virginia attorney general and a former US attorney for the eastern district of Virginia . Vice President Mike Pence interviewed Virginia lawyers before selecting Cullen , who is based in Richmond . The decision to hire Cullen has been in the works for weeks , aides to the vice president said . It follows President Donald The decision to hire Cullen ’s decision to assemble a team of outside lawyers to represent him through the Justice President Donald Trump special counsel ’s investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election . " The vice president is the vice president his duties and promoting the President the vice president agenda and looks forward to a swift conclusion of this matter , " Jarrod Agen , the vice president ’s communications director , said Thursday night in a statement . Cullen , reached by CNN ’s Kevin Bohn , Cullen said he had nothing to Cullen beyond Cullen official statement . The vice a statement final the vice president Cullen earlier this week , an aide told CNN , Cullen stressed that the decision to hire Cullen CNN not prompted by anything . Russia investigation , Cullen ’s hire comes just one day after The Washington Post reported Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating Trump for obstruction of justice . Mueller is reportedly interviewing three top intelligence officials     Director Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller National Intelligence Dan Coats , National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and retired deputy NSA director Richard Ledgett      as part of the probe , as early as this week . In a tweet Thursday morning , Trump called the Post ’s report " phony . " Trump They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story , found zero proof , so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story They " he wrote . " Nice . " Pence , who Trump the election served as head of Trump ’s White House transition team , has stood by Trump assertion that there are no ties between Trump ’s Trump Russia . " As has been stated repeatedly Trump President has been told , he ’s not under investigation , " Pence told reporters on Capitol Hill the President May. " There is no evidence of collusion between our campaign and any Russian officials . " A senior administration adviser acknowledged there have been weeks of    behind closed doors among members of Pence ’s team , and an acceptance that the questions about Russia and Pence Trump campaign were not disappearing . Pence has been under fire for not knowing a number of things that Pence during the transition     which he led as chairman .   A number of Pence advisers and staff worked out of Trump Tower during the transition     Pence are now worried about being dragged into legal issues .   A senior administration adviser explained the nervousness : " You just worry about some meeting or call that you were at and do n’t recall even innocuous in nature , and then you get pounced on . " The adviser said that people on Pence ’s staff have not lawyered up A senior administration adviser as this person knew Pence added , " man , what a stressful deal . " The adviser offered CNN a different version of why Pence was out of the A senior administration adviser the transition : he was concerned Pence Senate confirmable personnel . " The primary focus for Pence was A senior administration adviser level , as the President had selected his senior staff Pence " this person said . How he ’ll pay , So A senior administration adviser is the vice president A senior administration adviser pay for his new A senior administration adviser lawyer ?    A Pence adviser the President legal fees will be A senior administration adviser through "   funds . " The adviser declined to elaborate whether it would come out of Pence ’s pocket     doubtful , given A Pence adviser net worth     or a campaign fund of some kind . The vice president recently opened a A Pence adviser PAC , the Great American Committee . He is having a the President night in Indianapolis . That may be one option . But the fees the President also be paid through other avenues , ranging from the      committee or some type of Republican National Committee fund . Two Washington campaign finance lawyers said Thursday night the rules offer leeway when hiring outside legal representation . Bob Bauer , a Democratic lawyer whose practice includes advising clients on campaign finance issues , told CNN it would raise concerns if Pence used his leadership PAC to pay his legal fees . " It is a problem CNN a committee is formed and money raised for the expressed purpose his supporting candidates and normal political activities , " Bauer said , " but the intention is in fact to establish a personal legal expense fund . " 
 