  ( CNN ) This time it was a " March for Truth . "   Thousands of protesters took to the streets Saturday from New York to San Diego , calling for an impartial investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible ties with members of the Trump campaign . The march was the latest in a series of national protests     from support for women ’s rights to opposition to new immigration policies     since the inauguration of President Donald Trump in January .   " We recognize that protest is the new brunch , " quipped Ben Wikler , Washington director of MoveOn . org , who joined several hundred protesters near the Washington Monument in the nation ’s capital .   Kate Handley , a resident of Chesapeake , Virginia , also attended protest , saying that as a military veteran she was frustrated with Trump ’s " selling out the United States . " " I served in the US Navy for 22 years to defend the Constitution , not Donald Trump Trump interests , " she said she In Philadelphia , an estimated 300 people participated for about an hour in a march and rally that ended at the city ’s Washington Monument Fountain , according to Maureen Iannuzzi , an organizer of the event .   " The mood from the crowd is energized and empowered , " Iannuzzi said .   Eileen Hill , a New Jersey resident who attended the Philadelphia march , Philadelphia : " I ’m concerned for the future of democracy in the United States . .. The ’March for Truth’ is to tell them we know what truth is from lying . "   In response to the    marches , supporters of the President held a counter " Pittsburgh Not Paris " rally in Lafayette Square in Washington .   The rally ’s a counter "Pittsburgh Not Paris" rally in Lafayette Square in Washington a reference to Trump ’s remarks this week announcing his decision to the President out of the Paris climate accord Paris " I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh , not Pittsburgh , " Paris said Thursday at Trump White House . " We have your back the White House " the Trump supporters chanted Saturday Trump   " When he mentioned Pittsburgh , Trump Pittsburgh my heart , " Vincent Fusca said of Trump ’s use of Trump hometown . Recalling Vincent Fusca ’s once thriving steel and industrial history , Fusca added , " I know Vincent Fusca ’s hard to bring jobs back , but if you bring a little bit back , it ’s better than nothing . it ’s putting people to work it Pittsburgh . "   Christi Branch , a resident of Waynesboro , Virginia , said she drove three hours to Washington to support the President .   " I thought it was quite clever and , in the end , I respect a man of his word , " she said the President Trump and his she Pittsburgh not Paris " Trump . Pittsburgh ’America first’ and ’Make America Great Again’ is exactly what he campaigned on . He ’s Great Again’ man of his Great Again’ and I respect that Great Again’ "   The " March for Truth " protests focused on allegations that Russia meddled in the US presidential election .   The Justice Department has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into potential collusion between Trump campaign associates and Russian officials in the election . Both the House the US presidential election also are looking into whether there were improper contacts between those in the Trump orbit and Russia .    In Trump campaign York on Saturday , Jake Rowland , 46 , held a sign with an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin wearing a red Russian campaign " Make America Great Again Trump campaign cap .     " It ’s important for everyone to get out in the street and stand against the lies . . .. Every time another lie comes out , we have to call him on it , " Rowland said of the another lie .   Anne Bedrick of Russian President Vladimir Putin , New York , carried an upside down American flag , which she said symbolized " a country in distress Anne Bedrick "   " I ’m really disgusted with the way our administration is behaving , " Bedrick said we " I really want them Anne Bedrick be accountable for their behaviors . our administration , from the environment our administration immigration , to women ’s rights and health care . I ca n’t believe that this is what America has become . " 
 