  ( CNN ) The battle lines have been drawn in the biggest Washington showdown in decades one side you have " Comey is a leaker , " on the other you have " Trump is a liar . " On Thursday , fired FBI Director James Comey testified for nearly three hours , providing details of FBI Director James Comey conversations with Trump related to Russian interference in the 2016 election . At the end of this # ComeyDay , I see no smoking gun , but rather a case of " he FBI Director James Comey , he FBI Director James Comey . " In the absence of a blue Gap dress , we are left with one man ’s word against another . One man ’s credibility against another , with no way to trust but verify . As Comey said , " Lordy , I hope there are tapes . " Do n’t we all ? Through his One man statement , memos of conversations with the President , and sworn testimony , Comey Comey across as credible . He Comey say President Trump was not the subject of an investigation . He Comey provided his Comey of conversations in which the the President the need for loyalty from the former FBI director , inquired about Comey Comey go of the investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn , and asked Comey Comey help " lift the cloud " of Russia . The stickiest point of contention in the " he Comey , he Comey " remains the question of who ’s lying . The fired the former FBI director terminated him in an attempt to the former FBI director the course of the larger Russia probe , and then Russia a campaign of lies to discredit him . Comey went on the former FBI director say the former FBI director Comey about the reason for his firing . A White House the former FBI director then said definitively , " The President Comey a liar . " Perhaps the biggest revelation was Comey ’s    as a leaker he the former FBI director members of the committee that the former FBI director orchestrated the leak of his memos the former FBI director the President through Comey the former FBI director , in hopes of prompting the appointment of a special counsel . His plan worked . Republicans walk away from the former FBI director hearing with the satisfaction that Comey acknowledged President Trump was not under investigation the former FBI director President Trump ’s team , through personal attorney President Trump , are claiming vindication and accusing Comey of making unauthorized disclosures of privileged communications the former FBI director the President . This is all well and good President Trump my concern is that the bigger issue of Russian interference is getting lost in all of the high stakes drama . Wednesday , Sen. John McCain noted , " What an Orwellian existence we live in . " The Russians have done tremendous destruction to our free and Russian and that needs to be a we focus . Sen. Mark Warner , vicechair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , stressed that we need to be in a better position in 2018 and beyond . In the end , I do n’t believe Comey made the case against Trump , but rather a strong case for his integrity and that of the FBI . With all the Comey notes , there was no definitive evidence of wrongdoing by the President . 
 