On Friday , Donald Trump reversed course and announced Donald Trump would skip the annual CPAC conference on Saturday and campaign instead in Kansas . Kansas is one of four states voting in Republican primaries or caucuses on Saturday , contests that have been obscured by the Super Tuesday votes this week . [ The four states voting   —    Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , and Maine   —    offer 161 delegates between The four states voting  —   Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, and Maine  —    , more than the first four early voting states combined . Neither Marco Rubio nor John Kasich are really in any of The four states voting  —   Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, and Maine  —    . Rubio Marco Rubio in fact , cancelled campaign events scheduled this week in Kentucky and Louisiana , to focus his Marco Rubio on his Marco Rubio home state Florida .   While other candidates are on the ballot , at least three of these races come down to a contest between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump . Kansas , Kentucky Kentucky and Lousiana are all closed elections , meaning voting is only open to individuals who are already registered with the Republican party . Maine is also limited to registered Republicans but , like the Iowa caucus , voters can register to vote with the the Republican party The most recent poll of Kansas Kansas Donald Trump leading Ted Cruz by six points . A poll released last week showed Trump leading Cruz by 12 Ted Cruz race . There are a couple reasons to suggest the race is a lot closer than the race latest poll suggests . The Kansas Kansas was conducted The most recent poll of Kansas , the majority of which was done before the most recent Republican debate . Even so , Cruz has a strong 13 point lead over Trump Ted Cruz " conservative Republicans . " Donald Trump leads among " moderate Republicans " and has a large lead among " independents . " It is uncertain how many    " independents " will take part in a closed Republican caucus . Caucuses also favor campaigns that have strong organizations and campaign infrastructure , a phenomenon that allowed Cruz to surprise many observers and win the Iowa caucus . In Louisiana , Republicans will vote a closed Republican caucus traditional primary . On Tuesday , Louisiana Republicans met and voted in caucuses to select delegates to the Republicans convention . Cruz dominated Tuesday ’s vote . The caucus vote does n’t have Cruz official bearing Tuesday Saturday ’s primary , but it suggests Cruz has a strong organization in the state . The most The caucus vote Cruz in Louisiana showed Trump with a the state’s lead over Cruz . However Louisiana around 20 percent of the voters were still Cruz . Earlier polls show Trump with a nearly 20 point lead in the state . Even the lastest Trump was conducted before the Republican Louisiana Thursday . Cruz ’s strong performance in the caucus vote on Tuesday suggests he Cruz have a strong ground operation on Saturday . Again , Cruz is likely the race is much closer than the poll indicates . Louisiana also awards some of its delegates based on votes in Even the lastest poll . The race between Cruz and Trump is Louisiana close in a couple Districts , suggesting Cruz final delegate count could be close , regardless of who wins the overall state vote . Kentucky is conducting its first ever caucus on Saturday . The shift in voting formats was done to faciliate Kentucky expected Presidential campaign of Sen. Rand Paul . It is possible the state has some difficulty executing the caucus format , as it is very different from Kentucky . The only poll of the contest was conducted last Kentucky , before the Super Tuesday contests . That poll showed Trump with a 13 point lead over Marco Rubio , in second place . The only poll of the contest a close third in the poll . However , 15 percent of Republicans were still undecided . Ben Carson had seven percent The only poll of the contest the poll . With Carson out of the race , those caucus voters will have to find another candidate The only poll of the contest . How they Ben Carson could make the results much closer than polling suggests . The last state to vote on Saturday is those caucus voters , which has the fewest number of delegates at stake , 23 . It is a caucus format , but open to unaffiliated or new voters who can register with the Republican party on the day of the caucus . There is no polling in Maine . Other than Donald Trump ’s swing through the state on Thursday , campaigns have n’t devoted any time Maine to the state . The state ’s Governor Maine LePage , has endorsed Trump , which should give him a clear Maine The overall Maine delegates between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz is much narrower than media reports would Donald Trump’s . To date , there are only around 90 delegates Donald Trump and Cruz . In the 15 contests so far , Trump has won around 34 percent of the vote against Cruz ’s 28 percent of Ted Cruz vote . Strong showings by Cruz in Kansas Donald Trump Louisiana could narrow the delegate map even more . Ted Cruz Ted Cruz 