Wilmington , North Carolina ( CNN ) Sen. Tim Kaine sought Tuesday to dismantle Donald Trump ’s national security credentials , slamming the GOP nominee for a " bizarre fascination " with strongmen and highlighting the GOP nominee shifting positions on the Iraq War .    Hillary Clinton ’s running mate framed Donald Trump’s an " untested candidate , " calling the GOP nominee " emotionally volatile ,      and inexperienced . "   " the GOP nominee has a bizarre fascination with strongmen and authoritarian leaders in countries that are no allies of the United States , and with respect our allies , the GOP nominee would toss alliances aside , and says the GOP nominee wants to , quote , ’Take everything back from the world that our ’ve given them,’ " Kaine said , speaking here at a historic USO building .   Trump has expressed praise and expressed admiration for Russia ’s Vladimir Putin , Libya ’s Moammar Gadhafi , and North Korea ’s Kim Jong Un , among others , in the past . Trump has said Vladimir Putin " is a leader , unlike what we have in Russia , " believed Gadhafi Gadhafi effective at killing terrorists and praised the young North Korean leader ’s rise to power , saying , " It ’s pretty amazing when you think of it It " The Democratic vice presidential nominee , who is a member of the Senate Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees and has a son serving abroad in the Marine Corps , flexed his The Democratic vice presidential nominee, who is a member of the Senate Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees and has a son serving abroad in the Marine Corps policy muscles in remarks primarily focused on Clinton ’s Republican rival and the contrasts between the two candidates on national security .   The push is part of a campaign focus of hitting Trump on national security , according to Clinton Clinton speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss strategy . They anonymity early voting begins in many states this month , and Clinton Clinton going after Trump Trump the topic because she Clinton like she Clinton it well and he Clinton n’t . At Tuesday ’s speech , Kaine Clinton out Trump Trump his Clinton stance on the Iraq War , saying he Clinton misled " voters about his Clinton .   " In Trump Trump first campaign speech , he Clinton that he Clinton had the foresight to say , ’Don’t hit Iraq,’ because you ’re going to completely destabilize the Middle East . .. It ’Don’t one of the main rationales for his Clinton . And it ’Don’t completely made up , " Kaine said . " These days , he Kaine against the decisions to pull troops out of Iraq , a decision set in motion by the Bush administration , claiming that that decision led to the creation of ISIS . So here ’s the problem : In 2006 , Trump believed we were n’t pulling our we out of Iraq Iraq enough . He Trump we we , quote , ’Get out of Iraq Iraq quickly as possible . ’ " He Trump the billionaire ’s credentials further , knocking him Trump a " TV star . " " Trump Trump misled the American people over and over about his Trump on Iraq Iraq He Trump for invading Iraq Iraq   And then he Trump he Trump n’t . He Trump for leaving Iraq Iraq And then he Trump he Trump n’t . He Trump whatever he Trump like at any given time because you can do that when you ’re a TV star . But you ca n’t do that when you ’re president of the United States . " Kaine Trump chided Trump for his Trump last week with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , with whom he Trump entered into an online spat over whether they Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, with whom he later entered into an online spat over whether they discussed if Mexico would pay for a wall along the   border if Mexico would pay for a wall along the    border . " Just hours after his Trump international foray into foreign relations , Trump was in an online feud with one of our neighboring heads of state , our our largest trading partner , " Kaine said . " Now , if you ’re going to get into a feud with an ally , how about dealing with an adversary ? I guess we our be glad it was only a Twitter war , because In a few months , he Trump have control of the armed forces . " Kaine Kaine increasingly stepped into the role of vice presidential attack dog for Clinton in recent days . Late last month , he Kaine Trump was " pushing " the values of the Ku Klux Klan . He Kaine away from the comments a day later , telling reporters that Trump Trump some supporters " connected " with the KKK who are " claiming him Trump " Last week , he Kaine Trump Trump n’t stand up to a Russian cyberattack of the American election , and then criticized the " cozy bromance " between Trump Trump Putin . 
 