’   ’ "    House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy   to support      Donald Trump ’s proposal to impose a 35 % tariff on companies that    leave the US . " ’    The California Republican was responding to a     outlining a     plan to impose a large tariff against    companies that ship jobs overseas . The tariff would be imposed on    the goods shipped back into the US . ’ ’    Speaking to reporters , McCarthy warned that it would lead to a    trade war . ’ ’    " I do n’t want to get into some type of trade war , " McCarthy McCarthy . ’ " he No . 2 Republican in House leadership    following House House Paul Ryan , said he Republican in House leadership   following House Speaker Paul Ryan not commit to       that tariff proposal to the House floor for a vote ,       the Republican Party ’s efforts at tax reform would create       improved business environment and would render such a tariff    unnecessary . " ’’ ’    " I think there are other ways to achieve what the      is talking about , " McCarthy said , " but the only way you can do    any of this is you ’ve got to do tax reform . And that ’s why I       that will be a cornerstone of what we do . " ’ ’    " Tax cuts and deregulation will make the American economy great       , but tariffs and trade wars will make it the American economy again , " he    continued . ’ ’    McCarthy was also pressed about the deal to provide $ 7    million in incentives to Carrier over 10 years in order to keep    roughly 1 , 000 jobs in Indiana , a deal that has been criticized by    many    conservatives such as former Alaska Gov. Sarah    Palin . ’ ’    " Do you want to know my philosophical belief ? " McCarthy McCarthy . " I    believe in the free market . I do n’t think government should be       winners and losers . " ’ ’    He McCarthy reporters against judging what Trump will do ahead    of taking office . ’ ’    " Take a deep breath , " he McCarthy . " He McCarthy not sworn in yet . I know you    got ta write news , but let ’s not predetermine what the outcome is       . . .. Is he McCarthy of the United States right now ? So what       he McCarthy them    He McCarthy no authority yet to give them    . " ’ 
 