  ( CNN ) Democrats would be unwise to ignore Hillary Clinton ’s recent assessment of the 2016 election cycle . " If the election had been on October 27 , I would be your president , " Hillary Clinton’s told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour at a Women for Women International event on Tuesday . Hillary Clinton’s ’s right . Downplaying the impact of events , unprecedented in modern politics , last fall would send the Democratic Party on a misadventure from which the Democratic Party might not recover     even as the Democratic Party scrambles to redefine the Democratic Party for the next generation .   The fight to redefine the Democratic Party began in earnest when Bernie Sanders’ brand of socialism went     with Clinton ’s moderate approach . It The fight to redefine the party up steam , powered by shock and angst , after Clinton Clinton to Donald Trump in November . It The fight to redefine the party white hot as a gaggle of party officials vied to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee . Now , after the first 100 days under an opposition president and Congress , the party has entered the circular firing squad phase as members fight uselessly over things like the meaning of President Barack Obama ’s being paid $ 400 , 000 by Wall Street for a speech and new data showing that disaffected voters are convinced that President Donald Trump cares more about the poor and middle class than Democrats do . In one    finding in polling by Priorities USA , a liberal super PAC , twice as many of the Obama voters who voted for Trump President Donald Trump Democrats’ policies favor the wealthy compared to those who believed the same about Trump President Donald Trump The reality on the ground ca n’t be more different than what    voters perceive , and veering toward the " purity politics " advocated by the Sanders wing of the the Democratic Party do little     if anything     to change that .   Their voters ignore the fact that the Democratic Party used up much of its political the Democratic Party and sacrificed its control the Democratic Party Congress to achieve milestones for    and poor Americans . They voters health care to more than 20 million Americans , literally saving lives and offering a buffer against personal bankruptcies caused by medical emergencies . They voters the most comprehensive Wall Street reform in a generation , a law that included a powerful consumer protection agency that has protected the poor and middle class in countless ways . They voters to increase the minimum wage ,   including pushing for it to be raised to $ 15 per hour nationwide . Those efforts yielded results . In combination with a bailout of the auto industry and the largest fiscal stimulus in US history , they helped Those efforts us out of the Great Recession and produced the largest annual increase in wages ever , most of which went to the poor and middle class . And it is n’t just about the past Democrats are still fighting from their minority Democrats . They were Democrats first in line to beat back the proposed Trump budget , which slated major cuts for programs that help the neediest Americans while providing massive tax breaks for the already wealthy . Meanwhile , Trump ’s Trump been widely cited as favoring rich men such as himself , and Trump first 100 Trump in office have included a bevy of conflicts of interest and questions about the use of taxpayer money at his personal properties Trump top advisers . What ’s more , there ’s data suggesting many of those    voters were less concerned about losing the things for which Democrats have been fighting and more about making sure those unlike them do n’t Democrats " too much . "   The question remains : What should Democrats do about it ? As The question party , they should redouble Democrats efforts to Democrats those in the lower economic and middle classes , even when it goes underappreciated The question and should do so without instituting purity tests against Wall Street . It ’s natural The question a party to undergo a painful , public kind of soul searching after a devastating loss , and changing nothing makes little sense . Democrats should search their souls , Democrats not abandon who they are and Democrats they ’ve done Democrats It would be unwise for Democrats to overreact to what was a Black Swan of an election . As the former candidate herself reminded us , the FBI director inserted himself directly into the FBI director campaign cycle less than two weeks from voting day with an announcement that wounded one candidate and helped the other . And Russia undermined the democratic process with    leaks aimed at harming that same candidate . And still , Clinton won the popular vote by 3 million votes and would be president had 80 , 000 votes been different in three states , a total amounting to a rounding error , given that more than 135 million votes were cast nationwide . The Democratic Party is far from perfect and in too many ways has allowed the corrupting power of money to influence it . A The Democratic Party of its values and The Democratic Party and message to the poor and middle class is long overdue , not just because they lost in the poor and middle class , but because millions of Americans believe they do n’t millions of Americans and have felt that way for years . That does n’t mean the party should be shy about highlighting its differences with the party GOP on issues that affect the neediest Americans most . 
 