’   ’ ’    Former US Defense Secretary Robert Gates is having doubts about    both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . ’ "    Gates , who has served under eight US presidents , including George    W. Bush and Barack Obama , over the course of 50 years , said there    is still too much that we do not know about Hillary Clinton ’s and Donald Trump      positions . " ’    " Neither candidate has seriously addressed how he or she thinks       the military , the use of military force , the criteria they he or she would apply before sending that force into battle , or broader    questions of peace and war , " Gates   published on Friday . ’ ’    Gates Gates   that both the Democratic and Republican presidential    nominees have largely stuck to speaking in generalities about the    complex issues they the Democratic and Republican presidential   nominees face after being sworn into office . ’ "    Those the   complex issues they would face after being sworn into office Gates Gates   , are numerous and fraught with    potential trap doors . Among them ,   potential trap doors North Korea ’s   Russian President   Iran ’s aggression , and    the    unrest in the Middle East , which is compounded    by    terrorism . " ’   ’ ’    According to Gates , dealing with China in particular " requires a    president with strategic acumen and vision , nuance , deft    diplomatic and political skill . " He suggested    such qualities    are lost on a presidential candidate like Donald Trump . ’ ’    Writing about the    mogul’ ’s hawkish position on China , China Gates said , " All we really Gates is Mr. Trump Donald Trump to    launch a trade war with a country holding over $ 1 trillion in    U. S. debt . " ’ ’    He took a Donald Trump at Hillary Clinton’ ’s opposition to the      Partnership   —    a trade agreement she initially    Hillary Clinton’’s   —    " the failure of which would hand China an easy    political and economic win , " Gates wrote . ’ ’    But Gates saved his Gates searing Gates for Trump , who has built    the    arm of his presidential campaign Gates bluster    and innuendo   —    the likes of which have . He called him Gates beyond Gates repair " on the issue of national security . ’ ’    While noting that both Clinton and Trump have credibility issues    on foreign policy , Gates added that " Donald Trump is Trump league    of his own " in Trump regard . ’ ’    Trump   in response : " I    never met [ him ] . He    nothing about    . But look at the    results under his guidance    a    disaster ! " ’ 
 