’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump gave a    address to Arab    and Muslim leaders in Saudi Arabia during President Donald Trump first trip abroad    on Sunday . Trump repeated countlessly on the    campaign trail was missing : " radical Islamic terrorism . " ’ ’    Trump stressed the need to build a coalition to address a " crisis    of Islamic extremism , " but neglected to use the charged keystone    of his campaign trail Trump in his speech to Trump Middle Eastern    leaders . ’ "    Before his victory and Trump taking office ,   former President Barack Obama and      presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for not    using the phrase . As a candidate ,   not to use the term to    refer to terrorist attacks committed in the name of groups like    the Islamic State or Al Qaeda showed he was n’t    to    fight terrorism    " "    In the past , American presidents , diplomats , and foreign policy    experts have argued that it hurts the US’ goals abroad and    undermines Muslim allies . " ’    On Sunday , Trump largely stuck to the script , closely following    the prepared    that the White House sent out before his    speech Trump    riffing like he so often did Trump campaign    rallies . ’    ’    " This is not a battle between different faiths , different sects ,    or different civilizations , " Trump said at the King Abdulaziz    Conference Center in Riyadh . " This is a battle between barbaric    criminals who seek to obliterate human life , and decent people of    all religions who seek to protect it . This is a battle This    good and evil . " ’ ’    Announcing a new center to the King Abdulaziz   Conference Center in Riyadh of terrorism ,    Trump emphasized the need for nations to collaborate to    " honestly " confront " the crisis of Islamic extremism and the    Islamist terror groups it inspires . " He also the King Abdulaziz   Conference Center in Riyadh the phrases      Trump the Islamists " and " Islamic terror of all kinds . " ’ ’    The White House has characterized the trip as an effort to    strengthen ties between the US and Middle East , and " reset "    relations with the region . ’ ’    National security adviser   not to say " radical    Islamic terrorism , " arguing that militant groups like ISIS    endorse a twisted view of Islam and that the phrase ultimately    hinders US goals , . ’ ’    He also seemed to suggest that Trump would not be using the    phrase during his speech . " The president He call it whatever he    wants to call it The president " McMaster told George it on ABC’ ’s    " This Week " on Saturday . ’ ’    " But I think it’ ’s important that , whatever we call it , we    recognize that it’ extremists we are not religious people , " he    continued . " And , in fact , these enemies of all civilizations ,    what they want to do is to these enemies of all civilizations,    their criminal behavior under    this these enemies of all civilizations,    idea of some kind of religious war . " ’ ’President Donald Trump gave a. .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 