Washington ( CNN ) Former Vice President Joe Biden is launching a political action committee , which is set to kick into gear Thursday morning , a Former Vice President Joe Biden aide tells CNN . The group , " American Possibilities PAC , " is sure to set off speculation about Former Vice President Joe Biden 2020 intentions . In a Medium post that will announce the PAC , Biden Former Vice President Joe Biden : " It ’s time for big dreams and American possibilities . If that ’s what you believe     and you ’re ready to help elect folks who believe that , and to support groups and causes that embody that spirit     then I ’m asking you to join me today . " The former Vice President , under former President Barack Obama , has made regular public appearances since leaving office and has not been shy about his The former Vice President on the 2016 election     or about criticizing President Donald Trump . The initial messaging of his The former Vice President fundraising and    organizing group seems geared toward establishing a contrast between Biden and his Biden and the sweeping divisions in Washington . " That ’s why the negativity , the pettiness , the    of our politics drives me crazy , " a solicitation email from Biden Biden provided to CNN , said . While establishing the group could indicate Biden Biden interest in another presidential bid , his comments Biden the subject in recent months have been varied . Biden , who is 74 years old , gave a speech in New Hampshire last month , telling the      New Hampshire time that he was Biden running . In the    to the 2016 Democratic primary , Biden publicly mulled a run before standing down , citing his    grief from the Biden of his son Beau as a Biden he did not mount a Biden . Later , Biden expressed regret about this Biden publicly , criticizing Hillary Clinton ’s campaign and saying he thought he was a Biden candidate Biden Earlier this month , he said he likely would Biden run Biden 2020 , but did not write off the possibility . 
 