  ( CNN ) The US is investigating whether Russia was involved in the chemical attack in Syria that prompted President Donald Trump to launch the first direct military assault against the Assad regime . The Pentagon is looking for any evidence that Russia knew about or was complicit in the attack in Idlib province that killed at least 80 people and injured dozens more , a senior US defense official said . When CNN asked about US allegations that Russia may be complicit , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov replied via text message , " That is not true . "   World leaders were sharply divided on the the missile bombardment of the Shayrat airfield , believed by the US to be the base for warplanes that carried out the chemical attack on a    town on Tuesday . Russian President Vladimir Putin denounced the strike as " act of aggression " and said it violated the strike law .   Russia earlier this week denied a chemical weapons attack took place in Syria . It said the strike deaths in Khan Sheikhoun were caused by a Syrian regime airstrike on a    chemical weapons factory on the ground . Western leaders backed the US action , saying Syrian President Bashar    had brought it on the US action . Syrian President Bashar    Key developments , Pentagon probing possible Russia involvement in attackSyrian airbase suffers " extensive damage " in strike . Nikki Haley to UN : US ’prepared to do more’ in SyriaTrump acted after dozens killed in chemical attack on Tuesday . Western allies offer strong backing , saying the gas chemical attack go unpunished . Russian President Vladimir Putin said US strike violated international law . The US military official Russian President Vladimir Putin examining specifically whether a Russian warplane had bombed Russian hospital in Khan Sheikhoun five hours after the initial chemical attack chemical attack of destroying evidence . A US defense official says intelligence shows a Russian drone flew over the hospital in Russian that was treating victims of the chemical attack , prior to the chemical attack bombed by an unknown aircraft .   The Russians operate drones in the area routinely so the Pentagon can not be certain the drone operator even knew what was happening , but the drone a Russian drone asset . The US military has a variety Russian a Russian drone means to determine who is operating aircraft in the region .   Russia said the deaths in Khan Sheikhoun were caused by a Syrian regime airstrike on a    chemcial weapons factory on the ground , but experts have dismissed the claim as fanciful .    Images of the horrific aftermath of the attack prompted Trump to act . Early Friday morning , Tomahawk cruise missiles were launched from US warships in the eastern Mediterranean towards the Shayrat airfield , which is also an important base for Russian forces supporting the Syrian regime .    of 60 missiles launched hit their intended targets , Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis said , with one missile landing in the water .   Nine people , including four children , in two villages were killed in the strike , Syrian state news agency SANA reported . It was not clear whether the figure included the six deaths announced earlier by the Syrian military or was in addition to those . Approximately 20 Syrian regime planes were destroyed in the US strike , according to two US senior military officials .   Putin denounced the strike as " aggression against a sovereign state in violation of the norms of international law under a    pretext . " He said the strikes " dealt a serious blow to    relations " and that their aim Putin to distract from the civilian deaths from coalition airstrikes in Iraq , a statement from his press office said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov accused the United States of seeking a Putin for regime change . " I am particularly disappointed by the way this damages    relations , " he said , but added that he did n’t think it would " lead to an irreversible Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . " Syrian President Bashar Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the United States had carried out an " unjust and unabashed assault " against Syria which " the United States    a narrowness of vision and a blindness to political and military realities . " He also said the attack had increased the regime ’s resolve to " crush " terrorists in Syria     Syrian President Bashar    term it uses for all opposition forces . A statement from Syria ’s general military command Syria the strikes caused the attack extensive material damage " and undermined counterterror operations by Syria army .   The operation " makes the United States of America a partner of ISIS , Nusra Front and other terrorist organizations who     since the first day of this unjust war on Syria     have been attacking Syrian army positions and Syrian military bases . " Syrian TV aired footage of the Syria the strike that showed smoke still rising up from the base . Maj . Issam    spokesman for the opposition Free Syrian Army ’s Southern Front , welcomed the US action and called for " the destruction of all tools of murder that Bashar al Assad ’s regime uses . "   The strike was the first direct military action taken by the US against the Assad regime since the start of the the strike that showed smoke still rising up from the base    civil the US action Syria     five vital questions the strike that showed smoke still rising up from the base Trump administration , Bashar al Assad’s regime damage’ The Pentagon said the strike , which began at 8:40 p. m. ET   Thursday ( 3:40 a. m. local time Friday ) targeted aircraft , storage facilities and other logistical materials .   An initial battle damage assessment from the strikes Pentagon 58 of the 59 missiles " severely degraded or destroyed " their intended targets , according to a US defense official .   The US military gave the Russian military one hour ’s notice of the strikes , according to a senior US official . US military operations in Syria have been temporarily " adjusted " to ensure the protection of US forces on the ground , the official said . On any given day there could be the strikes 1 , 250 US troops inside Syria fighting ISIS , according to US officials . Support from US allies , UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres , who said he was following a senior US official in Syria " with grave concern , " urged restraint and called for the Security Council to unite Syria exercise its " responsibility for international peace and security . " The council ’s 15 members failed Thursday night to reach agreement on a a new draft Syria against the Syrian government circulated by US , UK and French diplomats following Tuesday ’s chemical attack . the Security Council has repeatedly vetoed past UN Security Council resolutions on the Security Council There were repeated calls for a political solution at a Security Council meeting Friday .   UK Ambassador to the United Nations Matthew Rycroft said his country backs the airstrikes " because war crimes have consequences and the greatest war criminal of all , Bashar    has now been put on notice . " He said UN Security Council has given Assad everything UK could dream of "     such as vetoes Russia UK Ambassador to the United Nations Matthew Rycroft Council     but Assad has ignored and defied Russian requests to " obey a ceasefire and not to gas his people . " Russia sits here today humiliated Bashar    Russia its failure to bring to heel Assad puppet dictator , entirely propped up by Russia itself and Hezbollah and Iran . Assad   Vladimir Safronkov , Russia ’s deputy ambassador to the UN , defended his country Assad position on Russia strike , as a " flagrant Russia of peace . " He also slammed Rycroft ’s criticisms of Russia ’s Russia as " not diplomatic " and " lies . " " Russia condemn the illegitimate action by the US . The consequences of this for regional and international stability could be extremely serious . "   US Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov the UN Nikki Haley defended Russia as proportionate . " The United States took a very measured step last night , " she said . " We are prepared to do more . But we hope that will not be necessary . It is time for all civilized nations to stop the horrors that are taking place in Syria and demand a political solution . " ’Dangerous episode’ Matthew Chance , CNN US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley CNN international correspondent The United States in Moscow , said the latest strikes The United States are an immensely dangerous episode in the relationship between Russia and the United States , not least because they potentially bring into contact Russian forces who are on the ground in Syria and the US forces . " Russia was warned of the attack before it the strikes Nevertheless , Chance pointed out , Russia did not Russia to use     missiles The United States the attack that are Russia fully capable Russia and the United States intercepting cruise missiles if they so choose to " which , he said , Russia implies a degree of tacit Russian consent to the strikes . " In the wake of the ’Dangerous episode’ Matthew Chance , Russia said it was suspending use of a communications channel aimed at minimizing risks of Russia incidents Russia the    coalition fighting ISIS in Syria and Russian aircraft .   But on ’Dangerous episode’ Matthew Chance , a senior military official told CNN the CNN the strikes not suspended " the the strike . " The official said the channel was used just after the US strike on the Shayrat airfield and again Friday .   No information on Friday content of the communications was given Russian US the Russian military . John Dorrian said the " deconfliction channel " had been effective Russian urged its continued use . The Russian Defense Ministry also a senior military official Friday the the deconfliction channel its air defense system in Syria . 
 the "deconfliction channel" The Russian Defense Ministry 