Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump reached for poetry and conjured a vision of common national purpose Tuesday during President Donald Trump first address to Congress , shifting President Donald Trump tone from the dark , searing approach of President Donald Trump previous big speeches to the nation . President Donald Trump adopted a statesmanlike cadence , hitting notes of inspiration . For once , this most unorthodox of politicians struck a conventional presidential posture as President Donald Trump sought to stabilize President Donald Trump administration after a tumultuous five weeks in office . Though President Donald Trump language was more lofty and unifying than normal , President Donald Trump gave little quarter on the substance of President Donald Trump policies on issues ranging from trade , defense , immigration and counterterrorism . The result was a populist , nationalistic prescription that President Donald Trump said would yield " a new chapter of American greatness . " 7 in 10    Say Trump Boosted Optimism , " From now on , America will be empowered by our aspirations , not burdened by our fears , inspired by the future , not bound by failures of the past , and guided by a vision , not blinded by our doubts , " Trump said , from the Speaker ’s rostrum in the House of Representatives . During a vitriolic campaign and a raucous start to Trump term , Trump has done little to reach beyond Trump base of deeply committed voters who revile the kind of political elites that the President was staring down as the President spoke on Tuesday .   But , beset by the lowest approval ratings of any new     of modern times , Trump made a palpable effort to court voters who did n’t support Trump with an offer to lay down the battles of the past . In fact , the President address ticked almost all the boxes of a traditional State of the Union style appearance . ’Embrace this renewal’ " I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit . I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big , and bold , and daring things for America , " Trump said . " I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment . Believe in yourselves . Believe in your future . And believe , once more , in America . " It was an uplifting and unifying message that many Americans have rarely heard from Trump , who argued " the time for trivial fights is behind us . " While Trump Trump not solely responsible for the coarsening of political life , his Trump ,    approach has rocked the nation ’s politics . The question now is whether the President was previewing a new , more sober political persona or whether he the President return to his the President habits . The change in his the President was evident from the first moments of his the President when he the President the recent spate of threats against Jewish community centers , vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and the shooting of two Indian men in Kansas .   Donald Trump ’s Congress speech ( full text ) He Donald Trump the violence was a reminder that " while we may be a nation divided on policies , we we a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its very ugly forms . " The comment followed heavy criticism of Trump for not addressing such violence . The new President entered the House chamber to thunderous applause and spoke of the " renewal of the American spirit . " A senior White House official said Trump Trump the speech himself with input from almost every member of his The new President team of advisers . In the emotional high point of the the speech himself Trump Trump to the first lady ’s box and acknowledged Carryn Owens , the widow of a US Navy Special operator , William " Ryan " Owens , who was killed in an    raid in Yemen in the first major military engagement of the new administration . Van Jones : The moment Trump Trump President , " Ryan died as he lived Ryan a warrior , and a hero     battling against terrorism and securing our nation , " Trump Trump as the House floor erupted in a prolonged standing ovation . Owens , with tears streaming down her face Owens looked to the Heavens and joined in the applause . Less explosive style welcomed , His less Ryan presentation style was welcomed by many lawmakers . " Donald Trump indeed become presidential tonight , and I think we ’ll see that reflected in a higher approval rating , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ,    said on CNN after the speech .   " The Donald Trump tonight was a lot more focused and disciplined and subdued , and it was a lot more uneventful in a good way , " moderate House Republican Charlie Dent told CNN ’s Tom LoBianco . CNN There were not a lot of distractions tonight , this speech was tonight better the speech inaugural speech . " North the speech Heidi Heitkamp , who is up for    next year in a state that Trump carried , said the President delivered a " very good speech . " " It was delivered with a sense of ’this a "very good speech who I am , this is what I want to accomplish’ and I think the goals are great , " she said . " How we get there to accomplish’ the $ 10 , 000 question . " Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said on CNN that Trump ’s " speeches and the realities are Trump , very far apart . " " Until his reality catches up with his speeches , the President ’s got big trouble the President " Schumer the President .   The looks on lawmakers’ Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer during Trump ’s speech , Though his rhetoric was Trump Trump still struck hardline the President . He overruled national Trump adviser H. R. McMaster , Trump to a senior administration official , to warn of " radical Islamic terrorism . " Hitting themes familiar from his campaign , Trump vowed to restore " integrity Trump the rule Trump law to our borders . " " We will soon begin the construction of a great , great wall along our southern border , " Trump said , drawing We cheers even as he Trump n’t mention his earlier promise that Mexico Trump pay for construction Trump " As we speak tonight , we are removing gang members , drug dealers , we criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens we Bad ones are going we as I speak , and as I promised throughout the campaign " Sending shockwaves through Washington , While such language could please conservatives , Trump sent shockwaves through Washington earlier Tuesday by telling reporters he wants to Washington an immigration reform bill that Trump grant legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US . " The time is right for an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides , " Trump said at the White House . But he Trump not provide further clarity on that position Trump his address . So far there is little sign Trump the new President ’s legislative agenda , which includes repealing and replacing Obamacare , a big tax overhaul , and a $ 1 trillion infrastructure program , is anywhere near coming to fruition . That explains why he devoted a considerable portion of the address to Trump his achievements so far . his address that his Trump alone had convinced big Trump like Ford Trump Sprint , SoftBank and Intel to invest billions of    dollars in the US . He noted that stocks have put on $ 3 Trump in value since his election and claimed to have saved hundreds of Trump his election alone dollars , including on the new    jet fighter . Trump said he also kept his word by cutting government regulations , clearing Trump way for Trump Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines and pulling out of the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal . The President also laid down clear principles for the repeal and Trump Obamacare , a key policy goal that is threatening to become overwhelmed by the complications of writing health policy . A new system , he said , must retain coverage for Americans with    conditions , Trump offer plans backed by tax credits and expanded health savings accounts and should preserve Medicaid expansion in the states . Trump also vowed to bring down the high price the United States of America " immediately . " ’Obamacare is collapsing’ " Obamacare is collapsing     and we must act decisively to protect all Americans , " he said , " Action is not a choice     it is a Obamacare . " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , who was instrumental the White House passing the law , shook her head as Trump condemned it . The President also signaled action on another key Trump of his the law Trump reform , promising " massive " relief for the Trump classes and cuts in corporate tax . Yet Trump also pushed for his $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan and spoke of Trump effort to boost Trump spending . Given that he has also said Trump will protect entitlements , questions will be asked Trump how the administration Trump finance its the new administration . Trump ’s the new administration was closely watched around the world , given that his pronouncements Trump policy have caused alarm and confusion . There were , however Trump few details on national security policy to clear up misconceptions . Trump recommitted himself to a strong " America America " foreign policy , but also Trump NATO Trump as long as its members pay their dues     while bemoaning trillions of dollars the US has spent in NATO wars abroad its members " the US is not to represent the world . My job is to represent the United States of America America " said Trump the world But we My job America America better off when there is less conflict Trump not more . We must learn from the mistakes of the past . We have seen the war and the destruction that have ravaged and raged throughout the world . " Despite We positive reviews for Trump in the room Trump Tuesday , the official the world by former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear accused the President of deserting the working people who voted for him by picking a cabinet of Trump billionaires . " That ’s not being our champion Trump That ’s being Wall Street ’s champion , " Beshear said . " Real leaders do n’t spread derision and division . Real leaders strengthen , they unify , they former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear , and they offer real solutions instead of ultimatums and blame , " said Beshear , Real leaders Trump of Real leaders war on refugees Real leaders immigrants and endangering Trump security by reaching out to Russia . former Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear 