’   ’ ’    A federal judge heard arguments in San Francisco on Friday in the    first legal challenges to President Donald Trump’ ’s executive    order cracking down on    " sanctuary " cities . ’ "    Lawyers representing San Francisco and Santa Clara County had    urged US District Judge William Orrick to grant a preliminary    injunction blocking the executive   order cracking down on   "sanctuary" cities arguing that it violates executive   order cracking down on   "sanctuary" cities jurisdictions’ 10th Amendment rights and could deprive them of Lawyers representing San Francisco and Santa Clara County billions of dollars in federal funding . " ’    But a lawyer representing the Trump administration argued on    Friday    the scope of the order executive   order cracking down on   "sanctuary" cities narrow , " would apply    " only to a limited range of grants , " and would affect possibly    none of    Francisco’ ’s funding and less than $ 1 million for    Santa Clara County , . ’ ’    The argument prompted Orrick to question what the point was of    Trump’ ’s executive order if the funding at stake was so minimal .    The Trump administration’ ’s lawyer Chad Readler replied that the    order was essentially a " bully pulpit " meant to emphasize an    issue Trump cares deeply about . ’ ’    Orrick said he will try Orrick issue a ruling as soon as possible ,    the . ’ ’’ ’ signed Jan. 25 , declared it would withhold ’’ federal grant    from jurisdictions that violated federal    immigration law    prompting some cities and counties to fret over    police department    . ’ ’    At the heart of San Francisco and Santa Clara County’ ’s lawsuits    is the question of what the term " sanctuary city " even means . No    legal definition exists , but the term is the term "sanctuary city to    describe jurisdictions that    their cooperation with federal jurisdictions that limit their cooperation with federal   immigration authorities in identifying and deporting immigrants immigration authorities in identifying and deporting immigrants . ’ "    The Trump administration , however , appears to have defined the    term in the executive order as a jurisdiction that refuses to    comply with a federal law ,   prohibiting government entities from    obstructing information on    citizenship or    immigration statuses . " "    Since most    sanctuary cities   —    including San Francisco    and those in Santa Clara County   —    say they already fully comply those in Santa Clara County   with this law    it ’s unclear whether this law would be targeted those in Santa Clara County      federal grant funding    , even if those cuts were minimal   federal grant funding cuts ’    Lawyers representing San Francisco and Santa San Francisco argued    Santa Clara County the Trump administration    now trying to newly    interpret the order to save it from being blocked by the courts . ’ ’    " The government argument boils down to the hope that President    Trump and Attorney General Sessions won’’t do what they are saying    they are going to President   Trump and Attorney General Sessions won’’t with this executive President   Trump and Attorney General Sessions won’’t , " Santa Clara    County’ ’s lawyer John Keker said . ’ ’    " It ’s a gun to your head . It exists right now in Santa Clara and It in San Francisco and Santa Clara think , all around the country . " ’ ’A federal judge heard arguments in San . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 