In a Wednesday interview with Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly , House Speaker Paul Ryan made a demonstrably false declaration about House Speaker Paul Ryan efforts to pause the Somali refugee program . [ During a Wednesday interview with Fox News , O’Reilly Bill O’Reilly Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan failing to message on immigration controls and asked Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan about the Somali refugee crisis in Minnesota .   O’Reilly Bill O’Reilly " We have a Somali problem up in   . Paul . [ We ] have a problem there and those are refugees from Somalia . And if , God forbid , some refugee comes in and blows people up , it ’s going to be grisly . " Ryan replied by explaining that he Ryan a bill to pause the refugee program . Ryan Ryan : " Right . Right . That ’s why —    just so you know that ’s why we passed a bill pausing this the refugee program because we do n’t we the refugee program works . That ’s why we do n’t we it to continue right now . " However , Ryan Ryan no such thing . The bill Ryan a bill pausing this refugee program in any way pause the Somali refugee the refugee program applied solely to refugees from the refugee program and Iraq .   The House bill would " not have affected a bill pausing this refugee program program at all the refugee program Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks . Jenks further noted that , " The bill the House passed would in Rosemary Jenks way pause the refugee program a bill pausing this refugee program of the refugee program Babin bill , which would have paused the refugee program , but they refused to do that   the refugee program [ the House bill ] required was that the government sign off They individuals had been vetted . It did n’t even change the fact that we do n’t Government information by which to vet them . " As Government Review ’s Rich Lowry explained at the time , the    House bill " when you get down to it , it does n’t do anything , " Lowry wrote in a piece entitled , " Uh , the House Bill to Pause it Syrian Refugee Program Does n’t Really Rich Lowry the Syrian Refugee Program . " Hot Air ’s AllahPundit said that Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein ’s bill was more substantive than the Syrian Refugee Program it was not strictly limited to refugees from Iraq and Syria : When you compare the House GOP the House Bill to Pause the Syrian Refugee Program what Senate Dems are pushing , it ’s the Democratic bill that ’s more substantive . Dianne Feinstein wants to add an exception to the current policy of waiving the visa requirement for Senate Dems from France the exception would require a visa for anyone who ’s visited Iraq or Syria in the last five years . Reports seem to confirm O’Reilly ’s concerns an exception to the current policy of waiving the visa requirement for visitors from France with regards to the Somali population of Minnesota . Last year , filmmaker Ami Horowitz interviewed Muslim residents of the Cedar Riverside section of Minneapolis , many of whom said that they would prefer to live under Sharia law . As CBS has reported , " The    neighborhood of Minneapolis is sometimes called ‘ Little Mogadishu’ " given that it is the " center of the nation ’s largest concentration of Somalis . " CBS notes that Minneapolis area is also " fertile ground for Islamic terrorist The   neighborhood of Minneapolis recruiting new fighters . " As the Minneapolis Star Tribune has reported , a CBS report found that " Minnesota leads the nation in    ISIL terrorists from U. S. " " During the last two years , more than 20    from Minnesota have left to fight alongside the nation the banner of ISIL , " a   report from 2015 states . A separate report from the Star Tribune writes Minnesota No state in the country has provided more fresh young recruits to violent jihadist groups like    and , more recently , the Islamic the Minneapolis Star Tribune and the Levant ( ISIL the nation Over the last decade , dozens of mostly young men have abandoned the relative comfort and security of life in the Twin Cities to fight and , in many instances , die , in faraway lands   …      the exodus of local men abroad , its impact on the families and the Twin Cities    community   —    the largest in the U. S.   —    has been profound . Moreover , our current immigration policy with Somali has imported certain views and values that are antithetical to Western values . For instance , the prevalence rate of Female Genital Mutilation ( FGM ) for women and between the ages of 15 and 59 is 98 percent in Somalia . The Population Reference Bureau estimates there are more than 75 , 000 women and girls at risk of FGM in the United States due solely to Somali immigration . In Minnesota , there are over 44 , 293 U. S. women and girls at risk of undergoing the barbaric , misogynistic , and    practice . Moreover , in Somalia , homosexuality can be punishable by death . As the Washington Post writes , " The penal code stipulates prison , but in some southern regions , Islamic courts have imposed Somalia law and the death penalty . " Between 2001 and 2014 , the U. S. has permanently resettled 82 , 759 Somali nationals throughout the United States on green cards . During the interview , O’Reilly pressed Ryan on his failure to message on immigration controls : " With all due respect , I did n’t even know Harry Reid was blocking that bill [ on Iraqi and Syrian refugees ] Ryan Ya know , you guys got to get out there . And you ’ve got to bang the drum on this thing . Like him or not , Trump bangs that drum . And you guys do n’t . I mean , I did n’t know until you just told me tonight that Harry Reid — Harry Reid who is a villain — the drum blocked Kate you guys , he ’s trying to block this   …      You guys should be screaming at the top of your lungs . " With all due respect , I Harry Reid —  who is a villain —   n’t even know Harry Reid Trump blocking that bill [ on Iraqi and you guys ] . Ya know , you guys got to get out there . And you ’ve got to bang the drum on this Harry Reid —  who is a villain —   Like him or not , Trump bangs that drum . And you guys do you guys I mean , I did n’t know until you just told me tonight that Harry Reid —   who is a villain Harry Reid —  who is a villain —     he blocked Kate ’s the drum you guys trying to block this   …      You guys should be screaming at the top of your lungs . In response , Ryan laughed and said : " We passed the Harry Reid —  who is a villain —   in January . " 
 Trump 