  ( CNN ) Donald Trump wants yuge celebrities to perform at Donald Trump presidential inaugural events next month . In fact , Donald Trump ’s former campaign manager and now adviser Kellyanne Conway even made a plea on national TV a few weeks ago , asking Justin Timberlake and Bruno Mars to call Justin Timberlake to be part of the festivities . This week This week was announced that the Radio City Rockettes will perform ( though there are reports some are reluctant ) . As of now , none of the big name    celebrities are biting . And that ’s a great thing .    Celebrities should n’t lend Celebrities fame to normalize or validate Trump ’s history of racism , bigotry and sexism . And by being a part of his inauguration Celebrities would be doing just that . Celebrities would be saying it ’s OK Trump demonized Latinos , Muslims and immigrants . Celebrities would be telling us Celebrities are cool with his sexist remarks and mocking of a disabled reporter . And that Celebrities are not disgusted by Trump bragging in the infamous " Access Hollywood " tape about Trump sexually assaulting women and then publicly shaming the victims of Trump alleged sexual misconduct who had the courage to come forward .   But for some on the right , like Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly , these celebrities are n’t saying no to Trump inauguration because they these celebrities personally repulsed by Trump Trump of hate . Rather , as O’Reilly claimed Bill O’Reilly his show Bill O’Reilly night , the real reason celebrities are n’t signing on to the Trump inaugural Trump is because " some very powerful entertainment people in America do not want the Trump Trump’s inauguration a    event . "    O’Reilly even Bill O’Reilly that " veiled threats " have been made and that performers are " scared that they will lose work performers they show up . performers    To O’Reilly , Bill O’Reilly is just another example of how progressives refuse to accept a Republican president . But O’Reilly is Bill O’Reilly wrong .    This is neither a Democratic versus Republican nor conservative versus liberal issue . It ’s specific to This . He ’s not a Trump Republican who some on the left have policy disagreements with on key issues . Rather , Trump is unique     Trump ’s a person Trump campaign trafficked in hate . In fact , when Republican George W. Bush was inaugurated president in 2001 , he did n’t have Republican George W. Bush problem securing stars to be a part of his inaugural event . Republican George W. Bush , a bevy of    stars were a part of his inaugural festivities , Republican George W. Bush Destiny ’s Child     which at the time included Beyoncé     as well as other big names of the day , including Ricky Martin , Jessica Simpson and country stars like Clint Black and Lyle Lovett . True , President Obama had bigger names at his 2009 inaugural events President Obama such as U2 , Bruce Springsteen and Stevie Wonder , but Bush ’s list was still impressive .   And in 2005 , Bush ’s second inaugural Bush’s racially diverse list of    celebrities , including Gloria Estefan , Kelsey Grammer and 2003 " American Idol " winner Ruben Studdard .   The difference between Bush and Trump is Bush : Bush did n’t run Bush campaign that demonized minorities and women . Trump did . And O’Reilly Trump claim that " powerful entertainment people " are preventing celebrities from being a part of the Trump festivities is like so much of what Fox News broadcasts in prime time :   . O’Reilly offered zero evidence to O’Reilly his claim that some nefarious O’Reilly of Hollywood executives are threatening celebrities to stay away from Trump ’s inauguration . If conservatives truly were being blacklisted by " powerful entertainment people " then why do we see Clint Eastwood , Jon Voight , Vince Vaughn , Gary Sinise , and a long list of other outspoken conservatives working successfully in Hollywood . It ’s also Hollywood that none of these people were at the Republican National Convention this year , instead we saw only the likes of Scott Baio and Antonio Sabato Jr. And from a business point of view , keep in mind Trump received almost 63 million votes , that ’s a lot of people to sell your wares to if you saddle up to Team Trump . Yet , Trump celebrities are saying no to Trump despite the potential economic upside Trump Just so it ’s clear , I ’m not nor is anyone to my knowledge calling for celebrities to boycott Trump ’s inaugural events . It Trump a decision based on the conscience of each individual . But to those stars who say no to Trump , many Americans commend you for Trump to be a part of festivities to honor a man who utilized hate to elevate himself to the highest office in the land . 
 