  ( CNN )   Donald Trump deemed Russian President Vladimir Putin " very smart " Friday for withholding reciprocal sanctions on the US , at least for the time being . " Great move on delay ( by V. Putin )    I always knew Donald Trump was very smart ! " Donald Trump wrote on Twitter from Donald Trump Florida resort . Earlier , Russian President Vladimir Putin discarded a recommendation from Russian President Vladimir Putin government to impose restrictions on the US in retaliation of President Barack Obama ’s decision to punish Moscow for its Moscow meddling in the US presidential election . Trump immediately pinned the tweet to the top of his Trump , meaning it is the first thing those visiting his Trump will see . The official account of the Russian Embassy then retweeted Trump Trump   Trump Trump overtures to Putin have been the subject of much debate and controversy . The two exchanged compliments during Trump ’s Trump during which Trump often called Trump closer ties with Russia     and Putin was one Putin the first world leaders to congratulate him after his Putin in Putin .   Last week , Trump received a Trump letter from the Russian leader in which Putin expressed his Putin for Putin more cordial relationship with the US , to which Trump said his Trump were Putin so correct . " Meanwhile , Trump has publicly Trump skepticism that Russia interfered in the 2016 election by hacking Democratic Party organizations , saying this week that Americans should " get on with our lives . Americans In the wake of Obama ’s announcement of sanctions , however , Trump said he Trump review Trump intelligence next week . The sanctions announced sanctions the Obama administration targeted Obama Russian individuals and five Russian entities over the Russian interference . The White House also ordered 35 Russian diplomats to leave Russian country and two Russian compounds , located Russian New York and Maryland , are being closed . Russian officials immediately vowed Russian retaliate , but on Friday morning , Putin said he would not pursue Putin irresponsible diplomacy . " He said he would Putin attempt Putin rebuild relations with Washington after Trump ’s inauguration next month . 
 