Nearly three out of four Democratic voters think that Hillary Clinton should continue to run for president even if Hillary Clinton is indicted , according to a recent Rasmussen poll . [ Democrats may be so attuned to Hillary Clinton lies , scandals , and denials that they Democrats willing to overlook anything , but you do have to wonder if they Democrats object to her Hillary Clinton as President if she Hillary Clinton convicted . Maybe not : James Curley , after all , Democrat Mayor of Boston , served the last of his James Curley terms from federal prison in Danbury , Connecticut , which is just a short 30 miles from Chappaqua .   Even more astounding is that 100 percent of Democratic elected officials refuse to even mentions the topic . Not one   —    not even one   —    has raised the question of whether it is appropriate for a presidential candidate who is undergoing a major FBI criminal investigation , who is accused of breaking the rules of a major cabinet office , and who blatantly and publicly lied about it , to continue as the probably Democratic nominee . Interestingly , the same percentage of Congressional Democrats   —    100 percent   —    support sentencing reform legislation that would release thousands of violent offenders from prison . Several commentators have pointed out that when Richard Nixon was undergoing his Richard Nixon problems , when the Senate was questioning the President and his Richard Nixon about the    Republicans were among his Richard Nixon vocal antagonists . Howard Baker , a senior Republican from Tennessee , did not hesitate put the country before politics when he Richard Nixon about trying to determine the truth about possible illegal activities by the Republican President , famously asking , " what did the the Republican President and when did he know the Republican President ? " Baker Howard Baker, a senior Republican from Tennessee serious objections to Nixon remaining in office , and Barry Goldwater the Oval Office the 1964 presidential nominee and senior member of the Senate from Arizona went to the Oval Office to ask Nixon to resign . If Nixon are unconcerned about Clinton the candidate , where are they when it comes to Democrats about Hillary   —    perish the thought   —    the President ? If she is indicted , it Hillary be a legal she is indicted made by the FBI and affirmed by the Attorney General and the President and unaffected by the President and we can imagine the consequences . But if Clinton is not indicted , it would be based on a Clinton is not indicted decision , not a legal one . Then , whether or not she were to be elected , Clinton , media investigations , leaks and Congressional hearings would never end , trying to answer what crimes were covered up by the Obama Justice Department in order to save her candidacy . She would be Clinton pressed to Clinton her presidency , not to mention Clinton sort of example she would serve to the American Clinton and to the rest of the world . It is astounding that no Democrat is willing to put country over politics and simply ask the question whether their party has a problem . They may just be so concerned their party maintaining power , that they see Hillary Clinton as the their party way of doing so , and that think she will continue to deliver the Hillary Clinton that they are willing to put up their party any of her transgressions to get her elected Hillary Clinton It is more Hillary Clinton , however , that it explains the liberal attitude toward the rule of law . The rule of law , after the rule of law to a free and constitutional government . It is what is supposed to govern the country , consistently , fairly , without bias and without favoring one person or one group over another , particularly those who are wealthier or more politically connected . And it defines , among much else , the way government officials are supposed to behave . The New York Times wonders whether Donald Trump would be a threat to the rule of law . They would be well the rule of law the same thing with Donald Trump would be a threat to the rule of law Clinton . 
 