’   ’ ’      lawyer Gloria Allred called a press conference on    Friday announcing ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred decision to represent a former " Apprentice "    contestant who alleges that Donald Trump sexually accosted ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred at    a hotel in 2007 . ’ ’    ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred told reporters that Summer Zervos , a contestant in season    five of " The Apprentice " TV show , met with Donald Trump in 2007 at the    Beverly Hills Hotel to discuss business after ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred lost the    contest . ’ ’    But instead of job opportunities , Donald Trump greeted ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred with a    kiss on the mouth , touched ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred breast , and led ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred into Donald Trump    bedroom , ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred said . ’ ’    " ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred got the Donald all over ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred " instead of a job , Allred said . ’ ’    Zervos , who contacted Allred to represent ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred and said ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred is not    seeking litigation , gave ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred own statement describing ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred    experience with Trump . ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred said Trump treated ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred like " an    object " and that after   during the second presidential debate , ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred    felt ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred " had to speak out " about Trump behavior . ’ ’    ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred told reporters that ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred felt ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred had been " penalized for not    sleeping with Trump " when ’  ’ ’     lawyer Gloria Allred was looking for job opportunities    with Trump company in 2007 . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " I vaguely remember Ms. Zervos as one of the many contestants on    ’’ The Apprentice ’’ over the years . To be clear , I never met Ms. Zervos at    a hotel or greeted Ms. Zervos inappropriately a decade ago . That is not    who I am as a person , and it is not how I ’ve conducted my life .    In fact , Ms. Zervos continued to contact me for help , emailing my    office on April 14th of this year asking that I visit her Ms. Zervos restaurant in California , " Trump said as part of the statement . ’ ’    He Trump : ’ ’   ’ "    Zervos , who says she Ms. Zervos a Republican , is one of several women    this week to come forward accusing Trump Trump inappropriate sexual       . Trump Trump categorically denied the accusations and    launched attacks on the women making them the women He Trump not commented    specifically on Zervos’ allegations . " ’    He Trump his Trump , and his Trump have said that the    accusations are part of a vast conspiracy trying to take him Trump down . And they He, his campaign, and his supporters also publicly invoked skepticism over the    women’ ’s decisions to come forward now , years after the alleged    incidents took place . Allred , who says " many other women " have    approached her    their Allred, who says "many other women" have    experiences with Trump , countered       argument in the press conference . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Just before the the press conference   and said Donald Trump approached her    a New York City nightclub decades    ago . The woman , Kristin Anderson , alleged Trump put his Trump up Trump her skirt in Trump    sexually aggressive manner .    
 