   World    Curt Schilling wants to send Hillary Clinton to the Big House rather than the White House . [ " If Hillary Clinton ’s allowed to get to the general election before Hillary Clinton ’s in prison , " the former pitcher told Kansas City ’s 610 Sports , " I ’ll be stunned and upset because I think Hillary Clinton ’s shown Hillary Clinton true colors all along the way . And I ’ll ask you this : Do you see Hillary Clinton being anything even remotely different than what we ’ve had ? "   Schilling , who donated to Dr. Ben Carson ’s presidential campaign , offered a similarly dim view of the Republican frontrunner , saying Donald Trump ’s statements contain " no depth " and that Donald Trump’s relies on vague slogans . But he Donald Trump’s he Donald Trump’s the impulse to raise " a giant middle finger to the establishment . " He Donald Trump’s does n’t understand Hillary Clinton ’s continued success . " She Hillary Clinton’s done nothing , " Schilling told host Danny Parkins . " She Hillary Clinton’s done absolutely nothing to further the success of the middle class . She Hillary Clinton’s on the backs of people who she Hillary Clinton’s to be dependent on government . She Hillary Clinton’s these people to be dependent on her Hillary Clinton’s " ESPN suspended the outspoken    of the 2001 World Series for the final month of the 2015 regular season for his political statements . He his afoul of the Worldwide Leader in Sports for sharing a graphic on social media that compared the dangers of a small numbers of extremists in the Muslim world to the dangers of Germany containing a small number of extremists prior to the rise of Nazism . Schilling , who returned to his his on ESPN during the playoffs , appears to continue to speak his his despite his his ’s recent punishment for him his his his of speech . " I hope she does [ go to jail ] , " Schilling said of Mrs. Clinton in his Schilling interview Tuesday . " If I ’m gon na believe , and I do n’t have any reason not to believe , that she she classified information on hundreds if not thousands of emails on a public server after what happened to General Petraeus , she she be buried under a jail somewhere . " 
 