  ( CNN ) Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine leaned over to Hillary Clinton on Thursday night right after Hillary Clinton became the first woman to accept a major party ’s presidential nomination and marked the historic moment with a few words . " It is a great country and you ’ve just made It a lot greater , " Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine told Hillary Clinton , Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine recounted Friday morning on CNN ’s " New Day . " Kaine told Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine ’s CNN Camerota that joining Clinton onstage Hillary Clinton night after she accepted Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine Democratic nomination was " a very , very emotional moment " and called Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton such a contrast " to Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s speech at the Republican convention . " It was kind of midnight in America , " Kaine said of Trump ’s speech Republican nominee Donald Trump’s Her speech was morning Trump’s speech . " Kaine America Trump ’temperamentally’ Kaine from being president , Kaine also slipped into Kaine vice presidential nominee role of attack dog Friday morning as he slammed Trump ’s Kaine comments Republican nominee Donald Trump’s Russia to dig up and release thousands of Clinton ’s emails . Kaine called the comments " Kaine a disqualification for the office " and rejected Trump ’s defense that they Republican nominee Donald Trump’s sarcastic . " " I do n’t have a sense of humor about cyberterrorism , " Kaine said . " I do Kaine think he was being sarcastic , I Kaine he was being ignorant . " Kaine RELATED : Trump walks back email hack comments Republican nominee Donald Trump’s but damage lingers , In a later interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper , to air Sunday at " State of the Union , " Kaine also ribbed Trump for recently Kaine him with Republican nominee Donald Trump’s former Republican governor Kaine New Jersey , Tom Kean .   " I was a    governor of New Jersey when I was governor of New Jersey and the fact that he was a lousy governor of Kaine Jersey and he tried to raise taxes New Jersey first day in office , Kaine Kaine jested . " Ok , look , the guy ’s new to it Kaine ’re a big country and there ’s 50 states and New Jersey ’s different than Virginia , I guess you New Jersey to let him climb Virginia learning curve . " Kaine I do n’t know anything about his sanity , I ’ve never met Kaine , " Kaine added . " Kaine somebody who would mistake New Jersey Kaine Virginia , or Virginia for New Jersey , New Jersey I just Virginia my head Virginia " New Jersey ’Nobody has given me a reason’ to back TPP , On Kaine New Day , " Kaine also denied he had changed his stance on the    Partnership , Kaine that he Kaine not " Kaine my position on that . " Kaine voted Kaine grant President Barack Obama    authority to negotiate TPP and Kaine aspects of the deal , but said Friday morning that he was still concerned about an issue he raised initially with TPP : Kaine The right of corporations to challenge Kaine trade practices in TPP courts , " without giving labor unions the same rights . " It ’s been a year and nobody has given me a reason why we should embrace a trade deal , " he said . Trump has slammed both Clinton and Kaine for their past Kaine of the TPP deal and insisted that Clinton will ultimately both Clinton and Kaine the deal after passing minor changes . Top Clinton Clinton Terry McAuliffe also the TPP deal would eventually pass the trade deal Clinton well , comments the Clinton Clinton disputed .   Kaine the TPP deal for the Hyde amendment Clinton Kaine also said he Kaine to Kaine the Hyde Amendment , which the Hyde Amendment Kaine abortion .   " I have been for the Hyde Amendment . And I have not changed my position on that , " he said . Although Kaine is Catholic who is personally opposed to abortion Kaine he has a Kaine % " " rating from NARAL    America having Kaine against restrictions on abortion , including a ban on public funding for elective abortion under the Affordable Care Act and a ban on most abortions after the fifth month of pregnancy . The 2016 Democratic Party platform calls for the repealing of the Hyde Amendment , which critics say would allow for the unlimited federal funding of elective abortions for Medicaid recipients . But Kaine recently told the Weekly Standard that he had not been informed of that change .   " I have n’t been informed of that change Kaine but I ’m going to check it out , " Kaine said earlier in July . that change have traditionally been a supporter of the Hyde that change , but Kaine ’ll check it out . " Clinton ’s campaign manager Robby Mook and spokesman Jesse Ferguson have said Kaine supports Clinton ’s that change to repeal the Hyde amendment earlier this week .   And press secretary Brian Kaine tweeted that Clinton promised to carry out the Hyde Amendment on the issue . 
 Kaine Clinton Clinton’s 