   Donald J. Trump ’s foundation has acknowledged that ’s foundation may have run afoul of    rules that guard against using money meant for charity to benefit principals of the organization , according to ’s foundation 2015 tax filing . On its 2015 tax filing , the   ’s charity , the Donald J. Trump Foundation , checked " yes " to answer a question about whether its the Donald J. Trump Foundation had been directed or used to benefit a " disqualified person "   —    meaning one of the organization ’s central people . The tax its 2015 tax filing details about Mr. Trump ’s charitable giving , which became the subject of intense scrutiny during his presidential campaign after news reports raised questions about whether he had followed through his pledges he made to donate his and his lack of financial his for the foundation . The Washington Post , which first reported the    admission on the 2015 form , earlier reported that Mr. Trump had used $ 258 , 000 from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his businesses , possibly Mr. Trump    provisions . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump seeking comment on the filing . Mr. Trump and his advisers have defended his Mr. Trump practices in the Mr. Trump , noting that Mr. Trump has made significant Mr. Trump and through the foundation . Lawyers for the foundation uploaded the tax filing the foundation to the filing national database of nonprofits , and it was then made publicly available , according the filing representatives from Guidestar . It is unclear whether the Internal Revenue Service the filing received the filings . The 2015 form showed that Mr. Trump donated a total of Mr. Trump , 000 that year to his nonprofit foundation , his first contribution Mr. Trump it since 2008 Mr. Trump his largest donation in a decade . Mr. Trump payments were made through two Trump businesses : the Trump Corporation ( Mr. Trump 566 , 000 ) and Trump Productions LLC ( $ 50 , 000 ) . The next largest contribution that year was $ 150 , 000 from a foundation that year Victor Pinchuk , a Ukrainian steel magnate . Mr. Pinchuk has Mr. Pinchuk Foundation , a relationship that drew scrutiny during the presidential campaign as an example of Hillary Clinton ’s complex ties to foreign business interests . Douglas E. Schoen , a senior adviser to the board of Mr. Pinchuk ’s foundation , said in an email that the payment to Mr. Trump ’s charity Mr. Pinchuk support of appearance he did by video link at a conference Mr. Pinchuk ’s foundation organizes every year in September in Kiev Mr. Trump’s Ukraine . " Mr. Schoen said that Mr. Pinchuk Mr. Trump had met many years ago in New York , prompting the invitation for Mr. Trump to speak at the Mr. Trump’s conference . He said the two did not have any business relationship . During Mr. Trump’s , Mr. Trump praised Mr. Pinchuk and Ukrainians , Mr. Schoen , " You have had to endure a tremendous amount , and I just Mr. Trump’s is all going to work out well in the future for the Ukraine . " Mr. Trump ’s charity reported paying out $ 896 , 000 in grants for 2015 , some of which was disclosed during the campaign Mr. Trump’s included support for health causes like cancer research and the American Red Cross , as well as $ 50 , 000 for the private school attended by Mr. Trump ’s youngest son , Barron . In late September , Eric T. Schneiderman , New York ’s attorney general , ordered the charity to Mr. Trump’s office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit Mr. Schneiderman’s Trump ’s foundation to determine whether it is in compliance with state laws . 
 Mr. Schneiderman’s his office 