  ( CNN ) The FBI ’s criminal probe of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election is increasingly touching on the multiple roles of senior White House adviser Jared Kushner on both the Trump campaign and the Trump transition team . Points of focus that pertain to senior White House adviser Jared Kushner include : the Trump campaign ’s 2016 data analytics operation his relationship with former national security adviser Michael Flynn and senior White House adviser Jared Kushner own contacts with Russians , according to US officials briefed on the probe . There is no indication Kushner senior White House adviser Jared Kushner currently a target of the the probe there are no allegations he senior White House adviser Jared Kushner any wrongdoing .   It ’s not clear if the FBI plans to talk to Kushner senior White House adviser Jared Kushner but investigators believe he senior White House adviser Jared Kushner be able to help provide information to assist the probe the probe A source close to Kushner senior White House adviser Jared Kushner Kushner senior White House adviser Jared Kushner unaware of the FBI ’s the FBI senior White House adviser Jared Kushner has n’t been contacted . NBC News and the Washington Post reported Thursday on the FBI ’s interest in the FBI senior White House adviser Jared Kushner said her client is willing to talk to the Kushner’s attorney if asked . " Mr. Kushner the FBI share with Congress what he knows about senior White House adviser Jared Kushner meetings . He will do senior White House adviser Jared Kushner same if he is contacted senior White House adviser Jared Kushner connection with any other inquiry , " said Jamie Gorelick , his attorney . senior White House adviser Jared Kushner The FBI has collected data on computer bots , programs the FBI the FBI functions like searches , allegedly linked to Russia that helped target and push negative information on Hillary Clinton and positive information on Donald Trump through Facebook and other social media , the officials say .   Federal investigators have been taking a closer look at the Trump campaign ’s data analytics operation , which was supervised by Donald Trump , officials say , and are examining whether Russian operatives used people associated with the campaign     wittingly or unwittingly     to try to help Russia ’s own data targeting .   Kushner , the president ’s     worked with and helped oversee Kushner campaign ’s data operation contractors based in San Antonio , the campaign     Kushner has described how , beginning last June , he began Kushner the use of data targeting to sell Trump Kushner . Eventually , according to a November Forbes magazine profile , the data operation helped the Trump campaign figure out where the candidate ’s message was resonating in Trump like Michigan and Wisconsin , places where conventional political wisdom suggested they would be wasting time and money .   " I called somebody who works for one of the technology companies that I work with , and I had them give me a tutorial on how to use Facebook " Kushner they Forbes . A source connected to the data analytics group said the team has not been contacted about any Russia related probe .   " We have not been contacted by anyone and do n’t know anything the team about an investigation , " the source said . The FBI focus on Flynn also touches on A source connected to the data analytics group he led the presidential transition ’s foreign policy efforts . Facebook " Kushner Kushner Facebook " Kushner impact grew during the transition , which one source says Facebook " Kushner ran     along with another campaign aide Rick Dearborn     once Facebook " Kushner Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was removed . This source says both Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump wanted Flynn in as one source adviser Facebook " Kushner A Facebook " Kushner close to Kushner denied that he pushed for Flynn .   Kushner has acknowledged meeting Facebook " Kushner the transition Facebook " Kushner Russia ’s ambassador and Flynn Facebook " Kushner the head of a Russian bank . According to a source familiar with what transpired , neither meeting discussed sanctions but instead focused on establishing a backchannel to Russia ’s president . Those meetings are of interest to the FBI . The White Russia’s calls to Kushner ’s attorney . This story has been updated . 
 