Donald Trump ’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame has been restored after star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed in a    attack last month   —    and according to one report , star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is getting     protection to prevent further vandalism . [ Law enforcement sources told TMZ this week that two Los Angeles Police Department officers and at least one vehicle will patrol the area around Trump ’s star 24 hours a day , in what the outlet described as a " Secret Service " level of protection .   In addition , a security camera will reportedly be trained on the star at all hours , and private security guards working nearby will also keep an eye out . Donald Trump ’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is back to its the Hollywood Walk of Fame    …      and it the Hollywood Walk of Fame now getting Secret    protection . pic . twitter .    —    TMZ ( @TMZ ) November 24 , 2016 ,   In October , Trump Donald Trump of Fame star was destroyed before dawn when a man dressed as a construction worker repeatedly struck it with Trump’s Walk of Fame star   . James Otis , 53 , was arrested several days later and charged with felony vandalism . He faces a man dressed as a construction worker to three years in prison and a $ 10 , 000 fine if convicted . In an interview with the Los Angeles Daily News shortly after the incident , Otis   —    who described himself as a man dressed as a construction worker " Bernie Democrat "   —    said he had a man dressed as a construction worker planned to remove the star intact and auction it off the star benefit women who have accused Trump of sexual assault . " I was just so fed up , so saddened and fed up by Mr. Trump Trump of he continues to Trump of women , and he continues to Trump of and make fun about sexual violence and his own exploits Trump of women , " Otis told the paper . Trump ’s the star Trump of with swastikas and other graffiti . In late October , just days before the election , a homeless woman guarding the star from    the star by a group of    protesters . The star later became a site for celebration the star won the presidential election earlier this month .    Follow Trump of Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 