  ( CNN ) As two US government officials told CNN that a classified Justice Department report to Congress fails to confirm President Donald Trump ’s claim of wiretapping by former President Barack Obama , a Republican congressman had one suggestion for Trump : Apologize . During an interview Friday night on CNN ’s " OutFront , " Erin Burnett asked Republican Rep. Will Hurd whether President Donald Trump owed Obama an apology for the unproven allegation . Republican Rep. Will Hurd replied , " I ’m going to quote my father , Bob Hurd , and something that Republican Rep. Will Hurd ’s told all of my friends when my father, Bob Hurd got married     it never hurts to say you ’re sorry . " Asked whether Republican Rep. Will Hurd wished President Donald Trump issued an apology for the unproven allegation Friday during a news conference where Republican Rep. Will Hurd stood by the claim , Republican Rep. Will Hurd said : " Republican Rep. Will Hurd ’s the President of the United States . Republican Rep. Will Hurd can do what Republican Rep. Will Hurd thinks is in Republican Rep. Will Hurd best interest , but this is something that will probably linger . " Hurd Hurd said Republican Rep. Will Hurd has not yet seen the DOJ report that was sent to Congress on the wiretapping allegation , but was not surprised by its apparent contents . " I think it ’s the DOJ report that was sent to Congress on the wiretapping allegation pretty clear that there ’s no its apparent contents to suggest that " Obama wiretapped Trump Tower , Hurd said . FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers are set to testify Monday at a House Intelligence Committee hearing , which Hurd called "   TV . " Hurd , Hurd also sits on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , also weighed in on news that a Secret Service laptop with floor plans and evacuation protocol for Trump Tower was stolen from an agent ’s car .   He called it a " troubling " and " very serious a Secret Service laptop with floor plans and evacuation protocol for Trump Tower was stolen from an agent’s car security lapse , cautioning that " when one Secret Service agent shows a lapse like this , it affects the entire organization . " 
 a Secret Service laptop with floor plans and evacuation protocol for Trump Tower was stolen from an agent’s car 