Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump has mentioned Mexico frequently since Donald Trump first day on the campaign trail . The GOP nominee ’s first controversial campaign remarks on Mexico came in his The GOP nominee announcement speech , when he The GOP nominee some Mexican immigrants " rapists " and criminals . Mexico Mexico had its Mexico of talk about Donald Trump as well since then . As Donald Trump visits Mexico Mexico to meet with President Enrique Peña Nieto , here ’s a look back at some of Donald Trump ’s more memorable comments on Mexico Mexico campaign     and how the country ’s leaders responded .   ’Rapists’     " When Mexico Mexico its Mexico , they its people not sending their its people . . .. They its people sending people that have lots of problems , and they its people bringing those problems us . They its people bringing drugs . They its people bringing crime . They its people rapists . And some , I assume , are good people , " Trump said in his announcement Trump . June 2015 .      " I am personally offended by the mainstream media ’s attempt to distort my comments regarding Mexico and its great Mexico , " Trump said Trump the days after his announcement his announcement speech I have many successful business relationships with Mexican companies and employ and am close friends with many Mexican people . I Mexican have tremendous respect for the leaders of Mexico , who , Mexico , are much smarter and tougher than our politicians here in the United States . " June 2015 .      " Some are good and some are rapists and some are killers . We do n’t even know what we ’re getting , We Trump said in an interview , further clarifying his initial remarks . Trump 2015 .   The wall ,     " I would build a great wall     and nobody builds walls better than me , believe me Trump and I ’ll build them very inexpensively . walls will build a great , great wall on our southern border . And I will have Mexico pay for that wall , " a great, great wall on our southern border in his Trump speech . Trump 2015 .      " And I do n’t mind having a big , beautiful door in that wall so that people a great, great wall on our southern border into this country legally . But we Mexico Jeb , to build a wall . We need to keep illegals out , we Trump told opponent Jeb Trump in the first Republican debate . August 2015 .      " There is no way that Mexico can pay [ for ] a wall like that , " Peña Nieto told CNN . July 2016 .      " I ’m not going to pay for that f***ing wall . He should pay a wall " former Mexican Peña Nieto Vicente Fox told a wall ’s Jorge Ramos . February 2016 .       " FMR PRES of Mexico , Vicente Fox horribly used the F word Mexico discussing former Mexican President Vicente Fox . He must apologize ! If I a wall there would be former Mexican President Vicente Fox uproar ! " Trump tweeted in response to Fox . February 2016 . War of words ,     " former Mexican President Vicente Fox ’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Mexico Mexico —   totally corrupt . U. S. paid them $ 3 billion , " Trump tweeted about the escape of ’s escape —  totally corrupt biggest Mexican drug lord . Trump 2015 .     " I love the Mexican people , but Mexico is not our friend . They ’re killing us at Mexico border and they ’re killing us the Mexican people jobs and our . FIGHT ! " the Mexican people tweeted . our 2015 .     " The leader and negotiators Trump Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and Mexico representing the U. S. ! " Trump tweeted . June 2015 .     Peña Nieto called Trump ’s Trump " strident June 2015.     with Mexican paper Trump said : " That ’s how Mussolini got in . That ’s how Hitler got in . " March 2016 ,     " That could be a Mexican plane up there     they ’re getting ready to attack , " Trump said as Mexican plane flew overhead during a town hall in Manchester Trump New Hampshire . June 2016 .   Pleasantries ,     " The closeness between the US and Mexico is more than a relationship between two governments , " Peña Nieto said during a visit to the US , saying he would work with anyone elected . " It is a solid , sound , unbreakable Peña Nieto between peoples who live in both nations . . .. I am certain the political process in the following months will be characterized by the intensity of the debate , " he said , offering his " deepest respect " to both Hillary Clinton and Trump . Peña Nieto 2016 .      Peña Nieto Happy # CincoDeMayo ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill . I love Hispanics ! " Trump tweeted with a picture of him enjoying a taco bowl on the Mexican holiday . Trump 2016 . The judge , Trump " I ’m building a wall . It ’s an inherent conflict of interest , " Trump told The Wall Street Journal about The judge,    "I’m building a wall Gonzalo Curiel , a    judge with Mexican Trump , would be unable to preside over a lawsuit involving Trump University . June Mexican .      " He ’s proud of his heritage . I respect him for that , " Trump told Trump later . " Mexican heritage a Mexican . Trump ’re building a wall Trump here and Mexico . " Trump 2016 . Mexican Pope ,     " A person who thinks only about building walls , wherever they may be , and not building bridges , is not Christian . This is not the gospel , " Pope Francis told journalists during a visit to Mexico when asked about Trump ’s immigration positions . February 2016 .     " Somehow , the Mexico of Mexico spoke with the Pope     I mean , they spent a lot of time with the Mexico     and by the time he left , the government of Mexico made a statement . .. I the Pope     talked about , ’Isn’t it terrible that Mr. Trump he to have border security,’ et the government of Mexico , et cetera . And the Pope made the statement , " Trump said , blaming the Mexican government during a CNN town hall the Pope     the Pope     . a statement .      welcome Mr. Trump     " Mr. @realDonaldTrump although you ’ve been invited you are not welcomed . The Mexicans have dignity and we repudiate your hate speech , " tweeted former Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala , who is married to former President Felipe Calderón , according to a CNN translation . August 2016 .     " He is not welcome to Mexico by 130 million people . We do n’t like him , We do n’t want Fox . We reject his message , " Fox said on CNN about Trump ’s Fox . We 2016 .     Fox Former We Vicente Fox , who is railing against my CNN to Mexico today , also August 2016.     apologized for using the ’f bomb.’ " Trump tweeted . August 2016 . Trump’s visit I invited you to come and Fox to all Mexicans . Stop lying ! Trump’s is not August 2016.     . Show some respect . " Fox responded . August 2016 . 
 Fox Mexico 