  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Thursday that President Donald Trump feared President Donald Trump firing of FBI Director James Comey could confuse Americans , but went ahead with the plan anyway . " When I did this now I said , I probably , maybe will confuse people , " President Donald Trump told NBC News . But President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump did it anyway " to do the right thing for the American people . " President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump wanted FBI FBI into Russia ’s election meddling to be " absolutely done properly . " President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump ’s firing might " lengthen out the investigation the FBI’s investigation into Russia’s election meddling Earlier Thursday , White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Comey firing Comey’s firing agency ’s the FBI’s investigation into Russia’s election meddling want this to come to its conclusion , we want it to come to its conclusion this integrity , We she this , referring to this FBI ’s probe into Moscow White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders interference in last year ’s election . " And we think that we ’ve actually , by removing Director Comey We taken steps We make that happen . " The statement had come as a surprising admission from the White House that Comey ’s sudden dismissal on Tuesday may have an effect on the Russia probe . Officials have insisted the removal came because of Comey ’s handling of an investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email Comey and was unrelated to his oversight of the look into Russia ’s election hacking and possible Comey between Trump advisers and Russian Russia Earlier in her briefing Thursday , Sanders claimed that Comey ’s firing had not altered the Russia investigation Comey all . Comey Any investigation that was taking place Monday Russia taking place today , " Sanders said , suggesting that was an indication that Comey ’s firing Comey not impact the ongoing probe . Sanders said Thursday Comey’s would " love nothing more for this Comey to continue to its completion . " Trump himself has cast doubt Any investigation that was taking place Monday investigation , suggesting any Any investigation that was taking place Monday of ties between Trump and Russia are a Any investigation that was taking place Monday . " Trump said Thursday he wants to get Trump the bottom of Russia ’s meddling in the US Trump Thursday . Trump insisted that his firing of Comey would Russia put a damper on the FBI ’s probe Trump the matter Trump " I think that we have to get back to work but I want to find out     I want to get to the bottom . If Russia hacked , if Russia did anything having to do with our election the bottom of Russia to know Russia it , " Russia said . " If Russia or anybody we is trying to interfere with our elections I think it ’s a horrible Russia and I want to get to the bottom of we and I want our elections make sure it will never ever happen , " Trump said . 
 our elections our elections 