  ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions met twice last year with the top Russian diplomat in Washington whose interactions with President Donald Trump ’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn led to Michael Flynn ’s firing , according to the Justice Department . Sessions did not mention either meeting during President Donald Trump confirmation hearings when President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump knew of no contacts between President Donald Trump surrogates and Russians . A Justice official said Sessions did n’t mislead senators during A Justice official confirmation . The revelation prompted key Democrats to call for Sessions’ resignation , including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . " Last night when I read the revelations . .. and A Justice official decision to mislead Congress without those contacts , I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach , " Schumer told reporters Thursday . " The information reported last night makes it clear , beyond the shadow of a doubt , that Attorney General Sessions can not possibly lead an investigation . .. with the revelations , he Schumer very well become the subject of it . " Several Republicans also called on Sessions to recuse himself Schumer    inquiries . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee , told CNN Sessions " should further clarify his Schumer . " Rep. Darrell Issa ,       " we Rep. Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee a       of what the Russians actually did so that all Americans can have faith in our institutions . " " Jeff CNN Sessions a former colleague and a friend , but I think it would be best for him   for the country to recuse himself from him DOJ Russia probe , " said Sen. Rob Portman ,    in a statement . House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy , in an interview with MSNBC , said Sessions should recuse himself for House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy the trust of the American people . " An aide later said McCarthy was House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy referring to Sessions’ statement that he should House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy himself if House Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy was a conflict . Meanwhile , Sen. Al Franken ,    told CNN ’s " New Day " that Sessions’ testimony in January was " extremely misleading . " The attorney general strongly pushed back against the reports , saying he never The attorney general    issues    anyone from Russia . " I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign , " he said The attorney general a statement . " I have no idea what this allegation is about . It is this allegation . " Asked by NBC News Thursday morning if he would The attorney general himself in The attorney general any potential ties between Trump ’s campaign and Russian officials Russian Sessions said he would The attorney general so " whenever it ’s appropriate . " Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador Russian is considered by US intelligence to be one of Russia ’s top spies and    in Washington , according to current and former senior US government officials .   Russian officials Russian this characterization . Sessions met with Kislyak twice , in July on the sidelines of the Republican convention , and in September in his office when Sessions was a member of the Senate Armed Services committee . Sessions was an early Trump backer and regular surrogate for him as his candidate . The Washington Post first reported on Sessions’ meetings with the official . Leading Democratic lawmakers , including Pelosi and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , called for Sessions to resign after the news broke , with Pelosi characterizing Pelosi comments Pelosi his confirmation Pelosi " apparent perjury . " " The top cop in our country lied under oath to the a people is grounds for him to Pelosi , " Pelosi told Pelosi Thursday . " He has Pelosi that he is Pelosi and unfit to serve in that position of trust . " Sessions’ office says AG did n’t mislead , Kislyak ’s potential proximity to Russian spying is one reason why Flynn ’s interactions with him , Flynn Flynn ’s Flynn to disclose what he discussed Flynn Kislyak , Kislyak concerns among intelligence officials . In his confirmation Flynn to become attorney general , Sessions was asked about Russia and he responded Flynn the time that he " Flynn not have communications with the Russians . " Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said there was nothing " misleading about his answer Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores to Congress because the Alabama Republican " was asked during the hearing about communications between Russia and Russia Trump campaign     not about meetings he took Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores a senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee . " " Last year , the Senator Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores 25 conversations with foreign ambassadors as a senior member of the Armed Services the Armed Services Committee British , Korean , Japanese , Polish , Indian , Chinese , Canadian , Australian , German and Russian ambassadors , " Isgur Flores said in the statement .   A Justice Department official confirmed the meetings , but said Sessions met with the ambassadors " in his capacity the British, Korean, Japanese, Polish, Indian, Chinese, Canadian, Australian, German and Russian ambassadors senator on the A Justice Department official Serviced Committee . " A White House official said : " This is the latest attack against the Trump Administration by partisan Democrats . ( Attorney ) General Sessions met with the ambassador in an official capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , which is entirely consistent with his testimony . " Meanwhile , the the ambassador government on Thursday said it has never interfered and has no the Russian government to ever interfere in the domestic affairs of other countries , Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov told journalists when questioned about Sessions . " Let ’s say it ’s not our headache , " the Russian government said . the Russian government outraged , In Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov to the report , Rep. Elijah Cummings , a Maryland Democrat Cummings   " There is no longer any question that we need a truly independent commission " to investigate potential ties between Russia and the Trump campaign , Cummings said . " It is inconceivable that even after Michael Flynn was fired for concealing his conversations with the Russians that Attorney General Sessions would keep his own conversations for several weeks . " Cummings called Sessions’ Michael Flynn during his confirmation hearing that he did not have communications Michael Flynn the Russians " demonstrably false . " Cummings , who asked Sessions Cummings Russia at the Cummings hearing , said in a the Russians night that Session’ testimony in January was " misleading at best . " Franken said if the reports of Sessions’ contacts with Kislyak were true , then he " can not , in good faith Cummings oversee an investigation at the Department of Justice and the FBI of the Cummings connection , and he must recuse himself immediately . " News of Sessions’ contacts with Kislyak came as the New York Times reported Wednesday evening Cummings officials under Cummings President Barack Obama had sent information throughout government about Kislyak Russian contact with Trump ’s associates and interference in the 2016 election . The officials did so , the Times reported , in order to preserve the information after Obama left office . Regarding the Obama officials under former President Barack Obama , Obama ’s the New York Times the New York Times told CNN : " This situation was serious , as former President Barack Obama evident by President Obama ’s former President Barack Obama for a review former President Barack Obama as is evident by the United States response . When the ( intelligence community ) does that former President Barack Obama comprehensive review , it is standard practice that a significant amount of information would be compiled and documented . " Two days before Trump ’s inauguration , the State Department the (intelligence community) Sen. Ben Cardin , a Maryland Democrat and the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , a batch of documents related to Russian attempts to meddle in elections worldwide , two sources familiar with the matter told CNN . Cardin spokesman Sean Bartlett told CNN that the senator had received the classified documents on request and that they were shared with both Republican and Democratic committee staffers . This story is CNN updated to reflect new developments . 
 