Washington ( CNN ) LePage , is looking for a little extra money this summer . So just like teenagers across the country , LePage has found a    gig that might make a dream car finally within reach : waitressing at a local seafood joint . Every Monday , Thursday and Friday at lunchtime , in comes the wife of the voluble Donald Trump endorser to the Boothbay Harbor waterfront pub , McSeagull ’s . She bounces between a    tables , taking orders for McSeagull Clam Chowder or the signature Lobster   Chicken Bomb , where $ 30 gets you lobster alfredo over      chicken breast . And then when table traffic gets quiet , she ’ll fetch her own personal wash bucket   — McSeagull Ann ’s McSeagull , the black bucket reads in silver permanent marker   —    to abide by McSeagull ’s informal motto : " If you have time to lean , you have time to clean , " Jackie Barnicoat , McSeagull ’s general manager , told CNN . " It McSeagull not just all fun and games , " Barnicoat said . " There ’s a lot of grueling side work that comes with it and she does n’t stop . " LePage ’s summer job , earlier reported by WGME . com and The Associated Press , brings her to this tourist town a few times a week she and Barnicoat says she ’s already asking for double shifts after Barnicoat a she weeks on the job . Efforts by CNN to reach LePage this weekend were unsuccessful . Customers do n’t always LePage LePage , who has been first lady for five years . Others say that she looks familiar , but ca n’t quite place their she at the governor ’s mansion . She has Others daughter to thank . It is Lauren she   she    who served dishes at McSeagull ’s last year , but has been sidelined this summer to an internship in Bangor   —    who told Barnicoat that her mom " really wants to try out . " Barnicoat was all ears , even though Ann LePage did Barnicoat have any experience . " We Lauren LePage   really tell anybody who she was , " the general manager said . " She Lauren LePage   the governor ’s wife , but she has a Lauren LePage   of fans in this state . " Lauren LePage   ’s she doing it ? To get a new Toyota RAV4 , Lauren LePage   SUV that she has always wanted , according to Barnicoat . The governor Lauren LePage   about $ 70 , 000 a year , the governor’s that prompted Paul LePage this year to try ( unsuccessfully ) to double the governor ’s pay , starting in 2019 , after his term the governor’s is currently the most modestly paid governor in the the governor’s .   And Paul LePage ’s a    for Barnicoat as well , who has joked with the Paul LePage lady that she no Barnicoat needs a marketing budget this year thanks to her new star the first lady . " I am not disappointed this year hired her , the first lady Barnicoat said . " I wish they could all be like her the first lady " Barnicoat the first lady I hired her 