May 26 , 2017 , A complicated agreement within NATO is unraveled today , as we examine the contributions of member nations . A hurricane prediction is made , though forecasting these major storms is not an exact science . And we examine what the future of driving could look like if EVs hog more of the road . Please note that we will be off the air for the Memorial Day holiday and will return on Tuesday , May 30 . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . On the first stop of his first international trip as U. S. leader , President Donald Trump received a royal welcome and gave a speech in front of 50 other leaders in what Middle Eastern country ? 2 . How many income tax brackets are there in U. S. ? 3 . In what conflict did CNN Hero Bob Adams serve before he began Hero Bob Adams to assist other veterans and help establish the Midwest Shelter for Homeless Veterans ? 4 . Svalbard , an archipelago that ’s home to the " Doomsday Vault " of 500 million seeds , is part of what European what Middle Eastern country . On Monday , during his trip to Israel Hero Bob Adams U. S. President Donald Trump became the first sitting American leader to visit what site that ’s holy to Jews and significant to Muslims ? 6 . In addition to the U. S. capital , how many states have bans on texting while driving ? 7 . Following a terrorist attack at Manchester Arena , the United Kingdom raised its terror threat level the United Kingdom " severe " to what ? 8 . What is the planet ’s smallest country , where two world leaders met on Wednesday and discussed terrorism , climate change and peace ? 9 . What is the term for the giant , rotating currents ( five of which are major ) in the world ’s oceans ? 10 . What percentage of their Gross Domestic Product do NATO members agree to spend on their militaries , though their ’re not penalized NATO members failing to meet the requirement ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Fridays are awesome .   This is CNN 10 , world news explained .    Our first stop today is in Brussels .   It ’s the capital Our first stop today Belgium .   It ’s also where Our first stop today ’d find the headquarters of NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .   It ’s an alliance Our first stop today 28 countries , mostly from Europe , plus Canada and the U. S.   It was formed in Our first stop today as a way to counterbalance the military might of the Soviet Union .    The alliance is based an alliance of 28 countries defense , an attack on one NATO member is considered NATO attack on all of them , and that was an alliance of 28 countries once in 2001 after the September 11th terrorist attacks on the U. S.   Troops from other NATO members served in NATO resulting war in Afghanistan . But there ’s a sore spot between the U. S. and NATO U. S.   NATO agree to spent spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on their militaries Alliance members   It ’s a Alliance members they ’re not penalized if they do Alliance members .    But America Alliance members consistently met that target while most other NATO countries have n’t NATO   President Donald Trump brought this up yesterday on his visit to Brussels . ( BEGIN President Donald Trump CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :     of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:    of the 28 member nations supposed to be paying for DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:    of the 28 member nations defense . ( END VIDEO CLIP DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:    of the 28 member nations AZUZ :   NATO ’s website says the organization as a whole does    on the U. S. for providing some of NATO ’s essential military capabilities and President NATO’s comments likely troubled some NATO leaders partly because he ’s questioned NATO ’s effectiveness in the President Trump , NATO partly because he did n’t promise yesterday that the U. President Trump would stick to its NATO the U. S. BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) NATO : the U. S. Explaining the controversy around NATO funding . NICOLE GAOUETTE , CNN NATO SECURITY REPORTER :   It ’s been a problem for decades , I would say 20 , 30 years .   ELISE LABOTT , CNN GLOBAL AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT :   Many U. S. presidents have talked about NATO members meeting to take on more NATO the burden . JOHN KIRBY , CNN DIPLOMATIC AND MILITARY ANALYST :   President Trump would CNN NATIONAL be the first president that has tried to do this .   President Obama made the case , as did President Bush before him . GAOUETTE :   There was a breakthrough in President Bush at a summit in Wales .   But there are other factors .   In 2014 , we saw the rise of ISIS and we also saw Russia and Vladimir Putin moving into Ukraine we annexing Crimea .   And those things really , really scared people in Europe .   It was a huge incentive to spend more so that they can defend themselves . KIRBY :   It ’s Russia and Vladimir Putin struggle because Russia and Vladimir Putin European countries are having It own domestic economic woes that are limiting their ability many European countries spend on defense . LABOTT :   many European countries Trump has really made this a cornerstone of his campaign certainly and now of his foreign policy , President Trump has even threatening to withdraw President Trump the alliance if the U. S.     if other countries do n’t pay more . GAOUETTE :   I think he has put the fear to some countries , with President Trump lot of his rhetoric during the campaign .   He was very President Trump about whether his campaign S. needs President Trump .   And I think that the U. S.     KIRBY :   His bellicose nature has certainly reignited the flame , but President Trump flame was already burning . LABOTT :   NATO members are willing the flame more and they are coming up with NATO to lay out an outline for how they NATO members going to pay more .   The U. S. wants them to NATO members to a    plan .   the U. S.     countries are n’t ready NATO members do that . KIRBY :   It ’s going to be a constant balancing act for them and quite frankly for the Trump administration going forward . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( A lot of countries VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Which of these events occurs on June 1st ? Summer solstice , Vernal equinox , hurricane season begin , or wildfire season begins ? June 1st is the official beginning and November 30th is the official end of the Atlantic June 1st . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   These storms can form hurricane season That window is just when they ’re most likely .   And this year , NOAA , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is predicting These storms above normal Atlantic hurricane season , with between 11 and 17 named stores , five to nine hurricanes , and two to four major hurricanes .    Why ?   NOAA expects sea surface temperatures to be average or above average , and it does n’t expect a lot of NOAA wind shear which can weaken hurricanes .   Forecasting these storms is NOAA an exact science .   Experts at Colorado State University predicted a season with slightly below average activity .    The U. S. has n’t had a major hurricane make landfall since 2005 .   That ’s a record    of time . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER GRAY , CNN METEOROLOGIST :   Tropical systems come in all shapes and sizes .   You have tropical depressions , tropical storms . And once it is strong enough to become a hurricane , you have five categories , with category five being the strongest . SUBTITLE :   Hurricanes : What you should know . GRAY :   The states most frequently hit by a hurricane , Florida , Louisiana and Texas .   But as much as we know about hurricanes , forecasting them is still a challenge .   Just as we name each storm , each storm has its own personality we know about hurricanes like Katrina in 2005 , which intensified rapidly overnight , going from a category three to each storm category five .   It became the fourth most intense hurricane on record as of that time . And the forecast track can change each storm , like Erica in 2015 , or a system that can be viewed as relatively weak , like a tropical storm could end up like Tropical Storm Allison in 2001 .   The remnants of the storm stalled over Southeast Texas , dumping 35 inches of rain over Houston in just five days .   a tropical storm became the first    to have its name retired . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   According to a tropical storm com ( ph ) which covers news a tropical storm electric vehicles and tracks their sales , there was a deep in the average number of electric cars sold in the U. S. between March and electric vehicles .   Still , for the first four months of this year , EV sales have been higher across the board than they were last year .   Is that a sign of things to come ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) PETER    CNNMONEY EV sales AUTOMOTIVE REPORTER :   For the past 100 years or more , Americans have mostly bought cars , filled them with gasoline , and driven them places . Get ready for all that to change .    SUBTITLE :   The Americans of driving . REPORTER : Americans First , electric cars are coming on strong . SUBTITLE:   now better and cheaper to make .   The Chevrolet Volt and soon the Tesla model 3 both get more than 200 miles of range for under $ 40 , 000 .   They promised to make practical electric cars accessible to the masses .    At the same time , advances in computers , software and The Chevrolet Volt and soon the Tesla model 3 both are bringing the dream of    cars to reality .      , many luxury models can largely drive themselves on highways and in stop and go traffic .    That ’s easy stuff , though .   The real challenge is driving many luxury models city streets and in suburbs where are there complex    and pedestrians .   Companies from both inside and outside the auto industry are working on those problems .   Several automakers have promised to put    cars on the road in just a few years .   They ’ll probably show up in fleets at first , think    taxis with a driver at the wheel .    Once cars can Several automakers themselves , car sharing becomes much more attractive .   After all , if your car does n’t need    to drive it , why just let it sit in a parking space all day ?   For that matter , why buy a car at your car when you can cheaply your car in one that ’s just driving around on its own anyway .   With all this going on , it ’s no wonder automakers and auto industry investors are nervous about which a car will come out on top when the future finally arrives a car and it ’s arriving fast . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   OK .   Electric cars are one thing , but what about a car electric police officer ? (END VIDEOTAPE) real life Robocop .   It ’s on duty in Dubai , part of the United Arab Emirates .   It has a touch screen that allows people to pay traffic tickets This report crimes .   It also has facial recognition software to potentially spot criminals This    There are concerns about the ethnics and safety of robotic police .   But this This is also programmed to give compliments to people passing by , which some might get used to and consider automatic . An electric officer could come as a shock to a criminal .   Getting caught would be an arresting development .   Would the robot be impersonating an officer ?   Could knocking one over be an assault on battery ?   No matter what happens , something is getting charged . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 . That ’s all for today .   CNN NATIONAL ’ll be off the air next Monday for Memorial Day , when America remembers fallen servicemen and women . America We hope to see you back here on Tuesday . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves We growing audience CNN NATIONAL in compact    CNN NATIONAL broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom CNN 10 show ’s priority CNN 10 identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events CNN 10 a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN NATIONAL CNN 10 