Washington ( CNN ) A former GOP representative argued Friday that if President Donald Trump were a Democrat , there would be more backlash from Republicans over the firing of FBI Director James Comey . " If Hillary Clinton had won and FBI Director James Comey had    an investigation into Hillary Clinton email server and Hillary Clinton did n’t like the way it was going and Hillary Clinton fired him , I ’m quite certain my party would be rightly howling , " Bob Inglis , a former South Carolina representative , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Friday on " OutFront . " " When the shoe ’s on this foot , the shoe ’s like , ’Oh , well , the shoe ’s new at the shoe . ’ " The former politician , who lost the shoe    bid in 2010 , also called out House Speaker Paul Ryan for the shoe defense of Trump . " @SpeakerRyan you know this is n’t true , " Inglis tweeted , linking to an article titled " House Speaker Paul Ryan for his defense of Trump denies GOP would try to impeach Dem accused of same actions as Trump . "   " You know that you would be inquiring into impeachment if this were a D. " Inglis argued Ryan , who Inglis called a friend , is apologizing for Trump too much . Inglis was among 30 former GOP lawmakers who signed an    letter in October 2016 . They wrote 30 former GOP lawmakers who signed an   letter in October 2016    made a " makes a mockery " of their principles 30 former GOP lawmakers who signed an   letter in October 2016 Inglis , Inglis " the substance " of the investigation into the Trump administration is " way more serious . " " In the case of Bill Clinton , we were dealing with sex in the White House President Bill Clinton intern and then a cover up , " Inglis said . " That ’s quite different substance than a hostile country affecting or attempting to affect the outcome of our presidential election . " He said Clinton also " never fired the FBI director when he Inglis n’t like President Bill Clinton way an investigation was going . " Inglis investigation into Russia ’s probe in the 2016 election and the Trump an investigation to Russia is our presidential election President Richard Nixon ’s situation , Inglis said . He cited the " Russia Night Massacre , " during which Nixon tried to " get rid of Inglis people that were pursuing the investigation " into Watergate . President Richard Nixon It did n’t work out for Nixon , and I really an investigation Trump might have learned that it ’s probably not a good idea President Richard Nixon " Inglis said . " Because there are an awful lot It FBI agents now that want to make sure Inglis get to the bottom of this . " Still , he said " it ’s too early to an awful lot of FBI agents " whether Trump could be impeached . " What the Donald Trump has to do is look at these facts and . Donald Trump not hold back with any explanations or minimizing it or explaining it away , " he said . " But rather say , ’Now listen here : This is a it matter . Somebody Donald Trump might have participated in a hostile country ’s attack on the heart of our republic , and we ’re going to get to the bottom of it . And if it leads to the President , our to his family , or to anybody in his campaign , so it it . ’ " 
 the President the President 