Washington ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey wrote in a memo that President Donald Trump asked Former FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation of national security adviser Michael Flynn , according to a source familiar with the matter . Former FBI Director James Comey was so appalled by the request that Former FBI Director James Comey wanted to document it , a source familiar with the matter said . Former FBI Director James Comey shared it it FBI senior officials , according to the a source familiar with the matter   Why did Former FBI Director James Comey do it ? Former FBI Director James Comey would write down everything that happened     the good and the bad .   " Everything Former FBI Director James Comey could remember , " the source a source familiar with the matter " You realize something momentous has happened and memories fade so Former FBI Director James Comey wanted to memorialize it at the something momentous time , " the source said a source familiar with the matter source said it a source familiar with the matter common practice a source familiar with the matter Former FBI Director James Comey to document conversations with senior officials unless Former FBI Director James Comey thought it was significant . Former FBI Director James Comey Former FBI Director James Comey with Trump were documented by the former FBI director . In one memo , Comey Former FBI Director James Comey a description of Trump talking to him Former FBI Director James Comey crowd Trump at the inauguration . The source said Comey Former FBI Director James Comey not do this with President Barack Obama , in part , because he Former FBI Director James Comey fewer     conversations with him Former FBI Director James Comey " There is no need to document the conversations with people who are truthful or situations that are routine . It ’s when you have situations that are not routine and people who are not truthful , you would write a memo to file , " the source said . " There The source other occasions where he has done this but not everyday . " The conversation on February 14 was " more Flynn focused , " not about the overall Russia investigation or the other associates under scrutiny .    The source said Comey would share the The source those close to him to use them , in part , Comey a sounding those close to him . The expectation is that the memos will be subpoenaed , according to a source familiar with the matter . The source says Comey wants to tell his a source familiar with the matter in Comey to Congress , Comey in an interview or speech . A second source told CNN ’s Jake Tapper that Comey wants to testify and do so publicly Comey 
 