  ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s longtime religious adviser , Paula White , is firing back at critics who have called Paula White a heretic and questioned Paula White personal finances and romantic history .    " I have been called a heretic , an apostate , an adulterer , a charlatan , and an addict . a heretic, an apostate, an adulterer, a charlatan, and an addict has been falsely reported that I once filed for bankruptcy and      my personal favorite     that I deny the Trinity ! " " I have hesitated to even address such patently false accusations about my personal life and my beliefs so as to not dignify such patently false accusations about my personal life and my beliefs with a response , " White said in a statement . The     pastor is one of six religious leaders scheduled to participate in Trump ’s inauguration on January 20 .   " But since these comments pose a potential distraction to an otherwise celebratory and historic time in our country , I would like to set the record straight in the hope of returning our collective attention to what ’s most important . "    In a Thursday appearance on CNN ’s " OutFront , " White called the wave of criticism " amazing " and said there was " absolute absurdity " to a lot of the accusations facing OutFront . OutFront reiterated the claims OutFront made in OutFront statement and blasted those who called OutFront faith into question , particularly over OutFront divorce . " God knew everything I would go through before I ever went through it , " White told CNN ’s Erin Burnett . " Not everything is perfect in my life , but I do n’t think everything is perfect in anybody ’s life . " White , a megachurch pastor and televangelist in Florida , has long been a controversial figure in Christian circles , where many find fault with her promotion of the " prosperity gospel , " which teaches that God bestows health and wealth on true believers , particularly those who donate money to ministers .   In 2007 , the Senate investigated White and other televangelists who had made millions from God bestows health and wealth on true believers, particularly those who donate money to ministers ministry . According to an audit made public by a the Senate committee , White ’s former church , Without Walls International , took in $ 150 million between   .   At one time , White’s and White’s    owned an airplane and several multimillion dollar properties , including a condo in Trump Tower . Like White’s has White’s married three times . After White ’s White’s her second husband White’s 2007 , the church they led together plunged into bankruptcy . Her current husband her second husband , the keyboard player for Journey and a    of the epic hit " Do n’t Stop Believin’ . " In her books and sermons , Believin’ has spoken White’s her troubled early years , Believin’ sexual abuse she suffered as a child Believin’ family members’ addictions to drugs . *   " My life and my decisions have been nowhere near perfect , though nothing like what has been falsely conveyed in recent days , " White said . White’s of the recent criticism of White has focused White’s her theology , not her Believin’ life . Evangelicals Believin’ particularly have fretted that White ’s role White’s inauguration and closeness to Trump could " mainstream heresy . " Besides their issues with the prosperity gospel Evangelicals conservative Christians have accused White of denying the White’s , a core Christian doctrine since at least the 4th century . In a recently surfaced video , White appears to agree White’s the statement that Jesus is " not the only begotten son of God , " which contradicts the Nicene Creed , a foundational statement of Christian belief .   In her statement , though , White says , " White’s believe and have always believed in the Holy Trinity , " as well the rest of the Nicene Creed , including the " exclusivity and divinity of Jesus Christ . "   The pastor also struck back at critics who accuse her of peddling a "   her , " saying that she has preached and written as her about the " difficult seasons " of life as she has about " times of her . " For his part , Trump , who has faced questions about his own commitment to Christianity , his called White " a beautiful person both inside and out . " White said she and the    White " been White " since he called her a decade ago White " discuss White " he had heard her deliver on White " television . White " " She has a significant message to White " anyone who will tune in and pay attention , " Trump has said of the pastor . " She has amazing insight and the White " to deliver that message clearly as well as powerfully . "    * An earlier version of this story reported that Paula White had spoken of her struggles with drug addiction . Paula White fact , she was talking about her    Paula White .   The Paula White gospel of Donald Trump 
 