Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw agrees with NBC News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon , who asserts that the sentiment behind the    revolt that has catapulted Donald Trump to the Republican presidential nomination has its the sentiment behind the   revolt that has catapulted Donald Trump to the Republican presidential nomination in the " can do "    and independence captured in the former anchor ’s book , The Greatest Generation . [ During a live    interview at Sirius XM ’s broadcasting headquarters in New York City   that began with the story of his    journey with multiple myeloma , Brokaw went on to share with Breitbart News Daily host Bannon his    on the The Greatest Generation the 2016 presidential election .   Bannon noted that Bannon in his view , Bannon current    vote powering the campaigns of both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders is " like , really the Greatest Generation book , because you wrote about the Greatest Generation The Greatest Generation fought the war , not from the general ’s level , but from the little guy , the guy in the trenches , the guy that had to climb the cliffs at Pointe du Hoc , the guys that had to storm the beaches , the guys in the Pacific that took Peleliu and Tarawa , it was their voices . " " the guys in the Pacific that took Peleliu and Tarawa n’t that national pride , this nationalism , this populism , is n’t it predicated on that Greatest Generation determination , that grit ? " Bannon asked . " There ’s no question about that , " Brokaw answered . " I still see myself as the correspondent from Bannon Street . I get it , " the veteran the correspondent from Main Street added . " It ’s my fiftieth year the correspondent from Main Street NBC and we ’re doing a whole series . Ten , twelve years ago , I was out in the middle of Ohio talking about the lost American dream , about manufacturing disappearing from places like Toledo , Ohio , which was the home of Libbey Glass at that time . About how the working class had changed in Detroit . Now everybody was on the run . They would get an assignment the working class the morning and they would have to go the working class Cincinnati , or they would have to go the working class different places , " Brokaw said . " On the other hand , you do see those towns where they said , OK , the working class ’ve got to reinvent the working class . That era is the working class , we ’ve got to find the working class new way of doing things , and they ’ve been enterprising at the working class it . " The Greatest Generation , first published in 1998 , chronicles how the little guys in America —   the grunt fighting on the front lines of combat , his wife or girlfriend working in the plane factory at home —   won World War II . " Do you see this    vote , whether it ’s Bernie Sanders on this   vote left , or Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , Tea Party groups on the right , do you think the establishment of both parties , and the intellectual and cultural elite of the country have let the country down ? That the country kind of in this   …     almost leaderless ? " Bannon asked . " I think what they ’ve done is separate themselves from the country , " they jumped the country " I think   …     they did n’t listen to the country they this cycle . It the country a kind of    process in Washington . Everybody , because of gerrymandering , Democrats and Republicans , are generally in good shape about getting back , " Brokaw said . " They live good lives Brokaw They spend a they of their time just they money . When I they growing up , the congressman would come back and walk Main Street . Now they go to a country club and raise they , " he explained . " So I think there the congressman a real profound separation , " the South Dakotan added . " On the other hand , I think that there are so many more strengths in this country than people are now willing to acknowledge . We ’re in better shape than most people think we are in terms of prosperity and where We ’re making gains in medical care and other areas , " he noted . As for presidential politics , the congressman had plenty to say . " I ’ve been covering presidential politics for NBC News for fifty years , so I have kind of a memory , " Brokaw told Bannon . " You said 1968 Brokaw the year it all jammed together , " Bannon said . " There ’s never been Bannon year for news [ like that ] like maybe 1989 [ when the Berlin Wall fell ] do you think , particularly with California coming up next week that we could have a come from behind victory by Bernie Sanders [ in the Democratic primary ] ?   …      Do you think he can pull an upset there ? " Bernie Sanders asked . " Yes , I do Bannon " Brokaw answered . " My colleagues are tired of hearing me say this , but it ’s held up over the years . this favorite theory of politics , every cycle , is what I call the UFO theory , the unforeseen will occur , " he explained . " I never get involved Bannon who ’s going to win , who ’s going to lose at the beginning or even midway through . What I try to do is describe the consequences of what may happen , and what the possibilities are here , " he continued . " Bernie Sanders is on Bannon roll , he ’s ramping up at this point . Bernie Sanders ’s [ Hillary Clinton ] got difficulties Hillary Clinton and the country is    in the ticked off position . They ’re willing to pull the pin on the grenade and roll it in to the process , and kind the grenade frag the process if you will . That means the process younger voters in California who have no attachment to Hillary , you know , she ’s been around for a long time , Hillary Brokaw observed . " This guy comes around and says a lot of unrealistic things about free health care , free college , that kind of thing . But he ’s obviously touching a big political nerve , This guy the veteran NBC journalist added . Bannon closed out Bannon Brokaw about President Obama ’s recent trip to Hiroshima Brokaw Japan . " I have no problem with what Harry Truman did . None whatsoever , " Brokaw said of Truman ’s decision to drop atomic Brokaw on Hiroshima and Nagaski to Harry Truman War II in 1945 . " Hiroshima did n’t get it . I thought maybe he could have delayed Nagasaki a day or two later , because it Harry Truman pretty quick right after Hiroshima that he pulled the trigger on the second bomb   … Hiroshima I think Harry Truman could have given a little more time for unconditional surrender , and Harry Truman it clear , if you think that was bad , watch what ’s coming next . Unconditional surrender , right now . But , on both bombs , I have no problem with it . That was going to end the war , " he noted . " Japanese prisoner of war camps were really brutal , Harry Truman the way , " Brokaw added . Listen to the entire interview here : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern . 
 