" You ’ve got lovely beds . Good beds , " Ms. LuPone’s said . She was referring Ms. LuPone’s to furniture , but fingernails : the unvarnished ones on the hands of her current    Ms. LuPone’s Ebersole . They contrasted markedly fingernails: the unvarnished ones on the hands of her current   Christine Ebersole Ms. LuPone ’s nails , which she herself had Ms. LuPone’s shiny maroon , after years observing professional manicurists . " I watch how they depress the fluid fingernails: the unvarnished ones on the hands of her current   Christine Ebersole " Ms. LuPone said , Ms. LuPone’s and brush . " The problem is , when I put nail polish on it really weakens my nails The problem " Ms. Ebersole said in a sisterly way . " They just flake off . nail polish The talons were out , in other words , but this was not a catfight . More a chat ’n’ chew between Tony    actresses getting the chance to share a Broadway stage for the first time in " War Paint , " one of a    new musicals debuting in a mad cram before the season ends . Dressed in a confusion of stretchy black clothing and scarves , the two women were sharing a sofa in the upper half of a sleek duplex at 663 Fifth Avenue , where the flagship of Elizabeth Arden ’s signature spa , the Red Door , moved five years ago from the florid former Aeolian Building two blocks north . They had refused treatments and the two women instead efficiently slurping vegetarian soups . In " War Paint , " which is now in previews and opens at the Nederlander Theater on April 6 , Ms. Ebersole , 64 , plays Miss Arden , née Florence Nightingale Graham : the entrepreneur who made cosmetics , long associated with prostitutes , acceptable and desirable to the American middle and upper classes starting in the 1910s . Ms. LuPone , 67 , plays Arden ’s    but equally esteemed competitor , Helena Rubinstein , who imparted both artistic and clinical prestige to the pursuit of beauty , and who is credited with the phrase " there are no ugly women , only lazy ones . " Bette Davis vs. Joan Crawford Alexis Colby vs. Krystle Carrington : Female rivalries have long meant boffo box office and Nielsen ratings points . But theatergoers hoping for Ms. Ebersole and Ms. LuPone to whack each other with pocketbooks or hurl drinks like Anne Bancroft and Shirley MacLaine in " The Turning Point " are due for disappointment . Rather , their characters fight by issuing theatergoers hoping for Ms. Ebersole and Ms. LuPone to whack each other with pocketbooks or hurl drinks like Anne Bancroft and Shirley MacLaine in " products , raiding staff and investing in premium real estate : penthouses and country spreads for Rubinstein , who donated millions of dollars to arts education and other causes through her foundation an Irish castle Ms. LuPone Lexington , Ky. breeding stable for Arden , who was passionately devoted to horses and marched with suffragists . " We should really look at them as role models , " Ms. LuPone said of the two tycoons . " They were really inspiring , the two tycoons Ms. Ebersole said . " My God , " Ms LuPone said . " Ms. LuPone what their personal flaws were , or the two tycoons drove them   —    nothing that the two tycoons achieved for themselves and then the two tycoons the name the two tycoons woman has ever been matched ! " Ms. Ebersole , more gently : " They paved the way , and the two tycoons before women had the vote . " Ms. LuPone was incensed by news Ms. LuPone the departing C. E. O. of Yahoo , Marissa Mayer . " Her male replacement is getting twice as Ms. LuPone as she is , " she said . Ms. LuPone Twice as much Ms. LuPone " The gender pay inequity common in the film industry is not an issue for " War Paint , " which is capitalized at $ 11 million and carried by its leading ladies , one or both the film industry whom appear in all but four of the show ’s numbers . But the fact that its principal creators are all men might arch an eyebrow . The musical takes its title and basic premise from a its biography by Lindy Woodhead published in 2004 that a few years later inspired a documentary , " The Powder   the Glory , " to which David Stone , a producer , was introduced by the director James Lapine . Mr. Stone has had tremendous success with " Wicked , " another musical centered on female foes , and , among other projects , worked on " The Vagina Monologues " by Eve Ensler . He called her for advice before proceeding Mr. Stone " Eve said , ‘ This ca n’t be about makeup.’ And it ’s not , " Mr. Stone This . " It ’s Mr. Stone and beauty and power This how women treat each other . " Mr. Stone and Ms. LuPone both wrinkle their noses at the word " diva , Mr. Stone and Ms. LuPone a description cribbed from Italian opera that is now often applied to any commanding female presence in the entertainment industry , inevitably also suggesting an excess of temperament . " I just ca n’t stand it , " Mr. Stone said . " Diva implies difficult . " At a talk about the show a few months ago , Ms. LuPone proposed " dame " as an alternative , to approving whoops from the audience . After securing rights to the material , Mr. Stone hired Michael Greif , with whom Mr. Stone worked on " Next to Normal " Mr. Stone " " to direct . They brought in the composer Scott Frankel , the Michael Greif, with whom he had worked on "Next to Normal" and "" to direct Michael Korie and the book writer Doug Wright , Mr. Greif ’s collaborators on the musical " Grey Gardens , " inspired by the Maysles brothers’ cult documentary about the eccentric aristocrats " Big Edie " Beale and her daughter , " Little Edie . " Some Beale workshops of " War Paint " featured Donna Murphy in the Arden role but she withdrew for family reasons , and Ms. Ebersole Donna Murphy who had won a 2007 Tony for portraying both Beales at different stages of their lives , assumed the part . She and Beales LuPone , for whom this is Donna Murphy first musical since the    " Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown " ( 2010 ) were not shy about participating in the creative process . " Both of them were very excited to play against the obvious Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" (2010) —    feuding ,     stars and that kind of energy   —    and actually find ways where the competition between them was nourishing , " Mr. Frankel said a Both of them hours before curtain on a recent evening . " These women were enormously sophisticated and tasteful and    Both of them weaponry , " Mr. Wright said . " They did n’t have to reduce things to an insult Both of them could actually wage business warfare against one another and Both of them so very effectively for 50 years . " Anything " that felt cheap or easy , " he said , the actresses " instantly rejected . " Mr. Wright of an     tryout in Chicago last summer focused on relentless    between its two subjects , who supposedly never met in real    . About a third of the show has been revised , the creators said , both to fortify the solo appearances and to find novel the creators of bringing the characters together onstage . " There was some tightening , " Mr. Frankel said , slipping into    patois . " Because it ’s the two of them , there ’s a little bit of inherent     that ’s intrinsic in the proposition of the evening , but I think we tried to find ways to mix that up in more unexpected ways . " He and his colleagues were adamant that " War Paint Mr. Frankel is Mr. Frankel purely ladies’ entertainment , though the Broadway audience is disproportionately female , a demographic that has helped make shows like " Waitress " into hits . " There are metaphors inherent in the idea of makeup that I think transcend gender , " Mr. Wright said . " It offers a potential mask where you can pretend to be someone you are n’t it offers a disguise if you do n’t wish to It recognized it offers an avenue toward a certain kind of perceived It it is a kind of lure to attract someone else It " But with its    costume changes designed by Catherine Zuber , including    hats and piles of glittering jewelry , and makeup by Angelina Avallone , " War Paint " has been an occasion for the two stars to reflect on how cosmetics and other trappings have been integral to their long careers . " Once I put on the cosmetics and other trappings it ’s like ‘ O. K. badda bing , badda the wig " Ms. LuPone said . " I ’m not the type of actress that goes into a corner and meditates for 20 minutes on the bones of Helena Rubinstein . Do you know what I mean ? " Ms. Ebersole said that for performers backstage as well as for many people in real life , " putting on makeup is a really great centering device . It ’s a way of having you focus on what you ’re doing . As you put on the mask , then the other things come through . " She recalled her work in the 2001 revival of " 42nd Street She " for which she won her first Tony with the help of 1930s She by She Tony : " The costumes just informed everything . " This inspired Ms. LuPone to reminisce about " Evita , " Ms. LuPone she got her first Tony , at 31 . " The She of her first Tony for lack of a better word   —    gack that we ’re putting on ! " she said . " I also harken back to that time She ‘ Anything Goes’ when I was in those    gowns . Oy , I ca n’t wear a    gown now to save my life , unless I ’m strapped in . " The two actresses were " babies in the city together , " as Ms. LuPone put it . She arrived in 1968 to Ms. LuPone , where she studied Ms. LuPone Marian Seldes , having known she wanted to Ms. LuPone since she was 4 , standing downstage Ms. LuPone in a tap recital Ms. LuPone Ms. Ebersole , who had gone to MacMurray College in Jacksonville , Ill. before enrolling at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1973 , had had other plans . " I was going to be a nurse , " she said . " Of course you were , " Ms. Ms. LuPone said . " Look at her ! " Instead Ms. LuPone served customers at the Lion ’s Ms. LuPone , a restaurant on Ms. Ebersole East Side with water splashing down a    slab of red granite . " It ’s condominiums now , I think , " she said . Ms. LuPone , meanwhile , worked at a " Ms. LuPone mobster " Ms. LuPone by a man who imported cages for dancing girls in nightclubs . " My roommate was one of the dancers , and I was n’t pretty enough , tall enough or thin enough to be a dancer , so I was a waitress in a    lace " she said . Both women bemoaned a lost era when actors ( and stagehands ) were recognized My roommate in the theater district at places like Jimmy Ray ’s and Charlie O. ’s , and spent time after the show socializing rather than cultivating followings on Twitter and YouTube . " I think the show fewer showmen , " Ms. LuPone said . " Like the Irving Thalbergs and the Alex Cohens Ms. LuPone Robert Whiteheads and the people that loved the theater or loved making movies . It ’s such a cliché , but it ’s all bean counters . It ’s statistics . Polling . " This was a reminder that the unexpected It in the    showdown was It Revson , the founder of Revlon , rendered in " War Paint " by Erik Liberman as " a    carnival barker in an Italian suit . " It ’s a line that for some involved with the production took on new resonance after Donald J. Trump defeated Hillary Clinton . Overnight , in their view , the musical went from celebration to cautionary tale . After Rubinstein died in 1965 , Revson bought her Park Avenue triplex . But that was n’t the final indignity . Last year , the company he founded , which had brought sex back into the midcentury cosmetics marketplace with suggestive ad copy and flashy layouts Revson took over Elizabeth Arden . " Everybody ’s rolling over in their grave ! " Ms. Arden . Not that any of these brands make her particularly nostalgic Ms. LuPone I used Everybody be a Georgette Klinger girl . For Ms. LuPone , " she said , after the two women packed up a gift of exfoliating face pads Ms. LuPone descended nine floors to the lobby . " Oh my gosh , Georgette Klinger , I completely forgot that name , " Ms. Ebersole said , blinking her blue eyes on the sunny sidewalk Georgette Klinger That was a salon , " Ms. Ebersole said . " You Ms. Ebersole go in , and close the door , Ms. LuPone were all about getting into your face . They do n’t get into your face anymore . " 
 they your face 