" Berkshire Hathaway ’s annual meeting is over . " " Over a    Q&A session , Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger fielded questions about the company ’s businesses , the world of negative interest rates , what the hardest part about being Berkshire Hathaway is , and how they Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger their Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger of humor . " " Below you can read , from start to finish , our Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger live blog published during Saturday ’s Q&A , . " ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’"I’’m not sure how sensible how our Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger will be translated into Mandarin . Not sure how sensible they Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett and vice chairman Charlie Munger out in English , " Buffett says . ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ " Buffett Buffett that just before lunch   —    about 12:45 p. m. ET   —    he Buffett give his Buffett imortant investing lesson . So I guess you ’ve got to follow on until then , at least . " ’’ ’’ ’’ ’Buffett says the " basic underwriting " at GEICO is improving , but hail storms in Texas impacted insurance performance in the first quarter . Buffett Buffett that the railroad industry is suffering and says the sectors results " will almost certainly " continue to be down during the course of the year . ’ ’’ " Buffett Buffett Berkshire ’s 10Q will be released next weekend . " ’’ ’Loomis asks why Berkshire Berkshire from buying companies that requires tons of capex after previously preferring to buy leaner businesses . ’ ’"It’ ’s part of the problems of prosperity , " Buffett Buffett . " We’’d love to buy a company for $ 10 or $ 20 or $ 30 billion that is not capital intensive . And we may . But that is harder . " ’ ’’ ’’ ’"Increasing capital acts as an anchor on returns in many ways , " Buffett Buffett . ’ ’’ ’"When our we changed , we we our we , " Munger says.’ ’"Slowly and reluctantly , " Buffett Buffett . ’ ’’ " Buffett Buffett the alternative to buying businesses that require less capital would mean going back to working with less money . Which Buffett Buffett n’t think is going to happen . .. as he chuckles . " ’’ " Buffett Buffett that Precision Castparts CEO Mark Donegan now does n’t have to waste time on anything that does n’t involve thinking about how to make that Precision Castparts . Including , Buffett Buffett , asking if he Buffett buy a company or invest in a new plant with $ 1 billion . " ’’ ’Precision Castparts will do better under Berkshire than it would ’Precision Castparts independently , Buffett Buffett . " Although it would’’ve ’Precision Castparts very , very well independently . " ’ ’’ ’Munger : We used to say back in the day that if you buy a business any idiot can manage eventually an idiot will.’ " Munger adds that Precision requires superior management , and thinks Berkshire has become as good as finding businesses with good management as they once businesses at finding businesses that did n’t require great management to do well . " ’’ " When asked what he would ’ve done differently to be happy , Buffett says he ’s Buffett on stage eating what he likes Buffett talking about what he likes Buffett with people what he likes Buffett Says he could Buffett imagine anybody being much happier than him . Buffett ’"I’’ve managed to avoid aggravation of any sort , " Buffett says Buffett ’ ’"I think Charlie finds what he’ ’s doing at 92 as interesting as anything he’ ’s he’ in his life Buffett " Buffett says Buffett ’ ’"It’’d be very churlish of me to Buffett any kinds of complaints . If you’’re talking about business life , I don’’t think I would’’ve started with a textile company . " ’ ’’ ’"I do regret that I didn’’t wise up as fast as I could have . But there’ ’s a blessing in that , too : now that I’’m 92 there’ lot of ignorance I have left that I can work on , " Munger says . ’ ’’ " On why Berkshire has sold down its holdings in Munich Berkshire , Buffett cites the annual letter that he does n’t think Buffett reinsurance business will be as good in the next ten years as it ’s been in the reinsurance business last ten . " " Buffett says what ’s Buffett in interest rates is part of why this business will be the reinsurance business . With low interest rates , the float insurance businesses generate provides less flexibility as it has less earning power the float insurance businesses " ’ . ’ ’’ ’"We have considerably more flexibility with how we conduct all of our insurance operations , but we reinsurance . We have an extra string we our bow that the rest we the insurance industry doesn’’t have , " Buffett says . ’ " The basic outline here is that with all of the cash Berkshire ’s businesses generate , including but not limited to the insurance units , Buffett can do anything : Buffett a stock , buy a company , and so on . Meanwhile , a reinsurance business that does n’t have the whole Berkshire conglomeration over the top Berkshire it has a more limited Berkshire of choices to reinvest its float . " ’’ Berkshire year for the first time there was more driving and I think there was more distracted driving , " Buffett says , with why Buffett deaths went up last year , impacting results at GEICO and across the auto insurance business over the last year . ’ ’Asked why Progressive had such a better year than GEICO , Buffett said they simply had Buffett costs GEICO fewer accidents and less expensive ones . ’ ’’ ’"I don’’t think it’ ’s a tragedy that some competitor got a little better ratio over some period , " Munger on why he doesn’’t really care that Munger had a better 2015 than GEICO . ’ ’"I don’’t GEICO we should ’"I about the fact that somebody else had a good quarter . " ’ ’’ ’Buffett says the shift from what a shareholder calls " push to pull marketing " is " huge , really huge . " ’ ’"What [ Amazon ] has accomplished in a really short period of time is remarkable , " Buffett says . ’ ’"Charlie and I are not going to    Bezos , not by a longshot . It doesn’’t worry us in terms of the overwhelming majority of our businesses , but it us a huge economic It that 20 years ago was not on anybody’ ’s radar screen . And lately has been on everybody’ ’s radar screen and many , including us in a few areas , have not figured out a way to counter it . " ’ ’’ ’"I would say that we failed so thoroughly in retailing when we were young that we we well avoided the we troubles when we are old , " we says.’ " Munger says the internet has helped GEICO and adds that its biggest retailers are so GEICO they ’ll be among the its biggest retailers people to be impacted by Amazon . " ’’ ’Q : Please explain directly why we , Berkshire Hathaway shareholders , should be proud to own Coke . ’ " Buffett gives sort of a rambling answer about choice , about how he chooses to consume Coke Buffett not everybody has Coke . Buffett also notes that there Buffett 1 . 9 billion    servings of    products consumed each day in the world , and given that there are thousands of products , well , those are n’t all Coke . " " This is , of course , not the first time Buffett has been asked this Buffett and he ’s been given many Buffett to explain why he thinks    is fine Buffett —      —    but it simply seems that Buffett is not going to Buffett into the suggestion that    is an immoral business    product .       " " On the ligher side , Buffett says he wishes he Buffett a Buffett that Buffett ate broccoli so we ’d know who lives Buffett . " ’’ ’Munger : I think people who ask about the negative impacts of Coke make an error : they only think about the people who ask about the negative impacts of Coke things not the good thing . Says it would be like asking if we shouldn’’t fly since 100 people a year die in plane crashes . Munger says we should have a law Munger people can’’t only ask about the downsides of Coke without citing the advantages Coke He admits , however , Munger this line of thinking " sounds a little bit like Donald Trump . " ’ ’’ " Another   out of the Coke answer that is getting Coke lot of play is that if you do what makes you happy , you ’ll live longer . " ’This is all fine and well , the sort of quick    that makes people like Buffett and makes his commentary accessible . But Buffett reality is that   and Coke sells drinks with a Coke of it . ’ " Munger that   as a lawyer and thinker by trade , notes that you ca n’t just have questions one way . Fine . " " But the research on sugar does n’t really have two sides . The one side is a medical answer : sugar is bad . The other side is a The one side do something that is unhealthy ; there are , after all , still lots of smokers despite what we know . Trying to balance medical evidence against personal choice is certainly a way of thinking about things but that is not the spirit of this question . Hence , why there are no answers , at least not from Buffett and Munger . " " Their Munger on global warming and the no answers, at least not from Buffett and Munger business has the same feel : we just do n’t think it ’s what YOU think it is . " ’The short of the Coke issue , then , Coke that Buffett Buffett does what makes him happy , and what makes Buffett ’The is not answering questions about why owning lots of Coke stock is immoral because Coke sell lots of beverages with lots lots of Coke stock sugar in them . ’ ’’ ’On derivatives , lots of Coke stock Buffett he Buffett large positions with derivatives are a dangerous thing . Both for the banks and insurers . ’ ’’ ’"Derivatives are still dangerous in large quantities . We would not do them on a collateralized basis because if ’ ’’ ’"Derivatives ’s a large there’ , we don’’t know where they’’re going to end up [ when markted to market ] , " Buffett says.’ ’’ ’Buffett says derivatives are still a large time bomb in the financial system because " anything with discontinuities " can cripple the system . ’ ’"I’’m not in the financial system troubled by our Bank of America position , nor am I troubled by our Wells Fargo position . " ’ ’’ our annual meeting reminds me of the magical world of Hogwarts ! " says shareholder . ’ ’"I haven’’t read Harry Potter ’ ’’ ’"I take it as a compliment , " Buffett Buffett . I’’ll ’’ ’The recent Harry Potter question from a shareholder ’The the whole Harry Potter the Berkshire experience Berkshire it stands in 2016 . ’ ’The media covers Buffett ’The recent Harry Potter question from a shareholder lot because while he Buffett lots of smart and quotable things about investing and business he Buffett also a source of fascination . He Buffett to be a sort of American miracle , a folksy ,     private citizen who became very rich by doing some simple things and investing over time . This is only partially true . ’ ’And the problem is that this sort of    vision of who Buffett is   —    in reality , a genius investor that happened to grow up in Omaha , the causality of where he is from and what he eats getting this almost completely wrong   —    he conflated into questions where shareholders ask how Buffett feels Buffett a god among men . ’ ’Which is , on its face , ridiculous . ’ ’The question eventually got ’ ’Which to a , " What do I tell my children about the terrible world of people getting rich that I see today ? " which is a naive interpretation of the lessons that you can actually learn from Buffett . ’ ’He Buffett have the answers on how , in ’ ’Which " Boy aren’’t these people just real idiots " kind of way to understand the world because it doesn’’t seem the world that he thinks about other people that way . Namely : things other people do don’’t really matter to him don’’t Unless , of course , those people run a business he he invest in or compete with.’ " So the whole idea that he ’re going to learn something transcendent from a figure like Buffett is to misunderstand Buffett he became who he is at all . " ’And when you make he comaprisons like he the Berkshire Hathaway meeting Hogwarts and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway Buffett characters that are written into books to Munger avatars of some moral lesson , the process of learning about investing from a veteran who knows things turns into a farcical worship of a smart person that happened to go into investing instead , say , manufacturing or politics . ’ ’"Woodstock for Capitalism " is the problem , I guess . ’ ’’ ’"We haven’’t the faintest idea what the    price of oil is , " Buffett says . ’ " Buffett asked about the impact Buffett oil prices are having on Berkshire ’s holding   — Berkshire GEICO results hit by more driving , Berkshire buying Phillips 66 and Berkshire ExxonMobil   —    but Buffett does n’t think these Buffett reflections of a view on the price of oil now or in the future . " ’"We’’re thinking about other things [ than the price of oil ] when we make those decisions . " ’ ’’ ’"I think the price of oil lot of financial efficiency in American higher education you’’re howling at the wind , " Munger says in response to a question about rising student Munger balances . ’ ’On educational philanthropy , Munger says he does a lot more than Buffett in Munger field Munger Buffett And I’’m frequently disappointed , " Munger says . ’ ’’ ’"The people in their working Munger , in a rich society , have an obligation to both the young and the old people in their working ages If we have problems with our school system it’ ’s not because we’’re it’ , " Buffett says . " I Buffett the trustee we a college that saw the endowment go from $ 8 million to over $ 1 billion , and I didn’’t see the tuition go down and I didn’’t see the number of students go up . " ’ ’’ ’"I’’ve made all the enemies I can afford at the moment , " Munger says . ’ ’’ ’Asked about how Donald Trump Munger impact Berkshire’ ’s investments , Warren Buffett says , " Buffett be the biggest problem . " ’ ’Munger says only , " I’’m afraid to get into this area . " ’ " Buffett thinks that Buffett either Hillary Buffett or Donald I’’m will be the next president and does n’t think either would make a huge impact on Berkshire ’s portfolio . " Donald Trump this country Berkshire extraordinarily well for a couple hundred years , and society has adapted to business and business has adapted to society , " Buffett says . ’ ’’ ’"I think the GDP Buffett greatly understate the huge advantages the system have given our citizens , " Munger says.’ ’Buffett and Munger now effectively quoting the annual letter section on why you ought to be bullish Munger America.’ ’ . ’ ’’ " On the subject of an activist investor eventually looking to break up Berkshire Hathaway , Buffett says it is something he used to worry about but no longer does Buffett Even after Buffett ’s Buffett , the schedule with which his Buffett is already committed to Buffett shares Buffett leave them as the largest shareholder Buffett the company for some time . " ’’ ’Very    response to what Buffett thinks of the Sequoia Fund , unloading his shares has taken a beating recently given the Buffett position in Valeant the fund eventually took , leading to a decline in fund value and redemptions . ’ ’"I don’’t know of a mutual fund in the US that ’ ’’ ’"I better record than Sequioa , " Buffett says . " My understanding is that the manager who made the decision on Valeant Buffett no longer running the operation . " ’ ’Basically , Buffett is not going to give the kind of harsh Valeant quote that Munger delievered Valeant Buffett ’’ ’Scratch that : Buffett on Valeant.’ ’"In my view the business model Munger Valeant was enormously flawed . It Valeant touted to us , people wanted us to meet [ former Valeant CEO Mike ] Pearson and so on . Valeant it illustrated a principle ’’ ’Scratch that: Buffett on Valeant.’ ’"In my view the business model of Valeant was enormously flawed , ’’ If you’’re looking for a us find someone that’ ’s intelligent , energetic , and integrity . And if they ’’ ’Scratch that: Buffett on Valeant.’ ’"In my view the business model of Valeant was enormously flawed have the last , make sure they don’’t have the first two . ’’ " ’ ’’ ’"Valeant of course was a sewer , and those that created it deserved all the opprobrium they don’’t got , " Munger says . ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’"This might be a terrible result for the hedge funds a sewer but it’ ’s not a those that created it result for the hedge fund it’ , " Buffett says . ’ ’’ " Buffett ’s    Buffett of investment advice is : Buffett n’t pay for investment advice , buy a    S&P 500 index fund instead . " ’’ " The basic idea is that while there are some people who might be good investors there ’s no way to identify them . " " So do n’t even bother , Buffett says . " ’’ " We ’ll be back in an hour . " ’’ Buffett some people who might be good investors there is over , we ’ll be here until 4:30 p. m. ET . Having fun yet ? " ’’ " On succession and culture , Buffett says the main factor We keeping Berkshire ’s culture is having a board , managers Buffett Berkshire that all recognize the nature of the culture . To summarize what Buffett wants Berkshire ’s culture to be in one sentence , he wants Berkshire in which every Buffett operates completely independently with Berkshire’s culture the big capital allocation Buffett running through him . " " Buffett thinks there ’s only a small chance the company goes off the rails Buffett thinks the biggest Buffett the company will have is size . Buffett is the enemy of performance . " ’ ’’ ’Munger Buffett : " I’’m even more optimistic than [ Warren Buffett . ] " ’ ’’ ’Asked Buffett share repurchase plan , which says shares can be bought when the share price gets I’’m 1 . 2x book value , Buffett says that he has " mixed emotions " on the issue . ’ " Buffett says that buying back stock is Buffett surest way Buffett increase earnings per share . The math is simple . But Buffett does n’t love the idea of buying out his partners   —    shareholders   —    unless the stock really Buffett like a good value . " ’At 1 Buffett 2x book value , Buffett says the odds are " extremely high " they’’d repurchase shares . ’ ’’ ’Buffett says the company could increase its Buffett repurchase " trigger " level up from 1 . 2x book value if they decide that there ’Buffett isn’’t ’Buffett as attractive as ’Buffett shares to allocate capital to . ’ ’’ ’Munger : " Elsewhere in coporate America these buyback plans really get a life of their own . " ’ ’Buffett : " It’ ’s fashionable . " ’ ’’ " The only America that worry Buffett it’ respect to Berkshire ’s future prosperity are terrorist attacks Buffett or CNBC these buyback plans Cyber , Nuclear Berkshire Biological , and Chemical attacks . " ’"Being in the insurance business , you know that someday somebody will pull off something on a very , very , very big scale . That’ ’s the one huge disadvantage to innovation , " Buffett says . ’ ’’ ’"We will not be making investments Buffett companies with a total market cap of a couple billion , " Buffett says.’ " Buffett says that 99 % of his next ’"We is tied up in Berkshire while 1 % exists outside of this . Buffett , he buys stocks Berkshire Buffett wo n’t buy for Berkshire and says he tries to stay away from anything that conflicts with Buffett Berkshire " ’Buffett Buffett own some Seritage Growth Properties personally , Buffett REIT Berkshire and says that the size of this company and its industry is just not ’Buffett Berkshire would ever invest in . ’ ’"I would much rather make money for Berkshire than for ’Buffett " Buffett ’Buffett , ’ ’’ ’"I that " everything is Berkshire wound up in how Berkshire does . I know my end result is Buffett 0 and I don’’t Berkshire the end result for Berkshire to be $ 0 . " ’ don’’t ’Munger on why Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire have the    credit rating agency : " The ratings agencies are wrong . " ’ ’’ ’"Very cheap money makes me pay a little bit more for businesses , " Buffett says . ’ ’Buffett says that for 2 , 600 years we had a rule that a bird in "’ ’’ ’Munger on why Berkshire Hathaway doesn’’t Buffett worth two in the bush , but ’Buffett bird in the hand is worth about    a bird in the bush . ’ ’Basically : negative interest rates turn everything we know about banking on its head . ’ " But the actual impact on Berkshire ’s businesses the hand or negative rates is that it simply taks the bush do things with ’Buffett cash when the cash itself is less valuable . " ’’ ’Munger on negative rates : " If you’’re not confused you haven’’t thought about it . " ’ ’’ ’"We Berkshire’s businesses our reasons for owning almost all investments on Berkshire’s businesses continual basis its cash ’With respect to American Express , Buffett says that there’ ’s " no doubt " payments are ’"We interesting area to a lot of people with a lot of Buffett and a lot of smarts , but Buffett says the company’ ’s position   —    which has been under attack for decades   —    will continue to be Buffett attack . ’ ’"A lot of great businesses aren’’t quite as great as they used to be , " Munger says , citing auto companies and packaged goods businesses like those owned by Procter & Gamble . ’ ’"When I was young , Munger Motors loomed over the economy like a colossus , " Munger says . ’ " The lesson : things change and you ca n’t react in your portfolio to every change but you ’ve Munger got to accept and acknowledge that change is inevitable . Recall that earlier this was the same line of thinking used by Munger when talking about why the company ’s acquisitions went from less to more    businesses . " ’’ ’"I know a few people Munger have done reasonably well raising cattle , but they usually owned ’ ’’ ’"I bank on the side , " Buffett says after getting asked about getting into the cattle business by a shareholder who owns a cattle farm.’ ’’ ’"There’ ’s not Buffett Ajit [ Jain ] in the house , " a few people who have done reasonably well raising cattle says . ’ ’Asked earlier about Jain’ ’s elevation to look after all of Berkshire’ ’s reinsurance operations , Buffett said there Buffett , " no tea leaves to read " with respect to whether these added responsibilities were the beginning of Buffett process that would see Jain take the reins as CEO of the company one day . ’ " The question of succession , as tends to be the case , has come up time and again during this year ’s meeting but the situation on the ground really remains the same : we ’re the company’s to know who takes control of Berkshire until someone not named Warren Buffett takes control of Berkshire . " ’’ ’"I Berkshire trying to think of very big deals that we Berkshire do , " Buffett says ’ ’’ ’"I either taking stock positions or buying businesses outright . ’ ’Asked about the investment portfolio of Todd Combs and Ted Buffett , Buffett said they have similiar approaches to what Buffett himself uses but says they have smaller portfolios . This does , however , Buffett them Buffett bigger universe of possible ideas Buffett . ’ ’’ ’"If Buffett see the world accurately it’ ’s bound to be humorous Buffett it’ ’s ridiculous . "   —    it’ Munger.’ " And with that , it’ ’re done ! " ’Thanks for reading . ’ " Berkshire Hathaway ’s annual meeting is over . .. " 
 