  ( CNN ) First lady Melania Trump and first daughter Ivanka Trump arrived in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , Saturday morning sporting an absence of headscarves . First lady Melania Trump and first daughter Ivanka Trump choice of dress during the first stop on President Donald Trump ’s inaugural trip abroad is notable because President Donald Trump criticized first lady Michelle Obama for making the same decision two years earlier . President Barack Obama and the first lady visited Saudi Arabia in 2015 to pay respects to the late King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and meet the newly appointed monarch , the late King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud . But Michelle Obama attended without wearing a headscarf , drawing notice back in the United States about her Michelle Obama of a traditional head covering in the conservative country .   Trump weighed in on his preferred platform , Twitter , Trump , " Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Michelle Obama Trump wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia , but they were insulted . We have enuf Many people . " When asked why the Trumps went without scarves , the White House responded that they were not required to wear them the White House Although they decided to forgo the White House headwear , the White House women were dressed conservatively in long the White House dresses . Several female leaders have shed the scarf in recent years , including British Prime Minister Theresa May , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , former first lady Laura Bush and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . President Trump was lavished with extravagant royal pomp here Saturday , an elaborate start to a trip meant to bolster international partnerships but which aides now hope can reset a    narrative back home . The President ’s stop in the enthusiastic Saudi President Trump the first in a      swing across the Middle East and Europe . The itinerary will take Trump to the capitals of three of the great President Trump religions and introduce him to the grueling pace of presidential foreign travel President Trump Air Force One touched down in    at the King Khalid airport in Riyadh , where Trump was greeted on a red    tarmac by President Trump Salman and other    Saudi officials . The grand welcome , which featured a military brass band and a fighter jet flyover , demonstrated just how highly anticipated Trump ’s arrival was in this Middle Eastern kingdom President Trump Great to be in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , " Trump tweeted shortly after his arrival . " Looking forward President Trump the afternoon and President Trump ahead . " Trump and the     Salman were seen in friendly conversation inside the Royal Terminal just after Trump touched down , and the two leaders shared a President Trump drive from the airport to central Riyadh , where the President is staying . Shortly afterward , the pageantry continued inside the Saudi Royal Court , where Salman presented Trump with a gilded necklace and medal , Salman country President Trump highest honor . The distinction also was bestowed upon Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush . 
 