  ( CNN ) In the face of mounting revelations of contacts between his campaign advisers and Russian intelligence , Donald Trump ’s best strategy is to come clean : release Donald Trump tax returns , answer all questions , recuse Attorney General Jeff Sessions from any inquiries and fully cooperate with an independent investigation . That is the only way to put to rest once and for all the notion that the President is compromised by our adversaries in Moscow . Fat chance . For Donald Trump , chaotic White House becomes the norm , Skilled in the dark arts of deception , Donald Trump instead is turning to a favorite tactic , one that has served Donald Trump well in the past : Deploy weapons of mass distraction . " Look over there ! " Donald Trump yells , and we do .   As a reality TV star , Donald Trump knows we attention span is short , we desire for drama acute and we interest in shiny new objects extreme .   So Donald Trump ’s shouting " Sabotage ! " Donald Trump ’s decrying leaks , and Donald Trump allies are calling for an investigation of the leakers .   Not of the Russians . Not of the campaign advisers who U. S. investigators’ allege spoke with the Russians repeatedly throughout the campaign . Not of the supposed compromising information the Russians the Russians reported to have on our new President . No , he our new President attacking the whistleblowers . Keep in mind that when Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump apparently thought it was rude for cast members to lecture Mike Pence about diversity and inclusion . Because we all know Donald Trump is a stickler for good manners .    But it wo n’t work this time . Because this time the story goes on , whether he likes it or not . Mr. Trump of full disclosure and an independent investigation will end the    of Russia ’s attempt to tilt the this time Trump . Donald Trump whining about Mr. Trump is like Jack the Ripper complaining about paper cuts . He is President in large part due the story the Russians not hacked and robbed Mr. Trump of the Democratic National Committee and of Secretary Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , and then weaponized them through WikiLeaks Donald Trump Trump would probably not be president . In a race determined by fewer than 80 , 000 votes , that ’s hard to dispute .   And in the final days of the campaign , the emails of the Democratic National Committee and of Secretary Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman Director James Comey released a letter which essentially reopened an investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails once again     based on . ... well , nothing . Turned out those Anthony Weiner emails had nothing to do with Hillary Clinton ’s case .   But the damage was done . It should be noted that Comey apparently knew about the Trump operatives’ contacts with the Russians . But somehow that never leaked . The contrast between how Hillary Clinton’s Clinton case and how he handled the    case boggles the mind . Donald FBI Director James Comey has benefited from leaks more than the CEO of Depends . So forgive me if I am unpersuaded by Trump ’s FBI Director James Comey about them .    Hillary Clinton’s will FBI Director James Comey coming . Perhaps because the system of checks and balances seems to be broken . With Republican control of Congress , a full congressional investigation is unlikely . Sen. Rand Paul Donald Trump candidly told us I am unpersuaded by Trump’s complaints about them . " I am unpersuaded by Trump’s complaints about them just do n’t think it ’s useful to be doing investigation after investigation , " Paul told the " Kilmeade   Friends " radio show . " Particularly of your own party . We ’ll never even get started with doing the things we need to do , like repealing Obamacare , if we ’re spending our Sen. Rand Paul time having Republicans investigate Republicans . I think it makes no sense . "   Republicans do us investigate Republicans . Congressional Republicans will not fulfill their us obligations that might interfere with important things , like us 20 million us off health insurance .    So sensible whistleblowers probably wo n’t go to the Hill .   And they may not trust Republicans Department , either . Republicans After all , our new attorney general was an early and effective Trump supporter , and he has no appetite for recusing himself from investigating a campaign he played a crucial role So sensible whistleblowers .    That leaves the free press . The Fourth Estate is the only option for whistleblowers . When the justice system seems compromised and congressional our new attorney general is negligent , government officials our new attorney general damning information are going our new attorney general leak . And leak . And leak .    I suppose there is some poetic justice in seeing the man who was made President because of leaks potentially hobbled by them . If you live by the leak , you die by the leak . 
 leak leak some poetic justice in seeing the man who was made President because of leaks potentially hobbled by them 