John McCain , the man who in 2008 put losing like a gentleman above doing what was necessary to keep    WrightAyersRezkoPleger out of the White House , appeared on CNN Wednesday with a fistful of red herrings designed to seek favor with his friends in the media by " othering " Donald Trump as a threat to all that holy and virtuous in America .   Speaking to CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , McCain once again proved that McCain had what it took to defeat   Barack Obama but that McCain ’d prefer to save McCain blistering rhetoric for McCain fellow   Republicans . McCain also proved that McCain knows absolutely nothing about the American Constitution . In McCain    mind , only the DC Media has rights . The rest of us are required to dance to The rest of us tune : " Anyone who is running for president and who gets to choose who the [ debate ] moderator is , " McCain said , using that ridiculous Solemn Voice of McCain . " That is the destruction of the free press , as we know it . " First off , destroying the free press as we know it " the free press crucially important to our democracy . I ’m all in favor of destroying the " the free press know it . " In the free press , I ’ve dedicated my career to it . The " the free press as we know it " is the the free press corrupt institution allowed to operate legally in America . Moreover , Trump is n’t " choosing " the moderator any more than a trial attorney chooses the jury .   Asking that a biased and unacceptable juror or moderator be removed is not " choosing . " Riddle me this , Senator McCain : We are in the second or third cycle of Democrats refusing to debate on Fox News , and somehow our democracy still stands We The Republican National Committee has , for good reason , booted NBC News from the Fox News and somehow our democracy still stands . our democracy about the rights of the individual ? What about Trump ’s    right to not appear at a debate that Fox News was undoubtedly rigging Fox News him ? In that single sentence , Trump exposed one very simple fact : Trump he lost the 2008 presidential election even Trump it began . McCain then goes on the 2008 presidential election    blame Trump media for all of this because   —    get this   —    Trump is allowed to phone into the Trump talk shows : Part of it is to blame the media . Trump have given him the media pass . the media calls Trump on the Sunday talk Trump . He decides which the Sunday talk shows Trump which he is Trump . He ’s able Trump fill the room Trump take all the oxygen out of it at the same time . So the media , I the room , in their the media have him on all the time the media in Trump ratings , have probably given him the confidence to decide to have Trump   —    quote   —    veterans event . By the way , I wish he were not using a veterans event Trump a way to further his own political agenda . McCain ’s Trump is   . Naturally , Blitzer did n’t press the Arizona Senator on it , because they are all members of the Country Club of the Failed Status Quo . But here is the truth   …      In this 12 person Republican field , no other candidate has even come close to making him or herself as available to the press as Trump . He no other candidate everywhere no other candidate on every network , and on every news no other candidate talking to everyone . Trump has even appeared on MSNBC . The frontrunner regularly puts on Trump conferences or takes questions on the campaign trail . Last night , in the wake of his feud with Fox News , guess where Trump appeared : on Trump News ! Trump has already debated six Trump and constantly exposes Fox News tough Trump . McCain closed things with a stirring defense Trump Michael Moore ’s girlfriend and a status quo that for decades has failed everyone but the Elite Establishment : I believe that Megyn Kelly is an outstanding journalist . But whether she is or not , that a candidate can decide who the questioners Megyn Kelly is an outstanding journalist would be a break down , as you know , of the system as we know it . The integrity of all journalists is compromised if this acton is the system . Thank heaven our current frontrunner does n’t take advice from those who lose presidential elections . McCain is so insulated from the Real World , he says " destruction of the press " as though it ’s a McCain thing . 
 