In a final warning to the American people ahead of Tuesday ’s election , the nation ’s frontline immigration officers are calling upon voters to reject Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton " radical " open borders vision that will " unleash " violence in American communities and " cause countless preventable deaths . " [ Although the nation’s ’s border emergency goes virtually unreported by "   media , " Clinton Hillary Clinton immigration policies would greatly exacerbate the crisis , the officers warn in a statement written by the president of the National ICE Council , which represents the the nation’s roughly 5 , 000 frontline ICE officers , agents , and personnel .   " Hillary ’s pledge for ‘ open borders’ will mean disaster for our country , and turn the present border emergency into a cataclysm , " writes ICE Council President Chris Crane . " Hillary ’s Hillary would unleash violent cartels and brutal transnational gangs into US communities and cause countless preventable deaths . " Crane explains ICE Council President Chris Crane the uncontrolled flood of record numbers of migrants into the country our country especially harmful on poor communities —    including Hispanic and immigrant communities that will bear " the economic brunt the illegal immigrant surge . " ICE officers on the front lines are witnessing a deluge of illegal immigration unlike anything we have seen before . The    media wo n’t cover it . Our officers are being ordered to release recent    with no idea what their intentions are Our officers what they are planning Our officers Gang members , drug cartels and violent smugglers are taking advantage of the situation and threatening American communities . The influx is overwhelming public resources , especially in poor communities   —    including Hispanic communities and immigrant communities bearing the economic brunt of the illegal immigration surge . Both border patrol and ICE agents have reported that the current border surge is the " worst we ’ve ever seen it " —    even surpassing the record influx experienced during 2014 border crisis . One ICE officer explained that with no room to house the incoming flood of migrants , agents have been forced to release illegals aliens —   potentially including "   perpetrators or terrorists whose intent is to harm Americans or our country as a whole " —    into American communities where they disappear " into the wind never to be seen by us again . " In September the National ICE Council endorsed Donald Trump over Clinton and " urged all Americans , especially the millions of lawful immigrants living within our country , to support Donald J. Trump Donald Trump over Clinton protect American jobs , wages and lives . " The endorsement marked the ICE Council the National ICE Council for any elected office . In a statement announcing the endorsement , Crane warned against Clinton ’s " radical The endorsement of " total amnesty plus open borders " that " would result in the loss of innocent American lives , mass victimization and death for many attempting to immigrate to the United States , the total gutting of interior enforcement , the handcuffing of ICE officers , and uncontrollable flood of illegal immigrants across U. S. borders . " Crane warned that the agenda of    favored by Clinton , " results in the daily loss of life . " By contrast , Donald Trump has pledged that he will enforce the nation ’s immigration law and will advance Donald Trump " America first " immigration policy that prioritizes the needs and interests of the American electorate . " After my inauguration , for the first time in decades , Americans will wake up in a country where their immigration laws are enforced , " Trump told Breitbart News Americans this year . 
 Donald Trump 