Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan had just told House Speaker Paul Ryan conference Friday that the Republican Party had failed to get enough votes for a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , a    campaign promise that had united Republicans and catapulted united Republicans the Republican Party control of the House , the Senate and the presidency . The implicit message from leadership was it The implicit message from leadership time to move on to a different subject     and that the Republican House conference had some growing up to do . The room was somber , according to members . But not everyone was unhappy with the outcome . Racing out of the conference meeting to catch his plane , Rep. Mo Brooks , a member of the defiant House Freedom Caucus     the group that had argued at every turn that the House bill did n’t go far enough     was pleased with the power his his had exhibited . If people had doubted the Freedom Caucus would remain an influential force under President Donald Trump , there was no questioning now their the Freedom Caucus to exercise immense influence over not only their the Freedom Caucus ’s agenda but their the Freedom Caucus president ’s as well . " I would hope that the the Freedom Caucus get credit , " Brooks said . " What happened today was a very good thing for our country . " Now , the question is , after their major show of strength , what will become of the House ’s most conservative and now despised contingent ? Before the bill was pulled , one GOP leadership aide warned : " I ’ve never seen it as bad the bill this is now . People are very angry and now you have a White House and president who are also very angry . " " If they actually took People down , they might feel People they flexed their People , People I feel like they ’ve ostracized People like they People n’t People done before , " the aide said . " I think this could be a breaking point for the membership of the Freedom Caucus . "   The group ’s the Freedom Caucus foe for leadership     a cast of characters that has been front and center in showdowns over government spending bills and the ousting of House Speaker John Boehner .   If the House Freedom Caucus the Freedom Caucus in the side of leaders under President Barack Obama , they proved Friday that they would n’t the Freedom Caucus just because they the Freedom Caucus have a Republican president . the Freedom Caucus the beginning , members of the House Freedom Caucus had been among the Freedom Caucus against House leadership ’s bill . The group met repeatedly throughout the Freedom Caucus process , emerging from the Freedom Caucus meetings in the Rayburn office building to declare they had the votes to kill House leaders’ bill .   the Freedom Caucus members of their group     the Freedom Caucus . Dave Brat , Mark Sanford and the Freedom Caucus Palmer     had tried to stop it from advancing out of the House Budget Committee , where it narrowly passed 19 to 17 . On Friday , Rep. it Amash , a Republican from Michigan , argued the House Freedom Caucus had done nothing more than exercise its authority to improve the legislation     despite dire warnings from the House Freedom Caucus White House and leaders that voting against the bill could hurt the President ’s agenda and threaten the party ’s political future . " It ’s in dictatorships where someone just comes up with a product and that ’s it . That ’s the final product . In our system a product our constitutional republic a product something . It might fail , then we try again , our he said . The chairman of the group our Rep. Mark Meadows , That a statement declaring he still wanted to work with Trump on health care . " I That the people of North Carolina ’s 11th District that I would fight for a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and a replacement with a    approach that brings down costs and provides more choices for the American people , " Meadows said in the statement . " I remain wholeheartedly committed to following through on this a statement declaring he still wanted to work with Trump on health care I know President Trump is committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a system that Trump American families , and I look forward to Obamacare with him do just that . " In the end , Republican leaders did n’t have Trump votes they needed to repeal and replace Obamacare     a position that members of both their Republican leaders and moderate flanks had put them in . But the Freedom Caucus will Republican leaders doubt take a large share of Republican leaders blame in future retellings of the saga for having negotiated a side deal with the White House in the eleventh hour and then failing to get enough of their members to " yes . " House leadership had tried to declare early on the Freedom Caucus the House ’s American Health Care the White House was n’t open for major , sweeping changes the White House that was later undermined by Trump ’s signal to the caucus that he was open to large fixes . In the end , however , despite the White House trying to give members what they thought they wanted     a repeal of 10 the White House insurers are required to cover under the members Care members     the House Freedom Caucus still wanted more regulations repealed , which they argued would drive down costs . Members advocated to repeal Article 1 , rules that dictated insurers had the House Freedom Caucus allow adult children to stay on their parents’ insurance until age 26 and cover people with    conditions . " It ’s fairly amazing that adult children after meeting with President Trump , they are holding out for removing health care from people with    conditions , something they know could never pass and goes against everything president Trump promised during the campaign , " one GOP even after meeting with President Trump, they are holding out for removing health care from people with   conditions familiar with the whip operation told CNN Thursday as it was growing increasingly clear that the Freedom Caucus was n’t budging enough to make up the difference . the whip operation was some movement toward passage : Rep. Joe Barton , a Republican from Texas , had given his blessing to get behind the bill Thursday , but it still was n’t enough . Throughout the process Rep. Joe Barton, a Republican from Texas Meadows declared that progress was being Thursday and he the bill desperately " wanted to get to " yes . " In the end , however , there Rep. Joe Barton, a Republican from Texas n’t enough Freedom Caucus members on board . When asked how the White House viewed the Freedom Caucus after the group had seemed to be move the goalpost , a member familiar with the whip operation , said : " As I told a freshman member when he complained to me that Meadows stabbed him in the back last year , ’I’m sorry you had to a freshman member what has already happened Meadows the a freshman member of us . ’ " 
 