  ( CNN )   talk show host Stephen Colbert is the target of an online campaign aimed at getting Stephen Colbert fired over jokes Stephen Colbert made about President Donald Trump this week Stephen Colbert is also the subject of a complaint review by the Federal Communications Commission . Three CNN commentators weigh in on what Three CNN commentators think should happen next : Judy Gold : The hypocrisy of slamming Colbert , Colbert is an amazing entertainer . He Colbert consistently funny , has impeccable timing , conducts flawless interviews and has a very clear point of view .   I do n’t know a comic or writer in the industry who does n’t recognize his Colbert brilliance . I , for one , am very grateful that he Colbert a late night show , and not only because I was a recent guest on his Colbert     well , chair .   It ’s a comedy writer ’s dream to hear her jokes delivered by a master , and that happens for Colbert writers every night at 11:30 on CBS . But on Monday , when some people took offense at what they some people " " jokes about President Donald Trump , there began a # FireColbert campaign on social media .   I find it ironic that these people would start a campaign to fire a public figure for what , in their these people , were lewd comments , when citizens of the United States , and people all over the world , for that matter , just lived through the presidential campaign of one of the lewdest , most misogynistic , insulting , undignified men we ’ve ever seen . Remember the debate over penis size between Trump and Marco Rubio ? How about when Trump Trump comments about Carly Fiorina ’s face ? And check out this mashup of his Carly Fiorina pronouncements , made publicly and repeatedly and for the cameras for months as he Carly Fiorina to persuade voters that HE Carly Fiorina the moral defender of right , standing on the high ground . Trump Trump comments are too numerous to recount here .   The one that still makes me guffaw is the one when he said Carly Fiorina " No one respects women more than me . Carly Fiorina   And he got Carly Fiorina , not fired . So please stop this ridiculous campaign     it ’s this ridiculous campaign     news     for real . Judy Gold is a    comic in New York , actress , writer and winner of two Emmy Awards . She is Judy Gold host of the podcast " Kill Me Now , " available on CBS’ play . it and iTunes or at judygold . . Follow her on Judy Gold @JewdyGold . The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers . Judy Gold Callan : CBS should fire Colbert , the King of Smug , CBS should CBS the guts to fire Stephen Colbert for the crude and vulgar humor he has Stephen Colbert to insult the President of the United States . In an astonishing display of vituperative language , the popular CBS " CBS Night " host earlier this week referred to the President as a " presidunce " and a " pricktator . " His    the President de résistance , though , was a term that implied that Trump was taking part in a sexual act with Russian President Vladimir Putin .   The host of the nation Russian watched late night comedy show used toilet paper as he imitated Trump reviewing Trump at his Oval Office he . And Colbert , a former cable comic , could n’t resist saluting the 45th President of the United States with a special version of the Colbert " finger . "   There may be a lot of legitimate reasons to criticize Trump for Trump attitude Trump his policies Trump his compulsive Trump but in the end , he remains Trump democratically elected the 45th President of the United States most powerful democracy . The smug and smarmy Colbert demeans all Americans with his gutter language deployed at a sitting President on the 45th President of the United States regular    network show .   Americans are fond of    humor directed at their elected officials . Johnny Carson once observed that Americans Nixon was " the only president whose formal portrait was painted by a police sketch artist . " He skewered Ronald Reagan by observing that " there Johnny Carson a power struggle going on between President Reagan ’s advisers . Moe and Curly are out . Larry is still in . " Responding to Bill Clinton ’s line that he had tried marijuana but never " inhaled , Larry Carson wryly observed , " there are so many things wrong with that statement I do n’t know where to begin . . .. Ca n’t the Democrats do anything right ? " The difference between Colbert and Johnny Carson , who presided over the No . 1 rated " Tonight Show " for over 30 years , is that Carson ’s comedy was not a reflection of personal Carson Republicans and Democrats could watch the Carson monologue and laugh at clever humor with a touch Carson embedded social commentary without feeling that Carson was taking sides .   In sharp contrast , Carson ’s tawdry attacks on the institution of the presidency belong in a barroom comedy club or on cable rather than on network television .   What ’s more , network TV is not a dark corner of the Internet where the rules of fundamental decency can be cavalierly abandoned in the quest for higher ratings . Unlike cable wires and    router signals , the broadcast signals of the " Tiffany Network " are a franchise on temporary loan from the public . Colbert ’s version of Trumpian " p * * * " locker room banter does n’t belong on network television any more than it belongs in the behavior profile of a presidential candidate network television Colbert ’s crude attacks will , ironically , increase Trump Colbert support among the     and     followers who elected him in the first place . They see in Colbert ’s actions a particularly egregious example the    and    followers who elected him in the first place the media Colbert the President , orchestrated by arrogant ,    elites . It is time for Colbert   to join Bill O’Reilly on the podcast circuit or Colbert Bush on the bus and turn the " Late Show " over to an adult     one who understands that the institution of the presidency belongs to the American people and will always demand a level of respect that is clearly beyond Stephen Colbert ’s comprehension . Paul Callan is a CNN legal analyst , a former New York homicide prosecutor and currently is of counsel at the New York law firm of Edelman   Edelman PC , focusing on wrongful conviction and civil rights cases . Edelman him on Twitter @paulcallan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are Paul Callan . Danny Cevallos : If you ’re offended , do n’t Paul Callan , Paul Callan I agree with you on a lot of your points . Paul Callan But here ’s the you’re offended : You ’re right that Johnny Carson represents a more civil , gentle era of    television .   But television     and particularly    television     has only been around for a few generations . Crude humor about public figures , on the other hand , predates not only Twitter and    television , but probably the pamphleteers of the 17th century and the town criers before them .    Mark Twain , perhaps the greatest American political satirist , television    and particularly   television     in    of wanting to dig up celebrated author Jane Austen ’s corpse and beat her over the skull with her own   .    Humor has always Jane Austen biting . Television is Jane Austen relatively new it took a while to catch up .    Most of us consume    television in a completely different way now    back when everyone had    channels and waited in bed for the Carson monologue every weeknight .    Television content has progressively become more graphic and prurient . We did n’t arrive at the wanton nudity of HBO ’s " Westworld " and " Girls " overnight . It started with a glimpse of nudity on " NYPD Blue " back in the ’90s , and then everyone else making television had to up the ante     including    TV hosts . We went from Carson to the edgier Letterman , leaving behind the uptight We Sullivan , who made the Rolling Stones change " Let ’s Spend the Night Together " to " Let ’s Spend Some Time We " when they performed on his show 50 We ago . Can you imagine ? Ask a millennial what is objectionable about the words " spend the night together . " Kids today have been raised with access to YouTube beheadings and free Internet porn . They could n’t imagine censoring a line like that . Paul Callan is YouTube beheadings and free Internet porn : Colbert ’s humor was probably too much     especially for guys like you and me , raised on Johnny Carson and his " edgy "    guests , like Steve Martin and the " Johnny Carson " Don Rickles . But this is not our " Late Night . " Should the network fire Colbert because some random people on Twitter demand it ? Colbert Paul Callan demands it ? Of course not . Network television is not Paul Callan , and it are not its constituents .   A host gets fired not because of Network television dude ’s Network television open letter " posted on Facebook . A host gets fired if and only if the potential economic damage caused by keeping him outweighs the revenue generated by him . As long as Colbert ’s show A host to generate ad revenue , A host Colbert will Colbert . A network does n’t care about a random angry A host a viewer . A host it : Colbert ’s audience loves the raunchy    jokes . Anyone Colbert can switch Colbert A network the History Channel . Vote with your remote     do n’t rant on social media . I do n’t like it any more than you , Paul , but we ’re in a new era . Presidents can talk about grabbing women Paul Callan by the p***y " and get elected . Colbert ’s vulgar insult that implied Trump was Trump part in a sexual act Colbert Russian President Vladimir Russian President Vladimir Putin Letterman ’s " Stupid Human Tricks , " but    television is just continuing to evolve , just like the edgier Letterman expectations for the office of the presidency     and American culture itself . I just wonder what will shock the millennials in 20 years . Danny Cevallos ( @CevallosLaw ) is a CNN legal analyst and a personal injury and criminal defense attorney practicing Paul Callan York , Pennsylvania and the US CNN Islands . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his .  
 New York this commentary Danny Cevallos (@CevallosLaw) 