" Presidents do n’t have the power to declare war , make laws , or lower gas prices ( however much public outrage there may be ) . " ’But there are a number of    abilities that come with the office   and a number of   abilities that come with the office   require no approval whatsoever.’ ’Most are fairly harmless , although some could end in unintended disaster.’ " Here ’s just a sampling of those powers . " " There are three cases in which everyone ’s phone in the office   might buzz simultaneously : an emergency alert in    situations , an Amber alert to signal a missing child , and an alert from the president . " " The first two are blockable if you go into your phone ’s settings , but   the third is not . " ’If he so chooses ,   anytime he he like it.’ " Trump is n’t so powerful as to declare war by himself Trump but   at the drop of a hat . " ’At all times , presidents are no more than several feet from a briefcase known as the " nuclear football . " It the "nuclear football the launch codes for America’ ’s nuclear arsenal.’ ’If the President Obama , he or President Obama can pass on the order to the Secretary of Defense , who has no veto power in the matter , and the strike will commence.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’In 2016 , President Obama skipped On Demand in favor of just the sixth season of " Games of Thrones " ahead of the general public.’ " Obama sent the request to the show ’s creators , who promptly responded in the affirmative . " ’’ ’In October 2009 , President Obama   that prohibited federal employees from texting while driving.’ ’’ ’’ " States of emergency are n’t fleeting . They can States of emergency for decades , mainly because   whenever they choose States of emergency " " Six years into Obama ’s Obama , for example ,   around the world . A few were from his two terms , while others he renewed his Clinton and even as far back as Carter . " ’These declarations allow the president to mobilize    aid , seize property , or fire and hire military personnel at any time.’ " Presidents do n’t have the power to declare war . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 