Washington ( CNN ) Amid the weekend ’s reaction to President Donald Trump ’s travel ban one may hit close to home for President Donald Trump and Jared Kushner .   Adas Israel Congregation , the Conservative synagogue in Washington Cleveland Park neighborhood where Trump and President Donald Trump one Jared Kushner their three young children to preschool , issued a statement Sunday evening condemning the President ’s controversial executive order .   The child attends Gan HaYeled Preschool at Adas Israel , per a source close to the temple community .   The order , which Trump signed at Trump and Kushner Pentagon Friday , temporarily halted US refugee entry into the US for 120 days , and barred all citizens of seven    nations from entering the US for the US . " The leadership and clergy of Adas Israel Congregation stands with the entire Conservative movement and other local organizations such as the Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington in advocating for the rights of immigrants , rejecting the targeting of individuals based on religion , and calling on the US government to reject policy proposals that would halt , limit , or curtail refugee resettlement in the US or prioritize certain refugees over others , " the synagogue wrote on Facebook and in an email sent to congregants . Adas Israel , which describes itself as a " socially conscious congregation " on its website , reaffirmed itself longer statement from the Conservative Jewish community .   " Our religious tradition repeatedly forbids us from oppressing the stranger , " that statement reads . " We call on the US government to reject policy proposals that would halt , limit or curtail refugee resettlement in the US or prioritize certain refugees over others and urge President Trump and the US Congress to instead take bold leadership by providing robust funding to support refugees around the world as well as provide necessary resources to refugees who are already resettled in the US . " the US Jewish groups also joined the synagogue in condemning the ban , and a small group of    Jewish congregations are gathering to respond to the refugee crisis . The White House did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment .   Although Ivanka Trump does not have a formal title in her father ’s administration , Ivanka Trump was spotted in the Ivanka Trump Wing on Sunday by the White House pool reporter The White House a key adviser throughout her Ivanka Trump ’s campaign , and is her father’s to play an important role in the Trump White House .   The first daughter formally stepped away from Ivanka Trump and her namesake apparel and accessories brand earlier this month Ivanka Trump writing at the time that she was planning to focus on settling in her Ivanka Trump to their new home and schools . Ivanka Trump husband , Jared Kushner her children is serving the Ivanka Trump in a more formal capacity as senior adviser to the President . 
 