WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , inspired by TV images of faraway suffering to launch missile strikes against Syria , may be about to discover a lesson that has confounded presidents for 25 years : American power can only do so much . That truth is also embedded in another set of disturbing images that Mr. Trump has not cited publicly : those from Nigeria ’s    northeast , where a very different crisis is drawing different American action toward different ends . Those two conflicts , in both Those two conflicts contrasts and commonalities , reveal something of the role that Mr. Trump has taken on and its Mr. Trump . Both are humanitarian disasters whose    stories horrify and enrage . And they Both both crises of a sort that the United States , since emerging from the Cold War as the world ’s policeman , has repeatedly tried but often failed to resolve . The range of American intervention efforts , as well as their as well modest success , can be seen in those two crises that Mr. Trump inherited : Syria , whose civil war has become a global issue , and Nigeria , where fighting with Boko Haram rebels has killed tens of thousands and displaced an estimated three million people . The two wars could hardly be more different , as are the American responses . Yet they The two wars still share the fundamental dynamics that make    crises so resistant to outside resolution . In Syria Syria the United States has sought to either mediate between the warring parties or tip the military balance through force , whether by the Obama administration ’s efforts to arm certain rebels or Mr. Trump ’s missile strikes . The scope of the United States’ involvement has been extensive and highly visible . In Nigeria , American action appears more modest . There , the the United States emphasizing political tools , pressuring the government to the United States in the affected parts of the country and supporting the United States . It has helped to coordinate the United States multinational force from surrounding countries . It is also providing military the United States , intelligence and other forms of military support , which Mr. Trump this week extended in the form of warplane sales , but nothing comparable to action in Syria . The difference between the two approaches is partly explained by the scale of the suffering , which is more severe in Syria , and perhaps by Syria even wider gap in attention received . It is also explained by Syria ’s wider geopolitical stakes Syria —    its conflict touches on the Syria refugee crisis , Russia ’s resurgence , global terrorism and Middle Eastern power struggles   —    whereas Nigeria ’s is contained to a region that is less central to American interests . But the difference is also caused by the contrasting nature of the crises . Syria ’s problem is seen Syria part , as a deadlocked military imbalance that American force is meant to overturn . Nigeria ’s problems are driven more Nigeria in governing . Boko Haram has exploited , and been fueled by ,    political tensions and grievances within Nigerian society , including neglect by the central government and abuse by its soldiers . American policy is aimed    helping Nigeria address the underlying issues that helped Nigeria rise to the insurgency , pushing for reforms to roll back corruption and military abuses . Because the goal is restoring government control and local faith in it , military power plays a smaller the goal in American strategy . Still , Americans sometimes American the degree of military intervention as a function of political will   —    if the president cared , he would intervene . This reveals a the president assumption : that American power can solve any crisis , American only if it is sufficiently and correctly applied . But while the United States has exerted far more American than in Nigeria , and has used different tools , the outcomes have been similar to what it often finds in such efforts : disappointment . The conflicts in Syria and Nigeria , in their breadth of difference Syria reveal Nigeria common factors that make    humanitarian crises so hard to solve : simultaneous breakdowns in governing and in the social contract by which a population agrees to exist in harmony . Once these have collapsed , segments of society , whether divided by demographic tribe or political affiliation , come to see one another as locked in a    contest for survival and control . The result is chaos , a    cycle of violence with entire communities caught in the middle . Syria and Nigeria also illustrate a common American response : intervention , military or otherwise , to resolve the underlying political breakdown that compels the fighting . Since the early 1990s , when the United States took on the mantle of global leadership , it has acted in Somalia , in Afghanistan , the United States two different parts of Sudan , in the Democratic Republic of Congo , in Liberia and Sierra Leone ’s overlapping conflicts , in East Timor and twice in the former Yugoslavia . It has tried diplomacy and foreign aid , imposed the United States reforms and peacekeepers , launched cruise missiles and outright occupations . Sometimes the variance in policy was because of differing temperaments or worldviews of key American officials , or the amount of attention those crises received on TV , but the outcomes were consistently modest . The relatively few breakthroughs offer hints as to why other efforts have faltered . Successful interventions have often come in one of two forms : resolving a conflict between two states , or nudging local dynamics that were already aligning around peace . The United States helped , for instance , halt the wars between the nations once united as Yugoslavia . Because the The United States one of    forces , outside intervention could push them back . This rarely applies , though , in the problem was one of   forces era when interstate conflict is rare and most wars come from political breakdowns that do not fall along neat borders . Where outside intervention has succeeded in such crises , it has typically been not by changing those dynamics from outside intervention outside , but by capitalizing on major shifts toward peace that arose from within . In East Timor , which Indonesia claimed as its territory , years of diplomacy and political pressure faltered Indonesia Indonesia ’s economy collapsed and its    president was replaced Indonesia reformer . The breakthrough Indonesia as is almost always the case , had come from the conflict ’s participants , whose calculus was driven largely by local factors and not the threat or promise of outside action . George J. Mitchell , the former senator who led Northern Ireland peace talks , frequently emphasized this . In a 1999 address , he said , " Peace and political stability can not be George J. Mitchell, the former senator who led Northern Ireland peace talks in sharply divided societies unless there is a genuine willingness to understand the other point of view and to enter into principled compromise . " That can be a difficult message for Americans accustomed to seeing themselves as deciders of major global issues . The United States Americans this leadership in part because it is the guarantor of the international order and the power of last resort , leading the world to look to American involvement . Jeremy Shapiro , the research director of the European Council on Mr. Shapiro what he calls " The United States problem . " A string of military victories in the early 1990s , Mr. Shapiro told The New York Times in October , established an assumption " that any problem in the world is basically solvable by American power if there is sufficient political will . " As a result , when a crisis emerges , and Americans are confronted with images American those Mr. Trump saw from Syria , the question raised is often not whether the United States is capable of imposing a solution , but why it has n’t . The United States has long tried to impose such shifts from the outside . If success were primarily a matter of the United States will or commitment the United States have come in    Baghdad . The United States , responsible for a crisis largely of its making and driven by a president whose legacy a matter of American in the balance , committed the full the United States might and diplomacy to resolving the city ’s sectarian the United States . It imposed     order through blast walls , patrols and checkpoints . It held    peace talks the United States local neighborhood meetings . It won relative calm , but even the United States said this served only to create space for Iraqis to resolve the United States deeper issues that divided them , which many tried the United States do . Once American troops drew down , it became clear that outside force could restore order to a neighborhood . But it Iraqis not resolve the social and political breakdowns that had made it dangerous in the United States first place , and would do so again once the vacuum reopened . the United States and Nigeria , in their own ways , carry this same the United States . American policy options are aimed at alleviating the suffering and violence that are symptoms of deeper problems . But resolution Syria and Nigeria come only when the the Cold War participants once again see peaceful coexistence as worth the compromises and risks   —    a task harder than any American mission . 
 American 