Florida Republican Representative David Jolly has dropped out the race to replace Sen. Marco Rubio in the Senate , freeing up more space for Rubio to change Florida Republican Representative David Jolly mind about running again for Florida Republican Representative David Jolly the Senate seat . [ Florida Republican Representative David Jolly announced that Florida Republican Representative David Jolly would drop out of Florida Republican Representative David Jolly the Senate race to run for    to Florida Republican Representative David Jolly Congressional seat . The news is significant as Florida Republican Representative David Jolly has remained a favorite in the crowded field of four other Republican candidates .   On CNN this morning , Florida Republican Representative David Jolly indicated that Rubio was in fact running for    before clarifying via staff that Florida Republican Representative David Jolly was unaware of Rubio ’s decision . After announcing Florida Republican Representative David Jolly candidacy for president , Rubio asserted that Florida Republican Representative David Jolly would resign Florida Republican Representative David Jolly Senate seat for the sake of Florida voters . But since Florida Republican Representative David Jolly lost to Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary , Senate Republicans have urged Florida Republican Representative David Jolly to reconsider Florida Republican Representative David Jolly decision . Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary has urged the politician he once Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary as " Little Marco " to run again . Poll data shows that Marco Rubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate Marco Rubio in Florida , " Trump wrote Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary Twitter in May. " Important to keep the MAJORITY . Run Marco ! " Rubio indicated Marco Rubio is Marco Rubio his decision Marco Rubio to run for    to the Florida U. S. Senate seat . " I ’ll go home later this week , and I ’ll have some time with my family , and then if there ’s been a change in our status I ’ll be sure to let everyone know , " Rubio told Marco Rubio earlier this week . The field has also opened up after Lt . Gov. Carlos    indicated that he would Lt. Gov. Carlos    his Senate Lt. Gov. Carlos    if Rubio decided Marco Rubio get back into the race . Another potential rival , Rep. Ron DeSantis , has also indicated that he would Lt. Gov. Carlos    run against Rubio if Marco Rubio got Lt. Gov. Carlos    into the race the race estate developer Carlos Beruff and Orlando businessman Todd Wilcox remain in , according to the Tampa Bay Times . The filing deadline for the Florida Senate the race . 
 