  ( CNN ) Good Wednesday morning . There are just 16 more days until Inauguration Day , which brings you either great joy or great heartburn . Anyway , here ’s what you need to know to   Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . 1 . Politics , House Republicans pulled a 180 and dumped House Republicans plan to gut an independent ethics watchdog . House Republicans endured blistering criticism all day and then threw in the towel when    Trump whacked House Republicans ( via tweet , of course ) . And while Trump was on Twitter , Trump took another shot at the intelligence agencies that will brief Trump on Russia ’s alleged hacking of our elections . 2 . Inauguration Day , Trump ’s inauguration guest list just got a little bit longer . The Clintons and the Bushes will be there for his Trump day . Hillary Clinton ’s going to put aside whatever hurt feelings that may be left over from the election , and former President George W. Bush said he former President George W. Bush be happy to attend , despite not even voting for Trump Trump But there may be a    in the inaugural parade . Trump Trump a marching band from a historically black college in Alabama to perform , but the invite has sharply divided Talladega College . The school former President George W. Bush ’ll announce today whether former President George W. Bush band will make the a marching band from a historically black college in Alabama 3 . NAACP    A    at Jeff Sessions’ office ended with arrests . Six members of the NAACP , including its president NAACP    at the Alabama NAACP    ’s office in Mobile and announced they were n’t leaving until Sessions was Six members of the NAACP, including its president longer Trump ’s nominee for attorney general . But they were arrested instead and charged with Six members of the NAACP, including its president . Sessions has been accused of making racist remarks in the past . 4 . Charles Manson , Charles Manson is in serious condition at Charles Manson hospital in California . Not much more is known about why the       leader was hospitalized . Manson shocked the nation back in 1970 when Charles Manson Trump wave of killings by his followers Charles Manson left seven people dead . 5 Charles Manson Istanbul nightclub attack , Turkey says it now knows who shot up Reina nightclub early Turkey New Year ’s Day , but the government wo n’t name him or provide his Turkey Police released a Charles Manson selfie video Charles Manson of the man at a market near the nightclub . Charles Manson ISIS members were also detained in the investigation . ISIS has claimed responsibility for the massacre which killed 39 people ISIS    BREAKFAST BROWSE , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . That ’s the way love goes , Ms. Jackson is a momma . Singer Janet Jackson gave birth to her first child , a boy named Eissa . You owe Singer Janet Jackson big time ,     Bowdy has forever bragging rights over his twin brother . But those are the perks when you Bowdy your sibling from under a fallen dresser . He ’s so grounded , Dad ’s getting sworn into office Bowdy a US congressman by the Speaker of the House , so of course it ’s the perfect time to dab . Megyn ’s move , Megyn Kelly ’s joining the mainstream media . The Fox News star says she ’s headed to NBC , where she ’ll host a The Fox News star news program . Hey neighbor , The Fox News star Obama wo n’t be the only new face in DC ’s Kalorama neighborhood after he leaves office . Ivanka Trump and her family are moving President Obama too . AND FINALLY . .. Ivanka Trump tasty burger , Remember the Big Kahuna burger from " Pulp Fiction ? " Ever wanted to make it yourself ? Chef Andrew Rea shows you how . ( Click to view ) 
 