  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is postponing a major immigration speech Donald Trump was set to deliver Thursday in Colorado as Donald Trump campaign continues to    Donald Trump immigration policy . The decision came after Trump , whose hardline immigration policies appealed to many GOP primary voters , met Saturday with Donald Trump Hispanic advisory council and said in an interview Monday morning that Donald Trump wants to " come up with a really fair , but firm " immigration policy . Trump denied in an interview Monday morning on Fox News that Trump was " " on the issue of illegal immigration . And Trump told Trump News’ Trump O’Reilly on Monday evening that Presidents Obama and George W. Bush had both used current law to deport some undocumented immigrants . " Lots of people were brought out of the country with the existing laws . Well , I ’m gon na do the same thing , " Trump said . " We want to do it in a very humane manner . " Trump ’s new campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , explained the decision to postpone the speech in an interview on " Fox and Friends " on Tuesday , suggesting Trump was still grappling with decisions made before Trump took the reins of the campaign .   " We inherited this schedule , " Conway said     though it was Conway herself who labeled this week " immigration week " for the campaign in an interview with CNN last Thursday . Trump added , " Although I think it ’s a great idea to have that kind of speech and certainly put together full plans , immigration is such a complex issue and Mr. Trump has been taking the counsel of many different people on this . " Mr. Trump also said in response to a question that Mr. Trump would not put undocumented immigrants in detention centers .   A Mr. Trump campaign source said the campaign decided to push back Mr. Trump immigration speech as it is still    its    policy and the Trump’s immigration speech language . As Trump Mr. Trump to wade once more into the heated immigration debate , the the campaign taking care to craft the critical speech , which the campaign the campaign to get right , the A Trump campaign source . Lydia Blaha , the spokeswoman for Trump Mr. Trump campaign , also confirmed to CNN that Trump will Mr. Trump deliver a speech in Colorado on Thursday . It is unclear when he plans Mr. Trump give the speech .   Speaking to a speech in Colorado Brianna Keilar on Monday CNN Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , a longtime ally of Trump ’s Mr. Trump emphasized that " there ’s not going to be mass    and that kind of thing " in the Republican nominee ’s immigration plan . He added that the most important thing the Republican nominee Trump to Mr. Trump is to " stop the lawlessness . " Sessions was also interviewed Tuesday on " New Day " on CNN , and appeared to equivocate about Trump ’s immigration position .   Asked if Trump had Mr. Trump his position Mr. Trump the feasibility of a deportation force , one of the more controversial parts of Trump ’s Mr. Trump rhetoric on immigration , Sessions said : " What we ’re Sessions to do is he ’s Mr. Trump to look at that and make a statement about that . " Trump on Mr. Trump visited a Fraternal Order of Police chapter in Ohio and is set to deliver a      speech Monday night in the state . 
 