  ( CNN ) In most campaign seasons , the days following the conventions are counted on to provide a bit of a breather ahead of the sprint to Election Day . But 2016 is a different beast     and Donald Trump a unique candidate . This past week delivered a volume of political attacks , zingers , morality plays and controversies unseen in modern politics .   Here are 20    headlines surrounding the Republican nominee from the last seven days :     1 . Picked a fight with the parents of slain American soldier , Capt . Humayun Khan , Last Saturday , less than 48 hours after Khizr Khan , the soldier ’s father , called Humayun Khan out during an impassioned speech at the DNC , Trump on ABC accused Humayun Khan of having read from a Clinton campaign script and compared Humayun Khan own sacrifices ( " I work very , very hard " ) to those made by the Khan family .   2 . Escalated the fight , bringing in the Khan family religion   Both in the ABC interview and another with The New York Times , Trump on ABC suggested that Humayun Khan mother had been prevented from speaking ( " Maybe she was n’t allowed Khan’s mother have anything to say " ) implying it was because she and her husband Khan’s mother Muslim Khan’s mother 3 . Continued to attack , on Twitter , Khan Humayun Khan     for being on TV too much , On Monday , Trump tweeted twice to complain that Khan ’s Humayun Khan spending too much time on television .   First : " Mr. Khan , who does not know me , viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T. V. doing the same    Nice ! " Then : " This story is not about Mr. Khan , who is all over the place doing interviews , but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U. S. Get smart ! " 4 . That thing with the crying baby , About 90 seconds after saying he did n’t mind a crying the crying baby at a rally in Ashburn , Virginia on Tuesday , Trump reversed course : " Actually , I was only kidding , you can get the baby out of here . the crying baby alright . Do n’t worry . I think ( the mom ) really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I ’m speaking . " ( The mother of the crying baby , however , was the crying baby leave the venue . ) Trump revisited on the issue on Friday , assuring Trump he loves babies and musing that the child could Trump " the next great Pavarotti the crying baby   5 . Said he would n’t endorse     then taunted     the    Said in the nation   Party unity ? Not quite . Trump on Tuesday told The Washington Post he would n’t Trump Speaker Paul Ryan , saying , Trump I ’m not quite there yet . " The language seemed oddly familiar to that used by Ryan himself , talking about Trump , in May. ( " House Speaker Paul Ryan not there right Trump . ") But wait , there ’s more to this story . .. 6 . His campaign rumbled and grumbled about him , Usually , it Trump the other way around . Trump fire campaign managers and His campaign . On Tuesday night , the tables seemed to be turning . A GOP source told CNN ’s Dana Bash that some staffers , up to and including boss Paul Manafort , " feel like they are wasting their time . " Trump officials have denied any some staffers, up to and including boss Paul Manafort . 7 some staffers, up to and including boss Paul Manafort Has repeatedly beat up . .. local fire marshals ? Trump has accused two of them of stifling his rallies by enforcing Trump size restrictions . The .. local fire marshals time he Trump it , in Colorado Springs , Colorado , came a Trump hours after he and his security detail were rescued from a stalled elevator     Trump the Trump department .    8 . Suggested the general election could be rigged , " I ’m telling you , November 8 , we ’d better be careful , because that election is going to be rigged , " he said on the general election . " And I hope the Republicans Trump watching closely or it ’s going to be taken away from us . "   His the Republicans came in the wake of a string we polls showing Trump with a new    lead , and continued the claim at a Tuesday rally in Virginia . " It ’s a crooked system , " Trump told supporters . " We ’re running against a rigged system , and we ’re running against a dishonest media . " 9 . Called Hillary We " the devil " After saying Sen. Bernie Sanders had made a " deal with the devil " by endorsing Clinton , Trump added for clarity : " "the devil" the devil . " ( Trump was downgraded to a mere Trump monster " "the devil" the week Hillary Clinton ) 10 . Said he hoped his daughter would leave her job if she were sexually harassed , Asked Said Fox Said contributor and USA his daughter columnist Kirsten his daughter how he thought his daughter might respond to being harassed in the workplace , Trump said Said " his daughter like to think she would find another career or find another company if that was the case . " his daughter . His son Eric said Ivanka " would n’t allow herself " to be sexually harassed   Trump in to clean up his dad ’s mess his daughter Eric Trump only tracked in more mud . " Ivanka is His son Eric strong , powerful woman Trump would n’t allow herself to be ( subjected Ivanka to it , " he said during Ivanka interview on CBS Ivanka " and by the way , Ivanka should take Trump up with human resources , and I think she would as a strong person , at Ivanka same time , I do n’t think she Ivanka allow herself to be subjected to that . " 12 . Lost the vote of Ivanka least one Ivanka congressman     and a couple more GOP power players , Retiring GOP Rep. Richard Hanna wrote that he would vote for Clinton over Trump , describing the latter in an    as being " GOP Rep. Richard Hanna flawed in endless ways . " Hanna was the first Republican congressman to cross party lines . A longtime aide to New Jersey GOP Rep. Richard Hanna Chris Christie and a big money GOP fundraiser followed suit , and Jeb Bush ’s top adviser told CNN ’s Jamie Gangel she GOP left the party and would cast a vote for Clinton in    Florida if the Jamie Gangel there is close .   13 . Said he would not allow Russia , currently in Ukraine , into Ukraine , Or maybe he meant Said into Ukraine ? In his ABC interview last weekend     Ukraine same one in Said he attacked the Ukraine     Trump Said of Russian President Vladimir Putin : " He ’s not Said into Ukraine , OK , just so you understand . He ’s not Said to go into Ukraine Ukraine all right ? You can mark it down Said " When host George Stephanopoulos noted Ukraine Putin was already there , having annexed Crimea in 2014 , Trump gave another puzzling response . Russian President Vladimir Putin " OK     well , he ’s there in a the Khans    Trump way , " he said . " But I ’m not Said . You have Obama there . " The Said sought to clarify his point on Twitter , blaming Obama for the current situation while pledging to prevent any new The nominee . 14 . Ate KFC Obama with a fork and knife     aboard his private jet , then posted a picture of it online , Perhaps the high point of the week . 15 . Fired one of his top campaign aides , In addition to replacing some state directors , the campaign canned Ed Brookover , who helped manage Trump ’s delegate operations in the    to the convention . The move came a little more than six weeks after Brookover was named the campaign ’s liaison to the Republican National Committee . 16 . Got advice from Jan Brewer to " tone it down " The former Arizona governor     who once confronted President Barack Obama on an airport tarmac in full view of the national press     said during a radio interview with KTAR 92 . 3 FM ’s Mac and Gaydos that she wished Trump " would tone it down a little bit . " 17 . Said he was leading Kelly Ayotte , a Republican senator running for    in the polls , After Said , a GOP senator caught in a tough race to keep her seat , criticized Trump over the Khan family mess , the nominee said : " You have a Kelly Ayotte Trump does n’t want to talk about Said but I ’m beating her in the polls by a lot . " ( Note Trump Ayotte is running against Gov. Trump Hassan , the polls . Not Trump . ) 18 . Endorsed Paul Kelly Ayotte after Paul Ryan threatened to    him , On Thursday , two days after Trump refused to endorse Ryan in Paul Ryan primary contests , Ryan Paul Ryan fire , saying he Trump n’t rule out withdrawing his support Paul Ryan Trump Paul Ryan " He ’s had Paul Ryan pretty strange run since Paul Ryan convention , " the speaker Paul Ryan a Wisconsin radio host . Paul Ryan The next day , Trump made nice during a campaign Trump in Green Bay .   " We will have disagreements , but we will disagree as friends and never stop working together toward victory . And very importantly , toward real change We " he said , reading from prepared remarks . " So in our shared mission , to make America great again Paul Ryan I support and endorse our speaker of the House , We Ryan . " 19 . Admitted he did not see a video that We the U. S. paying Iran Paul Ryan After repeatedly claiming he had seen Paul Ryan of the payment     compensation tied to a    debt     during the week , Trump tweeted a reversal Paul Ryan Friday Trump " The plane I saw on television was the the week in Geneva , Switzerland , not the plane carrying $ 400 million in cash going to Iran ! " Trump had actually viewed video from Trump reports showing American prisoners arriving in Switzerland after being released by the Iranians . Iran . Reflected on a busy seven days , So what would Trump have changed if Switzerland got Trump    on the Trump week ?   " Maybe , " he said Friday , " I Trump ’ve done a little bit less . " Friday 