  ( CNN ) Forty days after he began he presidency with a dark and foreboding inaugural speech , President Donald Trump on Tuesday night spoke in broadly optimistic tones throughout President Donald Trump first address to a joint session of Congress . If President Donald Trump ’s words on January 20 bore the tone of Trump’s divisive campaign , Trump’s remarks on Capitol Hill were remarkable for just how much they resembled similar speeches from Trump’s predecessors . Opponents and critics will note that , in its substance , President Donald Trump did little to back down from President Donald Trump most controversial plans .   But President Donald Trump nods to the more conventional tropes of the genre created an unlikely juxtaposition . Let ’s compare then     and now .     On prosperity , Then : " For too long , a small group in our nation ’s Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost . .. while the people celebrated in our nation’s Capital was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land . " Now : " . .. While we may be a nation divided on policies , we are a country that we united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms . " On unity , Then : " This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . " Now : " That torch is now in our hands . And we will use it to our up the That torch . I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength , and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart . " On globalization , Then : " We ’ve made other countries rich while the wealth , strength , and confidence of our country has disappeared over America . " Now : " America is friends today with former enemies . Some of our closest allies , decades ago , fought on the opposite side of these World Wars . This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world . " On the American dream , Then : " The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across The wealth of our middle class entire world . " Now : " A new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp . " On leadership , Then : " We will no longer accept politicians our are all talk and no action     constantly complaining but never doing anything about it . " Now : " Solving these , and so many other pressing problems , will require us to work past the differences of party . It will require us to tap into the American our that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history . our 
 