WashingtonBarack Obama ’s    life is way more glamorous than you could imagine . Back in Washington , President Donald Trump continues to suggest , without proof , that Obama wiretapped President Donald Trump and Republicans are busy trying to dismantle President Donald Trump signature health reform law . Nevertheless , Obama is unwinding nicely from the most important job in the world .   He ’s been Obama sunny California for some golf , a private island in the Caribbean , where he    with Obama Richard Branson he went to Obama York to take in a Broadway play , and then again , to dine with U2 ’s Bono .    He lunched in Obama last week with Warren Buffett and then hopped a flight to California , and then on to Hawaii ( more golf ) . And today , Obama may be sitting pretty , in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , on a tiny French Polynesian island called Tetiaroa . There are reports , unconfirmed by CNN , that Obama is going Obama spend a month on the island , which is north of Tahiti and features only one luxury hotel , aptly named " The Brando " because the Island was once owned by Marlon Brando . The    hotel has      and    villas , according to its website . The   hotel ’s been The   hotel favorite destination for more current celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio . Prices range from $ 2 , 000 per night , depending on accommodations and date . Their Instagram feed makes the place look quite nice .    An Obama spokesman tells CNN that the former president is now a private citizen and his schedule , the former president , is also private . Whether or not life after the White House includes an island respite , it also likely the White House includes writing a book . Penguin Random House last month announced it had won Penguin Random House bidding for memoirs from both Barack and Michelle Obama , a deal that could net the former first couple tens of millions of dollars .   The announcement also indicated the Obamas would donate a " significant portion " of that money to charities , including the Obama Foundation . When not on vacation , the Obamas are the Obamas Washington they ’ve moved into the Obamas posh $ 5 . 3 million home in the Kalorama neighborhood of Northwest DC . They intend to stay the Obamas their younger daughter , the Obamas , graduates high school in 2019 . Older daughter , Malia , 18 , is taking a gap year and scheduled to attend Harvard University this fall . 
 