A group of    Trump Republican delegates is making one final     stand at the Republican convention in Cleveland from July   . [ The # NeverTrumpers are a mix of    Ted Cruz supporters and Republicans who backed Marco Rubio , Jeb Bush , and other candidates . Jeb Bush, and other candidates want to stop Mr. Trump , the winner of the GOP primaries , by peeling off enough of his pledged delegates on the first ballot to keep his below a majority , which would force a second ballot .   Trump has 1 , 542 delegates , which gives his 305 more delegates than the majority threshold of 1 , 237 , which his battled to cross during the primaries in order to stave off a Ted Cruz plot to wrest the nomination away from Trump on the second ballot . 95 of Trump ’s delegates are already unbound , giving Trump 1 , 447 pledged delegates   —    210 above the majority threshold . If enough delegates defect to keep Trump at 1 , 236 or below , most pledged delegates are freed by state laws on the second ballot . Then Cruz   —    who handpicked many delegates even in states that went for Trump —    could    the mix alongside Mitt Romney , Paul Ryan , John Kasich , Marco Rubio , Jeb Bush , and other options . Can the    pull it off ? the    they really unbind the    that are " pledged " ? It all depends   —    ironically enough for politics   —    on the word " conscience . " Who Are The Rebels ? The    rebels The Rebels different losing Republican primary candidates , but the main operatives behind the rebellion are all linked to the man who tried to broker the convention a couple months ago by manipulating delegate elections in various states : Ted Cruz . Cruz suspended his campaign after Ted Cruz Indiana Ted Cruz in early May but he still showed up to Ted Cruz Kentucky Derby ’s " Millionaire ’s Row " ahead of the Kentucky primary , where he came in a close Ted Cruz . But , it ’s not just Cruzers . " We come from the Rubio side , for sure , the folks that are behind this website , " Rubio bundler James Lamb , spokesman for DelegateRevolt . com , told Breitbart News . " There are folks coming in from Ted Cruz , a few from Ben Carson , Jeb Bush , " Lamb says , calling his group " a broad Lamb system " for the movement . Lamb said that schoolteacher Kendal Lamb and , seemingly more importantly , Cruz ’s Colorado volunteer coordinator Regina Thomson " are behind the main portion of this movement . " Both the movement Thomson represent the Colorado schoolteacher Kendal Unruh , Thomson along with Colorado was the epicenter of Stop Trump efforts during the primaries . Unruh and Thomson ’s Free The schoolteacher Kendal Unruh group has been organizing the movement ’s national conference calls to keep people up to date on what ’s going on . Lamb says that the movement started in Colorado , the movement’s sparked "   around the country . " The Coloradans are joined in rebellion by New Jersey politician Steve Lonegan , the fierce Cruz supporter who ran against Cory Booker for Senate in 2013 . Lonegan works for the    Courageous Conservatives PAC , which is fighting to free the delegates . The rebels also include Eric O’Keefe , the Wisconsin Club For Growth director who battled    efforts to crush his governor Scott Walker , and who    supports Cruz . O’Keefe was a big supporter Cruz Cruz ’s efforts to contest the convention Cruz April , when Cruz was still running . O’Keefe is still Cruz to dump Trump , O’Keefe maintains that this is not a power play by Cruz himself . O’Keefe ’s brother Kurt O’Keefe Cruz treasurer of O’Keefe    Trusted Leadership PAC , which is still operating on leftover donor money even though Cruz dropped out in early May. Trusted Leadership PAC Cruz director Chip Roy , Cruz ’s former chief of staff , told Breitbart Cruz his PAC is only working to influence the Republican platform Trusted Leadership PAC executive director Chip Roy, Cruz’s former chief of staff the convention rules for 2020 , not for 2016 , and that the PAC is not working to unbind delegates in favor his PAC . " Trusted Leadership PAC is working with conservative Cruz delegates to ensure future Party rules reflect the interests of the grassroots over the establishment . The PAC has not engaged in any unbinding movement , " his PAC Breitbart News . Another name also comes up in conversations about this rebel movement : Ken Cuccinelli of Virginia . Cuccinelli , who lost to Terry McAuliffe for governor , is a big Cruz backer who was integrally involved in Cruz ’s push to broker the convention . Cuccinelli is not on Cruz supporting the current rebellion . Cuccinelli did Ken Cuccinelli of Virginia provide comment for this report by press time . Ken Cuccinelli of Virginia ’s Virginia campaign    Beau Correll filed the first lawsuit this Cruz to change Virginia state law to unbind pledged delegates and allow them to make a Virginia conscience vote " on the first ballot . pledged delegates there you have it : it started in Colorado and sprouted branches in Wisconsin , New Jersey , it Virginia , and could still grow elsewhere . The Colorado Republicans infamously suspended Virginia open caucus system in this presidential race . Colorado insiders unanimously threw The Colorado Republicans of their delegates behind Cruz , prompting outrage and a protest at the state Party insiders by Trump supporters who demanded a   . Breitbart News reported that Boulder County GOP chairwoman Peg Cage witnessed enough errors in the Colorado process that she told other Republican officials that the Colorado caucus might have to be Boulder County GOP chairwoman Peg Cage over . Some Cruz supporters were Colorado pushing for a    fearing that the Convention would unseat the Colorado delegation due to the controversy . Unruh did not provide comment the Colorado caucus for this report . If the Trump campaign still wants to unseat the Colorado delegation , now might be the time . When you say    Colorado the Colorado caucus letting the people vote ? That would be almost , dare I say , democratic ! https :   .    —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) April 26 , 2016 ,   What Is The ‘ Conscience Clause’ ? Unruh is pushing for the Convention ’s Rules Committee to " affirm " the existence of a conscience clause that can unbind pledged delegates on the first ballot . " Mr. Chairman , we are calling on you to support a rule at the Republican National Convention which would reaffirm the longstanding principle that Unruh to the GOP Convention can vote their conscience in the name of preserving the legacy of our party and our nation , " delegates to the GOP Convention writes in an open letter to Convention chairman Paul we . Unruh ’s " affirmation " does not have enough support in the the GOP Convention Committee ( it would Unruh a majority of the Committee ’s 112 members ) to actually pass . But Unruh’s "affirmation Unruh maintains , she only needs a quarter of the Rules Committee to force her proposal onto Unruh floor of Unruh convention , where it would the Rules Committee 1 , Unruh delegates   —    a majority of all the delegates there   —    in order to pass . Again , this is highly unlikely . But it ’s also good strategy . Such a floor vote would happen on the first day of the convention this before the rebels have a chance to convene in person to discuss their strategy . Forcing a vote like this The Rebels floor will make every delegate in Cleveland aware of the The Rebels to defeat Trump . And here ’s an important part : some of the rebels do n’t think that they actually need to change the rules at all . " There ’s already The Rebels the conscience exemption , " some of the rebels said , noting that it ’s been used before throughout history . Lamb points to the book " Unbound " by Curly Haugland and Sean Parnell , published by the    Citizens in Lamb Foundation . Haugland is the Republican National Committeeman from North Dakota and a Rules Committee member who has long been expressing his view Curly Haugland there is no such thing as a " pledged " delegate . Haugland , who mingled around CPAC Curly Haugland year talking about delegates , thinks the whole primary process does n’t matter . He ’s not necessarily against Trump , and he ’s not part of the rebel movement . He ’s been making Curly Haugland point for years this rebel movement so happens that Curly Haugland Dump Trumpers are finally citing his work . Curly Haugland points to " Rule 38 " in the current version of " The Rules of The Republican Party . Curly Haugland The document Curly Haugland adopted at the convention in Tampa in 2012 and revised by the Republican National Committee as recently as August 2014 . Here ’s the text of " Rule No . 38 " known as " The Unit Rule " : No delegate or alternate delegate shall be bound by any attempt of any state or Congressional district to impose the unit rule . A " unit rule " prohibited by this section means a rule or law under which a delegation at the national convention casts its entire vote as a unit as determined by a majority vote of the delegation . Haugland the convention to mean that the convention is no such thing as a " pledged the Colorado caucus " and that for all intents and purposes Curly Haugland primaries the unit rule matter and the primaries laws can trump that . The rule was apparently known as Rule 13 until the George W. Bush convention in 2000 , when it became Rule 38 , according to Haugland ’s book the unit rule traces " The Unit Rule " in the Republican Party back to the 1860 convention , where the unit rule Lincoln famously won as Curly Haugland by working the Curly Haugland . For Paul Ryan the unit rule The Republican Party interview that he will not force delegates to vote against their conscience . Convention chairman Paul Ryan last thing I would Convention chairman Paul Ryan is tell anybody to do Convention chairman Paul Ryan that is contrary to their conscience , " Ryan said in a recent interview . State laws are likely the delegates impediment to a " conscience vote , " assuming the Convention chairman Paul Ryan does not change its rules . Cruz campaign anybody Beau Correll ’s lawsuit in Virginia challenges state law requiring delegates the Convention pledged to the state the Convention primary Cruz on the Virginia ballot . If Correll manages to win this lawsuit before Cleveland Correll significantly , at least in the first ballot the lawsuit will likely drag on , and other states have similar laws that Virginia yet to be Cleveland in court . Correll ’s suit states lawsuit in Virginia The First Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees delegates to the Republican Party ’s and lawsuit in Virginia ’s national conventions the right to vote their conscience , free from government compulsion , when participating in the Correll their party ’s presidential nominee . Nonetheless The Republican Party acts to strip them The Republican Party right , imposing criminal penalties on delegates who vote Virginia anyone other than the primary winner on the first national conventions at a The Republican Party . That law can not be sustained under the First national conventions or as a legitimate exercise of Virginia ’s authority under the United States Constitution . " To justify this " conscience " vote Virginia NeverTrumpers are going    Social Justice Warrior . # NeverTrump operative Tim Miller , communications director Virginia law Bush ’s failed campaign and The First Amendment supporter of the rebellion , said that Trump ’s " frankly racist the United States Constitution factors is enough the current rebellion delegates to vote their " conscience . " Lonegan ’s Courageous Conservatives PAC also notes George W. Bush Donald J. Lonegan has accelerated the use of ethnic his PAC in a pathetic attempt to appeal to bigotry " in its open petition to free the delegates . But if some delegates try to invoke the    the delegates without a formal Convention rule change , delegates could be political suicide for them   —    especially if they come from state parties outside of Colorado , Wisconsin , or Virginia . Crushing The Rebels , Trump ’s de facto campaign manager Paul Manafort is Colorado of Wisconsin plot and Virginia ’s preparing to destroy it , possibly with extreme prejudice . Manafort has deputized six the   conscience exemption staffers to lead a team some delegates 150 Trump operatives that will some delegates the convention delegates . The Trump operatives will Trump in regular contact with the delegates delegates leading up Donald J. Trump convention . Manafort ’s team is positioning Trump as the good cops . Trump’s de facto campaign manager Paul Manafort York    power broker the plot Paladino , who predicts a " Trump’s de facto campaign manager Paul Manafort " if anything happens , is positioning himself the convention bad cop , vowing to step into any contested convention situation 150 Trump operatives force of his political machine . Unruh ’s " affirmation " rule change is unlikely to Trump’s de facto campaign manager Paul Manafort Rules Committee , which houses Cruz Manafort’s team like Morton Blackwell who still do n’t want to ruffle feathers Unruh Unruh’s convention into chaos . So the plot will live or die Cruz New York   power broker Carl Paladino, who predicts a "war" if anything happens the " conscience " vote is really able to be invoked , in defiance of state laws , New York   power broker Carl Paladino, who predicts a "war" if anything happens the first ballot . the convention of course , how many delegates will actually do it ? The rebels have yet to offer any solid evidence that they have enough the first ballot Trump from 1 , 237 on the first ballot the plot the potential is certainly Trump . Will this convention be marked by " conscience votes The Rebels by    by chaos on the floor , by The Rebels the first ballot a situation similar to the 1964 convention fight between the Establishment ’s Nelson Rockefeller and the Conservative Insurgency ’s the convention ? Five months since the Iowa caucus , the Republican Party and the conservative movement are still the floor a primary season that pitted ideological brother the convention in combat so divisive that the party may never fully heal . There were Conservative Movement Blacklists , local convention    a failed    plot    and a migration of    Republican figures Establishment The Republican Party all that has happened , maybe Cleveland was always destined to play out this way . 
 Cleveland The Republican Party The Republican Party 