’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats in    an Oval Office meeting last week that President Donald Trump firing of " nut    job " FBI Director James Comey had taken " great pressure " off of    President Donald Trump , . ’ ’    An American official read the comments , from a White House    document summarizing the meeting with Russian Foreign Minister    Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak , to The    Times . a White House    press secretary Sean Spicer did not dispute    the comments . ’ ’    " I just fired the head of the FBI . He was White House press secretary Sean Spicer , a real nut job , "    Trump said , according to The Times The   Times I faced great pressure    because of    . That’ ’s taken off . ’ ’    " I’’m not under investigation , " he added . I’’m "    The conversation happened on May 10 , a day after     who had been overseeing the FBI ’s investigation into whether    Trump campaign operatives colluded with Russian officials to    interfere in    2016 presidential election .   Trump revealed to   Trump Russians highly classified    intelligence on ISIS that the US had not even shared with close    allies . That intelligence was highly classified   intelligence on ISIS that the US had not even shared with close   allies to have come from    Israel . " ’’ ’    Speaking to NBC News ’’ Lester Holt on May 11 , Trump mentioned the   Trump Russia investigation when explaining why he fired Comey , Lester Holt he    called a Lester Holt showboat " and a " grandstander . " ’ ’    " When I decided to just do it , I said to myself   —    I said , you    know , this Russia thing with Trump Russia Russia is a      Russia , " he said . ’ Lester Holt    Trump also said Comey Trump and Russia him on Lester Holt occasions Trump and Russia he was    not Lester Holt under investigation , including at a January dinner    in which Trump   to pledge Trump and Russia to him . Trump and Russia ’    Trump and Russia this week , The Times reported that Comey     of his Lester Holt Trump , Lester Holt one from a Trump and Russia    meeting in which Trump suggested he " let go Trump and Russia Lester Holt the investigation    into Michael Flynn , the former national security adviser , who had    resigned the day before .   the request could constitute obstruction of justice , the    charge that led President Richard Nixon to resign . ’ ’    On Wednesday , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed a    special counsel , former FBI Director Robert Mueller , to oversee    the FBI’ ’s Russia investigation . Trump on Thursday   of " the single greatest witch hunt of a politician    in American history ! " ’ ’    The White House document read to The Times was based on notes    taken during the meeting . It was circulated as the official The White House document account . ’ ’    " By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into    Russia’ ’s actions , James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our    ability to engage and negotiate with Russia , " Spicer told The    Times . " The investigation would have always continued , and    obviously , the termination of    would not have ended it James Comey Once    again , the termination of Comey real story    that our national security has been    undermined by the leaking of    and highly classified    conversations . " ’ ’    Another government official who spoke to The Times said Trump was    The   Times " negotiating tactic " with Lavrov when he explained the    " pressure " Another government official who spoke to The Times faced . ’ ’    The Another government official who spoke to The Times wrote : " The idea The   Times The   Times suggested , was to create    Another government official who spoke to The Times of obligation with Russian officials and to coax    concessions out of Mr. Lavrov   —       Syria , Ukraine , and other    issues   —    by saying that Russian meddling in last year’ ’s election    had Russian enormous political problems for Mr. Trump . " ’ ’President Donald Trump told Russian . .. ’ ’’ ’’ Mr. Trump Russian 