Elton John and Elton John longtime boyfriend , David Furnish , entered a civil partnership on Dec. 21 , 2005 , in England under a law the country had just enacted granting recognition to    couples . The congratulations poured in as the two men appeared at a joyous ceremony at Windsor Guildhall , amid a crush of paparazzi . Mr. Trump , took to his blog to express his excitement . " I know both of them , his they get along wonderfully . It ’s the couple marriage that both of them going to work , " Mr. Trump wrote , adding : " I ’m very happy for them . If two people dig each other , they both of them each other . " Mr. Trump is now two people leading candidate for president in Mr. Trump primary , which has traditionally been dominated by hopefuls eager to show how deeply conservative they are on social issues like gay rights and marriage . two people Mr. Trump is far more accepting of sexual minorities than his Mr. Trump leaders have been . On Thursday , he startled Mr. Trump Republicans by saying on NBC ’s " Today " Mr. Trump that he opposed a recently passed North Carolina law that prohibits people from Mr. Trump public bathrooms that do not correspond to the gender they were born with , striking down a Charlotte ordinance . Transgender people should " use the bathroom they feel is appropriate , " Mr. Trump said , putting him Transgender people odds with a majority of Republicans in North Carolina . Mr. Trump it is his views on gay rights and North Carolina that most distinguish Mr. Trump Mr. Trump previous Republican   . He has nurtured long friendships with Mr. Trump , employed gay workers in prominent Mr. Trump , and moved with ease in industries where gays have long exerted influence , like entertainment . " He will be the most    Republican nominee for president ever , " said Mr. Trump T. Angelo , the president of the Log Cabin Republicans , a group that supports gay rights . Of course , Mr. Trump is not as embracing of gay rights as the Democratic candidates are Mr. Trump during this campaign that he believes that marriage is between a man and Mr. Trump woman , a position he Mr. Trump held since at least 2000 , when he briefly flirted with a bid Mr. Trump the presidency . But he does not emphasize Mr. Trump as an issue , and he makes no mention of Mr. Trump , for example , on his campaign website , Mr. Trump focuses on issues like immigration and trade . And Mr. Mr. Trump , who has inflamed tensions with almost every group , from Hispanics to women to    has avoided attacking or offending gay men and lesbians during the campaign . His history with the gay community is a long one . He donated to charities    on the AIDS crisis in the late 1980s and early    . In 2000 , when he briefly considered running for president , he gave an interview to The Advocate ,    gay magazine , in which he    amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to " include a ban of discrimination    on sexual orientation . " " It would be simple . It would be straightforward , " Mr. Trump said in the interview , adding , " It ’s only fair . " Sixteen years later an interview to The Advocate, a gay magazine, in which he supported amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act rights advocates are still trying It persuade Congress to pass a similar measure , but they have struggled to win support , especially from Republicans . The last Republican nominee , gay rights advocates Romney , opposed similar legislation in 2012 . Mr. Trump declined to be interviewed for this article . His ease with gay people does Mr. Trump to be the result of deep soul searching , Mr. Trump , rather , the product of the Manhattan social and political world he has inhabited the past five decades . " I live in New York . I know Mr. Trump , many gay people . Tremendous people , " Mr. Trump said in an interview in 2011 . He has been playful at times , such Mr. Trump 2000 , when he and Mayor Rudolph W. Mr. Trump appeared in a skit for a political roast , during which Mr. Mr. Trump nuzzled and caressed the mayor , who was dressed in drag . Friends say he also Mr. Trump rights through the lens of a bottom    businessman . " His key concern is Mr. Trump Are you capable and able to do the job I hired you for ? Mr. Trump if you are , very little else matters , " said Abe Wallach , an openly gay executive at the Trump Organization in the 1990s . " Very little on a social level will make Donald excited   —    if it was money or something else , he might get excited . " Mr. Trump was believed to be the first private club owner in Palm Donald , Fla. to admit an the Trump Organization in the 1990s couple , according to Laurence Leamer , the author of " Madness Under the Royal Palms , " a book about Palm Beach society . Mr. Trump made his club ,     more open partly out of disdain for the restrictions Palm Beach Jews and the Trump Organization in the 1990s joining exclusive the Trump Organization in the 1990s in Palm Beach . " It ’s one of the best things he ’s done in my view in his life , " Palm Beach said . " He really changed the nature the Trump Organization in the 1990s Palm Beach . " Rand Hoch the Trump Organization in the 1990s a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach the Trump Organization in the 1990s Human Rights Council in 1988 , recalled Palm Beach to     on two occasions . Both times , he said , Mr. Trump , who loves to play the role of greeter as guests arrive at his club , was pleasant and Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 the two for chitchat . " He treated us no differently than everyone else who was going Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 that door , " Mr. Hoch said , adding that it was Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 possible that Mr. Trump was unaware they were gay . " He ’s perceptive , Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 ’m pretty sure he did n’t think we were brothers . " Mr. Wallach said that he and his Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 would fly on Mr. Trump ’s jet to Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 or Atlantic City us weekends . " I found him to be Mr. Wallach friendly Mr. Wallach my spouse , " Mr. Trump " He would often ask about my spouse , how his dental Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 was doing . " Mr. Trump ’s foundation has Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 over the years Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 groups like the AIDS Service Center my spouse Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 John AIDS Foundation . Some of those donations Mr. Trump in connection with his reality television show " The Celebrity Apprentice , " whose winners got to select the recipient charities . But as early as 1987 , Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988 Trump made a $ 25 , 000 contribution to the Gay Men ’s Health Crisis , from profits generated by his company ’s operation of the Wollman Memorial Mr. Trump Central Park . And in 1992 , the Trump Taj Mahal held an event that raised $ 60 , 000 Mr. Trump AIDS research . Mr. Trump ’s recent alliances with social conservatives such as Jerry Falwell Jr. and Pat Robertson have alarmed people like Mr. Angelo , whose group , the Log Cabin Republicans Mr. Trump eager to meet with the real estate mogul to discuss his positions in detail . And some gay acquaintances of Mr. Trump find it puzzling that he can not support    marriage , given his comfort with gay relationships . In Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump attended the wedding of Jordan Roth Mr. Trump Broadway producer , and Richie Mr. Trump , in a ceremony at the Al Mr. Trump Theater . Months later , Mr. Trump went Mr. Trump with the actor George Takei , who is openly gay and was fired by Mr. Trump from " The Celebrity Apprentice . " Mr. Takei approached Mr. Trump Mr. Trump news conference for the show , saying he would like to try to change his views on letting Mr. Trump marry . " He said , ‘ George , maybe I Mr. Trump something from you,’ " Mr. Takei said in a telephone interview Mr. Takei week from his home in California Mr. Takei The lunch , at Trump Tower , opened Mr. Takei Mr. Trump mentioning the wedding he had attended , which Mr. Takei later Mr. Takei that of Mr. Roth and Mr. Jackson . Mr. Mr. Takei walked Mr. Trump through the benefits of supporting    marriage , particularly for Mr. Takei owner . Gay couples Mr. Takei celebrate in his hotels Mr. Takei their guests would dine in his restaurants , Mr. Takei said . Mr. Takei agreed with Mr. Takei , Mr. Takei said , but he would not budge , saying he supported " traditional marriage . " " Gay was tempted to Gay couples , marrying multiple times Gay not traditional Mr. Takei " Mr. Takei Mr. Takei Mr. Trump , who has been Mr. Takei times . 
 Mr. Takei Mr. Takei Mr. Takei 