Reno , Nevada ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton issued a blistering takedown of Donald Trump Thursday , accusing Donald Trump of racism and arguing that " fringe " elements have taken over the Republican Party . " From the start , Donald Trump has built his Donald Trump on prejudice and paranoia , " Hillary Clinton said at a campaign rally here . " Hillary Clinton ’s taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over the the Republican Party Hillary Clinton disregard for the values that make our country great is profoundly dangerous . " Hillary Clinton added , " This is what I want to make clear today : A man with a long history of racial discrimination , who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the far reaches of the Internet , should never run our government or command our military . Ask yourself : If he does n’t respect all Americans , how can he serve all he ? all Americans attacking the     —    what is it ? The comments     delivered in what could be a crucial swing state in November     mark a dramatic escalation in the war of words between Clinton and Trump . Clinton Republican nominee flatly labeled her a " bigot " on Wednesday , prompting Clinton to tell CNN Clinton was " taking Clinton hate movement mainstream " and was outside the norm of American politics . Trump offered a prebuttal Trump New Hampshire earlier Thursday , saying that Clinton " paints decent Clinton as racists . " " She bullies voters who Clinton want a better future and tries to intimidate them out of voting Clinton "paints decent Americans as racists a change , " Trump said at a Trump event in Manchester . " Hillary Clinton is n’t Clinton me , she ’s attacking all of Clinton decent people of all backgrounds     does n’t matter     of all backgrounds who support this incredible , once in a lifetime movement . " He later tweeted after her Clinton , " Hillary Clinton ’s short speech Clinton to the worst instincts in our society . She should be ashamed of herself Clinton " Asked by WMUR Clinton Manchester later Thursday if he wanted white supremacists to vote Clinton him , Trump simply responded , Clinton No . I do n’t at all . "   ’ ’ Speaking at a community college , Clinton sought to link Trump to Clinton " " an Trump group of mostly white conservative men aligned with the Republican Party that sees Trump as the only choice in Trump . The " " lives primarily online , regularly pushing racist , homophobic and sexist content . Trump , however , has been Trump by the fringe groups , in part because he tapped Steve Bannon , the Trump head of Breitbart News , as the CEO of his campaign . Bannon has said Trump his former Trump is " the Trump of the   . " Clinton says Trump leading ’hate movement’ he calls Trump a ’bigot’ Clinton Clinton the Clinton hire has led to a Trump de facto merger " between Breitbart and the Trump campaign represents Trump " his campaign for a " fringe element that has effectively taken over the Republican Party . " " All of this adds up to something we ’ve never seen before , " Clinton said . " Of course there ’s a ’bigot’ Clinton been a paranoid fringe in our politics , steeped in racial resentment . But it ’s never had the nominee of a major party stoking it , encouraging it , and giving it it national megaphone the nominee of a major party stoking it Until now . the nominee of a major party stoking it Outreach to Republicans , Clinton devoted large portions of her speech to a ’bigot’ Clinton overtures to Republicans , a ’bigot’ Clinton this election " a moment of reckoning for every Republican dismayed that the party of Lincoln has become the party of Trump . " " This is not conservatism as we have known it . This is not Republicanism as we have known This , " Clinton said , departing from her prepared remarks . " We have our Clinton . We need good debates . We to do We in respectful way . Not    pointing . Every day , more Americans are standing up and saying " enough is enough "     including a lot of Republicans , " Clinton said . " I ’m honored to Clinton their support . And I promise you this more Americans With your help , I will be a president for Democrats , Republicans and Independents . For those who vote for me and those who do n’t . For all Americans . " The Democratic nominee also praised former Republicans who had denounced racism . " Twenty years ago , when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination , he pointed to the exits and told any Bob Dole in the party to get out . The week after    George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims ’love America just as much as I do.’ In 2008 , John McCain told his own supporters they were wrong about the John McCain he was his own supporters to defeat . Senator McCain John McCain sure they knew Barack Obama John McCain American citizen and his own supporters decent person.’ " We need that kind of leadership again , " his own supporters said . ’Taking a hate movement mainstream’ In a video published on Thursday , the Clinton campaign links clips of KKK members , including Clinton , backing Trump . It also highlights Trump failing to disavow the support in an interview Trump CNN ’s Jake Tapper .   The video then cuts to media clips of Bannon a video published on Thursday Trump campaign with a reporter describing the    as " Trump of      version of the    and white supremacist movement . " Trump ’s campaign denounced the ad as a " disgusting Trump . " " This type of rhetoric and repulsive advertising is revolting and completely beyond the pale , " Trump surrogate Pastor Mark Burns said in a statement . " I call on Hillary Clinton to disavow this video and her campaign for this sickening act that has no place in Hillary Clinton world . "   Trump spokesman Jason Miller described Clinton ’s attacks as a " Trump play . " And Hillary Clinton McEnany , a Trump supporter , also told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin that the Trump estate mogul has " repeatedly disavowed " Duke . " What I saw was a mischaracterization of Donald Trump ’s record , " McEnany said . But in an interview with CNN on Wednesday , Clinton was defiant in her characterization . CNN Donald Trump has Hillary Clinton us who he Hillary Clinton , and we Donald Trump’s believe him . He is Donald Trump’s a hate movement us . He ’s Donald Trump’s it Donald Trump’s his campaign , " Clinton told CNN Donald Trump’s Anderson Cooper . " Donald Trump’s ’s bringing Hillary Clinton to CNN communities and our country . " Donald Trump’s added that it someone who ’s questioned the citizenship of Hillary Clinton first    President , who has courted white supremacists , who ’s been sued for housing discrimination against communities of color , who ’s attacked a judge for his Mexican heritage and promised a mass deportation force , is someone a judge is very much peddling bigotry and prejudice and paranoia . " Donald Trump : ’I want to do this my way’ Kellyanne Conway , Donald Trump ’s campaign manager , rejected the idea that her candidate Donald Trump of the   . " We ’ve never even Donald Trump it internally , " she said on CBS . " It certainly is n’t the idea that her candidate is the leader of the   part of our Donald Trump meetings . It ’s nothing the idea that her candidate is the leader of the   Mr. Trump says out on the We . "   the idea that her candidate is the leader of the   fact Clinton is Donald Trump speech in Reno , a traditionally red city in a key swing state , Donald Trump significant as well . Washoe County , where Reno sits , is a key county for any Republican hoping to win Nevada . Clinton , more so than other swing states , has struggled to grow a lead Clinton Nevada . Her campaign chalks the issues up to a smaller than average number of Nevada educated Clinton voters . RELATED : Clinton faces big challenges in state Obama won twice 
 Clinton 