  ( CNN )   Donald Trump is finding comfort and delight in the revival of Donald Trump boisterous campaign rallies . A month to the day after Donald Trump clinched the presidency , Donald Trump victory tour will take him Donald Trump to battleground Iowa for a Thursday night event in Des Moines . But if Trump Donald Trump the forever candidate , Vice    Mike Pence is emerging from the election as an emboldened winner confidently turning the levers of government .   The Indiana governor , who left Washington after a dozen years in Congress , will return to the capital next month as a uniquely powerful vice president . Pence Mike Pence more comfortably on a different , if more familiar , circuit than his boss     in a parallel political universe where he his serves up    washed with Chamber of       to Beltway conservative audiences .   Pew poll : Trump ’s approval lower than previous incoming presidents , Pence Mike Pence present last week in Ohio for the first    " thank you " event . But while Trump Trump the    onstage , it was his Trump who , days earlier , worked quietly to secure the Carrier jobs deal     a pact greased with tax incentives that will keep hundreds of jobs in the US that were previously destined for Mexico .   Trump Trump the agreement , which hinged largely on tax incentives provided by Pence ’s Indiana , during the Cincinnati rally and promised more happy days on the horizon . But he Trump looked back , in anger and fun , ripping the media for underestimating his Trump prospects and grinning broadly as supporters sang from the campaign hymnal .    " We did have a lot of fun fighting Hillary , did n’t we We " Trump asked , with a knowing smile , as the crowd reprised old cries to " Lock her Trump ! " Five nights later , as Trump Trump with supporters at the next stop , in North Carolina , Pence found comfort in entertaining on his Trump home field     at a Heritage Foundation gathering at Trump ’s Pennsylvania Avenue hotel . Though their respective remarks overlapped on key points , Pence Pence strayed from establishment orthodoxy . He Trump over and again that the new administration would deliver on the planks of its the new administration most familiar to the bespoken room .   " We are going to cut taxes across the board , " he Trump , and " simplify the tax code , " while lowering the corporate rate " from 35 % to 15 % . " A    Jeb Bush would have delivered an almost identical speech . Where Trump agonizes over his A   Jeb Bush vote deficit , spreading lies about imagined illegal voters , Pence warmed the the bespoken room a more comforting recap .   " We truly do believe that our    We secured a mandate for leadership , " he said A   Jeb Bush " It was a victory that was borne of ideas . " Trump and Pence promise Pence winter of wholesale change , About 300 miles south , at the Crown Coliseum in Fayetteville , North Carolina , Trump ticked Trump and Pence the same scripted agenda items but only came alive as he veered Trump and Pence a riff on       " We love our flag We we do We like it when we see We ripping up our flag our flag our flag We our flag we ’ll We what we ’re We to do about that , OK ? "     and in issuing a vague threat of civil unrest should Congress withhold the waiver needed to help install retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his defense secretary . retired Marine Gen. James Mattis You ’ll get that waiver , right the waiver needed to help install retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his defense secretary Trump asked as Mattis , who appeared and spoke briefly , exited the stage . " He ’ll get that . Trump ! If he did n’t get that Trump there ’d be the waiver needed to help install retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his defense secretary of angry people . " Mattis is expected to get the retired Marine Gen. James Mattis clearance , though not through a public pressure campaign or the force of Trump ’s negotiating skills . Instead Trump the recently retired marine general will have congressional Republicans to thank . They maneuvered to work the waiver congressional Republicans a    spending the waiver needed to help install retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his defense secretary Democrats would have to risk shutting down the government to deny it and the White House , though critical of the decision , has not threatened a veto .   But these arcane machinations seem a long way off as Trump , on the road again , Trump soothes his ego and stokes his base , Trump through an updated Trump triumphal version of his campaign doggerel . In Fayetteville , Trump pledged again to reduce a murder Trump now at its " highest in 45 years "     a misleading statistic made familiar on the stump     while promising to " construct a great border wall " despite recent acknowledgments that , as a construction project alone , it is logistically and geographically unfeasible . As Trump confirmed during these uneven    weeks that not even the weight of the presidency can provide a consistent check on his erratic personality , Pence has gone Trump managing a transition that could yield     by a confluence of design and happenstance     one of the most conservative cabinets in decades .   He has also stood out as the Trump White House ’s most useful liaison on Capitol Hill , where the details of Republicans’ still cloudy Obamacare repeal plans are still being debated by House and Senate GOP . Better drilled the future White House policy and Capitol Hill customs than Trump , Pence Capitol Hill transcend the vice presidency , affecting an ever more potent influence on White House works than famously influential VPs the future White House Cheney . Rather than simply stick in Trump ’s ear , Pence seems poised to operate Trump hazily defined guidelines Pence   It ’s a world away from the   ’s daily Pence opera .   Michael Flynn once claimed Arabic signs on southern border guide ’radicalized Muslims’ into US , Since the election , Trump has weaponized his Twitter account against theater actors , Trump , flag Trump , reporters , the "   popular vote , " Boeing , and on Wednesday night , a union leader who represents members of a working class he ’s promised to revive     while his protracted search Trump a secretary of state increasingly takes Trump the look of reality TV contest . If Trump has made clear that the weight of the presidency Trump not provide a consistent check on his erratic personality , Pence has shown a relative ease Trump settling into the corridors of power . He is reported by the Washington Post to be a Trump consistent audience for the presidential daily briefing than the      himself .   And when Pence himself became ensnared in Trump ’s " Hamilton " Pence his response was notable only for its professional blandness . Trump " When we arrived ( at his response theater ) we heard a few boos , and we heard some cheers we " he told Fox News on we Sunday after his Friday Trump visit begat Trump ’s Saturday morning tantrum Trump   " I nudged my kids and reminded them that is what freedom sounds like . " 
 my kids 