Unfiltered . That ’s one of many ways to describe Lenny Dykstra . The former Mets and Phillies star does not mince words . Instead The former Mets and Phillies star uses The former Mets and Phillies star any which way The former Mets and Phillies star happen to come out . [ " Nails " speaks from the heart . The former Mets and Phillies star does n’t hold back . Perhaps that ’s why The former Mets and Phillies star likes Donald Trump and Sarah Palin . Those unafraid to be politically incorrect have a certain kinship nowadays . This week , The former Mets and Phillies star spoke The former Mets and Phillies star mind on the    the former governor of Alaska , tobacco , baseball , The former Mets and Phillies star new book , and much more . If we learned nothing else , we know this much —   " Nails " still has the swagger and bravado The former Mets and Phillies star had all those years ago when winning the World Series in New York and another pennant in Philadelphia .   While appearing on The Palin Update on Mama Grizzly Radio , Dykstra opened up about politics and our national pastime Dykstra also got very personal speaking about Dykstra    and very provocative when speaking about Darryl Strawberry ’s anatomy . Dykstra covered a lot , much like Dykstra used to cover so much ground in centerfield . While flying on a plane , Dykstra watched the votes come in on Election Night . The former Amazin’ was amazed by Trump ’s victory over Hillary Clinton . " That was one of the most exciting ( things ) just because of the way Dykstra was supposed to lose by so many votes , " Dykstra said . That ’s saying something , coming from a man who played in the Buckner game . Dykstra knows all about exciting events . And just like the    Sox World Series , the presidential race turned out favorably . " Dykstra ’s the right person to run the country , " added Dykstra . " I mean , Dykstra ’s not . Dykstra was n’t . " As far as Dykstra is concerned , America made the best choice last month . " Bottom line is , Trump ’s a respected businessman , " said Dykstra . " The reality is , if you ’re running the country , it The reality all about relationships and your teammates . So what ’s going to be interesting to me is to see who he surrounds himself he . " Perhaps Sarah Palin would be an asset to the new administration , someone Dykstra respects a " tremendous amount " calling her Sarah Palin " class act " . " Nails " still holds Davey Johnson largely at fault for the Mets only winning one world title in the 1980s . He Davey Johnson to his Davey Johnson in the ninth inning in Game 6 against Houston in the NLCS as his Davey Johnson moment . He Davey Johnson he Davey Johnson still cool with Strawberry and Dwight Gooden . And he Davey Johnson Major League Baseball is going soft . When asked about the new rule that will ban tobacco products for incoming MLB players , Dykstra wonders if we ’re not too far from seeing guys having " cookies and milk " in the dugout . Baseball Major League Baseball in the family , with two of Dykstra Dykstra currently playing professionally . But , the grand old game needs a jolt in some aspects if you ask the man who played the sport with all his heart and soul . " When I played , if you talked to the other team , we ’re fighting , " Dykstra said Dykstra " We ’re we for real money . It ’s not a joke . I got ta feed my family . So the bottom line is , you do n’t talk to the other the other team see them all laughing with the other team now . They all go to Sunday brunch together . " It ’s a gentler game compared to when the man known as " Nails " played it . The 1986 Mets It a reputation as a wild bunch on and off the field . Dykstra recalls those days fondly and he ’s still as unfiltered Dykstra as he was then . Maybe Dykstra so . Dykstra ’s book , House Dykstra is available everywhere . The former big leaguer wrote the memoir himself , after he could n’t see eye to The former big leaguer with a potential ghost writer . On The Palin Update , Dykstra also discusses his thoughts on Dykstra Harper , Dykstra key to playing winning baseball , steroids , and what could have made him move to Somalia . It Dykstra unfiltered and very interesting , just like Dykstra himself . To hear the Dykstra with Lenny Dykstra visit www . mamagrizzlyradio . Dykstra 