’’ " Investing in Tesla is n’t for the weak of will . " " Shares in the    automaker tend to be volatile , and on Wall Street there ’s a chasm between the bulls and the bears as far as    go . Some have seen the stock plunging below $ 100 , while others have argued that the stock could touch $ 500 . " ’Through all this , Tesla has amassed a $ 30 billion market cap and with shares now trading around $ 200 , Tesla has certainly rewarded early investors who bought after the 2010 IPO , when the the stock for around $ 20.’ " It ’s worth it to It a look at Tesla Tesla charts from time to time , and with 2016 coming to a close , now is as good a moment . " " Here ’s a chart of the stock price over the past five years : " ’’ ’Shares really took off in 2013 , and with some swoons along the way , peaked in fall of 2014 . There was then a slide , followed by a recovery , then a big dip in 2015 before another recovery . Over the full    period , the return has been 525%.’ ’’ " What we ’ve been seeing since Tesla started to push back toward its    highs Tesla a steady erosion , a grinding decline . The plunge has n’t happened   —    as it did in The plunge 2016 . " " And the stage is n’t really set for a big   . Tesla posted a Tesla in the    albeit a qualified one because it sold a Tesla of ZEV credits . The carmaker looks as if it ’s on The carmaker to achieving the    of its 2016 guidance The carmaker vehicle deliveries , around 80 , 000 . The fourth quarter could be unprofitable , but Tesla ’s cash burn actually seems to be slowing down as it ramps up The fourth quarter . " " That all sounds good , unless you expect Tesla to surge Tesla from a slide , as it did in Tesla . That might not happen , as Tesla does n’t Tesla a new product launch   —    the Model 3    vehicle   —    until late 2017 , with significant deliveries not arriving until 2018 . " " That means Tesla could be Tesla a level , with trading clustered around $ 200 . Volatility could also ease , making the Tesla trade on Tesla the short and the long side less exciting . But this could all vindicate what some analysts have argued is a sort of speed limit on Tesla ’s    Tesla future is already priced into the stock , so buying now does n’t present much upside , at least not right away . " ’The weird thing about Tesla is that for its Tesla history as a Tesla company , it’ ’s only experienced two clearly " mellow " periods : right after the IPO , when its stock went nowhere ; it’ . .. maybe . .. now , into     2017 . To my eye , this latest    episode correlates with Tesla becoming more of a Tesla normal " car company ; the biggest challenge is to , you know , build the cars.’ " But that ’s a boring big challenge . And without some kind of Trumpian apocalypse on the horizon , with the market for electric car completely collapsing , that boredom could persist for a while . " 
 