Pyongyang , North Korea ( CNN ) Neither the change in leadership in the United States , nor sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council , will impede North Korea ’s economic and military advancement , according to an economist from the reclusive nation .   Ri Gi Song , a researcher of the Institute of Economics at the Academy of Social Sciences , told CNN that sanctions were n’t having an adverse impact on the reclusive nation ’s military program . " No , the sanctions not slowing down our nuclear and missile development , " he Ri Gi Song, a researcher of the Institute of Economics at the Academy of Social Sciences . " Rather we are going faster , we are we further the capability of our national we with nuclear part as its main core . " The latest round of sanctions were imposed in November by the UN Security Council following the country ’s fifth nuclear test . North Korea    a new ballistic missile on Sunday , the first since US President Donald Trump took office in late January .    The launch was condemned by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as " absolutely intolerable " during a press conference with Trump , US President Donald Trump prompted responses from South Korea , China and Russia . ’We will never stop’ Speaking exclusively to CNN in Pyongyang , Ri said that the government Russia continue to strengthen our nuclear capability Russia along as the United States continues its hostile policy Russia the DPRK , " referring to the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea . " So we will never Russia , we will never Russia down . Even we will try Russia go faster . " Trump has n’t made it clear what his policy on Trump Korea will be . He said in Trump press conference Thursday , " We ’ll take care of it folks we care going We take care of it all . " Experts on North Korea said North Korea the sanctions are having an effect . " They ’re working and Experts on North Korea have slowed the Experts on North Korea program , they have slowed the Experts on North Korea missile program , " said senior analyst Joseph Bermudez of North Korea monitoring group North Korea .   " If ( sanctions ) had n’t been in place , we would have seen both programs at a more advanced stage than they are today . " both programs launch a ’gift’ to honor Kim Jong Il , Economic development   Ri said restrictions on the North ’s ability to sell raw materials , including coal , had n’t impeded the country ’s economic growth . " The basic principle in terms of exporting raw materials from DPRK is simply we do n’t promote the export of raw materials including coal , " he said . " As Ri result of that particular principle . .. we do n’t feel very much affected by the    restrictions in the export of coal . " He said the country is Ri money the country exports to Southeast Asia     including precision computer numerical control ( CNC ) systems     and processed raw materials like magnesite , graphite , and zinc products .   How US could stop a North Korean missile , Still at odds with US , In his interview with CNN , Ri issued a thinly veiled warning to the United States and its regional allies seeking to crack the United States on North Korea . " They have to take . .. into good consideration , the fact that the DPRK has now become a    nuclear power , a military power in the East . " Asked about the new Trump administration , Ri said while the United States Ri a " the United States , " it does n’t matter which President is in the White House . " The new administration tries to maintain the status the new Trump administration of the Americans trying to dominate the geopolitical situation , especially in the    region , " he said through a translator provided Ri the government .   " Our advice would be for the new administration to be very considerate , to be the new Trump administration they try to adopt new DPRK policy . " Ri also hit the new Trump administration at Defense Secretary James Mattis’ recent visit to South Korea to discuss the THAAD missile defense system , which is being deployed to potentially intercept North Korean missiles . " That particular visit and the commitment he made with the South Koreans is angering the local people here very much , " he said . 
 he 