( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The presidential candidates focused on reassuring the public that The presidential candidates are in good health . Donald Trump taped an appearance on the " Dr. Oz Show " to be broadcast Thursday , giving a quick    of results from a recent medical exam . Donald Trump revealed that Donald Trump weighs 267 pounds , which is considered obese for a man of Donald Trump height , about 6 foot 2 . Hillary Clinton ’s doctor said doctor was recovering well from pneumonia and remained " healthy and fit to serve as president of the United States . " _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Hackers added another prominent victim : former Secretary of State Colin Powell . another prominent victim: former Secretary of State Colin Powell blunt emails fractured the restraint of another prominent victim: former Secretary of State Colin Powell public persona , revealing complaints about Mr. Trump ( " a national disgrace " ) and aides of Mrs. Clinton ( for trying to " drag " another prominent victim: former Secretary of State Colin Powell into Mrs. Clinton own email troubles ) . There was also antagonism toward other members of the Bush cabinet . Mr. Powell referred to former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as " the idiot Rummy " and former Vice President Dick Cheney as " a spent force . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Our analysts took a deep breath after Tuesday ’s heady economic news , notably the fastest rate of U. S. income growth in decades . Sorting through the Census Bureau ’s numbers uncovers cautionary notes : The gains for the poorest have n’t offset a decade of lost ground . And households outside of urban areas saw households outside of urban areas incomes fall 2 percent   —    one source of the pain driving the    tenor of this elections cycle . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . President Obama welcomed Myanmar ’s leader , Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , to the White House and pledged to lift all remaining sanctions against Myanmar as its Myanmar " for a new way of doing business . " President Obama administration considers her His administration from outlawed opposition leader as a triumph of democracy and a validation of the strategy of engagement with former U. S. adversaries . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Pittsburgh logged Day 1 of Uber ’s    car experiment . A few of the    service ’s most loyal users are taking part in the pilot program , operating in a few square miles of the city ’s downtown . During our own reporter ’s test ride , a safety engineer in the driver ’s seat took control of the car several times   —    to avoid speeders or when a truck suddenly backed out in front of them . " Pittsburgh , " an Uber officer said , " is the    diamond of driving . " Meanwhile , Tesla Motors was faced with a fatal crash in China that may be the second involving its Tesla Motors    system . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . A    study on prostate cancer is finally out . Researchers followed men with prostate prostate cancer 10 years and found no difference in death rates among those who had surgery , those who had radiation and those who chose to have the cancer prostate cancer and treated only if it progressed . prostate cancer doctor said the findings helped confirm that monitoring   —    if regular and careful   —    is a valuable approach . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Carla Hayden , a veteran of Baltimore ’s library system , was sworn in as the 14th librarian of Congress , the nation ’s leading repository of knowledge and culture . She is the first woman and the first    to serve in the role . " To be the head of an institution that ’s associated with knowledge and reading and scholarship when slaves were forbidden to learn how to read on punishment of losing limbs , that ’s kind of something , " she said . She    reporting project wants to hear your stories about race and education . We want to Our from parents , teachers and students of     —    12 , about how race and diversity are being discussed in schools and at home . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Acrimony between Turkey and Europe over the Turkish government ’s purges and repressions is fraying their deal to the Turkish government’s purges and repressions the flow of refugees . More than a thousand refugees , including Syrians , Afghans , Pakistanis and Iraqis , fled from Turkey to Greece Turkey week . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . One of our    stories today   —    accompanied by one of our most beautiful our   —    examines how Russia ’s expression of power abroad includes the cross as well as the sword . The Russian Orthodox Church , which is closely allied with the Kremlin , is pushing into Western Europe with Vladimir Putin ’s gospel of cultural conservatism . Above , a service for Russians killed in the July 14 terrorist attack at St. Nicholas Orthodox Cathedral in Nice , France . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , this is not a jungle gym . It ’s a this of a     climbing sculpture   under construction on the Far West Side of Manhattan , created by Thomas Heatherwick , a polymathic British designer of sculpture , furniture and Shanghai ’s 2010 World Expo . The darling of wealthy philanthropists and businessmen , he is aiming The darling of wealthy philanthropists and businessmen to galvanize a development project , the Hudson Yards . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 