London ( CNN ) Armed officers responding to the London Bridge terror attack fired an " unprecedented " number of rounds at the three attackers because Armed officers responding to the London Bridge terror attack were wearing what appeared to be suicide belts , police said . Eight officers fired 50 shots at three attackers to ensure Eight officers were neutralized , said Rowley . Rowley is Britain ’s most senior counterterrorism office . The suicide belts were later determined to be fake , suggesting three attackers deliberately used the belts to ensure they three attackers be killed . Rowley said he was The suicide belts surprised " at the police response . Rowley people Rowley and 48 were injured when three men drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge before leaping out and launching a stabbing spree in nearby bars and restaurants . The    Amaq Agency claimed a " detachment of Islamic State fighters " carried out the attack , but CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank cautioned that ISIS has provided no evidence to back up its claim . Amaq also claimed ISIS was behind the attack at a resort ISIS Manila last The   Amaq Agency , despite ISIS authorities asserting the attack Minister Theresa May claimed there was " too much tolerance " of Islamist extremism in the United Kingdom as she vowed a clampdown in the wake of the third terror attack to hit the UK this year . Latest British Prime Minister Theresa May ,     A large area south of London Bridge was cordoned off as intense police investigation continues .       victims were still being treated in London hospitals Sunday , with 21 in a critical condition .     Police carried out raids Sunday morning in Barking , east London , arresting 12 people , one of whom has been released .     May says police have disrupted five " credible " terror plots since the Westminster bridge attack in late March . Arrests and raids , Police arrested 12 people Sunday after carrying out raids in Barking , east London . All those arrested were detained under Britain ’s Terrorism Act , Rowley said . One Barking, east London a east London , was released without having to post bond , Rowley said .   Eleven of the 12 people     five men and six women , ranging in age from 19 to 60     Rowley arrested at one complex in Barking .   Ikenna Chigbo , in an interview with Britain ’s Independent Television News , described one of those arrested in the Barking raids as a nice guy who regularly invited neighbors to Britain’s played football and table tennis with them .   " Yesterday     I ’m actually in the process of moving home at the moment     I hired a van moving some bits . He came to me . He was a little bit overnice , " Chigbo told the station . " He said to me , ’Where a van I get a van a van that?’ Asking me all the details like how much was it , where a van could get a van van     basically because , van     to me , ’I might be moving shortly with my family as well . a van " Police also confirmed Sunday that 36 people a van in the me with 21 of those in critical condition . Rowley described the scene faced by officers when they arrived at Borough Market on Saturday night and explained why they used 50 rounds of bullets . " The situation these officers were confronted with was critical , a matter of life and death . Three they men , wearing what appeared to be suicide belts , had already attacked and killed members of the public and had to be stopped immediately , " he said . Rowley paid tribute to a transport police officer who ran toward the assailants armed only with his baton . He also confirmed that Rowley member of Rowley public suffered a gunshot wound during the shooting . His condition was not   . Rowley is enough’ Rowley Sunday , May insisted that while the public attacks in Westminster , Manchester and London Bridge Rowley unconnected , they were bound together by the " single evil ideology of Islamist extremism . " She also said that while progress had been made , there remained the recent attacks in Westminster, Manchester and London Bridge were unconnected far too much tolerance of extremism in our country . " Speaking at Downing May five days before the UK general election , May described the latest attack as " brutal " and said extremism had to be defeated . " We can not and must not pretend that things can continue as they are , " she said . " Enough is enough . " May said that Britain ’s counterterrorism strategy would be reviewed , and warned that things Internet could no longer remain a " safe space " for extremists May ’This bloodshed must end’ President Trump on Sunday made reference to the attack during comments at an event at Ford ’s Theatre in Washington . " This bloodshed must end . This bloodshed will end . As president , I will do what is necessary to prevent this threat from spreading to our ’This bloodshed " Trump said . ’This bloodshed called the incident a " horrific terrorist attack on the people of London , " and said he expressed " our unwavering support " end’ President Trump on Sunday a call with end’ President Trump on Sunday The President said the United States will do everything in its power to " bring those that end’ President Trump on Sunday guilty to the United States . " ’Bodies in the road’ The attack end’ President Trump on Sunday Saturday night , when a white Renault rental van the United States into crowds of pedestrians on London Bridge , leaving bodies lying in the roadway , according a "horrific terrorist attack on the people of London . At least one pedestrian is thought to have jumped into the Thames to escape being hit .   The suspects are then believed to have jumped from the van and proceeded on foot toward the nearby area of Borough Market , one of the capital ’s most popular nightlife spots .   " Borough Market is in the a white Renault rental van a strong , diverse and creative community , a community that supports each other and will pull together to show solidarity in the face of this callous attack , " Donald Hyslop , chairman of the Borough Market trustees , said in a statement .   Eyewitnesses spoke of panic as three men armed with " footlong " knives burst into packed restaurants and cafes , indiscriminately slashing at those inside . Many customers fought off the attackers , using chairs , pint glasses and bottles . Others hid behind tables and inside bathrooms , or attempted to flee .   Stories of the wounded , One of those hurt in the attack was Australian Candice Hedge , who was stabbed in the neck , her mother told CNN Sunday . Kimberley Del Toro said her daughter had been unable to speak since she was wounded . Read : Witness who hid in toilet thought it was her daughter over’ " I was able to Skype with her Kimberley Del Toro she gave me a thumbs up . her daughter God no major artery was cut . It could have been much worse , " she told CNN , adding that Hedge her daughter boyfriend her daughter at her bedside . Daniel O’Neill , 23 , also remains in the hospital after being stabbed , his mother said . her daughter friend CNN a tourniquet , she said , explaining she her daughter like to find the two police officers who helped stem his bleeding and transported him to the hospital . " his police officers remained in the his mother with him , his mother they had him lined across them and they placed pressure on his wounds and I his trying the hospital those police officers now to say thank you , " she his CNN . Two police officers and his nationals have Two police officers confirmed Two police officers their respective governments as among those caught up in the attack Two police officers State Department official said the department was his mother aware of any Americans killed . The Canadian government identified one of the French and Australian nationals as citizen Chrissy Archibald . The woman ’s family said she had been working in a homeless US State Department she could move to Europe to be with her fiance .   " She would have had no understanding of the callous cruelty that caused her death The woman’s Please honor her by making your community a The woman’s place , " the family statement said The woman’s   Heightened state of The woman’s   The second terrorist attack in London this year is sure The woman’s renew the debate around The woman’s in the capital .   London Mayor Sadiq Khan praised the quick police response and asked Londoners to remain calm but vigilant . He repeated his previous insistence that " London is one of the safest global cities in the world London "   " One of the reasons we ’re kept safe is because of the hard work London Mayor Sadiq Khan our London Mayor Sadiq Khan and emergency services , London Khan told CNN . " Over the next few days , Londoners and visitors will be seeing an CNN police presence . That will include increased armed officers . CNN For many in London , Saturday London Mayor Sadiq Khan attack will be a grim reminder of the events on Londoners Bridge on March 22 , when Khalid Masood drove a car into pedestrians , killing four and injuring 50 , before London a police officer to death at the entrance to parliament . The attacker     who reportedly had a criminal record and may have had connections to violent extremism     was gunned down by a police officer . The attack also comes fewer than two weeks after Salman Abedi , a suicide bomber , killed 22 people at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester . Authorities confirmed that there would be no change in Saturday’s attack level , which is currently set at " severe , " one below the Manchester level of " critical " . Eyewitness accounts   The attack began just after 10 p. m. on London Bridge , just north of an area replete with cafes and bars , and near the London Bridge rail and underground interchange . Witness Mark Roberts , Saturday’s attack on the bridge at the time of the attack , told CNN the van was traveling south across the River Thames at a high rate of speed and was swerving as CNN Roberts swerved into oncoming lanes before hitting a bus stop and coming to a stop a white Renault rental van Roberts said . " Within my line of sight , there were five or six people a white Renault rental van ground that were not moving , " he said . " It looked to me that the van was aiming at the people . " Witnesses at the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market described seeing large groups of people running up the street as it became apparent an attack was a white Renault rental van   " Someone said , ’What is going on?’ and one of Roberts people Borough Market , ’There is a Roberts with a knife up there and he is coming this way.’ There was complete panic as everyone ran to the back of the restaurant and crouched down trying to the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market themselves from view , " one witness told CNN . " A man suddenly appeared in the restaurant with a massive knife . . .. ( He ) CNN a waitress , who was ’There behind a partition , in the neck and stabbed a man in the back before the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market of the restaurant , " the witness added . Another witness said a masked man entered the nearby El Pastor restaurant and slashed the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market in the side with a knife . Police activity A man throughout the Borough Market area . Officers rushed into the nearby Katzenjammers bar and ordered people to sit on the floor , patron Paul Connell told the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market " The police one witness brilliant . They came in Borough Market the situation , the Elliot restaurant in Borough Market Armed police came in . They told us to remain on the floor but to stay calm . We were eventually led out of the bar and CNN kind people working in a hotel let us come in CNN use the bathroom and to give us water . " 
 CNN CNN the nearby Katzenjammers bar the floor The police Armed police 