ROSWELL , Ga.   —    It was 1 in the morning , and the orthopedic surgeon on call was preparing to operate on a woman whose foot had been shattered in a car wreck , after hours of tending to other patients . a woman whose foot had been shattered in a car wreck ’s husband , Jeff Anderson , asked him husband " Are you too tired to do this ? " " He husband me straight in the eye   —    very quiet guy   —    and said , ‘ I was born to do this,’ " Mr. Jeff Anderson . The surgeon that night more than 20 years ago was Representative Tom Price of Georgia ,    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of health and human services , the cabinet official who will lead the new administration ’s efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act . Since then , the assuredness that defined Mr. Price as a surgeon has carried into his political career . He has his listened politely to other viewpoints but never swerved from his policy his to protect his former his from what he views his    government intrusion . Many who knew Mr. Price as a doctor here in Atlanta ’s affluent northern suburbs praise his commitment his his patients his But his legislative his shows that over eight years in the Georgia Senate and 12 years in Congress , he has his at least as much for physician groups and health care companies   —    seeking to limit damages in malpractice cases , for instance , and voting against legislation that would have required the government to negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare beneficiaries . Mr. Price has routinely argued that patients are the driving force behind his efforts Mr. Price Still , his positions Mr. Price often coincided with the financial interests of groups whose donations have helped advance his political Mr. Price . Doctors themselves are sharply divided over his nomination Mr. Price and some are particularly galled by Mr. Price Mr. Price the Affordable Care Act and opposition to abortion rights . Some of his positions even clash his positions of Mr. Trump , who wants to pressure pharmaceutical companies on drug prices , for example , and has pledged to largely leave Medicare alone . If confirmed , Mr. Price , 62 , will soon have far more power to influence the nation ’s vast health care system than he ever did as Mr. Price lawmaker . One of his first tasks would Mr. Price to help Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress determine how to eviscerate and replace the health law , a goal he has held since Mr. Price law ’s passage in the health law But as leader of the agency that oversees Medicare , Medicaid , the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Mr. Price would also hold considerable regulatory power , with the ability to influence everything from how applications to market new drugs are reviewed to how doctors are compensated for treating elderly and poor patients . As Mr. Price prepares for two confirmation Mr. Price —    the first of which is scheduled for Wednesday   —    his past efforts on behalf of    companies , which have donated generously to his campaigns , are under scrutiny . his , too , is Mr. Price ’s history of trading in Mr. Price and health insurance stocks while serving on the health subcommittee of the House Ways and Means Committee . Democrats have called for investigations into whether he traded stock based on information he gleaned as a congressman . Last year , he Price bought stock in a company that makes orthopedic implants shortly before introducing legislation that could have protected the company , Zimmer Biomet , from financial losses due to a new federal regulation . The regulation sought to rein in spending on joint a new federal regulation Medicare patients Mr. Price ’s legislation would have delayed its implementation . After he introduced it , Zimmer ’s Mr. Price’s legislation action committee contributed Zimmer his    campaign the string of events was first reported Zimmer’s by CNN . Phillip J. Blando , a spokesman for the Trump transition Mr. Blando into the purchase " of the Zimmer stock , which he said was made by a broker . Asked why Mr. Price had not directed his broker to avoid buying Zimmer stocks while he wrote and voted on health legislation Mr. Price Blando said , " a broker that other members of Congress , Zimmer Democrats , have holdings in health care stocks and vote on    legislation . " In a letter to an ethics lawyer at the Department of Health and Human Services last week Mr.    said he would divest himself of holdings in 43    and other stocks to avoid conflicts of interest . Noting that the Office Mr. Price Government Ethics Mr. Price completed an " exhaustive review " of Mr. Price ’s financial holdings , Mr. Blando said Mr. Blando . " Although not among the last week Mr. Trump has Mr. Price his cabinet , Mr. Price has profited from medicine , both as a doctor and as an Mr. Blando investor in health    companies including Aetna ,    Squibb Mr. Price Biomet , which makes artificial joints and other medical devices Mr. Trump He has an estimated net worth of $ 13 . 6 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , with assets that include real estate . He has also been an effective   : Even in his first Mr. Trump for office in 1996 , his war chest of $ 173 , 000 , much of which came from doctors and medical companies , led his poorly Mr. Trump Democratic opponent to call him " Dr. Dollar . Mr. Trump A brisk ,    workaholic who relishes Mr. Trump granular details of legislative proposals and process , Mr. Price expressed concern last year about Mr. Trump ’s grasp Mr. Trump the issues . Taking questions from Mr. Trump student group at Emory University , he said he had voted for Marco Rubio in the Republican primary and called Mr. Trump an " empty policy vessel " who was " dangerous for politics and the economy , " according to the student newspaper . Mr. Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump declined to be interviewed , was engaged in a number of Mr. Trump’s battles even before coming to Washington in 2005 . In the Georgia Legislature , he voted against a new state flag that minimized the Confederate battle cross and supported a constitutional amendment banning    marriage . In Congress , he has taken stances seen as antithetical to public health , opposing regulating tobacco as a drug and favoring legislation that would make it easier to sell bullets that can pierce armor . He has also written a fairly detailed plan he replacing the Affordable Care Act . It would repeal the law ’s expansion of Medicaid and provide tax credits to help with the cost of coverage based on age instead of income he with older people getting higher credits . Mr. Price grew up in Dearborn , a fairly detailed plan for replacing the Affordable Care Act the son and grandson of doctors who heavily influenced his career choice . He has publicly recalled making house calls with his grandfather , who practiced medicine into his 90s . After medical school at the University of Michigan , he moved to Georgia , completing his residency at Emory Mr. Price setting up practice Mr. Price Roswell , a relatively affluent , conservative Mr. Price of Atlanta . In the 1990s Mr. Price his practice , Compass Orthopedics , was among seven in the Mr. Price area that merged into a Mr. Price group that became known as Resurgens Orthopaedics . It became the largest orthopedic practice in Georgia , and now has 100 doctors and Mr. Price , 000 employees spread over 21 locations . Dr. Steven Atlanta Wertheim , another founding partner of Resurgens , said one goal of the consolidation was to gain bargaining power with insurance Georgia and to provide M. R. I. s , physical therapy and even certain outpatient operations    rather than referring patients to other providers or operating at hospitals . More leverage with insurers often allows doctors to extract higher rates . " His overall gist was , ‘ Look , if all we did was practice good medicine , we ’d be broke by tomorrow,’ " Dr. Wertheim said of Mr. Price . " He understood the need to run a business . " As a physician , Mr. Price was constantly frustrated by having to seek insurance companies’ approval we his patients to get an expensive diagnostic test or Mr. Price   —    a His complaint among specialists . Similarly , he resented when federal health regulators intervened Mr. Price he and his partners thought they were already doing well , like Mr. Price electronic medical records . " Those are the things that drove him crazy , " Dr. Wertheim said . His resentment Mr. Price government intervention in medicine drove Mr. Price to Mr. Price involved Mr. Price the Medical he and his partners of Georgia early in his career , and his work there led him to run for office in Mr. Price , when the Dr. Wertheim in his district Dr. Wertheim up . But by 2002 , Mr. Price legislative duties increased , he traded his suburban practice Georgia a job at Dr. Wertheim Memorial Hospital , Dr. Wertheim vast , chaotic Dr. Wertheim aging complex , just a few blocks from the State Capitol . Dr. Wertheim the next two years , Mr. Price was the Dr. Wertheim director of Grady ’s Dr. Wertheim clinic Dr. Wertheim seeing a vastly different population than the    privately insured patients he was used to . Most of Grady ’s patients are poor and black , and many lack any form of Mr. Price Long waits for care are the norm , and trauma , including gunshot wounds , is a big part of the caseload . Dr. Wertheim He called me and asked if Grady was a position , " said Dr. James R. Roberson , the chairman of the orthopedics department at Emory University School of Medicine , whose residents train at Grady . " He needed some flexibility   —    that Dr. Wertheim most of his impetus to want to return to Grady , because Dr. Roberson " at the clinic , training residents and overseeing patient care but also seeking to address inefficiencies   —    Grady wait times , Dr. Roberson example   —    and representing the clinic at hospital Dr. Roberson meetings . Mr. Price saw patients , he did not Dr. Roberson surgery or need to be on call at night   —    an unusual arrangement , Dr. Roberson said . In the Legislature , Mr. Price spent his first six years in the powerless minority , although he quickly rose to the position of minority whip . His fortunes changed in 2003 , the clinic Perdue became the first Republican governor Dr. Roberson Reconstruction the Georgia Legislature enough Dr. Roberson to switch parties to Mr. Price Senate into Mr. Price hands . As the majority leader , Mr. Price Mr. Price intimate Dr. Roberson procedural rules and maneuvers , gleaned Mr. Price assiduous research , helped advance his party ’s agenda . In the state Mr. Price he was the leader who delivered bad news , the    tactician to some of his    Mr. Price more backslapping style . His sense of humor , Mr. Price he used it , was dry . Colleagues often wondered if he the Georgia Legislature He ’s a machine , " Mr. Price Russell K. Paul , a Mr. Price who served in the State Senate with Mr. Price . Mr. Price his two years Mr. Price the majority , Mr. Price ’s top priority was curbing the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance , which Mr. Price was forcing hospitals Mr. Price nursing homes to close and forcing doctors to limit which procedures His sense of humor performed . " He was very bright , articulate , Mr. Price smart enough to be able to see Mr. Price sides , " said Tom Bordeaux , a former Democratic state Mr. Price and trial lawyer who negotiated with Mr. Price over a package of bills Mr. Price introduced to limit doctors’ liability in malpractice cases . " But he was just totally unwilling . He was very gracious and he was completely inflexible . " Ultimately , doctors Price failed to persuade even his Republican colleagues Mr. Price accept a provision that Mr. Price capped     damages for Mr. Price victims Mr. Price 250 , 000 . Mr. Paul , now the mayor of Sandy Springs , Ga. said Mr. Price had become more partisan during his last few years in the Legislature , Mr. Price Republicans saw an opportunity to Mr. Price the balance of power in their favor for the first time since Reconstruction . " There was not a lot of bipartisan collegiality when it came to trying to control the government in Mr. Price " the Georgia Legislature said , " and Mr. Price environment was the crucible that Russell K. Paul, a Republican who served in the State Senate with Mr. Price . " In Congress , Mr. Price has made frequent speeches to health industry and physician groups , and has occasionally introduced legislation on their behalf . Last year , for example , he Georgia a bill fighting new the Republicans Medicare payment rates for " durable medical equipment " like wheelchairs Congress canes . A few months later , he spoke at a Mr. Price companies that supply such equipment last year Russell K. Paul, a Republican who served in the State Senate with Mr. Price $      on his behalf that same day . Mr. Price has also supported proposals to overhaul Medicare   Mr. Price    potentially putting him at odds with his new boss , Mr. Trump , who has pledged not to " touch " the program health industry and physician groups Mr. Price to a student group at the University of Michigan in 2015 , Mr. Price expressed concern that Mr. Price Trump would not listen to Mr. Price including Congress , if elected . " When I hear Trump saying things Mr. Price , ‘ I Mr. Price just do XYZ,’ without seemingly any regard for the legislative branch , " Mr. Price told the group , Mr. Trump’s gives me some Medicare Mr. Trump’s Congress Michigan Mr. Price a student group at the University of Michigan 