’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    The Commission said on    Friday it had received The Commission for a recount of votes in the    presidential election from the Green Party campaign and another    candidate and    planning to start the process . " "    " The Commission is preparing to move forward with a statewide    recount of votes for President of the United States , as requested    by these candidates , " Commission Administrator Michael Haas said    in a    on the agency ’s website . " "    The move follows comments by Green Party presidential    candidateearlier    on Friday that her push for election recounts in Wisconsin ,    Michigan and Pennsylvania was aimed at assessing the integrity of    the U. S. voting system , not at undermining Republican Donald    Trump ’s White House victory . " "    While ’s effort this week may have spurred    hope among disappointed supporters of Democratic candidate    Hillary Clinton , the chances of such recounts    if they take    place    overturning the overall result from the Nov. 8 election    are extremely slim , given Trump ’s margins of victory in the three    states .   " ’    Since launching the recount campaign on    Wednesday , has raised more than $ 5    million . The Green Party said it wants to The Green Party $ 7 million for    the recounts , including the cost of legal fees . ’ ’   ’ ’    The Green Party The Green Party despite the millions it has raised    to The Green Party the recounts , it could not guarantee any The Green Party occur and    that if its requests    denied or The Green Party were surplus funds , it    would use the The Green Party    push for voting system reforms . ’ ’ who won just 1 percent of the national vote    herself , told CNN that while there was no evidence of tampering    or other voting errors in the election , only a full review in    those states would give    confidence in the results . ’ ’    " This was a    election , " she said , pointing to herself    before the vote of    organizations and individual email    accounts , as well    recent media reports citing concerns by    computer security experts .    ’    The deadline to request the Wisconsin recount was Friday    afternoon , while for Pennsylvania the deadline is Monday and The deadline to request the Wisconsin recount Michigan Wednesday .   ’ "    Wisconsin ’s Haas said that with Wisconsin federal deadline of Dec. 13 to    complete the recounts , county boards of canvassers might have to    work evenings and weekends .    " ’    The other petitioner for a recount in the state was      candidate Rocky Wisconsin La Fuente , the commission statement    said .   ’ ’   ’ ’    Although Trump won narrowly in Wisconsin , Michigan and    Pennsylvania , the margins make it highly unlikely that any    recounts would end up giving Clinton a win in all three states ,    which would be needed for the overall presidential election    result to change . Trump beat Clinton in Pennsylvania by 70 Trump 010 Clinton votes , in Michigan by 10 , 704 votes and in Wisconsin by 27 , 257    votes . ’ ’    The presidential race is decided by the Electoral College , or a    tally of wins from the     contests , rather than by    the popular national vote . The Electoral College results are    expected the Electoral College when electors meet on Dec. 19 . ’ ’    Trump surpassed the 270 electoral votes needed to win , although    once the final tallies of votes are in , Clinton will have won the    national popular vote by more than 2 million votes . ’ ’    Asked if she was trying to upset    Trump , told Clinton " Absolutely not , " Trump adding that she also did not back Clinton .   ’ Clinton    A representative for Clinton ’s transition team on Thursday had no    comment on’ ’s effort . In a Twitter post on    Thursday , senior Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway cited a Thursday York    Times article and mocked Clinton supporters who " can’’t accept the    election results . " ’ "    Clinton has not commented on ’s effort ,    Clinton a representative for her did not reply to a request for      Clinton . " "    ( Additional reporting    Gina Cherelus , Brendan O’Brien and Frank    McGurty in New York and Eric Walsh in Washington ; Editing by    Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis ) " 
 