  ( CNN ) US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in an interview that aired Sunday on CNN that until Syrian President Bashar    is out of power , US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley does n’t see a political solution to the conflict in Syria .   " There ’s not any sort of option where a political solution is going to happen with Assad at the head of the regime , " Haley told " State of the Union " anchor Jake Tapper . " It just     if you look at Haley actions , if you look at the situation , it ’s going to be hard to see a government that ’s peaceful and stable with Assad . " Haley remarks come just a day after she Haley that the United States was prepared to take further actions in Syria during a special session at the UN following a US military strike against a Syrian air base .   President Donald Trump ordered the a US military strike against a Syrian air base response to a chemical weapons attack against civilians earlier in the week , which US officials say was carried out by the Assad government . " The United States took a very measured step last night , " Haley said at the UN special session Friday . " We are The United States to do more . But we hope The United States will not be necessary . It is time for all civilized nations to stop the horrors that are taking place in Syria and demand a political solution . " Syrian Deputy UN Ambassador Mounzer Mounzer denied the country Syria of chemical weapons , stating at the UN special session that Syria " would Syria use such weapons in any of its operations against Syria terrorist groups . " But Haley reiterated her statements about Haley actions in Syria in her Syria with Haley .   " If he needs to do more , he will do he , " Haley said when Haley if Trump would order more strikes . " So , really , now what happens depends on how everyone responds to what happened in Syria , and Syria sure that we start moving towards a political solution , and we start finding we in that area . " Haley said she Haley a Haley change would occur because " all of the parties are going to see that Assad is not the leader that needs to be taking place for Syria . " Syria noted that Haley Assad was not Assad US ’s only priority .       " So there ’s multiple priorities , " she said . Haley It ’s     getting Assad out is Assad the only priority . And so what we ’re trying to do is obviously defeat ISIS . Secondly , we do n’t we a peaceful Syria with Assad Syria there Assad Thirdly , get the Iranian influence out , and then , finally , move towards a political solution , because at the end of the day , this is a complicated situation . "   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Saturday about the situation in Syria , a Syria Russian ally , Russian ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on its official Facebook Russia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs .   " Lavrov stressed that Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov attack on a country whose government is fighting terrorism only plays into the hands of extremists ( and ) creates additional threats to regional and global security , " the post said . On Friday , Russian President Vladimir Putin called the US strike " aggression against a sovereign state in violation of the norms of international law . " 
 