Boston Globe and Bloomberg News journalist Joshua Green had some breaking news to share on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily about the stark difference in negative campaign ads endured by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton respective primaries . [ To get a sense of how the Republican and Democratic primaries differed , Bloomberg News consulted with a media tracking firm and asked , " How many dollars of negative ads were run versus Donald Donald Trump the Republican primary , and how many were run against Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton   " The disparity could not have been more striking , " he said Donald Trump "   million dollars in ads run against Trump , Donald Trump in attack ads run against Clinton . " Hillary Clinton noted such an imbalance in negative advertising was unprecedented . " Back in 2008 , the last time the Democrats had an open primary , you had Hillary Clinton hitting Hillary Clinton with the famous ‘ 3 a. m.’ ad , and there was a lot of kind of   " he recalled . " Hillary Clinton time , nothing . No attacks . So essentially , Clinton got through the Hillary Clinton primaries unscathed . " Green thought this was not necessarily good news for the Democrats .   " I think there are two schools of thought on this , " he said , adding Hillary Clinton If you talk to Republican strategists , they will say , Republican strategists Look , Hillary Clinton has had Hillary Clinton in negative ads run against her , and her favorability Hillary Clinton are only Hillary Clinton better than Trump ’s . Once we start running ads , they ’re gon na fall ads further , and she ’s in real trouble Hillary Clinton " " The Democratic sort of     —    and I do put some stock in this   —    is that , look , it ’s better to come out of a primary with your reputation , your political reputation intact , " he continued . " Look your political reputation happened to Mitt Romney in 2012 , when Newt and Rick Perry branded him a ‘ vulture capitalist Mitt Romney ’ " SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon noted that Clinton ’s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders went decidedly more negative against her in the final days Clinton his campaign , while 72 Clinton’s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders of his supporters say they do Clinton’s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders trust her his supporters leading him to Clinton that her Clinton’s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders reputation is not Clinton . He noted Green ’s revelation Clinton’s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders the lack of primary attack ads against Clinton was as stunning as the complete absence of media questioning she faced for the Clinton Clinton revelations . Bannon Clinton that Clinton and her surrogates do Clinton seem Clinton to deal with the trustworthiness issues she was never hit with Clinton the primary , based on some embarrassing stumbles they have made lately . Clinton and her surrogates Green countered by citing Bill Clinton ’s    in Clinton and noting , " You do n’t necessarily need to be considered trustworthy to get elected president . " " The problem she has , I would say Clinton is sort of the flip side of the Trump problem , " he suggested . He continued : Clinton got through Clinton Republican nomination because Republicans did n’t want to make a lot of the attacks that Hillary is going to make . The flip side for this is the fact that Bernie did n’t attack Hillary on her secret Goldman Sachs Hillary , Hillary on this Clinton Foundation stuff , and on the emails , means that we still have five months to go where there is gon na be a candidate who ’s gon na raise those issues . Green predicted that if Trump can " show the discipline and the wherewithal to not go berserk attacking , you know , judges with Mexican heritage , and if he can train his fire on the Clinton message he the party wants him to talk about   — he on the Clinton Cash message , basically   —    then I think he could potentially do a lot he damage to her , and you could see Clinton negatives rise even higher . " " It only takes one thing from Trump , and that is " he stressed . " It ’s he one thing he It n’t exhibited a lot he . " " Look , the minute you open your mouth , if you ’re Donald Trump , and you talk about Trump University , or a Mexican judge , or something like that , the media are gon na flock like moths to a flame and cover that , and they ’re not going to cover the media Clinton , " he warned . " This is Hillary Clinton big complaint that Republicans justifiably had when the IG report came out on Hillary ’s email . Did anybody pay attention to that ? " he asked , then answered himself Hillary Clinton " Not really because Hillary Clinton were so busy talking to Trump about the judge and listening to Trump double down , and triple Trump , and quadruple down on these attacks . " Green said he personally found the IG report Green Clinton stunning the IG report Effect " causes him to " dominate news coverage , " for better Green worse . " We ’ve been seeing that since basically last summer , " he observed . " The downside of that is , Green media only covers what comes out of Trump ’s mouth . And if he ’s not talking about the IG report , if Green ’s IG talking about the IG report email , then that Green not going to get the type of     coverage that you want to see happen , if you ’re a Republican . " Bannon envisioned the 2016 election as " the heavyweight title match , in living memory , of two candidates who are both heavyweights and not afraid to go to places other people that maybe have more decorum wo n’t go . " " Oh , absolutely , absolutely , " laughed Green . " That ’s what ’s so fascinating about the race , and that ’s the thing that really does scare a lot of Clinton strategists about Trump , " he said . " Any traditional Republican candidate , you basically know Bannon parameters of the possible attacks . With Trump , it could be literally anything , and that ’s hard Trump prepare for . "   " It ’s also hard to drive your own message , if you it Clinton and the Democrats , because at any moment , Trump could Clinton his mouth and say something that is going to Trump wipe out Trump it is that you think you want to talk about , " he added .   Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 Trump from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN :  
 