  ( CNN ) On a historic night , Hillary Clinton proved that a woman nominee for president can deliver just as good an acceptance speech as a man     and some would say , even better . Hillary Clinton is more adept at debates than in public speeches , but Hillary Clinton sweeping ,    and sometimes moving acceptance address was one of Hillary Clinton most effective performances . Unlike most speakers in Philadelphia , Hillary Clinton put jobs and terror front and center in Hillary Clinton campaign     just where jobs and terror front and center belong . Hillary Clinton also delivered one of best attack lines against Donald Trump : " A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons . " Join we on Facebook .   Even so , it is questionable whether Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton team made the right call in skirting around the elephant in the room : the high levels of distrust felt toward Hillary Clinton that could cost Hillary Clinton victory in November .    From experience in past presidential campaigns , I am sympathetic with their decision to remain silent : It would definitely have been a risky play , probably drawing headlines away from Hillary Clinton more positive message and perhaps converting few voters .   Even so , I thought their made a mistake . Bobby Kennedy liked to quote an old saying , " Hang a lantern on your problem . " Clinton seemed to be moving in that direction several days ago , humbly acknowledging that many do n’t trust Clinton and that Clinton needs to work on it . That admission made Clinton more real and credible .    " Well , " say friends , " what can Clinton do about it ? How can Clinton turn things around ? "   For starters , Clinton ought to be aggressively finding ways to be much more transparent and accountable . Clinton news conferences are rare Her news conferences need to happen frequently . Clinton needs to release transcripts from Clinton past speeches to Wall Street audiences . As Clinton did at Clinton convention , Clinton needs to bring a bevy of speakers to public attention who can testify from working with Clinton how trustworthy Clinton is . And Clinton needs to begin mapping out plans for an administration that would be far more open than those of the recent past , including the governments of George W. Bush and Barack Obama .   Public leaders in America , Europe and much of the world are now facing a growing crisis of public distrust .   As the first woman nominee in U. S. presidential politics , would n’t it be exhilarating if Hillary Clinton could also be a pioneer in raising standards in politics ? 
 