Washington ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer defended Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer comment Wednesday that the Democratic women who wore white to President Donald Trump ’s joint address were " poorly " dressed , telling CNN that joint address looked " silly " and that he did n’t buy joint address argument that it was done in honor of the suffrage movement .   The    congressman from North Dakota also reiterated that The   congressman from North Dakota has n’t ruled out a Senate bid next year for the seat currently held by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp , and The   congressman from North Dakota said Trump has already pledged The   congressman from North Dakota support should The   congressman from North Dakota decide to run .   The women , who represented the House Democratic Women ’s Working Group , said The women, who represented the House Democratic Women’s Working Group were wearing white not only in memory of the suffrage movement but also to show Trump The women, who represented the House Democratic Women’s Working Group support for a number of issues affecting women , such as affordable health care , reproductive rights , equal pay and paid leave . The effort was also a nod to the start of Women ’s History Month , The women, who represented the House Democratic Women’s Working Group said .   Cramer , however , said the women " were really there to be rude to Trump . " " That was obvious , not just , not by their the women , but in addition to their the women , their the women , their the women gestures , their the women down , their the women exit from the gallery ahead of the President , " he Cramer . " Their the women in general . " Earlier Wednesday , Cramer Cramer fun at the women ’s outfits     which consisted of a mix of white dresses , dress suits and pantsuits     during a radio town hall , saying their the women’s outfits    which consisted of a mix of white dresses, dress suits and pantsuits    during a radio town hall effort was akin to a " disease . "   " But by the way , did you notice how poorly several of them the women’s outfits    which consisted of a mix of white dresses, dress suits and pantsuits    during a radio town hall dressed as well ? " he Cramer , responding to a constituent on the call . " It is a syndrome . There is no question , there is a disease associated with the notion that a bunch of women would wear    white pantsuits in solidarity with Hillary Clinton to celebrate her Hillary Clinton . You can not get that weird . " Cramer acknowledged some Democrats stood up and applauded during parts of Trump ’s speech , and said both parties could work together on issues like jobs and infrastructure .    Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz responded to Cramer Cramer during CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " on Wednesday , saying the North Dakota Republican just did n’t get it . " He obviously Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz the point , " the Florida Democrat told Burnett . " When we are sitting right in front of ( Trump ) with a sea of white attire , that we are we going to allow him to Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz back women ’s progress in this country , it ’s actually patriotic and shows that we care about the issues that are important to women and wo n’t let them roll women our progress we " Wasserman Schultz jokingly added that she chose Wasserman Schultz wear a sleeveless white dress     " that I have gotten lots of compliments on . "    House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi responded to Cramer ’s comments on Twitter .   " Thank you for illustrating why we so badly need to honor # WomensHistoryMonth , " Pelosi tweeted House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi along with a link to a Politico article about his comment House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi    Rep. Lois Frankel ,    leads the working group and said in a statement that " instead of being a fashion critic , Mr. Cramer Cramer’s attention to our message . " She added House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi they wore white Rep. Lois Frankel,    in solidarity with the suffragists in unity against Republican attempts to roll back the hard earned progress that has been made on behalf of women and girls . " Meanwhile , Rep. Cheri Bustos ,    tweeted a sarcastic comment about Cramer . " The @HouseGOP is off to a great start for # WomensHistoryMonth . " Cramer , speaking Cramer CNN , said his comment in Cramer radio town hall was " really more metaphorical than literal . " " But at the same time , they looked silly , " he said , Cramer stating that the women were being rude .   " I do n’t buy their argument that the women was a celebration of suffrage . I think they should be the women the fact that there were women members of Congress sitting in a joint session , listening to the President of the United States on equal footing as a    branch     and sort of get over this notion that somehow we have to be offended all the time . "   As for a 2018 Senate bid , Cramer said he has not Cramer ruled it out , a 2018 Senate bid but added that it ’s " a 2018 Senate bid a      issue for me right now Cramer and it wo n’t a 2018 Senate bid for several months . "    He added that Cramer has spoken to him about the Cramer . " He ’s pledged Cramer support should Cramer run for the Senate     and in a big way . " CNN has reached out to the White House to confirm that Trump has already Trump his support . Cramer 