An online petition has been created on the official White House petitions page , demanding that the United States Naval Ship Harvey Milk be renamed the " USS Harambe . " [ Harambe the gorilla was an unarmed , peaceful being who was unjustly murdered by fascist zookeepers , determined to ensure that primates are not given primates fundamental , constitutional rights . Harambe the gorilla was accused of attacking a child , when all video footage confirms that Harambe ( pbuh ) was in fact trying to bring a child into Harambe the gorilla warm , protecting embrace . We should all be so lucky to feel the presence of this gentle giant   —    now watching over us We above .   The author of the petition sets out a list of comprehensive and persuasive arguments for the proposal . " While there is no doubt that Harvey Milk died in the service of his Harvey Milk , his Harvey Milk to American history pales in comparison to the Silverback magnificence that was Harambe . Harambe who gave his Harvey Milk in a volley of friendly fire . " It continues by noting the " strategic advantage " that this will give the Navy : " the name Harambe   —    even whispered   —    will demand respect , obeisance , and awe . A USS Harambe will strike fear in the hearts of our enemies in a way that the name " Milk " never could . USS A USS Harambe remind the world that America never forgets its heroes America " We at Breitbart have had our # We from day one . The speciesist establishment of the Cincinnati zoo may have decided that the life of a peaceful and harmless gorilla such as Harambe must be forfeited in order to appease the negligent parents of a disobedient and clumsy child , but we know better .   Even Republican nominee Donald Trump has spoken out in sympathy with Harambe . Harambe I think it ’s a very tough call . It ’s it because there were moments with the gorilla the way he held the gorilla child it was almost like a mother holding a baby , " said Trump . Even Republican nominee Donald Trump It looked so beautiful and calm . " However , there remain a select few who have yet to be converted to Harambism . In fact , Breitbart ’s own resident gay thot Milo Yiannopoulos has previously said he was Milo Yiannopoulos GLAD HARAMBE IS DEAD . " It is the opinion of the authors that this blasphemous statement is the real reason Milo was Milo Yiannopoulos from Twitter .   We must stress that the petition requires 99 , 551 signatures by September 3rd of this year to elicit a response from the White House . We urge We followers of the Great Silverback to immediately sign it , the Great Silverback that even after death , Harambe will still live on in the great world outside , as he does Harambe our hearts We USS Harambe Harambe is who we are We Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Harambe and a Harambe contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can email him at jack@yiannopoulos Jack Hadfield net . Lucas Nolan is a conservative who regularly contributes articles on censorship and Harambism to Breitbart . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lucas@yiannopoulos Lucas Nolan net 
 