Donald Trump and Mexico ’s President Enrique Peña Nieto met in Mexico City , Mexico on Wednesday afternoon and issued joint statements at a press conference , where Donald Trump declared each country has a right to build a wall on Donald Trump border . [ " Having a secure border is a sovereign right and mutually beneficial , " Donald Trump stated during a press conference, where Trump declared each country has a right to build a wall on its border , adding that both countries respect the right of either country to build a physical wall on its land either country   However , there was no discussion during the meeting of which country would be paying for the wall .    " We had a very substantive , direct , and constructive exchange of ideas over quite a period of time . I was straightforward in presenting my views of the impacts of current trade and immigration policies on the United States , " Trump stated at the beginning of the press conference with Mexico ’s president . " We want to make sure the people of the United the United States well protected . You equally expressed your feelings and your love for Mexico . " Trump Mexico the two Trump are " united by our support of democracy Trump and praised the contribution from    in the United States . the United States amazing people . " the two countries I ’m proud to say how many people I employ in the United States . First , the United States third generation Mexicans are just   …     spectacular , spectacular ,    people , " Trump added , saying he has respect for Trump family and community Trump . Trump disclosed Mexicans immigration and trade policy was Trump during the private meeting between himself and Nieto . " No one wins Trump either country when human smugglers and drug traffickers prey on innocent people , " Trump stated , also noting , " We Trump take action to stem this tremendous outflow of jobs from our country . " " Prosperity and happiness either country of our countries will increase if we work together on the following five shared goals our " Trump stated , as he began listing five Trump he hopes to Trump with Mexico if he Trump elected President of the United States Trump The five goals are : " Both our nations benefit from a close and honest relationship between our two governments , " Trump added . Nieto our that he invited Trump Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump to Nieto with him . Clinton has not yet met with him Nieto but Hillary Clinton did so on Wednesday . Hillary Clinton stated Trump Trump ’s presence " shows that Hillary Clinton do Trump common ground . Our countries are important one to the other . " Nieto explained that the purpose of their meeting was to Hillary Clinton exchange ideas and visions about Our countries relationships of our countries . " 
 