" If you were to look at our game board of all the possible outcomes of the election , this one was n’t even on the sheet . " That was how Mark T. Bertolini , chief executive of the large health insurer Aetna , described the election of Donald J. Trump as the next president . Donald J. Trump was speaking with me last Thursday on stage at The New York Times ’s annual conference , DealBook : Playing for the Long Term . " We started with a fresh piece of paper yesterday . We had no idea how to approach it , " Mr. Bertolini said . Business executives across the nation and the world have been whipping out fresh pieces of paper to map how Mr. Trump ’s election and Republican control of the White House , Senate and House   —    which may make Washington ’s notorious gridlock a memory   —    will reshape economic policy . The stock market has jumped , taking many prognosticators by surprise , in anticipation of the seismic changes Mr. Trump has promised : a repeal or refashioning of the Affordable Care Act , a dismantling of the    regulations for Wall Street , a substantial haircut for corporate and personal income tax rates , and a major infrastructure spending program , among other things . While the new conventional wisdom may be that the nation is about to see comprehensive change , the truth is that the nation is likely to be more incremental than across the board . Take , for instance , the    Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . While you would think much of the finance industry would salivate at the chance to rid itself the finance industry the law , its the finance industry is more nuanced . Most companies have made large investments and changes in their Most companies practices to comply with the the law So it ’s hard to see how even the law the law opponents in the the finance industry press for the full repeal that Mr. Trump said he would pursue . Mr. Trump That omelet has been made that toothpaste is out of the tube , " Lloyd C. Blankfein , the chief executive of Goldman Sachs , said at the conference . " I would n’t want regulation to be repealed in toto , " he added . " Mr. Trump you want to be good for bankers , you have to have policies that would be good for economic growth . " More likely than a repeal , Mr. Trump ’s administration Trump administration he has criticized most . A Mr. Trump administration could try to weaken the Consumer Trump administration , the watchdog agency created by    which Republicans loathe , for example . " The C. F. P. B. probably wo n’t be eliminated , " Ian Katz , a research analyst at Capital Alpha Partners Mr. Katz be horrible politics and optics to get rid of an agency that was established to protect the little guy . " Mr. Katz predicted that the Trump administration would be able to push through a switch that critics of the agency have long lobbied for : a shift Mr. Trump Currently , such growth catapults a bank into a new regulatory category , one that comes with much stricter scrutiny and more elaborate reporting requirements . This rule has been criticized by the banking industry as an impediment to growth and competition . As for the return of     —    something Mr. Trump has talked about   —    do n’t bet on it . " The Republican Party ’s call for a return to a division of commercial and investment banking should n’t be taken seriously , " Mr. Katz wrote . " That was part of a campaign document . Big banks are useful as a populist scapegoat , and Trump may continue to use them in that way . But neither he or his top aides are interested in    2 . 0 . " Piecemeal change may also be true of Mr. Trump ’s pledge to undo Obamacare , which was one of his bedrock campaign promises . Mr. Bertolini of Aetna predicted : " There will be Mr. Trump repeal first , and Big banks think the repeal will be at Mr. Trump minimum Mr. Trump name . " It ’s nearly impossible for the law to be replaced with the flip of a Mr. Trump Because what ’s going to happen in the next year ? Mr. Trump he said . " We have people signed up we have to honor that through 2017 . We ’ll have to a repeal to have something for 2018 . " Mr. Bertolini said a repeal whatever replacement plan might materialize , the government was not going to just stop insuring the 20 million or so people who are covered under the Affordable Care Mr. Bertolini of Aetna . " You ca n’t put them out on We street without insurance , " he said We His expectation is that Medicare Advantage will be expanded . The Mr. Bertolini of Aetna the " repeal " pledge has already begun : Mr. Trump has said in the past several days that he intends to make sure that health insurers will not be able to turn away people with    conditions , the 20 million or so people who are covered under the Affordable Care Act that people under the age of 26 Mr. Bertolini of Aetna still be Mr. Bertolini of Aetna to have coverage under their parents’ plans . About the latter provision , Mr. Trump said he would " very much try and keep that . " In an interview with Lesley Mr. Trump of " 60 Minutes " that aired Sunday night , the    said that the measure " adds cost , but it ’s very much something we ’re going to try and keep . " people under the age of 26 course , the biggest question is how Mr. Mr. Trump going to Mr. Trump a new manufacturing class in America . He has suggested that he is going to renegotiate trade agreements , increase tariffs on goods and deport illegal immigrants   —    both for security reasons , he contends the measure and because they take jobs from Americans . How those ambitions ultimately play out is anyone ’s guess . One issue Mr. Trump Trump has seemingly avoided is that of how new technologies are steadily Mr. Trump American jobs . Mr. Trump The jobs that are routine are going to be replaced by technology , " Eric Schmidt , the chairman of Alphabet , the Mr. Trump company of Google , both at the conference . That ’s a truth that may be at odds with Mr. Trump ’s ambitions . Still , Mr. Schmidt had an optimistic outlook about how technology already provides unappreciated benefits . " Manufacturing jobs are infinitely safer today because robots do the dangerous work , " he Mr. Schmidt the    among C. E. O.s surprised about the outcome of the election , there was Mr. Trump optimism   —    or at least a sense of hope   —    that pervaded their words . " We all know a lot about Trump the campaigner   —    now we have to find out about the Trump who needs to get things done Mr. Schmidt " Mr. Blankfein said . " He will start to think not about getting elected but about what his legacy is going to be , " he continued . " I assume you go into that office and you think about your place in history and things change . " Mr. Blankfein added , " I ’m going to see how it goes before I become mournful . " 
 Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein Mr. Blankfein 