Hey everybody ! We   —    Wesley and Jenna   —    are introducing a new podcast today . We  —   Wesley and Jenna  —    ’s called Still Processing , and We  —   Wesley and Jenna  —    ’s a show about our promiscuous definition of " culture . " We ’re both writers at The New York Times , with very different focuses . Jenna is obsessed with Beyoncé , the evolution of the digital world and all things time travel . Wesley likes to think about the relationship among art , news and life in popular culture . The overlap of that Venn diagram is pretty much our show . our ’ll be talking about the TV our ’re watching , the movies our saw , the music our ’ve heard , the books our ’re reading tech etiquette , like how to slide into DMs and whether you should ( quick answer : If you have to ask , as Wesley did , then no ) . our ’ll get into the purpose   —    the real purpose   —    of Snapchat , the legacy of stars like Gene Wilder , the actual point of DJ Khaled ( is there one ? ) and whether there ever was such a thing as good hair . But when tragedy strikes and the country threatens to go dark , our ’re going to shine a light there , too . Anytime something like the Orlando shooting happens or Trump and Clinton start tussling about who ’s a better friend to black voters , we ’re going to talk about it . In we first episode   —    out today ( ! )   —    we discuss the flaps around Colin Kaepernick and Leslie Jones and unpack the repercussions of public patriotism and dissent . And because the two of us have a budding office romance , us decided to invite Tika Sumpter , who plays Michelle Obama in " Southside With You , " the romantic drama about Michelle and Barack ’s first date , to talk about Michelle worst first date . One thing we should note about we dip into the podcasting pool : we like the studio , but we love the world outside of the studio . we ’re taking field trips to museums and restaurants and people ’s houses . we ’ll also invite on guests : the colleagues we admire at The New York Times , filmmakers , artists , writers , scientists , and regular people in we daily lives , like Jenna ’s energy healer ( no joke ) . we ’ll debut new episodes of Still Processing on Thursdays , on all the usual places you find podcasts , including iTunes , Google Play Music , Stitcher and The New York Times itself . One more thing : we want to hear from you ! You can find we on Twitter ( @jennydeluxe @wesley_morris ) . we also set up a hotline for comments and questions at     but just know that if you leave we a voice mail message , we might have to play it on the show . From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . your podcast app ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " Still Processing " and select it the screen the list of results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , tap on the episode title from the list on the the series page If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . a new episode Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    your podcast app called " Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link may help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for " Still Processing " and select it from the list "Still Processing" results . You may have to scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , click on the episode title from the list on the series page . the series page an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 