Updated , 10:04 a. m. Good morning on this phenomenal Monday . For the first time in decades , the New York presidential primaries will be consequential to both the Democratic and the Republican nominations . " If you have a legitimate chance of victory , this is really your     time , " Mr. Birdsell , said of the candidates . So we ’ve heard them debate our values , weigh into local politics and barnstorm the candidates public we with booming speeches . It ’s all to connect with New York ’s diverse voters . " You ’ve got liberal pockets , conservative pockets , upstate , downstate and the city , " Mr. Birdsell said . " That keeps the conversation alive   . " It ’s crunchtime . Our primaries come late in the voting calendar . And we ’re a    state , with 95 Republican and 291 Democratic delegates up for grabs . Donald J. Trump , for one , is looking for a big win here to avoid a contested convention and push past a troubling few weeks for his campaign . Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Donald J. Trump Kasich of Ohio are also fighting , particularly to peel away as many delegates as possible from Mr. Trump . And a big win in New York could Donald J. Trump Bernie Sanders of Vermont fight for another day for the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton . Especially if you ’re part of a crucial voting bloc , New York City could shape the outcome . The fun starts Tuesday . Here ’s what else is happening : Today will be just about perfect , at least in our books   —    sunny , glowing skies with a high near 78 . In : SPF , floral    and lunch outdoors . Out : Wool socks , dark colors and afternoon meetings . • The presidential race has taken on a distinctly New York character in the prelude to Tuesday ’s primary . [ New York Times ] • The persistence of homeless people at New York City ’s major transit hubs reflects an intractable problem . [ New York Times ] • The police are easing their handling [New York Times] New York Times swipe . [ • York Times ] • The police in Queens react to the catastrophic earthquake that killed hundreds and injured New York Times country . [ New York Times ] • New York City officers shot and killed a man in Queens hundreds [ New [New York Times] • for Mr. Sanders in Prospect Park , Brooklyn , on Sunday . [ DNA Info Queens • [New York Times] •   . Mets meet Indians ,   . Islanders desert Panthers ,    ( in overtime ) . • For a global look at what ’s happening , see Your Monday Briefing . • A group exhibition of    paintings and sculpture is at the Queens College Art Center in Flushing . 9 a. m. [ Free ] • Take a ukulele class , for beginners and experienced students , at the Jerome Park Library in the Bronx . 6 p. m. [ Free ] • Join the Warm Your Heart Project and knit or crochet scarves for the city ’s homeless at the Mariners Harbor Library on Staten Island . 6:30 p. m. [ Free ] • The author Michael Cunningham speaks with Frank Delaney at the Irish Arts Center in Midtown Manhattan . the Jerome Park Library in the Bronx a novice shuffleboard tournament at the Diamond in Greenpoint , Brooklyn . 7:30 p. m. [ $ 3 ] • Candidate tracker : Mrs. Clinton will speak at the New York Hilton Midtown at 12 p. m. Mr. Sanders will hold a rally at Hunter ’s Point South Park in Long Island City , Queens , at 5 p. m. and Mr. Trump is holding a rally in Buffalo . • For more events , Mr. Sanders York Times ’s Arts   Entertainment guide . • Subway   and PATH   • Railroads : L. I. R. R.    N. J. Transit , Amtrak • Roads : Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s . •    parking : in effect until April • . • Ferries : Staten Island Ferry , New York Waterway , East River Ferry • Airports : La Guardia , J. F. K. Newark Take a long stroll in Manhattan , and you may walk past a building that an American president once • home . During the city ’s brief reign as the nation ’s capital , George Washington and his family lived at 3 Cherry Street in Lower Manhattan . In Kips Bay , a townhouse at 123 Lexington Avenue was the home of Chester A. Arthur and Manhattan took the oath of office in 1881 . A few blocks south , George Washington townhouse at 28 East 20th Street ( now a replica ) was the childhood home of Theodore Roosevelt , the only president born in New York City . And George Washington the others , an apartment at 142 West 109th Street in Morningside Heights was where President Obama lived when he was a junior at Columbia University . It was even available for rent in 2010 . At the time the landlord did not charge a presidential premium . New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a. m. till President Obama morning . You can receive it via email . For updates throughout the day , like us on Facebook . What would you like to see here to start your day ? Post a comment , email us at nytoday@nytimes . com , or reach us via Twitter using New York Today NYToday .   Follow the New York Today columnists , Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter . You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday . com us 
 us Twitter 