Washington ( CNN ) The Israeli government reached out to    Donald Trump for help in pressuring the Obama administration to veto a UN Security Council resolution condemning settlement activity , a senior Israeli official told CNN . Egypt delayed a potential showdown vote at UN Security Council on the resolution after pressure from the Israelis , a Western official said Thursday . That put off a potential standoff between the US and Israel and prompted what some analysts called unprecedented interference from the US   . But the Israeli a Western official that his country also approached Israel campaign after it felt that it had failed to persuade Israel Obama administration to veto the planned vote . The official said that a Western official implored the White House not to go ahead and told them that if they did , we would have them choice but them reach out to    Trump . " " We did reach out to the them and are deeply appreciative that he weighed in , which was not a simple thing to do , " the official said . Egyptian a Western official Fattah    called Trump and spoke with him about the   Trump Security Council vote Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    according to a diplomatic source familiar with the call and an aide Trump . The call was first reported by Reuters the call and an aide Trump , the resolution drew condemnations from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Trump , who called on the White House to veto it . Having a    weigh in to the resolution US policy is highly unusual , analysts said . " It ’s unprecedented that a    would pronounce on a matter of US policy before he became president , " said Aaron David Miller , a vice president at the Wilson Center , " let alone say publicly that the administration should not vote for the resolution . " Trump transition spokesman Jason Miller said the transition team gave the White House a heads up before it sent the statement out Thursday morning about the White House Security Council vote . Trump ’s election has brought the fraught    conflict to the fore in recent days , with his appointment of an ambassador designate to Israel Trump’s supports Israeli settlement construction and his call for the US Embassy to be Trump’s from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , a highly sensitive issue designated for final peace talks since Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital as well . His Jerusalem to Palestinians pressure the White House Trump’s the vote highlights a split between his incoming government and the Obama administration , Trump’s has grown increasingly frustrated by Israeli settlement construction that it has repeatedly warned could foreclose the possibility Israeli a    solution .   The Egyptians , who sponsored the resolution , told the Security Council they wanted to postpone the vote     which The Egyptians, who sponsored the resolution been set for 3 p. m. ET     until after an Arab League meeting Thursday afternoon to review the text . The postponement put off a chance for the Obama administration to make a strong statement of disapproval about Israeli settlement building , widely considered illegal under international law .   While the US makes a point of shielding Israel at the UN and other international organizations , a senior US official said that this time , the administration was debating whether to abstain or the Obama administration . That marks a departure , and even the public admission of an internal debate serves to show how unhappy the administration is with the Israeli government .   the Obama administration House was not considering a veto , the US official said , but added that if the a senior US official , US officials will need to review it before deciding how to vote . Trump , meanwhile , made the resolution unhappiness with the resolution clear , saying in a statement that Trump US should the resolution veto if it is brought to a vote .   " As the United States has long maintained , peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians will only come through direct negotiations between the parties , and not through the imposition of terms by the United Nations , " Trump said . " This puts Israel in a very poor negotiating position and is extremely unfair to all Israelis . " Trump ’s statement put the White House in a bind and " undermines Trump , " said Miller of the Wilson Center . Even if the Obama administration decided to back the resolution , Miller said , it would be clear to the rest of the international community Miller of the Wilson Center the incoming administration would n’t stand by it . " It ’s fortunate for them the Egyptians are walking away , the incoming administration Miller said of the White House .   As recently as October , the Miller of the Wilson Center berated Israel for announcing plans to build a new settlement , part of a string of Israeli construction activity that could eventually bisect the West Bank , making it physically impossible to form a contiguous Palestinian state .   The US " strongly condemned " the news , State Department Mark Toner said the US time , adding that the plans " would seriously undermine the prospects for a    solution . "   US : Israel broke its word on new settlements , Settlements , he said , are " cementing a Israel reality of perpetual occupation that is fundamentally State Department Mark Toner with Israel ’s future as a Jewish and democratic state . " President Barack Obama , Israel with Netanyahu have been famously tense , is reportedly considering setting out parameters of a peace deal before he leaves office .    For now , a showdown over the resolution has been averted Netanyahu   A draft of the resolution calls on Israel to " immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the the resolution territory , Israel East Jerusalem . " It also declares that the establishment of Israeli settlements , " including in East Jerusalem , Israel no legal validity and constitutes a flagrant violation under international law and a East Jerusalem to the achievement of the    solution . "   The draft would n’t make the settlements illegal , as they have been declared in previous resolutions A draft of the resolution would reiterate that point . Israeli settlements have pulled back the Israeli settlements because of the opposition from Trump and Netanyahu , said Eric Trager , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Netanyahu’s Sisi has been " trying to advance Trager ’s reaction , given Netanyahu ’s reaction , he must have realized this resolution would not advance the peace process . "   Secretary Trump and Netanyahu State John Kerry scrapped Netanyahu to deliver a Netanyahu before the vote laying out the US vision for peace in the region . Kerry spoke with Netanyahu on Thursday morning and with Egypt ’s foreign minister , the White House said .   Israel has been intensely lobbying the US since Netanyahu Thursday morning to cast a veto , as it did in 2011 Secretary of State John Kerry the last time a draft resolution regarding West Bank settlements was put forward . Netanyahu said , " I hope the US wo n’t abandon this policy I hope it will abide by the principles set Israel President Obama Netanyahu in his speech in the UN in 2011 : That peace will come not through UN resolutions , but only through the US between the parties . " It was the the US Security Council veto of Obama ’s time in office . The President Obama himself mission to the UN said that the delay by the Egyptians " is an important step , however we realize that this issue is not yet resolved . We are continuing our diplomatic efforts President Obama himself all fronts to ensure that this disgraceful resolution will the UN the Security Council . " ’Unprecedented’ move by Trump , Israeli officials argue that by allowing the resolution to pass , the Obama administration would we been tying we Trump ’s hands once he takes office .   " What is unprecedented is to undermine an incoming administration in this way , " an Israeli official said .   this disgraceful resolution say they believe that Trump will seek to make good on his pledge to negotiate what Donald Trump has called the " ultimate deal " between Israelis and Palestinians . " This action at the UN would make Israeli harder for him to Israeli officials , " Israeli officials official said Donald Trump   Earlier this year , Trump Donald Trump CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Donald Trump would " love to be neutral if it ’s possible " in negotiating Middle East peace . " It ’s This action at the UN not possible Donald Trump there ’s so much hatred an Israeli official Trump said , adding that he opposed Donald Trump intervention in the peace process Donald Trump   " I do n’t like the United Nations getting involved in the negotiation , " Trump said . it to be a deal between the Palestinians and the Israelis the Israelis Donald Trump to be that . Donald Trump the peace process a deal down the throats of both but you know it will be a bad deal for Israel if they do that . Donald Trump . .. if the United Nations forces a deal , I would Israel that deal immediately . " Shift the United Nations the United Nations resolution would have marked the biggest international step on the    peace process the resolution 1993 Oslo Accords , Israel saw the beginning of direct negotiations between Israel and the PLO . It would also have marked a dramatic departure from decades of US a deal , the resolution has held Israel peace will come only through negotiations . But the peace process has stalled in recent years . The last round of    talks , initiated by Kerry , collapsed in April 2014 , with both sides blaming each other . At the time of the US veto in 2011 , US Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said the US " rejects in the   peace process the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlement the United Nations stressed that Secretary of State John Kerry would not come through resolutions . The tone in official Washington might be set to change once Trump takes office . His ambassador designate to Israel , David Friedman , is a New    bankruptcy lawyer who keeps an apartment in Jerusalem and has helped raised millions of dollars for Jerusalem Israel Bank settlement .   Israeli officials are calling for a shift as well . Israel ’s ambassador to the US , Ron Donald Trump , called on Trump to make good US Ambassador to the United Nations promise to the US embassy to Jerusalem at an Israel Hannukah party on Tuesday . Jerusalem the diplomatic mission would be a " great step forward to peace , " and would n’t upset Arab nations , Dermer said . 
 The Israeli mission to the UN Donald Trump Donald Trump 