  ( CNN ) Ret . Vice Adm. Bob Harward turned down President Donald Trump ’s offer to be national security adviser Thursday , depriving the administration of a top candidate for a critical foreign policy post days after President Donald Trump fired Michael Flynn .   President Donald Trump has since named Ret . Lt . Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg , who worked under Flynn until the latter was asked to resign , as the acting national security adviser . Asked if there was a candidate for national security adviser in sight , a White House official told CNN , " Not that I ’m aware of . " " Since retiring , I have the opportunity to address financial and family issues that would have been challenging in this position , " Harward said in a statement . " Like all service members understand , and live , this job requires 24 hours a day , 7 days a week focus and commitment to do this job right . I currently could not make that commitment . My thoughts and prayers are with those that carry such heavy burdens and responsibility for taking care of our country ’s national security concerns . God bless our country . " A friend of Harward ’s said he was reluctant to A friend of Harward the job because the White House seems so chaotic . Harward called the offer Harward " s * * * sandwich , " the friend said . A friend of Harward official told CNN that Harward made it a condition Harward taking Harward job that he could form his own A Republican official . In A Republican official end , he did n’t feel that A Republican official the case . And a senior Republican familiar with the process added that " a question of clarity regarding the lines of authority " was central in Harward ’s decision . " I would n’t call it a disagreement as much "a question of clarity regarding the lines of authority" was central in Harward’s decision questions that could not be resolved to his comfort level , " A Republican official senior Republican said . a senior Republican familiar with the process of staff Reince Priebus told Fox News on Friday the administration " told Adm. Harward that we were very interested in talking to him , and we were very serious White House chief of staff Reince Priebus his position we the NSA . " White House chief of staff Reince Priebus He responded , ’well , let me White House chief of staff Reince Priebus to my wife and family , and we ’ll get back to you.’ And we kept in constant contact , " we said . " He called us and said guess what White House chief of staff Reince Priebus I we got some support in the family but others are n’t that excited about it . And he then told us that it was White House chief of staff Reince Priebus that his we could n’t go for . White House chief of staff Reince Priebus he was honored to be talked to White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and it was n’t going to happen . It was a reasonable thing . " Harward served as Mattis ’s deputy when he was commander of US Central Command White House chief of staff Reince Priebus which oversees US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .   Flynn was forced to resign his position in the Trump administration after Flynn said he discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador Flynn Trump was inaugurated and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversation . The White House said Flynn ’s omission about the details of Flynn led to an erosion of trust Flynn Flynn and the President , prompting Flynn ’s Flynn . Following a more than Flynn career , Harward became chief executive of defense giant Lockheed Martin ’s United Arab Emirates division . Harward was already familiar with the role of national Harward adviser and the work of the National Security Council , having previously worked on the NSC ’s counterterrorism office from 2003 to 2005 during President George W. Bush ’s administration . After Flynn ’s resignation , Harward ’s name floated to the top of lists Harward replacements , alongside acting adviser Kellogg and retired Army Gen. David Petraeus , who pleaded guilty in 2015 to mishandling classified information after he shared sensitive material with a woman with whom he was having an affair . Ret . Army Maj he Gen. James " Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst , called Harward an " incredibly talented guy " in an interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . Marks said he did n’t want to speculate why Harward turned down Marks job , but said turmoil in Harward White House was likely a contributing factor .   " I ’m sure Bob looked at this , Adm. Harward looked at this , and said , ’Look Harward Harward lot of this and storming going on right now . ’ " But Sen. James Lankford ,    dismissed suggestions that White House chaos led to Harward ’s decision to not accept the White House , calling it Harward hearsay . " " Am I surprised , 72 hours the role Flynn resigns , that we ’re still in the process of doing a turn for that ? No , I ’m not , " he told Burnett . A senior administration official insisted Friday that the ’m House is n’t having trouble filling the role . The official said the administration is making a final decision and is A senior administration official a few the White House , saying there are one to two others beyond Kellogg and Petraeus who are in the mix . When asked why the administration wo n’t just name Kellogg , the official responded " there ’s the White House with Kellogg . " " A senior administration official just making sure that when we pull the trigger and Kellogg pick the person the White House we have the proper diversity of the White House before the President then makes his decision , " the White House official said . 
 A senior administration official the President 