Ms. Hidalgo , is also chairwoman of C40 , a network of the world ’s biggest cities committed to addressing climate change . As mayor , despite strong opposition , she has closed parts of mayor city   —    including along the bank of the Seine River   —    to traffic . Recently , I asked Ms. Hidalgo about her interest in environmental issues Ms. Hidalgo why women are important to the solutions . Her answers have been edited Ms. Hidalgo condensed . How did you get interested in environment and climate change issues ? Air pollution was the issue that first alerted me to the importance of taking bold action to protect Parisians . Pollution created by heavy traffic has always been a challenge for big cities like Paris . When I was a deputy mayor between 2001 and 2008 , Paris made a lot of Paris by creating the Vélib’ bike sharing system , one of the first in any major city in the world , and the Autolib’ electric car hire system . When I was in charge of urban planning , we pedestrianized the first section of the bank of the Seine , from the Musée d’Orsay to the Eiffel Tower . This was disruptive at the time , but today Parisians and Paris lovers ca n’t imagine this iconic landscape as a road anymore . We know you ’ve introduced " Paris Respire . " What Paris that involve ? What else have you done in this area , and what do you hope to do in the future ? Paris Respire is the reclaiming "Paris Respire streets of Paris , for the enjoyment Paris pedestrians   —    the adults and especially the children   —    and the cyclists . Some of the city ’s most iconic Paris including Le Marais , Montmartre and the Canal St.   are closed to all vehicles on Saturdays    Sundays . This showed to Parisians what it meant to live and commute alternatively This They were given the opportunity , for Parisians first time in living memory , to experience a healthier and more peaceful city , breathing a cleaner air . And we do even more now . Every first Sunday of the month , the    is also closed to vehicles . Most recently , we pedestrianized a second section of the we of the Seine , between Les Tuileries and    creating a wonderful new space for Parisians and those who love Paris , to enjoy . We also launched " Reinventing our squares we " This began with we Place de la République , which was one of the most dangerous or unpleasant places to visit as a cyclist or pedestrian . Today , most of the square is reserved for these users . Our plans are now to expand this we to seven more squares . What are the biggest contributors to the pollution problems in Paris ? There are no surprises here Paris It is cars , particularly the oldest ones . Tourist buses also contribute significantly . All diesel vehicles cause particular problems because the pollution from these is the most damaging to human health . That is why , with the mayor of Mexico City , we announced that we will ban all diesel vehicles from we cities by All diesel vehicles cars entering Paris we display a colored sticker called Crit’Air , indicating the age of the vehicle , engine size and emissions . In order to provide alternatives to private car use , since I became mayor we have expanded the Vélib’ bike hire system to we than 14 , 000 bikes . The Cityscoot system allows people to rent an electric the Vélib’ bike hire system smartphone , making millions of journeys each year with zero people . We will also launch the SeaBubbles in Paris this we : These flying taxis over the River Seine will offer another transportation alternative . How has being a woman hindered   —    or helped   —    you as a mayor of a major city and a leader in environmental causes ? The fact is that women have to work 10 times harder to get the same opportunities as men . And they have then 10 times less the right to fail . women a long time , women were working on environmental issues , because men were not interested in them . It was seen as a career   . And women that attitude , an incredible group of powerful women succeeded in delivering one of the greatest diplomatic achievements in history , when more than 170 nations signed the Paris Agreement on climate change . It has truly inspired a new generation of young women and men to help tackle the climate crisis . Do you see all environmental issues as being especially a women ’s issue , or specifically climate change ? All these issues are humanity ’s issues but they are impacting women more . I ’ll give you some All these issues of their higher vulnerability when facing the potential catastrophes of climate change women In 1991 in Bangladesh , 90 percent of the 150 , 000 people killed in the cyclone were women , because they were more likely to be at home . Women in women Orleans experienced an average loss of earnings of 7 percent in the year after Katrina , a 14 percent loss for    women , while men experienced a 23 percent gain in earnings . In many communities , particularly in    Africa , about half the women are still working in agriculture . Agriculture is uniquely vulnerable to the impacts of climate change , leaving millions of women around the world , and the family members who rely on them for their wages and food , at risk because of millions of women changing millions of women . At the conference , people talked about women being more sensitive , more caring , more collaborative , and therefore more able to negotiate ways to attack climate change . Some critics would say that even though the idea to is enhance the role of women , these are traditional , and perhaps even sexist , ways to view women . How would you respond to that ? The challenges our societies are facing while tackling climate change are enormous . And I ’m convinced that we will all need to show courage , creativity and solidarity . These are n’t traits that are unique to women , but our life experience is different than that of men . For we long time , the life experience of women has been denied , and now it is time to consider what those experiences can bring . An inspiring group of powerful women managed to deliver the Paris Agreement , after years of dead ends and false hopes , they delivered it . In my experience , the successful men An inspiring group of powerful women I the Paris Agreement met have not lacked confidence in their abilities . Through the Women4Climate initiative we are asking young the successful men that I have met talented and potentially powerful women to believe in their abilities , believe in their chance , because our planet young, talented and potentially powerful women them . What challenges young, talented and potentially powerful women you see in light of President young, talented and potentially powerful women ’s sharply differing views of climate change compared with those of President Barack Obama ? Whatever happens at the White House , I am convinced that together , cities , businesses and citizens will save the planet . Their alliance is critical . We know there our planet alternative . together, cities, businesses and citizens will save the planet know that if we do n’t act now , our citizens We never forgive us We At the last C40 Mayors We in Mexico City , We was inspiring to see a group of mayors from American cities come together and repeat their determination to deliver on the Paris Agreement , regardless of what a group of mayors from American cities at the federal level . As my very good friend Muriel Bowser , mayor of Washington , D. C. said at that event , " One election does not change who we are in cities in America . " My message to the cities of America and to the women of America is that there are millions America us around the world who America stand by their side in the fight against populism , against climate change and the women of America the forces that would hold you back . You can count on us . 
 us 