’   ’ ’    One of the most exciting things for Wall Street about      Donald Trump is     Donald Trump promise to . ’ ’    Several top equity strategists , all bullish on stocks in 2017 ,    told   that the   is little progress on tax reform    by midyear . ’ ’    " Republicans should focus on implementing this tax cut in a    significant , speedy , and simple manner if Republicans want it to be    successful , "   the chief US equity strategist at Deutsche    Bank , wrote in a recent note . ’ "    US companies have a tax rate of about 39 % the highest among    developed countries . US companies ’re taxed on worldwide income , but only    if the profits are returned home . A lower tax rate could    encourage companies to repatriate some of the profits companies ’ve    kept abroad to avoid taxes . In theory , that could encourage    investment and hiring . " ’    However , the tax windfall is more likely to immediately benefit    shareholders much more than the tax windfall would the broader economy ,    according to a global strategy note from Pavilion published    Wednesday . ’ ’    " Tax breaks to encourage firms to repatriate firms foreign cash    holdings have tended to overwhelmingly benefit shareholders ,    largely through share buybacks , " a global strategy note from Pavilion published   Wednesday said . " Conversely ,       deals have had little impact on       or    employment . Going forward , we question the efficacy of another    tax break and think       in fact be low . " ’ ’    The    into the last time tax reform triggered a big    repatriation of funds to the US . That was in 2004 , when the    American Jobs Creation Act was passed . US companies retrieved    $ 362 billion , or 45 % of their foreign US companies holdings , according to    Pavilion . Of that , $ 312 billion was eligible to be taxed at a    5 . 25 % rate instead of the 35 % rate of the time . What Pavilion      Pavilion that this break did not increase investment in the    economy . ’ ’    Companies that benefitted the most immediately hired more    workers . But the pace was inconsistent , Pavilion said ,   Pavilion    that some of these new workers the most immediately hired more   workers accountants and    lawyers needed to implement    repatriation . To be fair , the    number of employees they had right before the employees was    higher compared with the trough when the AJCA was passed . ’ ’   ’ ’    At the same time , they steadily increased the level employees dividend    payments to shareholders and hiked share buybacks to boost stock    prices . ’ ’   ’ ’    Analysts at Credit Suisse were slightly more optimistic about the    effect of corporate tax reform on economic growth , although they    think it is Analysts at Credit Suisse likely to be implemented in 2017 than personal    income tax reform . ’ ’    " Given ’ ’    code , and its disparate effects across    sectors , the complex tax code suggested final version of reform is contentious , "    James Sweeney wrote in a note on Tuesday . ’ ’    One aspect of the proposed reform is a    tax on    imported goods to encourage domestic production . Although this    could reduce incentives for companies to base their activities    offshore , a rise companies the dollar could lower import costs and    offset this tax burden . ’       Additionally , border adjustment could cost Trump some    congressional votes from Republicans opposed to the idea , Sweeney    said . ’ ’    " If it gets done in 2017 , whether with border adjustment or not ,    we think the reduction in marginal tax rates will be on net a    positive for the US economy ,    we would consider this to be    some additional stimulus on top of what happens with personal    income taxes , " Sweeney wrote . ’ 
 