Donald Trump heads into the Iowa Caucus with a    lead over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is a distant third . Donald Trump has 28 percent , followed by Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 23 and Rubio with 15 percent . [ Trump Donald Trump lead of 5 points is a reversal of a Register poll in early January . In that poll , Trump Donald Trump Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 3 points . Since then , Trump Donald Trump gained 6 points , while Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz lost 2 points . Outside of the two candidates , however , there is very little change in the rest of the field .   Marco Rubio has gained 3 points over the last three weeks and is currently third with 15 percent support . Ben Carson has dropped a point and is 4th with 10 percent . Rand Paul and Chris Christie are at 5 and 3 percent respectively , with no change since the beginning of the month . Jeb Bush , however , has lost half his Jeb Bush since early January . He Jeb Bush currently last with 2 percent support . Three weeks ago Bush Jeb Bush 4 % support . The race looks to be a very tight contest between Trump and Cruz . Supporters of both campaigns can find items in the final Register poll to make them Supporters of both campaigns . For Trump Trump , its Trump question of turnout . For Cruz Cruz , it is the impact of evangelicals on the race . The Register poll anticipates a turnout similar to 2012 . Ann Selzer , the legendary Iowa pollster who conducted the The Register poll says she does Ann Selzer, the legendary Iowa pollster who conducted the poll see any indication of a huge turnout on Monday for Republicans . The number of      is largely in line with past elections . If Selzer is wrong about this , the poll The Register poll underestimating Trump ’s support . He polls best Selzer voters who have n’t participated in the caucus in the past . The 2012 caucus the caucus ever for Republicans , but if turnout is higher than that , it should boost Trump . the caucus Trump’s importantly , though , is that the Register poll The Register poll number of evangelical voters . The poll expects evangelicals to The Register poll 47 percent of those attending the caucus . This would be down considerably the caucus 2008 and 2012 . In 2008 , evangelicals made up 60 percent of Republican voters , while in 2012 they accounted for 57 percent of   . Selzer evangelicals she ran a poll model using an evangelical number Selzer to the 2012 election . In that case , the contest between Trump and Cruz was essentially tied . Cruz leads Trump among evangelicals by    percent . Cruz positive Trump for Cruz supporters is that in a     hypothetical    Cruz beats Trump by a solid margin among Iowa Republican voters Trump Asked who they would rather see as the nominee , 53 percent of Iowa Republicans picked Cruz , while just 35 percent Iowa Trump . Cruz , however , has been losing Trump over Cruz past two months in Iowa . There has been a 15 point swing Iowa from Cruz and towards Trump since early December . In Cruz Register poll Trump Cruz led Trump   . Since then , Cruz Cruz lost Trump and Trump has gained 7 Cruz The Register poll was conducted Trump through Friday . While the timeline includes the Fox Debate Thursday , Selzer said she did n’t detect any impact on the poll . Selzer is n’t surprising , as debates The Register poll a few days to show up in statewide poll results . The poll did ask about Trump ’s decision to boycott the The Register poll which was Trump the poll began . A plurality of Republicans , 45 percent , said The Register poll did n’t matter to them .    percent said they disapproved of Trump’s decision to boycott the debate, which was announced as the poll began boycott , while 24 percent A plurality of Republicans, 45 percent they approved of Trump percent skip the debate . The final Des Moines Register poll percent historically been one of the more accurate of the surveys of the caucus . The poll correctly predicted wins by Barack Obama and Mike Huckabee in 2008 . Huckabee ’s The final Des Moines Register poll not unexpected , but the Register poll was the only survey to come close to predicting his    victory margin . The final Des Moines Register poll did miss Rick Santorum ’s 2012 victory in the caucus , Huckabee . Its final poll The final Des Moines Register poll Romney would win the caucus by a    margin . While that is within the The final Des Moines Register poll ’s margin of error , the Register showed the caucus Paul running second . The eventual winner , Rick The final Des Moines Register poll trailed Romney in the final poll Register points . The variable that powered Santorum ’s surprise victory in 2012 and Huckabee ’s     win Mitt Romney 2008 was the strength and size of turnout among evangelical voters . In 2008 , 60 percent of Republican    described themselves as evangelical . The Register missed Santorum ’s surge and underestimated Huckabee ’s victory largely because it did n’t correctly predict the number 60 percent of Republican    evangelicals taking part in the caucus Santorum 
 Huckabee The Register 