’’ ’For the second time in less than a month , Jake Tapper has used a CNN segment to clear up an unsubstantiated " falsehood " lobbed by Donald Trump.’ ’Tapper on Tuesday discussed what Jake Tapper called " ridiculous and frankly shameful " comments Trump made to The Washington Post related to the death of White House aide Vince Foster.’ ’Foster , an aide to President Bill Clinton , was determined to have died from a    gunshot wound back in 1993 , according to    officials and a separate federal investigation . Jake Tapper was   from depression.’ " But conspiracy theories surrounding Foster ’s death   —    suggesting the Clintons were somehow involved   —    have been the subject of internet rumors for years . Trump engaged on the subject of internet rumors during an interview with The Post last week . " ’"I don’’t bring [ Foster ] up because I don’’t know enough to really discuss it , " . " I will say there are people who continue to bring it it because they people who continue to bring it up it was absolutely a murder . I don’’t do that because I don’’t think it’ ’s fair . " ’ ’Tapper brought up the fact that five separate investigations all came to the same conclusion   —    that Foster was not murdered.’ ’"The notion that this was a murder is a fiction born of delusion and untethered to reality and contradicted by evidence reviewed in at least six investigations , one of them by Ken Starr , hardly a Bill Clinton defender , " Tapper said during the segment.’ ’"To say otherwise is ridiculous , and , frankly , shameful , " Tapper Tapper , adding that his Tapper of Trump’ ’s comments wasn’’t " " or " " but " . " ’ ’The CNN host said Trump had " lent credence to a bizarre and unfounded conspiracy theory " and said the presumptive Republican nominee was right to say it a bizarre and unfounded conspiracy theory fair to bring up the unfounded theory.’ ’"You’’re right : It’ ’s not fair that you did that , certainly not to Mr. Foster’ ’s widow or their three children , " he Mr. Foster’’s " Tapper held a similar segment earlier this month to correct the record on Trump ’s suggestion that Ted Cruz ’s father was somehow linked to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Trump Trump that claim off of a photo that appeared in a supermarket tabloid that attempted to link Cruz Ted Cruz’s to Kennedy assassin President John F. Kennedy Harvey Oswald . Both Cruz and Cruz father Ted Cruz’s father " " Trump Trump stepped up his Trump on Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton in recent days , hitting her over some Hillary Clinton the controversies from her husband ’s Hillary Clinton House . " ’’ ’A must must watch :   addresses Trump’ ’s comments about an " outrageous and     falsehood " ’ ’For the second time in less than a month , Jake . .. ’ 
 