ASHLAND , Ohio   —    Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence has been hammering away at media bias against Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence running mate Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , and on Tuesday Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence cited proof to hundreds gathered at Ashland University in Ohio . [ " Since the two national conventions , in the 12 weeks that would follow , there has essentially been a    …      that his running mate Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has received a majority of the media coverage , but 91 percent of his his running mate Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been hostile . They Donald Trump has received a majority of the media coverage, but 91 percent of his coverage have missed the other nine percent , " Pence told the enthusiastic crowd .   He his running mate Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the statistic from a new study put out by the Media Research Center ( MRC ) . MRC the Media Research Center (MRC) : In the twelve weeks since the party conventions concluded in late July , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has received significantly more broadcast network news coverage than his Democratic Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , but nearly all of that coverage ( 91 % ) has been hostile , according to a new study by the the Media Research Center (MRC the Media Research Center (MRC) far more airtime focusing on the personal controversies involving Trump ( 440 minutes ) than about similar controversies involving Clinton ( 185 minutes ) . Donald Trump ’s treatment of women was given 102 minutes of evening news Donald Trump more than that allocated to discussing Clinton ’s    scandal ( 53 minutes ) and the Clinton Foundation     scandals Clinton 40 minutes ) combined . Audience shouts could be heard at the Ashland , Ohio rally as Pence spoke of Clinton ’s actions as she served as Secretary of State under President Barack Obama Clinton the destruction of Clinton private email server , the emails sent over it , and Clinton not sending Clinton to Americans who were attacked by Islamic terrorists in Benghazi , Clinton , then lying to loved ones of those killed in the attack about the cause of it . Those audience calls included , " She should be in jail , " " liar , " and " drain the Clinton . " Rally attendee Jim Lawhead told Breitbart News that he came from about half an hour away and wanted to support the campaign . Rally attendee Jim Lawhead said he thought Pence made a good point to mention the new MRC study that showed Lawed percent hostile media coverage of Trump . He characterized the crowd gathered for vice presidential candidate Pence as at least as enthusiastic Lawed those at events for the Democratic presidential nominee Pence Clinton . " I think on the ground the energy for the    ticket is amazing . " He spoke of going to major websites and seeing primarily hostile coverage of Trump . Lawed Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Trump 