A new poll of Florida Republicans shows Donald Trump opening Donald Trump biggest lead in the Sunshine State . A new poll of Florida Republicans , has Trump Florida first place , with 31 Donald Trump support , twelve points higher than Ted Cruz , who is in second place with 19 percent . [ Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio are locked in a battle for third , with Bush edging Rubio 13 percent to 12 Jeb Bush . Rubio ’s standing in this poll represents Rubio point decline from the    poll in December .   The    poll was conducted Sunday , after the   poll last week in Charleston . Nearly 70 percent of those interviewed for the poll reported watching the GOP debate . Opinions of who won the debate the Republican debate last week in Charleston     results . Nearly 37 percent of the Republican debate last week in Charleston Trump won the debate , while 25 percent said Cruz won the debate . The the Republican debate last week in Charleston spread separating Trump and Cruz on debate performance the Republican debate last week in Charleston same margin between them on a hypothetical Trump . Cruz the most interesting finding is that the combined Trump and Cruz for Rubio and Bush is just 25 percent in their home state . This would put them below Trump and just slightly ahead of Rubio and Bush . The findings are a serious Rubio and Bush to Trump by Florida Republicans , who Cruz the primary in a bid to help Bush or Rubio . Florida moved its Presidential primary to March 15th , the first Bush primaries can be Florida under Florida   " rules . Prior to March 15th , delegates in primaries and caucuses are awarded proportionally , i. e. even candidates finishing in second or third place can win delegates . With "   " rules in place , Florida , with 99 delegates , represents potentially the richest prize of delegates of all the early Florida states . Even if Bush or Rubio failed to gain significant traction in other early voting states , taking all of Florida ’s delegates could potentially have evened the delegate count . That plan , obviously , lies Florida tatters . In a cruel twist , the Florida primary may end up killing off the campaign of either or both of the state ’s Florida sons . It is especially telling that , even if their votes were combined , the support in Florida for Bush and Rubio would n’t be enough to prevent Trump from winning the state . Florida combined vote of Rubio and Bush might not even be enough to ensure Florida of them defeats Ted Cruz for Rubio . Bush course , unlike the states voting before Florida , coming Rubio and Bush second in the Sunshine State is meaningless . The wave of support for outsiders Florida the nomination is drowning more mainstream candidates across the country . Together , Trump , Cruz , and Ben Carson command 57 percent of the vote among Florida Republicans . This is more than double the support for Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio , in Florida own state . That is the 2016 Republican primary distilled . 
 Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio 