Jason Richwine , a Harvard PhD who specializes in how the demographics of mass immigration impact societies , says the lifetime cost of an immigration amnesty would be over $ 6 Trillion . [ Yet Richwine tells Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon that in some ways , that ’s not even the most important issue .   Not only would it lower wages for workers , but the cultural impacts are beyond significant and could also mean the complete end of conservatism in America , while a more liberal Republican Party carries on just fine . " It ’s not just fiscal , " said Richwine , speaking of the impact of mass immigration . Richwine pointed out that many of the recent terrorist attacks across Europe were perpetrated by second generation immigrants , indicating that the talk about assimilation is overhyped by    forces . Richwine credited Donald Trump for bring up these issues and forcing these issues into the mainstream political discussion and also cited a recent ad by Ted Cruz as extremely effective on the issue . " I understand that when the mainstream media covers immigration , it does n’t often see it as an economic issue , " Ted Cruz says , using audio from the    debate in Milwaukee where Ted Cruz made this point , in a recent ad by Ted Cruz . But , I can tell you for millions   —    of Americans at home watching this , it this a very personal economic issue . And , I will say the politics of it will be very , very different if a bunch of lawyers or bankers were crossing the Rio Grande . Or if a bunch of people with journalism degrees were coming over and driving down the wages in the press . Then , we would see stories about the economic calamity that is befalling our nation . As for Conservatism , said Richwine : We hear how the Republican Party needs to adjust , change and so on , or get the votes of new immigrants , or second generation immigrants . But I think what people forget is , immigrants and their people today tend to be on the Left . They people to support Big Government . They people express socially conservative views but they people n’t often vote on those socially conservative views Sure , the the Republican Party survive . It will just the Republican Party more liberal . But will conservatism survive a major demographic change ? I really doubt it . The entire interview can be heard below . 
 