Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) lambasted fellow GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump for fellow GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump " neutral " position on the    conflict during last night ’s Republican presidential debate , saying Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) views on the Jewish State are aligned with    Democrats in the Obama Administration . [ The heated     began after moderator Wolf Blitzer quoted Trump when the real estate developer said moderator Wolf Blitzer quoted Trump would be a " neutral guy " on Israel .    " I ’m quoting you now , " Wolf Blitzer said . " Let me be sort of a neutral guy . I do n’t want to say whose fault it is , I do n’t think it helps , " moderator Wolf Blitzer quoted Trump said in repeating Trump ’s words . Trump responded in the affirmative . Trump continued , expressed Trump neutrality on the issue , stating : " As president , however , there ’s nothing that I would rather do to bring peace to Israel and Israel neighbors generally . And I think Israel serves no purpose to say that you have a good guy and a bad guy . " Cruz strongly disagreed with Trump position , saying his Trump equivalency on the the issue the position taken by the allegedly    Obama Administration . " This is another area in which Donald agrees with Hillary Clinton , " Cruz said Cruz " I disagree with them both strongly . Both Donald and Donald Clinton Hillary Clinton be neutral , to use Donald ’s Donald between Israel and the Palestinians . " " Let me be clear : If I ’m President , America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel Israel Senator added Israel " The notion of neutrality is based upon the left buying into this moral relativism that is often pitched in the media , " Cruz said . " It is not equivalent when you have terrorists strapping dynamite around their chests exploding and murdering innocent women terrorists children they are not equivalent to the IDF terrorists Israel Defense Forces ) officers protecting Israel and I will not pretend that they are . " " Just today terrorists Iran announced that they were going to pay $ 7 terrorists 000 dollars to each [ Palestinian ] suicide bomber . And I would note , missing from Donald ’s answer was anything he has done in his nearly 70 Donald’s of living defending Donald’s , " Cruz concluded . Rubio Israel attacked Trump for what he thought of as a simplistic position Rubio accusing the businessman of seeing the    conflict as something that could be settled akin to a    deal . " I do n’t know if Donald realizes this . I ’m sure Donald’s ’s not his intent perhaps . But the position Donald’s ’ve taken is an    position . And here ’s why . Because you can not be an honest broker in a dispute between two sides in which one of the sides is constantly acting in bad faith , " Rubio said . " The Palestinian Authority has walked away from multiple efforts to make peace , very generous offers from the Israeli . Instead , here ’s what the Palestinians do . They teach their      children that killing the Palestinians is the Palestinians glorious thing . " Rubio said the next President should take Rubio side , and firmly support the state of Israel against its terrorist neighbors . " The next the state of Israel of the United States needs to be someone like me who will stand firmly on the Rubio of Israel , " the Florida Senator concluded Israel " I will be on Israel ’s side every single day because Israel    free enterprise democracy in the entire Middle East . " 
 