  ( CNN ) When 51 officials at the U. S. State Department decided to protest America ’s policy in Syria 51 officials at the U. S. State Department offered a lifeline to President Barack Obama . Unfortunately , President Barack Obama is unlikely to grasp hold of it . Rarely do presidents have the option of enacting a single new policy with the potential to produce so many positive ramifications in so many areas . Imagine all the good that could come if President Barack Obama admitted that President Barack Obama Syria policy has failed and moved to change his Syria policy .   The right actions could start the process of winding down the Syrian war , stabilizing the Middle East , stopping the flow of refugees and cooling the passions that have fueled the rise of extremist politicians .   The officials who signed the internal memo in the State Department ’s " Dissent Channel " urged the administration to take very limited " " military action to forcefully persuade Syrian President Bashar    to compromise at the negotiating table . That means the administration recommend shooting from a distance , utilizing air attacks and other weapons that do not require bringing troops to the battlefield . These tactical approaches pose little danger to those firing but send a strong message to the other side . This is hardly the stuff of neocon dreams or   ’ agitation .   Their aim is to give negotiations a chance of success by showing an inflexible Assad that Assad must relent , because right now Assad is still    and starving the Syrian people in a way that guarantees not only more death and suffering but also more hatred , more sectarianism , more radicalism and more instability around the world . Doing that would help Assad repair the one disastrous aspect of his Assad . Under Obama ’s watch Syria has turned into the the world wound . According to a study by the Syrian Center for Policy Research , as many as half a million people have been killed there and millions more have become refugees and internally displaced . The reverberations , the rhetoric and the bloodshed , can be felt in countless developments , from Turkey to Britain , from Orlando to Leeds .    The last U. S. ambassador to Syria , Robert Ford , resigned two years ago saying he could no longer support U. S. policy U. S. he is even more he that " the existing policy is failing and will continue to fail . " If Obama had a penchant for introspection which he has not appeared Obama have when it comes to Syria , he might Syria that Obama suggestions from the Dissent Channel letter not only echo what many senior officials in his own administration     Obama    of State Hillary Clinton     have told him , but also Obama an opportunity to accomplish a slew of important missions before he leaves office . Obama the string on many of the world ’s great crises and the tug almost inevitably reaches all the way to Syria . From the      refugee crisis , to the upsurge in nationalistic politics in Europe and the U. S. to the rise in terrorism and the wave of wars sweeping across the Middle East , major developments are propelled by the explosion of chaos in Syria . The president Syria an President Assad acknowledge that U. S. policy on the Syrian war has been an unmitigated catastrophe . Obama ’s decision to keep a mostly    approach to the conflict , even after he declared that President Assad Obama must go , " allowed other players to move into the inferno , stoking the fires of sectarianism and conjuring a brand of terrorism so vile that it made previous terrorist horrors a brand of terrorism mild . The White House ignored Assad ’s barrel bombs and President Assad when he used chemical weapons      even President Assad claiming he had moved them all out President Assad the country . Obama finally decided to take action , but against the    Islamic State or ISIS . On the matter of Assad ’s fate , Washington stepped President Assad , allowing Russia and Hezbollah , Iran ’s Lebanese ally , to jump in to save the Syrian dictator who has spilled oceans of blood . Vladimir Putin , ever more autocratic at home and aggressive abroad , moved into the vacuum . Now Russia sits side by side with the Russia States at failing talks in Geneva to discuss Syria ’s future , and Assad confidently vows he will retake every inch of territory Assad Meanwhile , more Syrians are getting killed , more are fleeing and more extremism is being felt around the world .    As repugnant and dangerous as ISIS is , Assad is the one whose forces are Assad most of the killing .   It is Assad ’s brutality that fueled the rise Assad , as members of the    opposition ISIS to find a way to make military gains . If the United States and its allies had stepped in early enough to the United States those who were fighting for democracy , the conflict would have gone a different way . But Obama came to office committed to pull the United States out of the Middle East the United States spelled disaster for Syria ’s    movement . The tsunami of refugees fleeing to Europe combined with the rise of ISIS     its continued videotaped brutality in Syria and Iraq and its ISIS     attacks in Europe and Syria     produced a Iraq backlash in Europe Europe Fear of more terrorist attacks and concern about Europe numbers of refugees from the Middle East created a combustible force that boosted nativist politicians to the podiums and amplified their voices .   The failure in Syria is one nativist politicians the factors giving rise to dangerous Syria like Donald Trump in the United States and other versions in Europe . The EU is under threat , the global economy is nervous . And murderers like the Orlando killer are soaking up the venomous ISIS rhetoric .   Obama is    as he keeps telling us . Now is the time for Obama to show just how different he is from the Obama Republican nominee who excels at Obama himself . He should admit his Syria policy failed and Obama quickly Obama take the Obama of his own State Department officials and achieve much , including Obama the onerous baggage of his foreign policy failures from Hillary Clinton .    If Obama launches the kind of limited operations suggested by the Obama , he would hand Clinton instead of the current calamity a Obama that has Hillary Clinton potential for putting Syria on track for a possible solution , and would have the added benefit of being more defensible on the campaign trail . The right action could help start the end of   ’s reign of terror in Syria , open a path for a return to stability Syria the Middle East , stop the flow of refugees to Europe and take the wind out of the sails of extremists of all brands . It might also salvage a place in history for Barack Obama ’s foreign policy . Join us on Facebook . . Read CNNOpinion ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 