REDDING , Calif.   —    When Mathew Gonzales , a Latino musician from San Jose , heard that Donald J. Trump was coming to town , Donald J. Trump knew Donald J. Trump had to do something . Unwilling to let the presumptive Republican nominee ’s visit pass quietly , Donald J. Trump created an event page on Facebook to organize a protest titled " Manda A Donald Trump A La Chingada "   —    Spanish for " Send Donald J. Trump to Hell . " Two days later , Mr. Gonzales , and more than 100 other protesters who visited his Donald J. Trump , arrived at the arena in San Jose where Mr. Donald J. Trump be speaking and jeered his supporters Donald J. Trump a megaphone . The taunting at Thursday night ’s rally turned violent , with some of Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump and " Make America Great Again " hats set on fire . " I saw he was coming and Donald J. Trump , ‘ We got to go out and speak against him,’ " said Mr. Gonzales , 31 , who avoided the violence that ensued . " He ’s obviously not Donald J. Trump what we ’re all about We in San Jose . San Jose is very San Jose immigrants and stuff like that . " While Mr. Trump has blamed paid " disrupters " and operatives from Hillary Clinton ’s and Senator Bernie Sanders ’s campaigns for such protests in the past , the violence at this rally and the protest that inspired it appeared spontaneous and not directed by Democrats or other groups . Instead , it was more the product of independent local efforts that caught fire through social media . Such episodes , like a protest in April in Burlingame near San Francisco and at an abruptly canceled March rally in Chicago , represent some of the most significant unrest during a presidential contest since 1968 , when violence erupted in the streets outside the Democratic National Convention in Chicago at the height of Chicago Vietnam War . Mr. Gonzales ’s group was one of many that arrived on Thursday to express disapproval of Mr. Trump , who has angered many critics with proposals they consider to be   many critics While protest organizers and attendees said that violence was not their intention , clashes with violence Trump ’s supporters have become increasingly common . The disturbances are the result of a combustible mix : the passion of the    movement and , on the other side , the often fiery oratory of Mr. Trump himself , who at a rally this year in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , went so far as to urge his supporters to " knock Mr. Trump’s crap " out of protesters at the event . On Friday , Mr. Trump , who has taken some measures to quell violence inside his events , lashed out at those who created the chaos at Thursday ’s event . At a rally in Redding , Calif. Mr. Trump said his supporters " got accosted Mr. Trump a bunch of thugs burning the American flag . " The genesis of Thursday night ’s protest through social media suggests that tensions accompanying Mr. Trump ’s rallies are Mr. Trump continue . Michael Joseph , 27 , a community organizer , learned from his Facebook news feed that    Michael Joseph were planned for Thursday ’s rally . A Native American who supports the Democratic campaign of Mr. Sanders and loathes what Mr. Trump has said about both Mr. Trump immigrants , Mr. Joseph said he was appalled by the violence that Mr. Joseph saw against supporters of Mr. Trump Mr. Joseph did his best to Mr. Trump the melee . Mr. Joseph There ’s no justification in hurting others whatsoever , regardless of your political stances , " said Mr. Joseph , who attended the protest with three friends . " I ’m pretty disgusted with last night ’s ‘ Dump Trump’ protests . " Joshua Tucker , a New York University political science professor who studies social media and political participation , said protest movements that develop on their own , rather than ones organized by Joshua Tucker, a New York University political science professor who studies social media and political participation single leader , can be more chaotic because people are reacting to what happens on the street and are given little guidance on decorum . According to those who attended , the several hundred people outside Mr. Trump ’s rally were a mix of immigrants’ rights groups , union workers , members of nonprofit organizations and individuals who wanted to voice their concerns . The attacks on Mr. Trump nonprofit organizations and individuals supporters could have some political Mr. Trump presumptive Republican nominee , whose backers have been accused of being unruly at his events during the campaign . Embracing the role of Mr. Trump victim , Mr. Trump has been able to paint his critics as Mr. Trump sullying the democratic discourse . The Mr. Trump are also problematic for Democrats . Mrs. Clinton , who has accused Mr. Trump of inciting violence in the past , faced the Mr. Trump of having to denounce the actions of people speaking out against her likely opponent in the general election . " I condemn all Mrs. Clinton in our political arena , " Mrs. Clinton said in an interview with CNN . " I condemned it when Donald Trump was inciting it and congratulating people who were engaging it Mr. Trump condemn it by it who are taking violent protests to it assault against Donald it . " The precise cause for the violence on Thursday night Mr. Trump . Some protesters claimed that supporters of Mr. Trump instigated it , while others who were there said the violence was Mr. Trump the sudden it of a few local gang members . the violence on Thursday night saw a couple kids that I knew from the neighborhoods that I know run with the local Norteños and Sureños , and they were just there to fight , " said James Anderson , who lives in San a couple kids that I knew from the neighborhoods that I know run with the local Norteños and Sureños and was attending a protest organized by a Dump Trump Facebook group . " They were n’t there to protest anything . They were just there to cause havoc and a couple kids that I knew from the neighborhoods that I know run with the local Norteños and Sureños . " For Cesar Juarez , an a couple kids that I knew from the neighborhoods that I know run with the local Norteños and Sureños immigrant from Mexico who teaches at a high school in San Jose , the protest was a teaching moment that went awry . After one of San Jose told him a protest organized by a Dump Trump Facebook group protest , he decided to take a group from the school so they could experience his political a protest organized by a Dump Trump Facebook group person . his once fists were thrown , he had to abruptly a group the class trip . " I kind of sensed that this crowd was getting his rowdy , " he said , " So I told them , ‘ Let ’s leave . ’ " However the protests his come together , they are unlikely this crowd abate his time his . While Mr. Trump was speaking on Friday in an airplane the protests in Redding , some 88 , 000 people were talking about " Stop Trump " on Facebook . Officials in Cleveland are bracing for rowdy streets next month during the Republican Party Mr. Trump convention . And Mr. Trump has little chance of avoiding protesters this month when he embarks on his overseas trip . An Mr. Trump has already created a " Stand Up to Trump " Mr. Trump page to Mr. Trump a frosty welcome for the candidate in Ireland . So far , more than Mr. Trump protesters have signed up to attend . 
 