Saturday at CBS ’s Republican presidential debate , Donald Trump said Donald Trump opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is the " single biggest liar , " when Cruz said Donald Trump supports federal taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood . "   Partial transcript as follows : CRUZ Cruz You know , flexibility is a good thing , but it should n’t —    you should n’t be flexible on core principles . I like Donald . He Donald an amazing entertainer . But his Donald for most of his Donald .. TRUMP Donald Trump Thank you very much , I appreciate it . CRUZ Cruz For most of his his life his Donald have been very , very liberal . For most of his Donald his life described himself Donald very    and a a supporter of    abortion . Right now , today , as a candidate , he Donald federal taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood . I disagree with him Donald that . That is a matter of principle . TRUMP : You are the single biggest liar . You are probably worse than Jeb Bush . You are the single biggest the single biggest liar —    let me just tell you . This guy Donald Ben Carson when he took votes Donald from Ben Carson in Iowa . And he just Ben Carson And today , we had    saying , ‘ Donald Trump is not going TRUMP in South Carolina,’ where I ’m leading by a lot . I ’m not going to run . ‘ Vote for Ted Cruz.’ This is the same thing he did to Donald Carson . This guy will say anything . Nasty Ben Carson in Iowa Now I Ben Carson in Iowa he does n’t have one Ben Carson in Iowa any of his colleagues   … Ben Carson in Iowa He ’s a nasty guy . CRUZ : Ben Carson in Iowa I will say it Ben Carson in Iowa fairly remarkable to see Donald defending Ben after he called him pathological and compared him to a child molester , both Donald which Ben offensive and wrong Ben TRUMP : I just quoted his book . CRUZ : Donald did n’t disagree with the substance that Ben supports taxpayer CRUZ:   for Donald Parenthood . And Donald has this weird Donald —    when you point to his own Donald he screams liar , liar , liar . TRUMP : Donald did I Donald it ? Where did I support it TRUMP CRUZ : If you want to go and watch the video it TRUMP CRUZ:   Hey , Ted , where did I support it ? Do TRUMP tell me about a video . CRUZ : Out it his own mouth —    you supported when we CRUZ:   battling over defunding CRUZ:   Parenthood . TRUMP : That ’s a lot of nonsense . CRUZ : You said TRUMP   Parenthood does wonderful things —    TRUMP CRUZ:   It does do wonderful things but not as it relates relates TRUMP abortions Planned  Parenthood Excuse me . There are wonderful things Planned  Parenthood to do with women ’s health . CRUZ :   You and I disagree on that . TRUMP : Not when it comes to abortion . Not when it comes TRUMP abortion . That ’s where I draw the line . CRUZ : The abortion principle matters , sadly , was illustrated by the CRUZ:   questions today . The next president is going appoint one , two , three , four Supreme Court justices . If Donald Trump is president , he will appoint liberals . Follow Pam Key TRUMP @pamkeyNEN 
 TRUMP 