Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s travel to Donald Trump’s private club in Florida has cost over an estimated $ 20 million in Donald Trump’s first 80 days as president , putting Donald Trump’s on pace in his Donald Trump’s year of office to surpass former President Barack Obama ’s spending on travel for his Donald Trump’s eight years . The outsized spending on travel stands in stark relief to Trump ’s calls for belt tightening across the federal government and the fact that he Donald Trump’s criticized Obama former President Barack Obama costing the American taxpayer money every time he Donald Trump’s a trip . Given variations in each trip , estimating the security costs around a presidential trip is difficult . But a 2016 Government Accountability Office report about a    trip Obama former President Barack Obama to Florida in 2013     one similar to Trump ’s trips     found the total cost to the Secret Service and Coast Guard was $ 3 . 6 million . To date , Trump Trump’s spent six weekends     and a total of 21 days     at     his Trump’s Palm Beach club . The total estimated costs for those trips are around $ 21 . 6 million . Obama former President Barack Obama by contrast , spent just under $ 97 million on travel in his former President Barack Obama years as president , according to documents reviewed by Judicial Watch , a conservative government watchdog . These trips included personal trips    including ski trips to Aspen and the former President Barack Obama annual family vacation in Martha ’s Vineyard , Massachusetts     and work trips , like a visit to Everglades National Park on Earth Day in 2015 . Trump ’s frequent weekend travel makes it all but certain the 45th President will surpass Obama ’s Obama his first term the 45th President likely within months . The spending comes Obama’s spending in his first term asks the Trump government to slash    spending by $ 54 billion , including deep cuts to the State Department , the Department of Housing and Urban Development , the Environmental Protection Agency and the wholesale elimination of other federal programs . The proposed cuts , which are unlikely to be adopted in total , will correspond with $ 54 billion in increases to defense spending . Trump ’s frequent trips to Florida will likely end soon . Businesses in Palm Beach County have been told to expect the president to visit Trump , but that Trump will likely stop visiting Trump that because the weather in the area begins to get stiflingly hot . Instead , many expect Trump will then start making Trump trips to his penthouse apartment at Trump Trump in New York City     where first lady Melania Trump has been living for the first part of 2017 as their son , Baron , finishes school     and his private Trump National Golf Trump in Bedminster Township , New Jersey . Trump is said to be first lady Melania Trump fond of his New Jersey property . first lady Melania Trump New Jersey married there first lady Melania Trump Trump used the country club as first lady Melania Trump to put together his government after winning November ’s first lady Melania Trump . In a sign of his love for the club , first lady Melania Trump has expressed a desire to first lady Melania Trump buried on the property . But as much as his New Jersey property are a budget problem for Trump , they are also a first lady Melania Trump relations issue . the trips president was an outspoken critic first lady Melania Trump ’s travel , routinely slamming his predecessor on Twitter for his holiday first lady Melania Trump home to Hawaii . first lady Melania Trump The habitual vacationer , @BarackObama , is now in Hawaii . This vacation is costing taxpayers $ 4 Hawaii + + + while there is 20 % unemployment , " Trump tweeted in 2011 with an incorrect unemployment figure Trump later Trump later tweeted : " President @BarackObama ’s vacation Trump later costing taxpayers millions of dollars —    —   Unbelievable ! " High costs of security and travel , Despite these comments , Trump and his family have proven to be an Trump later first Trump later to protect . Not only does Trump travel frequently , but New York City officials Trump later said it costs between $ 127 , 000 to $ Trump later , 000 a day to protect first lady Melania Trump when she is in New York and the president is first lady Melania Trump there . Trump has yet to visit New York as president Trump later The extensive needs of New York family have put strains staffing on the Secret Trump later , too . Dozens of agents from field offices across the country , including New York , have been temporarily pulled off their normal New York duties to work    rotations protecting members Dozens of agents from field offices across the country, including New York the large Trump family , Secret Service officials told CNN . Trump later Security Secretary John Kelly the Secret Service this month that the Department of Homeland Security will ask for additional funding to protect Trump . " Homeland Security a lot more agents Trump later not just because of the Trump the Department of Homeland Security will ask for additional funding to protect Trump , although that is additional because he has a lot of children and grandchildren , " Kelly told senators on the Homeland Security Committee . " We need more Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and we need more uniformed personnel . " Kelly also acknowledged the strain the We Service is under . " We Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly a larger Secret Service , " Kelly said , " because we need to get some of these people Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly little bit of time at home with their families . " 
 these people 