A new Pew Research poll shows erosion among Hillary ’s voters , even after the election . [ A    poll finds that a tiny number of Trump voters have come to regret Trump voters vote , while a group four times larger now says Trump voters wish Trump voters had n’t voted for Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton .   A   poll found that fully 99 percent of Trump Trump voters would still pull the lever for him Trump the election were today instead of a month ago , meaning Trump Trump only lost one percent of support in the six weeks since Election Day , the New York Post reported this week . But Hillary Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton support has eroded faster . Pew found that 96 percent of Hillary Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton say they ’d Pew vote for her today Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton However , compared to the mere one percent Trump Trump , Hillary has Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton four percent of her supporters Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton The writer of the Post piece , Salena Zito , noted that some Democrat Trump voters are sick and tired over how they are some Democrat Trump voters portrayed in the media . Zito talked Salena Zito a    married couple from Virginia who are Democrat Trump supporters , and they said they have they had it . " On Nov. 8 I went from a responsible ,    upstanding citizen to an uninformed bigot who gleefully supports Russian interference in our elections and the destruction of our republic . At least that ’s what I have read in the newspaper or seen on television , " Robert from Virginia told Zito . In another conversation , a Democrat named Elizabeth expressed similar frustrations . " It astounds me that the press still does n’t get it , It my party ( Democrats ) are blaming everyone but themselves for my party (Democrats) poor message , poor messenger and the responsibility she bears a Democrat named Elizabeth placing her email a Democrat named Elizabeth in jeopardy   …      it ’s not Comey ’s fault . It ’s it , a Democrat named Elizabeth the woman a Democrat named Elizabeth Hillary . Zito , you may recall , was the writer who during the campaign warned the left that Trump ’s support was a whole lot deeper in Pennsylvania than the pollsters were admitting . It was a state Trump badly needed to beat Hillary , and Hillary tuns out It pegged it Zito . It won Pennsylvania Trump over Pennsylvania , 000 more votes than Hilary in a state most in the media thought she could n’t Hilary . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 