Donald J. Trump convened the first meeting of Donald J. Trump national finance team on Thursday amid persistent Republican concerns that a shortfall in    efforts and a lack of discipline were imperiling Donald J. Trump presidential bid . During the gathering at the Four Seasons Hotel in Midtown Manhattan , Donald J. Trump dwelled little on his Donald J. Trump controversies , including his Donald J. Trump about the Mexican heritage of the judge presiding in a lawsuit filed by former students of Trump University . But a Mr. Christie did allude to the recent bumpiness of the campaign , said an attendee , John A. Catsimatidis , a New York investor Mr. Catsimatidis according to Mr. Catsimatidis , " and they take it back . " A spokesman for Mr. Christie referred questions to the Trump campaign . Mr. Trump Mr. Christie backed off his People the campaign , Gonzalo P. Curiel Mr. Trump statement this week calling it unfortunate that his comments had been " misconstrued . " Among those Mr. Trump in attendance for the meeting were Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , and Woody Johnson Mr. Trump the Jets owner and onetime supporter of Jeb Bush who recently joined Mr. Trump ’s finance committee . Mr. Trump had initially said he hoped to raise roughly $ 1 billion by November for himself and the party , but efforts to date have been well off pace . Mr. Trump’s since revised that figure Mr. Trump’s . " We ’ll raise what we need to raise Mr. Trump’s " Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , said after leaving the Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Catsimatidis echoed a recent suggestion from Mr. Trump that raising We 1 billion was unnecessary because he attracted so Mr. Trump’s . " He ’s got $ 2 billion in free advertising and free TV , " Mr. Catsimatidis Mr. Trump’s He added that he remained friends with the Clintons Mr. Catsimatidis had not committed to a candidate . Mr. Catsimatidis his remarks to the finance group , Mr. Trump expressed confidence in his Mr. Catsimatidis compete in states Mr. Catsimatidis New Jersey Mr. Catsimatidis Maryland and California that are rarely hospitable to Republicans , said an attendee who Mr. Catsimatidis anonymity to discuss the private meeting Mr. Catsimatidis Trump has also hired Mr. Catsimatidis pollster to gauge his prospects in New York , causing consternation among Republicans who worry that he is spending foolishly . 
 Mr. Catsimatidis Mr. Catsimatidis Mr. Catsimatidis 