Washington ( CNN ) Democrats running for competitive Senate seats Friday slammed Democrats running for competitive Senate seats Friday Republican opponents for supporting Donald Trump after a vulgar audio tape surfaced in which Donald Trump was caught making lewd and sexually aggressive remarks . With control of Senate up for grabs , Democrats saw the controversial recording as a political opportunity and struck .   An example of the rapid response came from Catherine Cortez Masto , a Democrat running in a narrow race against GOP Rep. Joe Heck for the seat being vacated by Senate Senate Leader Harry Reid .   Trump bragged on hot mic about being able to grope women , " It ’s clear from Donald Trump past comments that he does Trump respect women , but these comments are beyond disgusting , " Cortez Masto said in a statement . " Lewd and offensive comments like this perpetuates a society in which sexual assault is normalized as ’locker room’ behavior . Instead of standing up to this rhetoric , my opponent , Congressman Heck ’completely supports’ Donald Trump Trump Heck supported Trump prior to Trump audio being released but could not be reached immediately for comment . One of the most vulnerable Republicans running for    is Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , who made headlines earlier this week when at a debate she said Trump was a Trump model for children . She backpedaled a she later , saying she had misspoken she Ayotte has said she will vote she Trump but not Trump endorse him .   Ayotte news of the Trump audio broke Trump Ayotte quickly put Ayotte a statement saying , " His comments were Ayotte inappropriate and offensive . " But that fell short for her opponent , Ayotte Maggie Hassan , a Democrat .   " It ’s unfathomable and utterly inexcusable that Kelly Ayotte could Ayotte vile Trump comments , bragging about sexual assault , and not immediately disavow his candidacy for president Ayotte " she said . " Ayotte calling Trump ’s comments Trump while continuing to support him to lead Trump free world is pathetic and wrong . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan both condemned Trump ’s remarks Trump " These comments are repugnant , and unacceptable in any circumstance . As the father of three daughters , I strongly believe that Trump needs to Trump directly to women and girls everywhere , and take full responsibility for the utter lack of respect for women shown in his comments on Trump tape , " McConnell said in Trump statement . Trump was scheduled Trump appear with Ryan on Saturday , but instead will stay away from Wisconsin . " I am sickened by what I heard today , " Ryan said in a Ryan . " Women are to be championed and revered , not objectified . I hope Mr. Trump treats Trump with the seriousness it deserves and works to this situation to the country that he has greater respect Trump women than this clip suggests . In the meantime , he is no longer Trump tomorrow ’s event in Wisconsin . " Sen. Ted Wisconsin wrote , " These comments are disturbing and inappropriate , there is simply no excuse for them . " Another GOP These comments rival to Trump , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , tweeted , Donald ’s comments were vulgar , egregious   impossible to justify . No one should ever talk about any woman in those terms , even in private . " Wyoming congressional candidate Liz Cheney tweeted , " As the mother of three daughters   two young sons , I ’m disgusted by Trump ’s " locker room banter . " His appalling comments are indefensible Wyoming congressional candidate Liz Cheney " CNN reached out to several GOP Senate candidates for comment but most did not respond , perhaps unwilling to touch the toxic comments from their His appalling comments that did is several GOP Senate candidates Richard Burr ,    Carolina , who is in a close race against Democratic challenger Deborah Ross . " The comments are inappropriate and completely unacceptable His appalling comments Burr said . And Mark Kirk ,    who opposes Trump and frequently speaks out against his abrasive comments , tweeted , " DJT Burr a malignant clown     unprepared and unfit to be president of the United States . "   Kirk is trailing Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth in Mark Kirk polls . Ron Johnson , an endangered Republican senator from Wisconsin , is scheduled to attend a Republican unity rally for Wisconsin Republicans Saturday . Johnson ’s campaign did Wisconsin answer whether he still plans to go .    Other Johnson who tried to pressure their candidates include Katie McGinty , who is Democrats a tight race against Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania .   " The only thing worse than Donald Trump ’s comments are the people who should be standing up to him but instead do nothing . Pat Toomey Donald Trump to say he ’ll stand Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania Donald Trump , but Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania time something like this Donald Trump he runs and hides , " McGinty said . Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania Toomey tweeted , " Donald Trump ’s comments were Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and unacceptable . " Donald Trump Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , a Democrat who is running an increasingly distant second to Republican Sen. Rob Portman , blasted the incumbent for still supporting Trump . " Everyone in America is disgusted with Donald Trump Donald Trump except Senator Portman , " Strickland said . Donald Trump 