Sunday , on CNN ’s " State of the Union with Jake Tapper , " Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton said of Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton rival Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) staying in the race , " there comes a time where you have to look at the reality . "   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : That night [ Tuesday ] Donald Trump said that Donald Trump considers Donald Trump the presumptive nominee of Donald Trump party . Do you consider himself the presumptive nominee of his party ? CLINTON : No . I consider myself as   yourself    someone who ’s on the path . And , obviously , I ’m very far yourself , in both the popular vote , and the delegate count . So I think the path leads the path nomination , but , you know , I ’m going to yourself competing in the elections that are up ahead of us . TAPPER : Senator Sanders issued a statement that night that suggested he ’s not necessarily Senator Sanders to win anymore . He ’s running to Senator Sanders progressive causes on the Democratic platform . Specifically , he named $ 15 Senator Sanders wage at the national level , Medicare for all , breaking up the banks , changing our trade policy , and passing a tax on carbon . Are these issues where you think you could make a deal with Senator Sanders , find some common ground , and get those issues on the platform , should the Democratic platform the nominee ? CLINTON : Well , I certainly look forward to working with Senator Sanders , in the Senator Sanders the convention , in the    to the platform that the    the Democratic Party . It will be a progressive platform . I ’ve run on a progressive agenda . I really welcome his ideas and his supporters’ passion and commitment , because his most important thing for us is to win in November . There is no more important goal . And I was pleased when Senator Sanders said the other day , he ’s going to work tirelessly , Senator Sanders days a week , to make sure that Donald Trump is not president . And I really welcome back that , because that has to be our primary objective . TAPPER : It ’s interesting , because , of all of the people in the world , there is probably no one who knows what Bernie Sanders is feeling more than you Senator Sanders : Right . Right . TAPPER : What   —    wake us back to 2008 , what you think Senator Sanders is going through , because it Senator Sanders , oh , I came so close , but   …      CLINTON : It ’s hard , Jake . I CLINTON , you throw yourself into these campaigns , body and soul . you work   . Your family , your supporters , everybody is so invested in trying to win . And , I ’m very proud of my campaign , grateful that I have such strong support , but I absolutely understand that Senator Sanders has been a passionate advocate for positions Senator Sanders cares deeply about . I think that ’s been Senator Sanders to the Democratic primary process . He ’s brought millions of people into the process , Senator Sanders I think is also very good for the Democratic Party . But there comes a time when you to look at the reality . In fact , in ’08 , I was much closer , in both popular vote , and pledged delegates to Senator Obama than is the case right now . But , eventually , I just decided that I had to withdraw , and support Senator Obama because the goal was to make sure we Senator Obama Democrat in the White House . I ’m going to be very aggressive in reaching out to Senator Sanders’ supporters . But we have so much more in common , and we have we more in common than they do with Donald we or any Republican .   Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 