’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead the Department of    Education , Betsy DeVos , became in danger on Wednesday of being    voted down in Betsy DeVos upcoming Senate confirmation . " ’    The forecast became gloomy after Republican Sens . Collins announced their opposition during separate Senate    floor speeches . ’ ’    " This is not a decision I make Collins , " Collins said . " I have a    great deal of respect for Mrs. DeVos . I will not , can not vote to    confirm her . " ’ ’    After Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia announced his    opposition    DeVos Mrs. DeVos Wednesday , it was expected that no    Democrats would vote in favor of Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia nomination . ’ Mrs. DeVos    A GOP megadonor from Michigan , DeVos is a huge advocate    for charter Mrs. DeVos and voucher programs , which members of    both parties expressed Mrs. DeVos about . ’ ’’ ’ had a rocky confirmation hearing . She    said   " protect from potential    grizzlies " and   of questions . She also faced increased    scrutiny for her vast wealth   —    estimated in the billions   —    She    the potential conflicts of interest She ’ ’    Collins and Murkowski both voted in favor of DeVos to move her    out of the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor , and    Pensions and on to DeVos Senate floor . That vote was a party line      result .   ’ "    With Murkowski and Collins defecting for the confirmation vote ,    the expected tally is   . That would require Vice    President Mike Pence to cast a    vote . If one    additional Republican defects , DeVos’ nomination would be    squashed . " ’    During Wednesday’ ’s White House press briefing , press secretary    Sean Spicer expressed " 100 % " confidence DeVos would be confirmed . ’ ’    " I have 100 percent confidence she will be the next secretary of    Education , " he said , later adding , " I think that the games being    played with Betsy DeVos are sad . " ’ " President Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead the . .. " 
 