  ( CNN ) Cicero , Swift . .. and Donald Trump ? The Republican nominee ’s campaign might be unprecedented , but a key element of The Republican nominee’s stump schtick is rooted in a rhetorical device pioneered by the Ancient Greeks . For campaign watchers in 2016 , the trope has become so familiar the trope typically slides by without notice . the trope is most commonly known among linguists as " paralipsis " ( " to leave to the side " ) a tool employed by the great Roman debater Cicero and    satirist Jonathan Swift that allows a speaker to effectively say two things at once .   The pattern has played out repeatedly over the past 15 months of campaigning : Trump tells you Trump wo n’t say something negative about a rival , and in so promising , does The pattern anyway . Trump ’s used the device in talking about Bill and Hillary Clinton , a former Miss Universe , and past primary opponents including Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson , among others .    More than 80 million people heard    Monday night , in the closing minutes of Trump ’s first    with Hillary Clinton , when he Trump viewers that , despite plans to level an " extremely rough " charge against Clinton Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton , " I said to myself Trump I ca n’t do it . I just ca n’t do it it It it inappropriate . "   A few minutes later , Trump Trump it it a notch .   " I ’m very happy that I was able to hold back on the indiscretions with respect to Bill Hillary Clinton " he told Trump ’s Dana Bash in the spin room as he raised Trump infidelity issue he ’d Trump on stage , " because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton Hillary Clinton I just did n’t want to say what I was going to say . " And there it was : Trump had not discussed the former president ’s extramarital affairs , except , of course , that he was quite the former president’s standing there , discussing the former president the former president’s   " Donald Trump uses Trump repeatedly , and he does it in Trump with another rhetorical figure , which is called argumentum ad baculum     or threats of force , " Dr. Jennifer Mercieca , an expert on political discourse at Texas AM University , told CNN . " He implied that there Trump something that he was going to Trump , that he wanted to say Trump about Bill Clinton and infidelity , but that he was n’t . Trump " It was a threat , " she said , " be nice to me or I ’m going bring out she terrible things . And I think that ’s what we ’ve seen from the surrogates , and from him , since the Trump , so it keeps being lorded over the Clinton campaign ’s head     that this Bill Clinton is coming . "    The device may be thousands of years old , but Trump has employed it in new and , at least The device the modern American context , surprising ways .    " I ’ve never seen anyone in public life use paralipsis the way he does , " Mercieca said . " It ’s a clearly demagogic move . It allows him to recirculate information without It held Mercieca for it . " Such was the purpose It Trump ’s Wednesday night interview with Bill O’Reilly on Fox News , which followed more than a day of being questioned and criticized for his treatment of former Miss Universe Alicia Bill . " So a lot of things are coming out about her , " he said . " his treatment of former Miss Universe Alicia Machado ’m not Bill to say anything . " Pressed to comment on whether Clinton had taken a " cheap shot " by bringing up Machado during the debate , Trump started former Miss Universe Alicia Machado on the former beauty queen after vowing he would n’t . " A lot Trump things are coming out that I was n’t aware of , like they say that she threatened the life A lot of things a judge Clinton got involved in all sorts of problems , " he said .   During an August Trump rally in New Hampshire , when Fiorina was enjoying a brief uptick in the GOP primary race , Trump observed that she had been " a little nasty Trump to him . " So I promised that Fiorina would n’t say , so I said it to myself , I promised I would n’t Trump that she ran    into the ground , Trump he said to hoots from supporters . Trump I said I will not say it     that her stock value tanked . That she Trump off tens of thousands of Trump   and she got viciously fired . I said Trump will not say it . " And yet , he did .   Irony is implicit Trump paralipsis , which is why so many comedians use it to make us laugh and feel in on the joke . A few months later , at a raucous rally in Fort Dodge , Iowa , Trump delivered a kind of oratorical masterclass . First up was Marco Rubio : " I will not call him a lightweight , because I think Trump ’s a derogatory term , " Trump said . " So I will Trump call him a lightweight . Is that OK Trump you people ? I refuse to say that he ’s a lightweight . " And Trump Ben Carson : " Carson is an enigma to me , " he said , prompting someone in the Trump to yell , " Boring!’ Without missing a beat , Trump replied , " I did n’t Trump it ! " Then he smiled and pointed into the crowd Trump Asked months later by a Washington Post reporter if he would quietly concede in the event a Washington Post reporter lost a narrow race to Clinton a Washington Post reporter Trump once again found inspiration in Ancient Trump . " I do n’t want to talk about that , " he said as he then began talking a Washington Post reporter it . a Washington Post reporter I ’m just saying that I would n’t be surprised if the election . .. there ’s a lot of dirty pool played at the election , meaning the election is the election " 
 the election 