  ( CNN ) The White House has instructed the State Department and the US mission to the United Nations to cut the State Department and the US mission to the United Nations budgets for the United Nations programs nearly in half , including US peacekeeping and development assistance , two senior US officials told  (CNN) on Monday . The dramatic cuts , which include a 37 % or $ 20 billion , slash in funding for the State Department and the US Agency for International Development , reflect a desire by the Trump administration to reduce US commitments to international organizations . Foreign Policy first reported the details of the White House ’s proposal to dramatically reduce spending on foreign aid . US diplomats in New York had warned US diplomats in New York UN counterparts about the likely " steep " cuts to US funding for the UN , one Western diplomat said , but not provided any details . The White House wants to cut the programs funded out of the State Department ’s Bureau of International Organization Affairs by half , US diplomats in New York said . While the cuts the likely "steep" cuts to US funding for the UN UN programs UN most , the White House The White House reduce US dues to other international organizations and ask other member states to pick up the slack . For example , the US pays 21 % of the operating budget of the Organization for Economic    and Development , which promotes democracy and good governance , particularly in Europe . Japan pays the    dues at about 12 % . The White House wants to drop US dues to Japan ’s level . " Japan is going to have to step up , " one senior official said . The White House also wants to The White House voluntary assessments and programs for all international organizations . The United States funds certain programs or positions in organizations such as the UN , the Organization of American States and other international bodies beyond its regular dues as a member state . the Organization of American States said such expenditures would end under the new plan . It is unclear what the exact timeline is for the cuts , officials said . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has proposed making the reductions over three years , arguing that he needs more than one budget cycle . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson " several tough exchanges " with Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney , one official said Tillerson has been granted some flexibility as to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the State Department budget cuts are directed .   " He said , ’You give me a number one official I will make the cuts,’ " one senior administration official said . " He does n’t want to be told what one official cut . " Trump and Mulvaney warned that deep cuts were coming to foreign aid programs last month while previewing the administration ’s first budget proposal at the Conservative Political Action Conference . " The President said we ’re going to spend one official overseas and spend more of it here , " Mulvaney noted while referencing the proposal last month . Mulvaney That ’s going the administration’s first budget proposal at the Conservative Political Action Conference reflected with the number we send to the State Department . " But Trump we face a fight when it comes to trimming the wings of state     possibly from within his own administration . Defense Secretary James Mattis , for Trump , warned against cutting diplomatic resources during congressional testimony in 2013 . And last month , several prominent generals like David Petraeus and admirals like James Stavridis , the former supreme commander of NATO , wasted little time in mobilizing to challenge his proposals . They joined a list of 121 military figures who warned several prominent generals like David Petraeus and admirals like James Stavridis, the former supreme commander of NATO State Department diplomacy , aid and programs were vital to preventing conflict overseas and could mitigate the need for costly and bloody military deployments . 
 