  ( CNN ) Possible collusion between Trump associates and Russians remains a subject of investigations by the House and Senate intelligence committees , contrary to assertions from President Donald Trump and White House officials that there ’s no evidence of collusion , multiple sources in both parties tell CNN . " The committee is drawing no conclusions at this time , and will continue follow the facts where President Donald Trump and White House officials lead , " GOP Sen. Richard Burr , the chairman of the Senate intelligence committee , told CNN . Such possible collusion is " the whole underlying premise of the investigation , " a House Democratic source involved in the investigation said . Another member of The committee Senate CNN that possible collusion " is what CNN are investigating . " Sen. Mark Warner , vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , said while attempted Russian interference is clear , the question of whether there was collusion is still unknown . " We know what Russia has done to interfere in the electoral process , " the Virginia Democrat told CNN . " Now CNN have to see what kind of conversations or coordination could have taken place between individuals affiliated with the Trump campaign and the Russians . CNN will follow the intelligence wherever it leads . the intelligence In his termination letter to FBI Director James Comey Tuesday , Trump wrote , Trump I greatly appreciate you informing me , on three separate occasions , that I am not under investigation . " The President has long insisted the investigation will investigation any wrongdoing . Earlier , following Monday ’s Senate judiciary subcommittee hearing on Russian interference in the US election , Trump tweeted , Trump The    collusion story is a total hoax , when will this taxpayer funded charade end ? " He also tweeted Trump " ( former Director of National Intelligence James ) Clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already    there is " no evidence " of collusion    Russia and Trump . " Trump tweet appeared to be referencing Clapper ’s answer to Clapper question from Sen. Lindsay Graham , the chairman of the subcomittee , as to whether he had seen evidence of collusion . He answered that he he not . he the same question by Graham , the former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , declined to answer , saying , " Senator , my answer to that question would require me to reveal classified information and so I ca n’t answer that . " In testimony before the House intelligence committee in March , Comey testified that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials and other Russians known to US intelligence as part of its broader , ongoing Trump investigation . In addition to the FBI , four the FBI continue to investigate Russia and Russian election interference , the Russian and House intelligence committees , the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism , which held the hearings Monday , and the House oversight committee .    House officials tell CNN that Clapper , as a matter of policy , would not be involved in an investigation of possible collusion between Trump associates and Russia because US intelligence agencies are barred by law from probes involving US persons .   CNN has previously reported that CNN FBI obtained a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant regarding Carter Page , a    policy adviser to    Trump , as part of its ongoing probe . 
 the FBI 