Center for Security Policy president and founder Frank Gaffney joined Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday to offer Alex Marlow thoughts on the first presidential debate and a vitally important topic that was not addressed , the impending surrender of U. S. control of Internet registration . [ Gaffney recalled a discussion with Congressman Mike Pompeo of Kansas , in which Congressman Mike Pompeo of Kansas told Gaffney :   Hillary Clinton made the case   —    I think pretty well , actually   —    for more of the same , and if you really want more of the same , whether it ’s in immigration , whether it ’s in trade policy , whether it ’s in national security or generally , whether it ’s on jobs or anything else , Hillary Clinton ’s the clear choice . I do n’t think there ’s any getting around the clear choice . " What I thought Trump could have done better at was making clear how stark Trump differences are with Trump on several of those issues   —    notably , as you ’ve been talking about , immigration . Trump ’s better on trade , I guess , " Gaffney said . " This is the moment where the alternative of change , which is clearly what the American people are looking for , is on offer . And I think if Trump makes that case even better , in debates to come , Trump ’s gon na do fine . " Marlow suggested Trump ’s slam of the Iran nuclear deal as " one of the worst in history " was the sort of moment Trump’s needs more of , given Clinton ’s inability to respond effectively to the criticism . " There were a number of places where he would have had Marlow really on the ropes , had he pressed the attack or been given the opportunity by Lester Holt to press the attack , " Gaffney agreed . " Look , the Iran deal , as you know , Alex   —    Breitbart News has done a wonderful job covering this , as has my colleague Fred Fleitz at the Center for Security Policy , " he Breitbart News , continuing : This is national security fraud , of an epic character . And Hillary Clinton ’s involvement in it , her Hillary Clinton for it it her Hillary Clinton in the Congress going along with it it in a fashion   —    I mean , these are very powerful indictments , I believe , for a woman who runs on her Hillary Clinton of having been this great maven of national security . Ai n’t so . The conversation turned to the impending handover of Internet control to a foreign body , a topic that should be of major concern to American voters , although Marlow sarcastically observed there was no time for it during the debate because moderator Lester Holt thought it was more important to discuss Donald Trump ’s thoughts on Barack Obama ’s birth certificate . " A lot of people in this audience have absolutely no clue why we would do this and ca n’t even interpret what Obama Barack Obama’s the globalists are thinking , " Marlow said . " Well , quite frankly , I ’m among them Obama and the globalists I ca n’t figure out what the argument is for doing this , " Gaffney replied . He Gaffney on to explain the situation : What they Obama and the globalists preparing to do is to cede , or surrender , the last vestige of American control , or even influence , over what is done with critical functions of the Internet . It gets pretty arcane , but the point is , if you think that the freedom of the the Internet    whether it ’s the It of people to communicate freely information on it , or It you think of it as an It for free enterprise , let alone if you understand the contribution that it makes these It to national security   —    including , by the way , the operations of our critical infrastructure   —    you will understand that the United States retaining a measure of quality control as to what ’s going on with how the Internet is populated with names and numbers , domains , websites and the like , is a very important thing . And for absolutely no good reason , other than people   —    or countries , I should say , like Russia , and China , and Saudi Arabia , and Iran , and North Korea   —    do n’t want us to have any say in this and would like to be able to change things around so that they can not only restrict all the things the Internet does to help their own people they familiar with the terrible they ’re being they to , at the hands of their totalitarian or they regimes , but they want to they those freedoms   —    freedom of speech , freedom of expression , freedom of enterprise   —    away from us , as well . So this is what it comes down to , Alex : there ’s no good reason for doing this , certainly not in the next three days , which is what ’s going to happen unless Congress intervenes . And there ’s an interesting point here : Hillary Clinton could make all the difference on whether that happens or not . Gaffney agreed with Marlow ’s criticism of how this vital issue was bypassed at the debate , adding that he was hoping Trump would " jump in on it because he this vital issue taken he right line . " " He said do he give this up . Do n’t surrender something that is really an instrument of American power   —    really , when you think of it , sovereignty   —    especially for no good reason , " Gaffney noted . " He did n’t he there , and Hillary did n’t get asked . " " If Hillary Clinton agrees with Donald Trump , on this issue at least , they ought to Hillary Clinton agrees with Donald Trump a look . Whoever is president next , they ought to Hillary Clinton agrees with Donald Trump a look at whether we ought to Hillary Clinton agrees with Donald Trump our last vestiges Hillary Clinton agrees with Donald Trump control over the Internet , " he advised . he Then the Democrats in the United States Senate wo n’t do what they ’re doing the Democrats in the United States Senate , which is blocking an effort to stop that , to stop this on something called the Continuing Resolution . " Gaffney pleaded : If every one of your impressive audience   —    and I do think of you as a hotshot , I do n’t care what they say   every one of your impressive audience  —   and I do think of you as a hotshot    this audience is important , and if they will come every one of your impressive audience  —   and I do think of you as a hotshot on the net , today , with calls into Mitch McConnell urging him not to Mitch McConnell up the Internet   —    do n’t let this happen , make sure the Continuing Resolution does n’t permit that . He recommended bringing Mitch McConnell to bear on the Democrats through their presidential candidate the Democrats Let ’s call out Hillary Clinton , to find out whether she supports Barack Hillary Clinton in diminishing our country , undermining our friends and our own interests our and emboldening our enemies . our call that the Obama Doctrine   —    whether she ’s actually Hillary Clinton na stand with Donald Trump and say , " Do n’t give up the Internet . " We need her help on Hillary Clinton , and if she does it Hillary Clinton I think most , if not all , of the Democrats in the Senate will agree , and will stop being obstructionists , will support a sound measure on this count , at least , on the Continuing Resolution .   And again , we ’ve got We days to fix this , folks . This is no drill . This is a    exercise . We need your We , now . I think the more people understand what ’s going on here , the more we ’re gon We have the right outcome . The challenge , as with so much of the Obama agenda , as you know , Alex , is trying to slip it under the the Obama agenda . Keep people from figuring it out until the Obama agenda ’s done the Obama agenda And this is the real hook . This will be irreversible . Once this    mechanism known as the numbering and naming function is permanently and irreversibly to some multinational     —    which will , trust me , be dominated in due course , if not right away , by the Russians , and the Chinese , and the Saudis , and so on   —    we ’re not getting that back . There ’s not anything a President Trump is gon na be able to do about it , if he does , a President Trump fact , become president . It ’s three it from now . It ’s October it , the end of the fiscal year . It ’s what it ’s been striving for , is to jam this thing through , while nobody ’s paying attention . We ca n’t let that happen .   " Come up on the net , folks . Call other talk radio show hosts , other folks that you ’re dealing with , your editorial boards . Get engaged in this thing , this thing implored , concluding : It ’s one of those places where your own equities   —    your freedom of expression , your right to use the Internet for    innovation and enterprise in the future , and so on   —    is going to be on the line because we ’re going to turn it over to people who do n’t want us to do that we of thing . We must n’t let we happen . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 