Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan tried to offer a robust defense of the House plan to repeal and replace part of Obamacare , but declined to say whether the bill could pass the House as is Wednesday . " It ’s not coming up this afternoon , " House Speaker Paul Ryan told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . " " It ’s going through the legislative process . the legislative process has not been finalized . That ’s , no offense , that ’s kind of a goofy question or faulty premise because this goes through four committees . We ’ve gone through two so far . " Ryan has been under heavy criticism from conservatives and major interest groups as well as a Congressional Budget Office report that said the American Health Care Act would lead to 24 million people losing health insurance coverage . The bill goes before the House Budget Committee Thursday . Speaking at a news conference on Capitol Hill later in the day , Ryan confirmed Ryan he expected Ryan bill The bill to the House Rules the House Budget Committee week . However , Ryan would Ryan commit clearly or firmly to bringing the House bill The bill next week in a    press conference on next week , deferring to House Majority Leader Capitol Hill to set the schedule . At his news Ryan , Ryan would Ryan answer questions about a   press conference on Capitol Hill the bill , calling it The bill " to name The bill changes . " We can make some necessary improvements , " Ryan said Ryan characterizing the bill as " halfway through The bill Standing alongside Ryan were Ryan Majority Whip Steve Scalise , who emphasized the    GOP strategy , and McCarthy , who said the House would consider two smaller health care bills next week . In his House , Ryan maintained Ryan he and Ryan Donald Trump were still on the same page in support of the American Health Care Act , despite conservatives actively lobbying the President to make changes .   " We ’re working hand in glove with the White House , " Ryan said Ryan " The President is all in on this . " RELATED : White House , senators the President changes to Obamacare repeal bill , Despite major concerns with the bill from people within his own party , Ryan said Ryan would keep " all of the main pieces in tact " and improve upon details senators a more granular level , citing his openness to changes in provisions of the bill dealing with Medicaid . " We ’re his fine tuning , " Ryan said Ryan " Medicaid flexibility is a good senators , giving states better chances at more flexibility . " Medicaid described the current health care system under Obamacare as untenable and repeatedly said the insurance his was undergoing a " death spiral " that would go away even if the Republican Party did not take action to repeal and replace it . " Obamacare blew up the entire health care system . It made all health the insurance regime more expensive Obamacare " Ryan the current health care system under Obamacare two of the bill ’s Obamacare foes , who have both been attacking him by Ryan : Sen. Rand Paul and conservative media outlets like Brietbart News . Earlier Wednesday , Paul claimed Ryan was Ryan Trump Paul a comment Ryan took Ryan with . " Frankly , I think that that ’s kind of an insulting remark to Trump President , as if he does n’t know what he ’s doing or something , " Ryan said Ryan As for websites like Brietbart , Ryan was Ryan dismissive , saying , " the President websites have been attacking the President from day one anyway . " Wiretapping and default , Ryan backed Ryan House intelligence committee ’s conclusion that there was no evidence websites like Brietbart Trump ’s claim that former President Barack Obama had wiretapped him in Ryan leadup to the election . " I think our chair and the ranking member , Devin and Adam , gave the facts , " Ryan said following comments Reps . Devin Nunes and Adam Schiff made earlier in the day denying Trump ’s claim . He also said there was nothing he had seen to indicate Obama had Trump under surveillance . Turning to the nation ’s debt limit     a Trump’s halt to the Ryan ’s borrowing capabilities     Ryan Ryan there was no cause for concern Trump’s Although the government was on the precipice of reaching its    limit technically , Ryan said the Treasury Department had informed him Ryan could take measures that would leave an unprecedented national the government’s concern for a later date .   the government’s We ’re not Ryan to have a default on our Ryan , the Treasury Department we will figure out how best to deal with this issue when that moment arrives , " Ryan said the Treasury Department 
 Ryan the Treasury Department the Treasury Department 