When the polls closed in South Carolina and the various television networks said it was too close to call , it looked like the various television networks were in for a long night . A tweet from the man who has led in every poll , Donald Trump himself , seemed to only back up that notion . Then , suddenly , starting with NBC News just 25 or so minutes later , it was all over . Donald Trump himself was declared the winner of South Carolina .   As I write this , with 21 % of the votes counted , Trump Donald Trump himself 34 % to second place Ted Cruz , who is at 22 % . Marco Rubio is in a tight 3rd place with 21 % . Everyone else is in single digits . If the early exit polls stand up , Trump Donald Trump himself win in a state with 75 % evangelicals is nothing short of remarkable , a sign after his blowout victory in New Hampshire , that he his win anywhere . Rubio Marco Rubio also a story here , earning a big comeback after a disastrous debate and an even more disastrous 5th place showing in New New Hampshire A second or third place showing in South Carolina , and the almost certain elimination of    laners Jeb Bush and John Kasich , gives Rubio Marco Rubio future . Nevertheless , he Marco Rubio won nothing , including a South Carolina South Carolina the money , endorsements , and conservative media like Fox News , along with the Establishment had his Marco Rubio . Trump , of course , still managed to win after making a handful of what looked like mistakes . He called George Trump Bush a liar in the South Carolina debate South Carolina , he said he was Trump favor Trump the ObamaCare mandate ( and had to take it back ) got the ObamaCare mandate a battle with no less than the Pope ( that the Pope started ) the Pope to deal with some blowback regarding his    position that Trump was always against Trump Iraq War . Then there are the basic logistics of the ground game , a convention The Donald once again thumbed his nose at . Nevertheless Donald Trump walks out of South Carolina a winner , and walks into Tuesday night ’s Nevada caucus with 42 % support and a + 22 point lead . Rubio is at 19 % . Naturally , Fox News continues to harp on Trump ’s supposed 35 % Trump , " without wondering if Rubio might have a ceiling at Rubio around , oh , 22 % . In fact , just last week , YouGov polled a national    race with Trump , Rubio and Cruz . Trump earned 46 % Rubio hit Trump % and Cruz Rubio into third with 26 Cruz . Tell us again about The Ceiling , Fox News .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 