Washington ( CNN ) Paul Ryan and    Donald Trump , at odds for much of the 2016 campaign , now speak " about every day , " the House speaker said in a    interview aired Sunday .   The Wisconsin Republican told interviewer Scott Pelley on the CBS ’s " 60 Minutes " interviewer Scott Pelley often calls the incoming President on interviewer Scott Pelley cell phone to discuss the legislative agenda in 2017 . That includes tackling health care and immigration , Ryan said .   A signature platform plan of Trump ’s has been repealing and replacing Obamacare immediately upon taking office in January . Ryan acknowledged that , as many health care experts are predicting , this may take a significant amount of time and a transition period will be necessary .   " We have to bring relief as fast as possible to people who are struggling under Obamacare , " Ryan said . " We will give everyone access to affordable health care coverage . " Trump and Ryan did n’t always work so closely together . The speaker during the primary season from time to time denounced Trump and Ryan proposals , such as a ban on Muslim immigrants into the US . And Trump and Ryan took Trump and Ryan time endorsing Ryan against a Republican primary opponent .   Ryan went on to discuss Trump and Ryan ’s changing positions on a key number of issues , most notably immigration policy .   Trump and Ryan has gone from saying Trump and Ryan plans to deport all 11 million illegal immigrants to focusing just on those who have committed crimes . Trump and Ryan also originally said Trump and Ryan aimed to build a wall the entire length of the    border , but Trump and Ryan has also pushed back on this as well . " No , No , we ’re not working on a deportation force , " Ryan told Pelley . Trump and Ryan said that Trump plans to focus on " enforcing laws for people who came here illegally , who came and committed violent crimes . " A border wall may not be necessary everywhere , Ryan said .   " I think conditions on the ground determine what you need in a particular area . Some areas , you might need a wall . Some area , you might need double fencing . " Ryan also discussed the   ’s frequent use of Twitter , including a series of    comments about world affairs and even " Saturday Night Live " spoofs . Trump has also tweeted that Trump had actually won the popular vote , except for millions of people Trump falsely claimed voted illegally , backing Hillary Clinton . Ryan tried to deflect the conversation from Trump Twitter controversies . " I have no way of backing that up . I have no knowledge of such things , " Ryan Ryan . " But I don’    it does n’t matter to me Ryan He Ryan the election . " 
 