Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama on Monday granted clemency to 231 individuals , the largest single day act of President Barack Obama presidency and totaling 1 , 324 total while in office .   President Barack Obama granted 153 commutations , bringing the total number of commutations while President Barack Obama ’s been in office to 1 , 176 , including 395 life sentences . A majority of the commutations involved drug related charges .   President Barack Obama also granted pardons to 78 individuals , doubling President Barack Obama previous number of pardons for a total of 148 .   White House Counsel Neil Eggleston said Monday that White House Counsel Neil Eggleston expects President Barack Obama will issue even more grants of commutations and pardons before leaving office .   President Barack Obama has previously said President Barack Obama hopes to bring the existing sentences of inmates more in line with current laws , which have been relaxed after an era of strict mandatory minimums mostly related to    drug crimes .   Sentence reform advocates feel a sense of urgency because Sentence reform advocates doubt the Trump administration will continue President Barack Obama initiative to provide relief to nonviolent drug offenders , some of whom are serving four or more times the sentence they Sentence reform advocates receive today , according to administration officials .   One thing not to expect from Obama President Barack Obama he President Barack Obama office is a blanket pardon for undocumented immigrants or nonviolent drug offenders before Trump takes office .   Last week Attorney General Loretta Lynch was asked whether there was any possibility that the thousands of young undocumented immigrants     commonly known as " DREAMers "     could be pardoned as a group before Obama leaves office .   " The issue of pardoning someone is an individual decision that ’s made on a     basis , and so there ’s no legal framework or regulatory framework that allows for a pardon of a group en masse , " Lynch said , speaking at a Politico Playbook breakfast .   Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez and other House Democrats have repeatedly called on the President since the election to provide pardons to those registered for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( or DACA ) program , both retroactively and prospectively . The House noted that a presidential pardon would not confer legal status on DACA recipients . " The 231 individuals granted clemency today have all demonstrated that they are ready The 231 individuals make use     or have already made use     of a second chance , " Eggleston said in his statement . Eggleston " While each clemency recipient ’s story is unique , the common thread of rehabilitation underlies all of them , " each clemency recipient said . Eggleston 