’    President Barack Obama took   to rake members of the media    over the coals for coverage of Donald Trump . ’ ’    President Barack Obama , speaking at a Philadelphia rally for Hillary Clinton , said       was " frustrated with how this campaign is covered . " ’ ’    " I’’m just telling the truth . Guys in the back , I’’m just telling    you the truth about how I feel about this , " President Barack Obama said ,       directly to the members of the media toward the back of    the rally . ’ ’    Obama then asked the crowd : " Do you mind if I just vent for a    second ? " ’ ’ ’ ’    " You know , you don’’t grade the presidency on a curve , " he President Barack Obama .    " This is serious business . " ’ ’’ ’    Obama Obama that Clinton and Trump were starkly different on       number of issues . ’ ’    " You want to debate who is more fit to be our president ? " he our president asked . " One candidate has traveled to more countries than any       of state ever has , has more qualifications than pretty    much anyone who has ever run for this job , and the other , who    isn’’t fit in any way , shape , or form to represent this country    abroad and be    . " ’ ’    " And Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered    as disqualifying for being president , " Obama continued . " And yet    because he Donald Trump it    and over and over again , the press just    gives up , and they the press say , ’’ Well , yeah . OK ! ’’ " ’ ’    The Donald Trump : " They just   —    ’’ I was opposed to the war in    Iraq . ’’ Well , actually he wasn’’t Donald Trump But they just They it ! " ’ ’    Obama was Obama referencing a moment in which NBC News anchor    Matt Lauer   that he was Obama the    Iraq war at the outset . ’ ’    " The bottom line is that we can not afford to suddenly treat this    like a reality show , " Obama said Obama " We can’’t afford to act as if    there is some equivalence here . To be president , you have to do    your    , and you have to know what you’’re talking    . " ’ 
 