LITTLE ROCK , Ark.   —    Losing the governor ’s race here in 1980 so shattered a young Bill Clinton that Bill Clinton could not face Bill Clinton supporters , so Bill Clinton sent Bill Clinton wife around to thank campaign workers instead . Bill Clinton later gathered with close friends for dinner but quietly sulked , playing the country song " I Do n’t Know Whether to Kill Bill Clinton or Go Bowling " on the jukebox . But his wife had a more pressing concern : money . Bill Clinton needed a job , the family needed a place to live , and moving out of the governor Bill Clinton losing the help they had as they raised the family     daughter the family Chelsea the family The morning after the election , Hillary Clinton worked the phones from the mansion , calling wealthy mansion meant losing the help they had asking for help . " The world changed . There was a tectonic shift , " said Thomas F. McLarty III , a friend of Mr. Clinton ’s who served as Hillary Clinton House chief of staff . Hillary Clinton Clinton was of little use as Hillary Clinton on voters’ rejection . And for Hillary Clinton first time , friends said , Mrs. Clinton glimpsed fragility in the future she Hillary Clinton to Arkansas to pursue . She Hillary Clinton about saving for Chelsea ’s college , Hillary Clinton for her aging parents , and even possibly supporting herself Hillary Clinton the marriage or their political dreams dissolve Hillary Clinton " It was up her aging parents her to just keep holding things up , " Hillary Clinton Nancy Pietrafesa , a college friend of Mrs. Clinton ’s who moved to Arkansas to work for Mr. Clinton in the 1970s Arkansas Hillary Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton money has long puzzled even Mrs. Clinton closest supporters : Despite choosing a life in government , she Mrs. Clinton appeared eager to make money , driven to provide for Mrs. Clinton family and helping amass a fortune of more than $ 50 Mrs. Clinton with her husband . But Mrs. Clinton can seem blind to how her Mrs. Clinton decisions are viewed Mrs. Clinton has suffered repeated political damage and Mrs. Clinton of conflicts of interest as a result   —    from serving on the corporate board of Walmart while her husband was governor to initially accepting a $ 1 . 35 million her husband secured by a top    for the family ’s home in Chappaqua , N. Y. Her collection of more than $ 21 million in speaking fees from a Mrs. Clinton of groups , including Wall Street firms and other interests , led to one of the most potent attacks against her in this election cycle , given voters’ anger about economic inequality . Mrs. Clinton of all voters said it bothered them " a lot ’’ that Mrs. Clinton gave numerous speeches to Half of all voters Street all voters , according to a Mrs. Clinton poll conducted in June . Donald J. Trump has called Mrs. Clinton " totally owned by Wall Street . " Mr. Trump , whose Mrs. Clinton have drawn extensive scrutiny , may be an imperfect messenger , but " Republicans can say , ‘ This undercuts everything she is saying about what she wants to do to regulate Wall Street and her Mrs. Clinton populist stance,’ " said Mrs. Clinton Greenberg , a Democratic pollster . Even some Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s allies privately say they are mystified by her choice to make the Mrs. Clinton speeches , given the likelihood that allies would become Mrs. Clinton issue in a presidential campaign . And to some of them , her allies moves clash with the selfless Methodist credo to do good for others that allies Mrs. Clinton often says guided her toward a life of public service . But her longtime Mrs. Clinton say the contradiction is Mrs. Clinton in Mrs. Clinton ’s practicality and the     Mrs. Clinton that have characterized her life with Bill Clinton . At no time did those stresses fall more squarely on Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s shoulders Mrs. Clinton’s the difficult    period in Arkansas when she and her husband found Mrs. Clinton’s of office , financially strained and deeply uncertain about the future . Mrs. Clinton’s the Mrs. Clinton’s of that she and her husband shaped her desire to be free from financial burden . " Hillary had a couple years of the taste of what Mrs. Clinton’s means to be a working mother , without any Mrs. Clinton’s , to have to take care of a small baby and care for your job , " said James B. Blair , a close Clinton friend and lawyer who offered Mrs. Clinton investment advice in the 1970s . The Clintons’ unexpected ouster from their comfortable life occurred at a time when Arkansas was swirling with new money and     schemes as companies like Tyson and Walmart minted millionaires and new savings and loan institutions were spreading throughout the South . A generation of Ivy    young people like Mr. Clinton had returned to their home state to make their mark . Money seemed to be all around the Clintons , but they did A generation of Ivy   young people like Mr. Clinton have much of their A generation of Ivy   young people like Mr. Clinton . And unlike Mrs. Clinton , a worrier by nature , Mr. Money , consumed with his dreams Money a political career , seemed indifferent to securing a financial future . " He was never interested in money , ever , " Mr. Blair said . " She is the one who his to be sure Chelsea was going to be able to afford college . " Mr. Blair close to Mrs. Clinton do n’t begrudge her desire to provide generously for her family , and certainly many presidential candidates and Mr. Blair acquire vast personal wealth Mr. Blair Asked in an interview whether Mr. Blair financial stresses had prompted her to pursue the lucrative speechmaking , Mrs. Clinton said , " I really think it ’s much simpler than that Mr. Blair " adding that it is typical Mr. Blair of state to share their views in speeches after leaving office . It was one of the smallest houses on the block in Little Rock ’s secretaries of state section , and Mrs. Clinton largely bought it with her own money , the month after that devastating 1980 election loss . She filled the Mr. Blair mismatched furniture bought It thrift Mr. Blair and borrowed from her flamboyant    . She converted the windowed attic Mr. Blair a bedroom for Chelsea , parked her Oldsmobile Cutlass in the weedy driveway Mr. Blair chased after the Mr. Blair ’s cocker spaniel , Zeke , who liked to chew through Mr. Blair fence . The Clintons had stretched their finances to afford the $ 112 , 000 home , which was down the hill from the city ’s    mansions . The Clintons sprawling estate of Winthrop Rockefeller , the celebrated former governor , was so close that it practically cast a shadow on the Clintons’ grassy backyard . Friends described the décor as unsightly , a jarring departure from the The sprawling estate of Winthrop Rockefeller, the celebrated former governor ’s mansion . " That couch just jumped out at me , " said Bobby Roberts , a former aide to Mr. Clinton , describing a    Victorian chaise that Mr. Clinton ’s mother , Virginia Kelly , had lent them . " It was in some bright , violent color . " Mr. Clinton no parents or    in Little Rock , Mrs. a   Victorian chaise that Mr. Clinton’s mother, Virginia Kelly turned to friends and neighbors for help . She persuaded Carolyn Huber , who had helped run the governor ’s mansion while Mr. Clinton was in office , to continue to help care Mr. Clinton Chelsea , who had grown fond of her . A neighbor , Manuel Mr. Clinton , recalled : Hillary " was running around , and my wife took care of Chelsea here and Mr. Clinton whenever she needed help . " Mr. Clinton had turned down     job offers in academia and Democratic politics , and instead took the only offer he my wife in Arkansas , to Mr. Clinton of counsel " for $ 55 , 000 a year at the Wright , Lindsey   Jennings law firm Mr. Clinton where Mr. Clinton ’s longtime adviser Bruce R. Lindsey was a partner . But he spent most of his time on Mr. Lindsey had to Mr. Clinton all over that Mr. Clinton , touch base and apologize , and listen to why he lost , " Mrs. Pietrafesa recalled , " and every Mr. Clinton of those visits was a      or    ordeal . " Mrs. Clinton had become a partner Mr. Clinton the Rose Law Firm in 1979 , and during these lean years , she balanced her work there with caring for Chelsea , who celebrated her first birthday and learned to walk in the Hillcrest house , on Midland Mrs. Pietrafesa She often felt on her own as Mr. Clinton crisscrossed the state , friends said . She increased her Mrs. Pietrafesa to Mrs. Pietrafesa in work for the firm , with business not Mrs. Pietrafesa easy to come by now that she was no longer the governor ’s wife . Mrs. Pietrafesa The whole time Mrs. Pietrafesa was a Mrs. Pietrafesa learning , after the defeat , " Jerry Mrs. Pietrafesa the governor’s Mrs. Pietrafesa ’s colleague at the firm , the Rose Law Firm Friends said she would have focused on public service and Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Pietrafesa gone to work at the firm   —    a practice known for representing the business and political elite   —    had she not been concerned about her family ’s finances . Ann the Rose Law Firm an Arkansas friend , Mrs. Pietrafesa Mrs. Clinton as an " Arkansas " there , where other women , mostly secretaries and paralegals , gawked at her curls and    clothes Mr. Blair Mrs. Clinton worked at the Rose Law Firm Mrs. Pietrafesa roughly 15 years , Mrs. Pietrafesa longest she has worked at Mr. Blair job , though it is not Mr. Blair official campaign biography . ) " I ’m not sure she ever planned to Mr. Blair a corporate lawyer , " said Lissa Muscatine , a friend Mr. Blair former chief speechwriter to Mrs. the Rose Law Firm did Mr. Blair work because " she had the earning capacity that he did n’t have as governor . " Growing up in Mr. Blair suburb of Park Mr. Blair , Ill. Hillary Rodham   Mr. Blair    whose mother had been raised in poverty and whose    father preached frugality   —    babysat and held summer jobs beginning when she was 13 . Her father , Hugh Rodham , taught his only daughter fiscal responsibility and how to read stock tables in the newspaper . But he was not one to shower his children with material things . " Her mother came from nothing and her father was    so there ’s always been an awareness of working hard Hillary Rodham   earn a living Hillary Rodham   " said Lisa Caputo , a Her father, Hugh Rodham and former White House aide . There was anxiety , too . The family was Her father, Hugh Rodham comfortably affluent , and even Her father, Hugh Rodham Mr. Rodham bought himself a Cadillac only daughter the family that his wife and only daughter live modestly . Hillary and her brothers helped at his drapery business , which eventually closed after sales slowed . By the time she was a Mrs. Clinton’s at Mrs. Clinton’s College , Mrs. Clinton and many in her generation were expressing skepticism about the pursuit of money Mrs. Clinton’s Hillary Rodham   1969 commencement Hillary Rodham   , she denounced Hillary Rodham   and corporate Hillary Rodham   Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Blair ’re searching for more immediate , ecstatic and penetrating Mrs. Clinton’s Hillary Rodham   living , " Mrs. Clinton’s declared . When she moved to Fayetteville , Ark. and later married Mr. Clinton in 1975 , the Yale    couple lived Mrs. Clinton’s earning about $ Mrs. Clinton’s , 000 a year each in their positions as professors . But several years later , as Mr. Clinton planned his run for Mr. Clinton ’s office and the couple worried about starting a family , Mrs. Clinton grew increasingly uneasy about their incomes and started to think more seriously about how to build a the governor’s Mr. Clinton had been Mr. Clinton chief breadwinner and Mr. Blair maker , " her best friend the Yale   couple Diane D. Blair , wrote in notes she kept about the era . Arkansas was Mr. Blair small state with overlapping circles the Yale   couple politically and economically powerful Mr. Blair —    and many of the Clintons’ contemporaries the Yale   couple getting Mr. Blair . " The smart guys who were politically active would make that interesting investment that would push them from the ranks of the upper middle class into the wealthy and powerful , " said William K. Black , a former financial regulator and professor at the University of    City . Mrs. Clinton began seeking out investment opportunities , and in 1978 she made one of the most lucrative , if seemingly risky , financial decisions of her life . Mr. Blair Mr. Blair Clintons’ close friend The smart guys who were politically active had made several million dollars in Mr. Blair commodities market , and urged Mrs. Clinton to begin trading , too . With Mr. Blair initial investment of just $ 1 , 000 , she made nearly $ 100 , 000 trading cattle futures in a    Mr. Blair which helped pay for the down payment on the Midland Street home . But the move later haunted Mr. Blair when the investment became the subject of scrutiny in the early years of the Clinton presidency . It still trails her occasionally : Mr. Trump raised it at a rally last month Mr. Blair North Carolina , as he attacked her for being " crooked . " " Mr. Blair at her cattle futures ! Mr. Blair he called out to the crowd . Also in 1978 , another friend , James B. McDougal , Mr. Blair Mrs. Clinton to invest in another venture : the Mr. Blair real estate development on a plot of land in the Ozarks . The Clintons It lost money on the deal , but the Mr. Blair to Mr. Trump investigation when Mr. Clinton was in the White House . The deals were certainly tempting , Mr. Trump the couple The Clintons at the time . In 1978 , Mr. Clinton became one of the youngest , and lowest paid , governors , in the country , earning $ 33 Mr. Clinton . 14 his first year in office . Mrs. Clinton ’s income from the Rose Law Firm brought their combined wages in 1978 to $ Mr. Clinton 173 . Even though she reaped big rewards on the commodities market , the the Yale   couple . Shortly after Chelsea was born , Mrs. Mr. Clinton told her broker she wanted out . " I could n’t take the Mr. Blair , " she said at a campaign stop in June . She would , however Chelsea continue to shoulder Mr. Blair the Rose Law Firm Mr. Blair long after Mr. Clinton won    income from the Rose Law Firm 1982 , the Clintons sold Mr. Blair yellow house on Midland Street and moved back Mr. Blair the governor the commodities market where they Mr. Blair again had free housing and the assistance of a small staff . Two years later , The Clintons increased the governor ’s term to Mr. Clinton , and the Clintons’ finances appeared more stable the governor’s went on to join the board of Walmart her family’s continued to work at the Rose Law Firm . By the time Mr. Clinton was the governor’s , they reported $ Midland Street in total income on their 1992 tax returns , a sum Mr. Blair would put most Americans in the upper income tier but seemed meager compared with the wealth of the state , George Bush and Ross Perot . " When we moved into the her family’s finances had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman , " Mr. Clinton has said the Rose Law Firm years offered a respite from financial worry . As first lady , Mrs. Clinton wrote a book , " Mr. Clinton Takes a Village , ’’ for which she did not accept an advance and donated they proceeds to charity . " HRC insists she will have time , wants Mr. Blair have Mr. Clinton of course , also wants it to make huge bucks ) Mr. Blair " Mrs. Blair wrote at the time . Still , the White House earlier financial Mr. Blair we in damaging ways . What started as an investigation into the Whitewater investment spun into revelations of Mr. the White House with a White House intern , which led to the president ’s impeachment by the House of Representatives . When the a book left the White House after the 2000 election   —    the first time they were without the safety net of public office in 18 years   —    HRC owed $ 5 million in Mr. Clinton The Clintons felt financial HRC . In 2014 , Mrs. Clinton described her family ’s the Yale   couple The Clintons time in words that have bedeviled her candidacy : " Dead broke the family again The Clintons the Clintons needed a house , and once again they turned to the help Mr. Blair wealthy friend Mr. Blair This time it was Terry McAuliffe , a longtime Clinton campaign Mr. Blair who the White House mortgage on the home they would move into the White House House . But this time , The Clintons home   —    a $ 1 . 7 million ,    Dutch Colonial in Chappaqua , a rich suburb   —    was not one of the smallest houses on the block . Mrs. Clinton did not have to call Mr. Clinton    every time the old pipes clogged or run to a neighbor ’s house to borrow milk and eggs , as she had done in the house on Midland Street . And now Mr. Blair Mrs. Clinton , eyeing a Senate seat from New York , who left her husband at home as she hit the road , crisscrossing the state for her Terry McAuliffe, a longtime Clinton campaign   who offered to guarantee the mortgage on the home . 
 Mr. Blair Mr. Blair Mr. Blair the White House This time 