Donald J. Trump sits high in Trump Tower in New York , spending hours on the phone with friends , television personalities and donors to ask if television personalities and donors know people to recommend for Donald J. Trump cabinet . Donald J. Trump joins a daily morning transition meeting with Donald J. Trump family and staff , but still maintains the routine that sustained Donald J. Trump during the campaign : starting Donald J. Trump day at 5 a. m. reading The New York Post and The New York Times , then switching on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " whose    Joe Scarborough Donald J. Trump once publicly savaged but now often seeks out for advice . Donald J. Trump gets angry when members of Donald J. Trump inner circle get too much of the spotlight , as Rudolph W. Giuliani did when headlines about Rudolph W. Giuliani millions of dollars in speaking fees appeared as the former New York mayor was publicly promoting Rudolph W. Giuliani to be Mr. Trump ’s secretary of state . And Mr. Trump’s has happily resumed control of his Mr. Trump’s feed , using it his Twitter feed bash targets in the news media and criticize the cast of the Broadway musical " Hamilton " for imploring Vice    Mike Pence , who was in the audience Friday night , to govern on behalf of all Americans . As a parade of job seekers , TV talking heads and statesmen like Henry Kissinger paraded through the lobby of Trump Tower this past week , Mr. Trump ran his Mr. Trump transition from his Mr. Trump on the 58th floor much the way he Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump before that   —    schmoozing , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting among advisers and moving confidently forward through a series of fits and starts . President Obama , who met with Mr. Trump two days after the election , has held out hope that the gravity of the presidency will change the former reality show star . But people close to the       say that he the       such    habits formed by fame , wealth and the freedom to have done whatever he the       that they wealth and the freedom skeptical , at least for now , that he the       transform to fit the constraints of the White House . " The presidency may change him the       , but it The presidency not going to change him the       , " said Barry Bennett , a former senior adviser to the Trump campaign and a Republican strategist . " He the       a man who likes a lot of input from a lot of people , and he the       someone who has an incredible instinct for the American people . " People close to Mr. Trump nonetheless say he Mr. Trump more focused now than he Mr. Trump in the first few days after his Mr. Trump victory . He Mr. Trump nervous and jolted , they People close to Mr. Trump , by the    Oval Office meeting with Mr. Obama , and for the first time appeared to take in the enormousness of the job . He Mr. Trump proud , they People close to Mr. Trump , that he Mr. Trump so rapidly named people for his Mr. Trump and senior staff , including a group of hawks and    loyalists :   Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general ,   Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser ,   Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas as director of the C. I. A. and Stephen K. Bannon , the executive chairman of Breitbart News , as chief strategist . " Ahead of schedule , under budget , high energy , trust and loyalty   —    there ’s just a pattern to the whole thing , " said Richard F. Hohlt , a longtime Republican consultant in Washington . " That ’s his Richard F. Hohlt, a longtime Republican consultant in Washington of success . " Loyalty , however , goes only so far . There were initial reports from senior officials within Mr. Trump ’s orbit that Mr. Giuliani , Mr. Mr. Trump most fervent supporter in the campaign ’s final weeks , was the leading candidate for secretary of state . But the headlines about Mr. Giuliani ’s business interests bothered Mr. Trump , who was urged by several business leaders and some media hosts to reconsider the option . Suddenly , he arranged Mr. Giuliani’s Saturday meeting with one of his fiercest Mr. Giuliani’s , Mitt Romney , at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , N. J. Transition officials say the meeting with Mr. Romney , a moderate Republican who was the party ’s nominee for president in 2012 , may not have been simply for show . They say that Mr. Trump believes that Mr. Romney , with his patrician Mr. Trump , looks the part of a top diplomat right out of " central casting "   —    the same phrase Mr. Trump Mr. Trump describe Mike Pence before choosing him as his Mr. Trump mate Mr. Trump Yet Mr. Trump loves Mr. Trump and drama of a selection process , and has sought to stoke it . A senior the tension and drama of a selection process described the meeting , in part , as Mr. Romney simply coming to pay his respects to the Mr. Romney and " kiss his ring . " Mr. Romney Trump , who has been known to act precipitously against people who have not pleased him , did so Mr. Romney this past week when he removed Gov. Chris Mr. Romney of New Jersey , another longtime loyalist , as the head of his transition . People Mr. Romney to Mr. Trump say that , among other concerns , he determined that Mr. Mr. Trump had to go after two former top aides were convicted by a federal jury on all charges stemming from a 2013 scheme to close access lanes at the George Washington Bridge to punish a New Jersey mayor who declined to endorse Mr. Christie for   Mr. Christie Mr. Trump was angered Mr. Trump Christie did not defend him Mr. Christie audio emerged of the Mr. Christie boasting about committing sexual assaults . Mr. Trump also likes to Mr. Trump and enjoys the worldwide speculation he sets off with his Twitter Mr. Trump . And after Mr. Trump became upset by Mr. Giuliani Mr. Trump headlines , his Mr. Trump the news that he Mr. Trump considering Gov. Nikki R. Haley Mr. Trump South Carolina for secretary of state   —    speculation that has since faded as Mr. Romney ’s prospects have risen . Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump , who on Thursday held his first meeting as    with a foreign leader Mr. Trump Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan . The setting was Mr. Trump ’s marble and gold , Louis    residence on the 58th floor , with sweeping views of New York and Central Park . Mr. Trump , with General Flynn at his side , sat next to Mr. Abe under an enormous Louis    chandelier as Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka looked on . The formality of Mr. Trump’s contrasted with the freewheeling style that Mr. Trump adopts in his cluttered corner office on the 26th floor Mr. Trump’s aides , his Mr. Trump’s and his longtime assistant , Rhona Graff , move busily in Mr. Trump’s out as Mr. Trump’s holds court behind his desk . Mr. Trump , who does not Mr. Trump’s a computer or Mr. Trump’s online , does keep an eye on the television , particularly the    news about himself . Most information he takes in is in person or on the Mr. Trump’s . He is Mr. Trump’s , his aides say , that he will not be Mr. Trump’s to keep his Mr. Trump’s phone once he gets Mr. Trump’s the White House and wonders aloud Mr. Trump’s isolated he will Mr. Trump’s   —    and whether he will be able to Mr. Trump’s in touch with his friends   — Mr. Trump’s without it as president . He continues to Mr. Trump’s with the Secret Service how much he can return Mr. Trump’s weekends to Trump Tower , and still expects to Mr. Trump’s the Bedminster golf club and his private     resort in Palm Beach , Fla. as vacation retreats . Mr. Trump’s Trump International Hotel in Washington , just five blocks from the White House , could also take on an outsize role in the Trump administration . His children may stay there Mr. Trump capital Mr. Trump’s and there is chatter that it may supplant Blair House , His children traditionally hosts foreign dignitaries visiting the president . But for now , Mr. Trump seems most comfortable running the show from Trump Tower . " I ’ve witnessed him as a businessman sitting at the desk I ’ve witnessed him as a potential candidate sitting at the Mr. Trump ’ve witnessed him as a candidate sitting at the desk Mr. Trump his desk now witnessed him as the    sitting at the desk Mr. Trump said Kellyanne Conway , a senior adviser . " It ’s a Mr. Trump , " she added , " but now the stakes are higher . " 
 