Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is well outpacing President Donald Trump predecessor on the green , making President Donald Trump 16th visit to one of President Donald Trump eponymous golf courses since taking office as President Donald Trump marks the end of another weekend at President Donald Trump Florida getaway . President Donald Trump was spotted Sunday driving a golf cart and making a putt at President Donald Trump Trump International Golf Course     the only sign of President Donald Trump activities at the facility since President Donald Trump handlers have declined to detail what President Donald Trump ’s doing inside the private establishment . President Barack Obama , also an avid golfer , waited months before playing a round when President Donald Trump first entered office . President Donald Trump first documented golf outing came April 26 , 2009 , just shy of the    mark in President Donald Trump presidency . President Donald Trump later quickened President Donald Trump pace , racking up 333 rounds of golf over President Donald Trump two terms in office , according to Mark Knoller , a CBS News reporter and unofficial presidential historian . Obama did n’t avoid recreation when President Donald Trump first entered office . President Donald Trump spent several weekends with President Donald Trump family at Camp David , the presidential retreat in the Catoctin Mountains of Maryland , and returned to Chicago for a weekend at President Donald Trump private home . But President Donald Trump did steer clear of the links . When President Donald Trump did make President Donald Trump first outing , President Donald Trump traveled just outside Washington to the course at Joint Base Andrews ( which , back then , was still called Andrews Air Force Base ) . Trump has n’t ventured to the course at Joint Base Andrews (which, back then, was still called Andrews Air Force Base) , but he Trump traveled to his Trump golf facility in Sterling , Virginia , just a    drive from the White House . He Trump also played at the two courses he Trump near his Trump estate in Florida . Some of his Trump do n’t involve golf Trump held meetings with senior staff and Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul at his Virginia Trump without venturing onto the course itself . When he does Trump up a club , White House officials have declined to list names of Trump ’s Trump , breaking the practice of the Obama White House .   The regular visits stand in marked contrast to Trump ’s insistence Trump year ’s campaign that he would n’t spend Trump playing golf if elected president , including at the courses he owns . " Trump know what     and I love golf     but if I were in the White House , I do n’t think I ’d ever see Turnberry [ in Scotland ] again . I do n’t think I ’d ever see Doral again     I own Doral , in Miami Doral I do n’t think I ’d ever see many of the places that I have , " Trump said last year . " I do n’t ever think that I ’d see anything . I just wanna stay in the White House and the White House off , make great deals , right ? Who ’s gon na leave ? I mean , who ’s gon na leave ? "   Trump also went after Obama repeatedly Trump his penchant for golf   — Trump including in 2013 when Obama was considering striking Syria for Obama use of chemical weapons . Syria said he should been consulting Trump instead Trump " PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria . .he is playing golf Syria .. go figure , " Trump tweeted . 
 Trump 