"    The Iraqi ground effort to wrest away control of the country ’s      city , Mosul , from ISIS has dragged on since      and city, Mosul, from ISIS looks set to continue into the new year . " ’    Throughout the fight , Iraqi forces and Iraqi partners in the    Kurdish peshmerga and Shiite militias have been assisted by air    support from the    coalition of more than 60 countries . ’ ’    the   coalition of more than 60 countries has mounted numerous strikes on ISIS positions    around Mosul , including a November 10 strike that targeted an    ISIS headquarters building near the city , a clip of which you can    see below . ’ ’ ’ ’    The November 10 strike came during a    period that saw 19    airstrikes around Mosul , targeting    buildings , vehicles ,    weapons systems , tunnels , fighting positions , and      improvised explosive devices , or VBIEDs , which ISIS has made    extensive and devastating use of during the Mosul campaign . ’ ’    The operation to retake Mosul kicked off on October 17 , with    Iraqi forces targeting ISIS ISIS and their Iraqi forces around    the city . But since the fight has moved into the city itself ,       has slowed , as streets crowded with civilians and fierce    ISIS resistance have made Mosul a treacherous battleground . ’ ’    In recent days ,   has grounded coalition    aircraft , creating an opportunity for the terror group . ISIS   ISIS militants , who still hold about   launched    counterattacks to the east , south , and west late last week . Their    efforts gained some ground , but Iraqi officials said it would be     . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ISIS " still controls our neighborhood , and the Iraqi forces have       taken a single step forward in three weeks . We’’re in    despair , " a resident in Mosul’ ’s southeastern district of Intisar ,    where the army’ ’s Ninth Armored Division has struggled to make       ,   Reuters by phone . ’ ’   ’ ’    " My family and I have been sleeping under the concrete stairs in       house for a month now , afraid of the random bombardment    between the Iraqi forces and the Daesh elements , " the source    said , referring to ISIS by an Arabic name . ’ "    The US has worked to provide support in the face of ISIS’    effective resistance , specifically targeting VBIEDs and the    factories making them . ISIS ISIS deployed hundreds of such weapons    in the Mosul ’s tight confines . " ’    The US Air Force has also   it The US Air Force developed a way to counter drone    bombs employed by ISIS ISIS Iraq and Syria . ’ ’    US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Monday that it was    " " to retake the city before US      Donald Trump takes office on January 20 , but he US Defense Secretary Ash Carter stressed that it would be a " . " ’ ’    Carter US Defense Secretary Ash Carter also cautioned that US forces would need to   well after ISIS is defeated . ’ ’    You can see the full video of the airstrike below . ’ ’ ’ 
 