Saturday on CNN ’s " Smerconish , " host Michael Smerconish asked Gov. John Kasich ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination , about an incident at a Donald Trump rally a day earlier involving a Muslim woman being ejected from the rally for protesting and the crowd ’s reaction to it .   Gov. John Kasich ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination criticized the crowd and warned of driving Muslims away with such actions . " Terrible , " Gov. John Kasich ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination said . You know , we are not a country that   —    you know , a country that feels good about insulting or yelling at people , or demeaning people . So , you know , maybe it was a Friday night , and who knows , but   —    look .   People want to come to my rallies , they People to come to my town halls , they People welcome . I mean , I ’ve had people disrupt , but that ’s all part of America , right ? I mean   —    but I just do n’t like the tearing apart of the America because if we want to fix the border or if we want we fix Social Security , if we want we create an environment for job creation , we ’re not going to get it done by tearing one another apart . And I also have to tell you that , Michael , we ’ve we seen   —    we ’ve we seen this North Korean situation , and one of the great things that troubles me is the ability of a country like North Korea to be able to give very dangerous materials or weapons technology to    actors . " " That would be people like Hezbollah , ISIS , Hamas , and the entire world is going to have to stop that , because if that ’s not the case , we ’re going to see   —    we could we see horrific things happen in this world , " he continued . " And we have we Muslim countries that are moderate in nature , and they respect many Muslim countries that are moderate in nature and civilization and history , and we do we want to be alienating people like that , because you remember the first gulf war where both Arabs and the westerners went and drove Saddam out of Kuwait ? That ’s what it has to look like again when we go we ISIS , and if we ’re we Muslims , they ’re we’re attacking Muslims going to   —    you know , we just we them farther we’re attacking Muslims .   We ’ll we through this . We ’ll we over that . That ’s just not the way to behave . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 