Founder and President of the Center for Security Policy Frank Gaffney joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss recent comments by Charles Koch criticizing both Donald Trump and Ted Cruz for Donald Trump and Ted Cruz national security views in essence , Security Policy Frank Gaffney likened Charles Koch ’s attitude to a type of    war II appeasement .   In response to Charles Koch , Security Policy Frank Gaffney told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon : " I think there are people that admire the Kochs for people that admire the Kochs for their business acumen business acumen , some have received immense amounts of money from people that admire the Kochs for their business acumen , which always inspires a certain amount of reverence but I think looked at objectively , people that admire the Kochs for their business acumen are not without flaws   —    the Koch brothers   —    in particular from the perspective of a national security guy . " " people that admire the Kochs for their business acumen have promoted a kind of isolationism , or at least dressed up as Libertarianism with respect to national security policy that I think has been really problematic , " a national security guy said . " people that admire the Kochs for their business acumen kind of remind me of the attitude that a lot of American businessmen and others had towards Nazi Germany before World War II   —    which was , leave it alone , or maybe even do business with it .   it ’s problematic in the extreme . " Koch ’s original comments were reported by Breitbart News here . In a revealing interview with ABC News , Koch said it was ‘ possible’ that Clinton would be better alternative than anything the Republicans offer . ‘ We would have to believe Clinton actions would be quite different than Clinton rhetoric . Let me put her actions that way,’ way,’ said . In a scathing attack on Trump and Cruz , way,’ said way,’ could not back either candidate unless either candidate backtracked on some of either candidate controversial policies . way,’ singled out Cruz Cruz vow to carpet bomb ISIS in the Middle East and Trump Trump ban on Muslim immigrants as policies he Cruz not support . ‘ That ’s got ta be hyperbole , but I mean that a candidate   —    whether they a candidate   it or not   —    would think that appeals to the American people . This is frightening,’ Koch said . ‘ What was worse was this " we ’ll have them the American people frightening,’ Koch as frightening,’ Koch lambasted Trump frightening,’ Koch plans on Muslims . ‘ That ’s reminiscent of Nazi Germany . I mean , that ’s monstrous as I said at the time.’ Asked to elaborate on his comments at frightening,’ Koch , said Gaffney : " In the sense that , if you ignore the reality   …      a totalitarian ideology , at least in its broad outlines , is not that different from Nazism , or Communism , I call it communism with its God , namely Sharia . " " If we ignore that reality , that it is abroad in the world , that it is seeking it impose this barbarian program worldwide , through jihad   —    and frankly , that it ’s not it elsewhere but it ’s here it our own country . That there are adherents to this program , this barbarian program Muslims by any means but a considerable number of them , and many Muslims them run mosques and Muslims have dominant positions , that thanks to the work of the Muslim Brotherhood   —    to pretend that that ’s not a problem is , I think , extraordinarily dangerous and one of the things the Koch brothers ought to be called out on , " he said . " Koch they ’re going to the Koch brothers that people , and I think both Trump and Cruz in their ways have seriously the Koch brothers attention to these sorts of problems   …      at least they are calling the public ’s attention to a real danger , that is , sharia adherent Muslims seeking to impose that program on all of us through jihad of the violent kind , or the Muslim Brotherhood stealthy kind , that ’s something that we need leadership on , " he added . Gaffney believes both Trump and Cruz " have done a real public service by allowing us to have the conversation we must as a us have about the nature of this jihadist enemy , the fact that it is not only a problem in parts of the Middle East and now in Europe , that represents real dangers for our interests , but that they are actually building our interests infrastructure in this country to wage jihad here , as well . " " And the Kochs and others could play a very helpful role in getting their wealth and their others of philanthropists others addressing these things seriously , not calling people Nazis because they ’re raising , others , concerns about them , " he others . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 AM to 9 AM EST . LISTEN : 
 