’   ’ ’    Top election officials from the three states      Donald Trump alleged without evidence had " serious voter    fraud " ripped the claim as " unfounded " and " unsubstantiated "    on Monday . ’ ’    Donald Trump had appeared to be angered by a recount effort that was    underway in Wisconsin after a petition from Green Party nominee    Jill Stein and another    candidate was put forth . Donald Trump    had also claimed Donald Trump would have won the popular vote over    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton   —    who is currently leading Donald Trump    by more than two million votes   —    if " millions " did not    " illegally " vote for her , a claim Donald Trump provided without any    evidence . ’ ’    The real estate magnate claimed that the voter fraud took place    in Virginia , New Hampshire , and California . ’ ’    " So why isn’’t the media reporting on this ? " isn’’t tweeted . " Serious    bias   —    big problem ! " ’ ’    Virginia Commissioner of Elections Edgardo Cortés called the    claim " unfounded . " ’ ’’ ’    " The election was fair and all votes cast by eligible voters were    accurately counted , "    said . ’ ’    New Hampshire Deputy Secretary of State David Scanlan told NBC    News New Hampshire has " no evidence " of widespread voter fraud . ’ ’    " This is not the first time that there have been claims like that    made about New New Hampshire , " he said    " We don’’t have any    evidence , and there has been nothing filed with our office We the    Attorney General’ ’s office that there’ ’s widespread voter fraud in    New Hampshire New Hampshire ’    In California , Secretary of State Alex Padilla tweeted Sunday    night that Trump " appears . .. troubled " to be losing the popular    vote . ’ "    After Michigan was awarded to Trump Monday , Trump " Manhattan    billionaire ’s Electoral College advantage over Clinton expanded    to       "       " It appears that Mr. Trump is Trump " the fact that a growing    majority of Americans did not vote for him , " Padilla Trump " . " His    unsubstantiated allegations Trump "    fraud in California and    elsewhere are absurd . His reckless tweets are Trump " and    unbecoming of a    . " ’ 
 