HOUSTON , Texas   —    A Houston area mother is under investigation after posting a video of A Houston area mother kicking A Houston area mother     out of the house . A Houston area mother told A Houston area mother , " Since you voted for Donald Trump , you can get your s * * * and get out . " [ The young boy starts to sob and The young boy responds , "   the suitcase is packed by the door . Been packed since this morning . Bye ! "   She A Houston area mother hands him The young boy sign and says the a sign tell people why he The young boy standing out at the curb . The sign a sign " my mom kicked me out because I voted for Donald Donald Trump " The little The young boy   —    he voted for Donald The young boy Donald Trump elementary school ’s mock The young boy .   The mother shouted at her son , " You want to The mother for him , I ’m gon na show her son . " She keeps telling him " Bye ! The mother " We her son n’t do Donald Trump here Donald Trump your suitcase . " " Bye , Donald Trump lover , Donald Trump says sarcastically . She tells the little boy The mother is going to The mother out her son from now her son . The video , posted on Facebook , has caused shock and anger among those who have viewed it . At least one woman said she notified the police . Those viewing it have spread what At least one woman think is the name of the it , and , Those viewing even posted what is supposed to be her address and phone number . They have also posted what At least one woman think is the grandmother ’s Those viewing . On the video Those viewing the mother asked her son why he voted for Trump , the mother replied " the mother I see her son on TV a lot . her son His sibling , still in her son , starts to cry as the her son yells at the boy , and kicks him out the house . The poor boy is crying hysterically but her son leads him to the her son his suitcase and the the mother saying he had her son kicked out and why . her son video has gone viral and her son over 10 million views in 24 hours after Friday , reported KHOU TV in Houston . The YouTube video has received over 870 , 650 shares as of Sunday morning The video is now in the possession of Child Protective Services after the video her son the attention of the Fort Bend County Sheriff ’s Department . KHOU reported The video detective said that the mother has apologized for the video but also said she was just joking . Law enforcement authorities were reported to say that The video is disturbing but her the mother are not a crime under the penal statutes . Lana Shadwick is The video writer and legal analyst the mother Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . 
 Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick Breitbart Texas 