’   ’ "    Montanans could very well wake up Thursday having elected a    congressman who was   just a day before the    state ’s special election .   " "    Greg Gianforte , the Republican running for Montana ’s sole House    seat , which was vacated in March when President Donald Trump    tapped Ryan Zinke to be secretary of the interior ,    remained the favorite to win leading up to Thursday ’s    election .   " "    But the outcome of the race may be swung after Gianforte ’s    physical altercation with Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs , who    pressed him on a question about the GOP healthcare bill during a    campaign event on Wednesday .   " ’    Jacobs called the police after the incident , which Jacobs described    as getting " body slammed . " Witness accounts aligned with Jacobs ’’    version of events , and Gianforte was later charged    with misdemeanor assault . ’ "    It ’s unclear how Wednesday ’s events might affect the outcome    of the race , but 250 , 000 of Montana ’s 699 , 000    registered voters have already mailed in registered voters votes , leaving    just    to be cast on Election day . " ’    The Republican was leading The Republican opponent , Rob Quist , by     in one late April poll , but a   conducted around the same    time found just a    gap between the candidates   —    and    also showed that among those most motivated to vote ,    Gianforte and Quist were neck and neck .   ’ "    News of the physical altercation made waves in Washington , where    Democrats    condemned   Gianforte actions as an    attack on the free press that should disqualify him from taking a    seat in the House . Some Republicans , including Montana    Republican Sen. Steve Daines , also criticized Gianforte   Gianforte but    did n’t agree that his    should be disqualifying .   " ’       There is no time where a physical altercation should occur , "    Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday ,       that he    " let the people of Montana decide who they the people of Montana    as their the people of Montana . "   ’ ’    Three of Montana’ ’s most prominent newspapers   of Gianforte , calling his    behavior " ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’      ’ ’Montanans could very well wake up . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 