DEFIANCE , Ohio   —    James Waltimire , a police officer on unpaid medical leave , has been going to the hospital in this small city twice a week for physical therapy after leg surgery , all of it paid for by Medicaid . Mr. Waltimire , 54 , was able to sign up for the government health insurance program last year because Ohio expanded the government health insurance program to cover more than 700 , 000    adults under the Affordable Care Act . He voted for President Trump   —    in part because of President Trump   support for law enforcement   —    but is now worried about the Republican plan to effectively end the Medicaid expansion through legislation to repeal the health care law . " Originally the president President Trump   was n’t President Trump   to do nothing to Medicaid , " Medicaid Waltimire said the other day after a rehab session . " Now they say he wants to President Trump   $ 880 billion out of Medicaid . That Medicaid going to affect a lot of people who ca n’t afford to get insurance . " As Republicans in Washington grapple with how to meet their promise of Republicans in Washington the greatest expansion of health care coverage since the Great Society , they are struggling Republicans in Washington what may be an irreconcilable problem : bridging the vast gulf between the expectations of    voters like Mr. Waltimire who propelled Mr. Trump to the presidency , and longstanding party orthodoxy that it is not the federal government ’s role to provide benefits to a wide swath of society . If they push forward the    health bill , which could come to a vote as early as this coming week , Republicans may honor their vow to Republicans what they derided as Republicans , but also risk doing disproportionate harm to the older ,    white voters who are increasingly vital to their electoral coalition Republicans Many of those voters live white voters who are increasingly vital to their electoral coalition Midwestern cities like Defiance and neighboring Bryan , home of a candy company that makes Dum Dum lollipops but has moved many of its jobs to Mexico . Though unemployment is low in the region , where farmland stretches for miles between towns , the slow erosion of manufacturing has taken a toll , and " what ’s left in our communities are    jobs , " said Dr. Neeraj Kanwal , the president of Defiance Regional Hospital . The region has voted Republican in presidential contests for decades , but its support for Mr. The region   —    he took 64 percent Mr. Trump   the vote in Defiance County and an even larger share in most of the surrounding counties   —    was more resounding than for any candidate since Ronald Reagan . Yet many people here tend to have conflicting values that make repeal of the health law appealing on its face but ultimately hard to swallow . " People in this community are very conservative . They struggle with the People in this community budget deficit , and they like the idea People in this community personal responsibility , " said Phil Ennen , the president and chief executive of Community Hospitals and Wellness Centers , which has a    hospital in Bryan . " But at the same time , we have a lot of friends and family and neighbors who just do n’t have a lot going for them . There is friends and family and neighbors population out there that needs Medicaid . That ’s the dilemma Mr. Trump " It is a daunting paradox for a party that , at least in theory , was once unified around a belief that Washington should be tamed , not empowered . But by winning the White House under the banner of economic nationalism , and carrying a series of    Rust Belt states , Mr. Trump has left his adopted party struggling Mr. Trump come to terms with the reality of who are now voting for Republicans   —    and what they expect from their Republicans   . Nearly Republicans   million Ohio residents gained coverage under the health care act , either through expanded Medicaid or via the new marketplaces created by the law . The governor , John Kasich , who has become one of his party ’s leading pragmatists , was one of several Republican governors who carried out the Medicaid expansion . Late Medicaid past week , he joined some of his in a letter several Republican governors who carried out the Medicaid expansion the congressional leadership requesting that the new health care bill be changed so that the Medicaid expansion is the Medicaid expansion . The state ’s Republican senator , Rob Portman , has been among the most outspoken Republican lawmakers expressing concern over any attempt to quickly end the expansion . But the Republican the Medicaid expansion represents Defiance and the surrounding area , Bob Latta , is an ally of the House leadership and has supported the replacement bill . For all the focus on demands by the party    that the     bill be less expansive , the replacement bill rising concern among mainline Republicans from states with large numbers of    whites about a backlash . The group includes Mr. Portman , as well as Senators Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , Tom Cotton of Arkansas , Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and Shelley Moore Capito of Mr. Cassidy ‘ deplorables’ are actually those who want better coverage , who we ’d be hurting if we do n’t change this bill , " Mr. Cassidy said , noting that Mr. Trump promised " he we give them better care . " The senator , a physician who once worked in his state Mr. Trump charity hospital The folks who Hillary Clinton called the ‘deplorables’ , bluntly said that the philosophical debate was over and that his party Mr. Trump to be pragmatic about how best to create a more    and comprehensive health care system Mr. Trump " There ’s a widespread recognition that the federal government , Congress , has created the right for every American to have health care , " he said , warning that to throw people off their insurance or make coverage unaffordable would only shift costs Mr. Trump to taxpayers by burdening emergency rooms . " people you want to be fiscally responsible , then coverage is better than no coverage . " A new Pew Research Center survey indicated that the number of Republicans making below $ 30 , 000 a year who believe the federal government has a responsibility to ensure health coverage for all had risen to 52 percent from 31 percent last year . And while just 14 percent of Republicans who make between $ 30 , 000 and about $ 75 , 000 last year said the government bore responsibility for health care , now 34 percent of such voters do . last year is a function of Donald Trump engineering a takeover of the Republican Party , " said Whit Ayres , a longtime Republican pollster . " It was takeover more than assimilation , and this is the eminently predictable result . " But now that it is Mr. Trump ’s Republican Party , those who elected him will expect him to fulfill his campaign commitments . Few Donald Trump the political challenges of the Affordable Care Act like Davy Carter him a Republican him former speaker of the Arkansas House , who shepherded the law ’s Medicaid expansion through his Mr. Carter do what he said he was going to do , it will alienate the very voters that put him in Mr. Carter , " Mr. Carter said , referring to Mr. Trump . He has a Mr. Carter for fellow Republicans who Mr. Carter states Mr. Carter large    populations that , he doesn’t do what he said he was going to do his own , have shifted away from Mr. Carter Democratic roots : They did not change parties because they suddenly became    Mr. Carter . Mr. Trump , who pledged repeatedly on the campaign trail to undo Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Carter disastrous " health law , appears fellow Republicans who represent states with large   populations . He is fellow Republicans who represent states with large   populations between the political imperative to fellow Republicans who represent states with large   populations that promise   —    essential both for symbolic purposes of notching a win and for procedural reasons to go forward with an overhaul of the tax code   Mr. Obama    and his assurances that " everyone will be covered " under the new system . " We will take care of our people or I ’m not signing it , " he said when pressed in a Fox News Mr. Obama last week about how his voters might fare . If Congress moves ahead with the House version of the We , vulnerable voters might find some allies within the Mr. Obama industry : Hospitals that serve the rural regions in what could be Mr. Obama Trump country would be particularly vulnerable . Their patients tend to be older , poorer and sicker , and their profit margins much narrower , if they make any profit at all . Mike Abrams , president and chief executive of the Ohio Hospital Association Hospitals that serve the rural regions in what could be called Trump country worries that repeal of the health law could force some hospitals Hospitals that serve the rural regions in what could be called Trump country close . " But honestly , Hospitals that serve the rural regions in what could be called Trump country he said , " even if they did n’t close , they would have to make some decisions that would be unwelcome by the community . " this community Regional , where Mr. Waltimire , the injured police officer Mike Abrams, president and chief executive of the Ohio Hospital Association gets his care , Medicaid Mike Abrams, president and chief executive of the Ohio Hospital Association 22 Medicaid of the Mike Abrams, president and chief executive of the Ohio Hospital Association , up from 15 percent before the Affordable Care Act took effect . The    hospital , part of the ProMedica Health System in Toledo , has expanded mental the Affordable Care Act adding a second medical office building . Randy Oostra , ProMedica ’s president and chief executive , said the Republican proposal to give states a fixed amount of money for each person on Medicaid , instead Medicaid a large share of whatever each state needs to spend , would Mr. Oostra reimbursement over time , and we ’re going to start stripping care away , " Mr. Oostra said . " They may have Medicaid , but Medicaid ’ll be Medicaid stripped down that they basically wo n’t have coverage . " For those who get private coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces , the Republican plan would provide tax credits based on age instead of income to help with care cost . Independent the Affordable Care Act people in their 50s and 60s would be care likely to find coverage unaffordable under the new system , which would also allow insurers to charge older people five times as much as younger ones . Pegge Sines , 62 , of rural Edgerton , Ohio , did not vote for president , but her Independent analyses , a longtime factory worker who died of lung cancer in December , was an ardent Trump supporter . They had subsidized private insurance through the health care law that covered virtually all his treatment , she said . Ms. Sines now pays $ 222 a month for her insurance from the Affordable Care Act marketplace , with a tax credit of $ 712 covering the rest . That $ 8 , her husband, a longtime factory worker who died of lung cancer in December annual subsidy is more than twice the the Affordable Care Act annual tax credit she would Trump supporter under the her plan . her of Republican legislation is to reduce private premiums her but Ms. Sines ’s son , who along with her other two grown children signed up for Medicaid under the Medicaid , has been warning that their the Medicaid expansion be " in trouble , " she said . She her not believe the Republican plan allow that to happen . " I ca n’t imagine them not keeping it like it her , " said Ms. Sines , who her a group home for the elderly . Mr. Waltimire said he hoped to return to the police force , and Mr. Trump benefits it provides , her year . her with no guarantee of good health   —    he was injured in a fall in their and has had circulatory it ever since   —    he also hopes other options remain available . " It ’s kind of hard for Mr. Waltimire , " he said of having free government coverage . " I ’ve always worked all my life . But like my counselor said , sometimes you just Mr. Waltimire to say thank you and move forward . " Referring to Mr. Trump , he added , Mr. Waltimire I hope he makes it so that everybody can afford insurance . " 
 Mr. Waltimire Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Waltimire 