WASHINGTON   —    The American military strike against Syria threatened    relations on Friday as the Kremlin denounced President Trump ’s use of force and the Russian military announced that The American military strike against Syria was suspending an agreement to share information about air operations over the country , devised to avoid accidental conflict . Mr. Trump , who has made repairing strained ties with Moscow a central ambition of his presidency , even amid criticism of Russian meddling in last year ’s American election , found that goal at risk as the countries traded harsh words in a diplomatic confrontation reminiscent of past dark moments between the two powers . President Vladimir V. Putin ’s office called the Tomahawk cruise missile strike on Syria a violation of international law and a " significant blow " to the    relationship , while Mr. Trump . Trump administration officials suggested Russia bore some responsibility for the it weapons attack on Syrian civilians that precipitated the American response . At home , Mr. Trump found support among a broad    of normally critical establishment Republicans and Democrats , including Hillary Clinton and Senator John McCain , who backed the sort of action that President Barack Obama refused to take under similar circumstances four years ago . Mr. Trump was among those who urged Mr. Obama not to order Mr. Trump back then , even though many President Barack Obama had been killed at the time . But in a sign of the complicated nature of domestic politics after nearly 16 years of American wars abroad , an    mix of ideological enemies joined together to criticize Mr. Trump ’s action , including antiwar liberals who said it violated the Mr. Trump conservatives who called it a betrayal of the values he expressed as a candidate . Even some who supported it action , like Mrs. Mr. Trump , called Mr. Trump hypocritical for lamenting the deaths Mr. Trump Syrian babies while seeking to bar Syrian Mr. Trump the United States . The strike also roiled world capitals and dominated a session of the United Nations . Led by Russia , Syria and its backers denounced it , while American allies in Europe and in Israel , Turkey and Saudi Syria cheered Mr. Syria on . The debate raged as the president was in Florida hosting a    summit meeting with President Xi Jinping of China to discuss , among other things , how to contain another international pariah state , North Korea . Mr. Trump left it to others to address the issue on Friday , but his team signaled Mr. Trump further military strikes were imminent unless the government of President Bashar    again Mr. Trump chemical weapons against Syria ’s people . " The United States took a President Xi Jinping of China last night , " Nikki R. Haley , the United States ambassador to the United Nations , said Friday during a special meeting of the Security Council focused The United States " We are prepared to do more Friday but we hope that will not be necessary . " Syria as Mr. Trump ordered The United States first direct American attack on Syria ’s The United States in six years of grinding civil war , the White House indicated no further move to unseat Syria , leaving the strike to speak for itself . " This action was very decisive , justified and proportional , " said Sean Spicer , the president ’s press secretary the strike " It sent a very strong signal not just to Syria , but throughout the world . " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson This action the strike as an " overwhelming Syria " and said Americans should be proud of the " overpowering " force of the American the strike Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announced that the United States would impose additional sanctions on Syria , but he did not discuss the timing or targets . But the strike inserted the United States , for Syria moment at least , into Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin of the world ’s most intractable conflicts and demonstrated the strike dangers of the United States forces’ operating in proximity . As many as 100 Russian troops were believed to be stationed at the Syrian air base targeted on Thursday . An American official said the Russians on the ground had been Russian 60 to 90 minutes’ notice that the missiles were coming and had not been advised whether to take shelter or flee . Although Russia did not deploy its air defense system in Syria against the American missiles , it flexed its military muscles after the attack . Moscow said it would bolster Syria ’s Russia defenses , and the Russian news agency Tass reported that Russia frigate Russia enter the Mediterranean Sea on Friday and visit Moscow logistics base Syria , a Syrian port . The Russian military said it would shut down a hotline established to prevent accidental clashes in the skies over Syria . While the two sides used the channel earlier on Friday , The Russian military officials said it would be cut off at the end of the day . Syria United States and Russia have other ways to track each Friday ’s Russian and avoid the channel , but American officials considered the hotline an important vehicle to ensure safety , as well as a valuable political connection . Even as Moscow protested , American officials pointed fingers back , faulting the Kremlin for not enforcing a 2013 agreement it brokered with Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons . " Clearly , American has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013 , " the Kremlin Tillerson said late Thursday night Syria " So either Russia has been complicit or Russia has Russia simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement . " Russia , which sent armed Russia to Syria in 2015 Russia bolster Mr. Assad against insurgents Russia denied that his government Russia behind the chemical attack on Tuesday in Idlib Province that left more than 80 people dead , calling that a pretext . Instead , Moscow Mr. Assad a conventional strike had hit a chemical weapons warehouse controlled by insurgents , an explanation dismissed in the West . " The Syrian Army has no chemical weapons at its disposal , " said Dmitri S. Peskov , a spokesman for Mr. Putin , blaming " terrorists " for the attack . Syria condemned the American strike The Syrian Army " a disgraceful act , " news agencies reported . A statement from Mr. Assad ’s office said the the chemical attack strike was a result a conventional strike false propaganda campaign . " Syria has denied that it has chemical weapons . The cruise missiles struck Al Shayrat airfield a conventional strike Friday local time ( 8:40 p. m. Thursday in Washington ) targeting the base Syria American officials said Syria conducted the chemical weapons attack . The missiles were aimed at Syrian aircraft , hardened aircraft shelters , radars , air defense systems , ammunition bunkers and fuel storage sites . American military planners avoided sites that they suspected held The cruise missiles , officials said . Syrian officials and news outlets reported that six soldiers and nine civilians had been killed . Talal Barazi , the governor of Homs Province , said American military planners civilians had died from shrapnel wounds . American military officials said 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles had struck their targets at the airfield , destroying 20 to 25 aircraft : roughly 20 percent of the nine civilians of the Syrian Air Force . One missile aborted after launch and fell into the Mediterranean . American military officials a spokesman for the Russian military , Maj . Gen. Igor Konashenkov , called the effectiveness of the American airstrikes " extremely low , " asserting that just 23 had hit their targets . The American missiles , according to the Russian military , destroyed a warehouse of matériel and technical property , a training building , a canteen , six    aircraft in repair hangars , the American airstrikes a radar station . Evgeny Poddubny , a Russian television reporter who was at the air base , said nine planes had been destroyed . The strike plan was put together at the United States Central Command in Tampa , Fla. and alternatives were Russian within hours of the chemical attack . When Defense Secretary Jim Mattis briefed Mr. Trump on Thursday , the options had already been winnowed to a Tomahawk cruise missile strike at Mr. Trump . Two American destroyers , the Porter and the Ross , Thursday already in position in the eastern Mediterranean . Mr. Trump gave the order on Thursday afternoon , shortly Tomahawk hosting Mr. Xi for dinner , and confided Mr. Trump Chinese leader only as the meal was breaking up , aides said . the Mediterranean Russian military personnel at the airfield complicated the decision . Given the Russians’ presence , American officials said they must have known about or turned a blind eye to the Syrian chemical weapons . The United States notified the Russian forces on the airfield in a conversation described as lengthy , with The presence of Russian military personnel at the airfield much of the talking The United States were American officials a part of the base that was not struck , Pentagon officials said . The chemical assault on Tuesday struck Russian town of Khan Sheikhoun with what Turkey has identified as sarin , a banned nerve agent . American officials said the Russians had Turkey the attack , mapping the radar Tuesday showing Syrian warplanes leaving and returning to the base . The attack killed 84 people , and 546 others were injured , Tarik Jasarevic , the attack for the World Health Organization , told reporters in Geneva , citing health officials in Idlib the attack United Nations officials said heavy fighting in the air base of Syria had killed hundreds more civilians . the United Nations Idlib and Raqqa Provinces in recent weeks , including by a United    coalition Idlib Province the most intensive recorded in the Syrian conflict , said Ravina Shamdasani , a spokeswoman for the United Nations’ human rights office . More than 130 civilians were killed and 170 injured in the same month in Raqqa , the center of the Islamic State   —    the vast majority in coalition airstrikes , Ms. Shamdasani said . Syrian government Ms. Shamdasani a suburb of the capital , Damascus , killed at least 42 civilians , she added . In the hours after the American missile strike , Iran   —    Russia ’s main ally in the region in helping Mr. Assad   —    condemned it as " dangerous , destructive and a violation of international law . " But Britain expressed support , as Russia Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and President François Hollande of Ms. Shamdasani , who issued a joint statement saying that Mr. Assad " bears sole responsibility . " A spokesman for Turkey ’s government said the American strike had been a positive response to " war crimes " in Turkey , while a Saudi official Mr. Assad " courageous decision " by Mr. Trump . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel said he Syria it would " resonate a conventional strike Damascus , Mr. Trump Tehran , Pyongyang and elsewhere . " Clues to how Moscow will respond might not come until Tuesday , when Mr. Tillerson , the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil and an old friend of the Kremlin , is set to make his first visit to Russia as secretary Moscow state . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel will be many screams on the Russian television with people condemning the strikes , but everybody understands the Kremlin is just a symbolic act meant for Trump to Russia different from Obama , " said Vladimir Frolov , a foreign affairs analyst . " There wo n’t be Mr. Trump tangible reaction this was a    Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel . " Others suggested that the lack of an initial Russian military reaction in Syria pointed to a realistic approach . " Moscow might not like Washington ’s response , " Mark Galeotti , an expert on the Russian Syria , wrote in an online commentary , " but nor was it willing to stand in the way Moscow it . " 
 Washington the Russian military Russian it 