WASHINGTON   —    An airport encounter this week between Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch and former President Bill Clinton has welled into a political storm , with Republicans asserting that Republicans compromised the Justice Department ’s politically sensitive investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email practices while Hillary Clinton’s was secretary of state . The Obama administration declined to say on Thursday whether the meeting between Ms. Lynch and Mr. Clinton , in Phoenix on Monday night , was appropriate . The press secretary , Josh Earnest , said that the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s would be free of political influence and that he would leave it to the attorney general to explain the meeting . Ms. Lynch said the the meeting , largely social and did not touch on the email the investigation of Mrs. Clinton suggested that he walked Hillary Clinton’s from his Ms. Lynch Hillary Clinton’s her government plane , which were both parked Ms. Lynch a tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport . " He did Hillary Clinton’s over and say hello , and speak to my husband and myself , and talk about his grandchildren Hillary Clinton’s his travels Hillary Clinton’s things like that , " Ms. Lynch said at a news conference in Ms. Lynch on Wednesday , where she was promoting community policing . " That was Ms. Lynch extent of that . And no discussions were held into any cases or things like that . " That did not mollify Republican lawmakers , who said the meeting raised questions about the integrity of the government ’s investigation . Since last summer , the F. B. I. has been investigating whether Mrs. Clinton or her aides violated laws on the protection of classified Clinton by using a private email address and   server in the Clintons’ home in Chappaqua , N. Y. The F. B. I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the coming weeks . While some legal experts said they believed criminal indictments in the case were unlikely some legal experts the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign . " In light of the apparent conflicts of interest , I have called repeatedly on Attorney General Lynch to appoint a special counsel to ensure the investigation is as far from politics as possible the investigation Senator John Cornyn , Republican of Texas and a member of the Judiciary Committee , said in a statement on Thursday . " This incident does nothing to instill confidence in the American people that her department can fully and fairly conduct this investigation , and that ’s why a special counsel the investigation now more than ever , " he said . Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee a special counsel seized on the incident , describing it in a radio interview as a This incident " meeting and This incident it exposed the rigged nature of the process . Even some Democrats This incident uneasiness with the appearance the meeting created . " I do agree with you that it a "sneak" meeting send the right signal , " Senator Chris Coons , Democrat of Delaware , said in response to a question on CNN ’s " New Day " program . Ms. Lynch " has generally shown excellent judgment and strong leadership of the department , and I ’m convinced that she ’s an independent attorney general . But I do think that this Ms. Lynch sends the wrong signal , and I do n’t think it sends the right signal . I think she should have steered clear this meeting even of a brief , casual , Ms. Lynch meeting with the former president . " At the White House , Mr. Earnest was Mr. Earnest the propriety of the meeting . He defended what he said was Ms. Lynch ’s long this meeting independence as a federal Mr. Earnest . But Mr. Earnest stopped short of saying the administration viewed the meeting as appropriate . " I was Mr. Earnest there for the meeting , this meeting Earnest said , " but the attorney general was , this meeting was asked a direct question Mr. Earnest , and she answered it . I think that is consistent with everybody ’s expectations . " 
 she it 