Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ( CNN ) A south Asian merchant sits on a blanket covered with neatly arranged twigs . A south Asian merchant is surrounded by men eager to get A south Asian merchant hands on A south Asian merchant product . To an outsider , the scene is puzzling . But neatly arranged twigs are tooth cleaners known as miswak , and they neatly arranged twigs back to the time of Islam ’s Prophet Mohammed .   In many ways , Riyadh ’s central    area tries to recreate the Prophet Mohammed ’s time . The outdoor market , known as the souk , is lined with    traders of incense , traditional robes and gold . Across the street sits a desert fort . Around the corner is a sprawling plaza , whose charm belies a dark truth : it the corner Riyadh ’s execution square .   But for a town so dedicated to honoring Islam ’s early days , people here are embracing the present with open arms   —    specifically , this weekend ’s visit by US President Donald Trump , and the political future that they believe he represents .   Trump US President Donald Trump    overseas trip as President starts in the Saudi capital , and Arab hospitality here is on full display .   " He he very , very welcome , " one Saudi man told CNN quickly as he one Saudi man through the souk , or marketplace .   " I like Donald US President Donald Trump He ’s US President Donald Trump . He ’s US President Donald Trump to make everything different , " said Ahmad Al Mubarek , a    car dealer who says he lived US President Donald Trump a time in Florida where he trained US President Donald Trump a   . " Yeah , ( Trump is US President Donald Trump better than Obama . He ’s US President Donald Trump good man . He ’s US President Donald Trump to Saudi Arabia because he likes US President Donald Trump Arabia Saudi Arabia God bless America , " he added . God The sentiment is echoed in other parts of the kingdom ’s capital , where praise for the visit is spoken of in hushed and forceful tones .   At a press conference on Thursday , Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    hailed Trump ’s visit as a " turning of the page " in    relations .   " We think that Trump ’s choice Trump’s visit Saudi Arabia in his first foreign Trump’s is a historic choice , "    told the press conference . Trump is the Trump’s president to choose the Middle East as his first overseas Trump’s .    The capital    the Middle East weight into assuring the Middle East the visit is given its due , both the visit scale and ease . Across the city , hotels , ministries and the airports are swarming with volunteers and organizers , young and old .   They are pulling    hotels, ministries and the airports days    but they are    and hotels, ministries and the airports    is palpable . Some , while declining to state their names , speak Some the event as " the biggest thing that ’s happened to Saudi Arabia since its establishment . " Saudi Arabia flies in to Trump to join three summits : the Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia , the Gulf Cooperation Council and United States summit , and the United States relations summit .   At the Arab Islamic relations summit , Trump the Arab Islamic relations summit speech with 55 Muslim leaders and representatives in attendance .   Trump will deliver an " inspiring Trump yet direct " speech that will focus on " the need to confront radical ideology and his hopes , the President ’s Trump for a Trump Islam to dominate across the world , " said Trump ’s National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster Trump   The summits’ website opening page features a     countdown . Coming to make amends ? Deeply religious Saudi Arabians have n’t forgotten about some of Trump ’s more hostile remarks their religion , Trump some believe that the President has come to their Deeply religious Saudi Arabians to make amends .   During his campaign , Trump promised Deeply religious Saudi Arabians keep Muslims out of America Trump As the President , he went on to issue an executive order banning the entry of nationals the President six    countries .   The kingdom is home to Islam ’s two holiest sites , and the their kingdom preferred title is " Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques . "   " Maybe he ( will ) apologize for all Muslims for what he say about the President , " Abdulaziz AlRasheed , a currency trader , the President CNN . Asked about    nominee Trump ’s call for " the total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United Sates , " a linguistics professor at the King Saud University downplayed its importance .   " It is campaign rhetoric that tends to change with " a linguistics professor at the King Saud University presidency , " Abdullah al Asmari told CNN .   " ( Trump ’s ) goal is to confront radicalism but CNN primarily Islam , but radicalism is evil . "   It ’s all about Iran   For the Saudis that CNN spoke with , both officials and private citizens , only one issue matters CNN America ’s Iran policy .   At Thursday ’s press conference , Foreign Minister Jubeir devoted Iran greater part of his briefing on the US President ’s visit to calls for " " on Foreign Minister Jubeir kingdom ’s regional rival , Iran .   Saudi Arabia and Iran are at odds over a number of regional issues , including Iran ’s Iran program and what Saudis see as Tehran ’s growing influence in Iran ’s sphere of influence     especially in Syria , Lebanon and neighboring Yemen the kingdom of the kingdom ’s relationship with the new US administration , Jubeir said : " The policies the kingdom now being looked at are focused on driving the point home to Iran that if it wants to be treated as a normal nation it must act as one . "   Animosity towards Iran appears to inform many Saudis’ views it wants to be treated as a normal nation Trump . The President has promised to " tear Iran " former President Barack Obama ’s Iran nuclear deal , and the Saudis CNN spoke to are eager to see that happen . Iran " We would like to confront Iran . It has expansionist policies in the region , " Al Asmari told CNN .   Iran In Iran of confronting Iran . .. I think he is a reliable CNN . This is policy in the end Iran " 
 