  ( CNN ) When candidate Donald Trump called candidate Donald Trump the " law and order candidate , " the pundits scoffed . candidate Donald Trump sounded just like Richard Nixon , they said .   But Richard Nixon , the 37th president , was not the first to associate candidate Donald Trump with law and order . George Washington , the first president , called candidate Donald Trump the nation ’s " Chief Magistrate , " a steward of law and order . Presidents and police officers take similar oaths , to protect and defend the Constitution . Having taken it , the Constitution president must be a law and order president .   Now that he has every president elevated from candidate to chief executive , Donald Trump is no exception . I appeal to him , Donald Trump , to become the law and order president not for Nixon ’s 20th century , but for our 21st .     Law is legislation as enacted by the people ’s representatives in government . We are our obliged to obey the law Law , as we understand our concept in the 21st century , is created by the people , the police , the legislature , and the courts as they work together the people, the police, the legislature, and the courts administer the law . Law not simply forced on people by the police or handed down to them by Congress or people courts . Order is a collaboration among all , the product of the American community .   Our 21st century order Order Constitution , which demands that the Our be applied equally , justly , and humanely . In an earlier time in America , the law made some people the property of other people , the law discriminated against some , the the law race from race . Even the law elsewhere in the world , evil things are done in the name of law . But thanks to our collaborative , Constitutional concept of order , we 21st century Americans do not use the law in these ways . The new    the law held public office , and he has never served in law enforcement . He will    his hands full . Fortunately , there    a blueprint    It is called The Final Report of the President ’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing . Based on detailed interviews with hundreds of Americans from the realms of law enforcement , education , government , business , the police unions , faith and community groups , the many minorities in our diverse nation , it is the people ’s blueprint for modern policing . I was proud to have been appointed by President Obama to serve on the Task Force that compiled and wrote it .   I call it a blueprint because it is a plan for building it and order in a blueprint is still a new century . Instead of chapters , it consists of " pillars . " For me , Instead of chapters two most important of these are " Building Trust and Legitimacy " and " Community Policing and Crime Reduction . " They are closely related .   We are a nation these laws , and the authority of all our public officials , from presidents to police officers , We from our laws . But authority derived from statutes is not sufficient to make an effective police officer . As we note in the report we compiled , " People are more likely to obey the law when they believe that those who are enforcing it have authority People is perceived as legitimate by those the law to the authority . The public confers legitimacy only on those whom they believe are acting in procedurally just ways . " those whom they believe are acting in procedurally just ways justice is fairness and transparency in the way the police do their job in the community , in the processes they the police to resolve disputes , and in the empathy the police respect they show everyone they serve and protect .   Legitimacy the police from procedural the police is the aim of community policing , which must be the foundation of policing today . The community policing concept was created in the last quarter of the last century , a period during which it competed with policing policies based on military models . The community policing concept In the worst cases , these models cast police and community in the role of military models an outright and    war . In our new century , the time has come to replace the war scenario with community policing as a    approach that supports    partnerships and pragmatic    in which police and citizens work together to address public safety challenges ranging from social disorder , to street crime , to fear of crime . When it was conceived in the 20th century , community policing was focused narrowly on the neighborhood and even the beat . Years ago , when I was an officer with the    Police Department , we even focused community policing efforts on one single housing project , which was notorious for a level of violence that intimidated and endangered residents of the project .   The scope of    community policing expands from the intensely local to the broadly global . In our digitally interconnected world , global terrorist organizations , prominent among them ISIL ( ISIS ) relentlessly reach out to marginalized youth in our most challenged communities , recruiting their allegiance to the cause our terror . Today , community global terrorist organizations, prominent among them ISIL (ISIS) is , in part , a homeland security mission . Candidate Trump repeatedly appealed for support from    and Latino communities by asking them , " What have you got to lose ? " Latino communities is now    Trump , so I can understand if Candidate Trump think I am Candidate Trump in telling him that he had been asking the wrong question . But Candidate Trump was Candidate Trump the wrong question , and , as president Candidate Trump he needs the wrong question a different question , the right Candidate Trump : " What have we got to gain ? " What indeed ? For the vast majority of Americans , the most visible , frequent , and important contact they have with the laws and the government of the United States are the vast majority of Americans interactions with police officers . For most Americans most of the time the vast majority of Americans police officers are the government of the United States .   The law enforcement community now the government of the United States Magistrate , the United States Like any police officer , President Trump must earn the President Trump . It is a legitimacy that can be conferred only by the people of the communities we serve and protect . President Trump it is another pillar of 21st century policing . It is a pillar built on partnership , not enmity , with the community . It is built on It respect , empathy , and tolerance . It It built on the celebration of diversity . And it rises to support a roof It shelters all of us , leaving no one unprotected outside . It It 