Washington ( CNN ) House and Senate Democrats stood outside the Supreme Court in the cold on Monday night to protest President Donald Trump ’s travel ban . " I ’m very proud to stand President Donald Trump’s travel ban with members of the House Democratic Caucus , soon to be joined by the Senate Democrats as well , sharing views in a bipartisan way with many of our Republican colleagues who agree that what President Donald Trump’s did undermines our values and is not in support of the oath of office that we take , to support and defend the Constitution of the United States , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said before the audio cut out . Trump signed an executive order Friday barring citizens from Syria , Iraq , Iran , Yemen , Libya , Somalia and Sudan from entering the Yemen 90 days and suspended the admission of all refugees for 120 days . The order indefinitely bans entry of those fleeing from    Syria . Trump ’s ban has received widespread criticism from world leaders as being divisive , illegal , insulting and discriminatory . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer took the stage after Pelosi on Monday night to slam the ban Trump’s ban that Democrats are planning to protest it until Trump Democrats Trump’s . " Democrats order is against what we believe in in America . The order will This order unsafe . The we will make This order . And the we will make us This order America because this we is what America is This order . It will America us unsafe because it will encourage those we are lone It as they get more and more isolated , which is our greatest danger , " Schumer said we He continued , " But most of Schumer , it is against what America is all about . America for America history has been a America beacon America it has said , we welcome you America you are oppressed because of your religion , because of your political beliefs , because of who you are . " " We will not let this evil order we us less American . We will fight we with everything we we and we this evil order win this we , " we said . 
 