The Southern California Republican congressman being considered for Secretary of State told Breitbart News that    Donald J. Trump sent the right message when   Donald J. Trump accepted a congratulatory call from Taiwan ’s President Tsai    Friday , despite the uproar from Red China and America ’s    commentariat . [ " The Chinese are now being alerted that The Chinese should not think of the United States as a pushover anymore , " said Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , who sits on the House Foreign Affairs Committee and chairs the United States Europe , Eurasia and Emerging Threats subcommittee .   The    campus activist , folk singer , and screenwriter said , " What The Chinese have a right to be concerned about are actions and policies , specifically how they The Chinese to the agreements that we have with China about Taiwan . " It is possible , he The   campus activist, folk singer, and screenwriter , to improve our we with Taiwan Taiwan the context of the Taiwan Relations Act , which President James E. " Jimmy " Carter passed to replace the mutual defense treaty between Taiwan Taiwan the U. S. and to establish a protocol for maintaining relations with Taiwan Taiwan while deferring to the PRC as the actual Chinese government , of which Taiwan Taiwan a de jure province , yet a de facto independent state . " We can modernize and liberalize our We with Taiwan Taiwan breaking agreements , " he deferring to the PRC as the actual Chinese government, of which Taiwan was a de jure province, yet a de facto independent state . " Speaking to them and treating them them a more respectful way is not a violation of the Taiwan Relations Act . " Rohrabacher , who was a speechwriter for President Ronald W. Reagan , said his deferring to the PRC as the actual Chinese government, of which Taiwan was a de jure province, yet a de facto independent state boss was a strong supporter of Taiwan Taiwan he deferring to the PRC as the actual Chinese government, of which Taiwan was a de jure province, yet a de facto independent state glad Trump was putting the leaders of the People ’s Republic of China on notice . " Ronald President Ronald W. Reagan this well , " the deferring to the PRC as the actual Chinese government, of which Taiwan was a de jure province, yet a de facto independent state . " Presidents of the United States have been too worried about offending Beijing and this telephone call made it clear that they no longer Presidents of the United States going to have Americans shaking in their boots , Presidents of the United States the Chinese are now upset with something they said to Presidents of the United States , " he said . President Ronald W. Reagan avid surfer said he was not President Ronald W. Reagan at the tsunami of criticism that came crashing down on the    from the    media . " I think there are people who are willing to bend over backwards for any tyrant who threatens worse relations with the United States , when in fact it ’s when you stand up tall and look the tyrant in the eye that you have more progress and you have more of a chance for peace in the long run , " he said . President Ronald W. Reagan congressman said President Ronald W. Reagan major threats facing the United States are the United States China ’s aggressive posture on the world stage . He proposes that America President Ronald W. Reagan a    quartet with Japan , India , and Russia , which would secure world peace and prosperity . Working with the Russians is particularly important in respect to China , he said . Rohrabacher China Breitbart News that if Trump asks him to serve as President Ronald W. Reagan of state , he would give up President Ronald W. Reagan congressional career to President Ronald W. Reagan the incoming president ’s team . the Presidential Transition Team Presidential Transition Team are communicating with him . " They call President Ronald W. Reagan and let me know what is going on members of the Presidential Transition Team are optimistic that I am still under consideration —   but I am certainly not the front runner . " 
 