Washington ( CNN ) The difference between " Islamic extremism " and " Islamist extremism " ? One exhausted President . President Donald Trump ’s substitution of the slightly different terms during President Donald Trump highly anticipated speech in Saudi Arabia on Sunday might go unnoticed by the average US listener .   But the subtle change     or slip , as the White House called it     could mean the difference between offending Middle Eastern allies and not , a concern for any president looking to create a good first impression with a key ally on a first trip abroad . Using the word " Islamic , " a reference to the religion , in the same breath as " terrorism " could be seen by Muslims as an affront to Muslims faith and actually play into the terrorists’ " clash of civilizations " narrative     reasons why President Barack Obama assiduously avoided the combination during President Barack Obama presidency . " Islamist , " meanwhile , refers to political movements that seek to implement Islamic law and theology , making it less objectionable to Muslims when paired with " terrorism , " the idea goes . Trump , however , often repeated the more controversial " radical Islamic terrorism " on the campaign trail in a deliberate and implicit criticism of President Barack Obama , implying that Trump preferred phrasing betrayed naivete or , worse , political correctness at the expense of realism about how to defeat the terrorist threat . Trump speech marked a departure from his Trump on the campaign and in the Oval Office     at least , to a degree . Although the prepared remarks referred to " Islamist extremism , " Trump Trump referred to both " Islamists " and " Islamic extremism , " as well as " Islamic terror , " in the speech . " There is still much work to be done , " Trump Trump . " That means honestly confronting the crisis of Islamic extremism and the Islamists and Islamic terror of all kinds . " On Sunday night , a senior White House official said Trump Trump to say " Islamic extremism " instead of " Islamist extremism " as written in his prepared a senior White House official was not intentional but the product of exhaustion brought on by the rigorous travel schedule . " Just an exhausted guy , " the senior a senior White House official to the White House , the     President had n’t gotten much sleep . He edited the speech with his aides the    President the    journey from the    President , White House press White House Spicer said , and spent the remainder of the flight reading newspapers , an aide said . Asked on Air Force One about the President ’s fatigue , Secretary of State the    President reporters Monday , " He ’s doing better than I am . And he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson got a few years on me . " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with Muslim world , Trump ’s White House press secretary Sean Spicer , in which he also is visiting Israel and Europe , gives him Trump’s opportunity to reset relations with the Muslim world Trump’s The President chose Saudi Arabia     home to the world ’s two holiest Muslim sites     for his the Muslim world stop in what his top aides have described The President an overtly symbolic gesture . The President his presidential campaign , Trump ’s rhetoric often blurred the lines The President Islam at large and " radical Islam "     like when he said " Islam hates us " in a CNN interview The President March 2016 . Beyond his Muslim ban proposal and call to surveil US mosques , The President also said he was open to creating a database of Trump’s in the Trump’s     none of which he has disavowed . And Trump ’s outreach to the Muslim Trump’s comes as he is Trump’s a policy that many have labeled as inherently Trump’s . As Trump speaks in Saudi Arabia , his administration is continuing to Trump’s in court to reinstate the Trump’s ban targeting several    countries that Trump hoisted as a key component of his counterterrorism efforts . Trump’s ’s speech on Islam was authored Trump’s Stephen Miller , Trump’s wrote the President ’s travel ban , a White House official has told CNN . The official said the speech has been put together through a collaborative a White House official the Trump’s speech on Islam , but that Stephen Miller was the primary author . ’Tremendous stamina’ Trump ’s fatigue also invokes comments he made as a candidate : his regular evisceration of " " Jeb Bush stamina’ Trump Hillary Clinton . " She stamina’ Trump n’t have the look . She does n’t have the stamina . Jeb Bush said she does n’t have the Jeb Bush . And I do n’t believe she does Jeb Bush the stamina . the stamina president of this country , you Jeb Bush tremendous stamina , the stamina said during the first presidential debate . 
 stamina’ Trump 