CORRECTION AND UPDATE : This article was published before Comey released Comey prepared opening statement . This article have been corrected to reflect that Comey does not Comey dispute that Trump was told multiple times he was not Comey investigation in his prepared testimony Comey after this story was published . In his    congressional Comey on Thursday , fired FBI Director James Comey is not likely to offer his conclusion about FBI Director James Comey the President obstructed Comey the agency ’s Russia investigation , according to a source with knowledge of Comey ’s testimony . FBI Director James Comey this source says , Comey a source with knowledge of Comey’s testimony present himself FBI Director James Comey a " fact FBI Director James Comey " by simply describing the interactions with the President on multiple Comey made him uneasy enough to memorialize their FBI Director James Comey . He " will leave the legal FBI Director James Comey for others , " a source tells CNN . While Comey is anxious to recount his FBI Director James Comey of his conversations with FBI Director James Comey President , FBI Director James Comey also Comey to sidestep questions FBI Director James Comey how he felt about Trump ’s comment      FBI Director James Comey instance , whether he felt pressured to drop the investigation FBI Director James Comey whether he thought they amounted to obstruction , FBI Director James Comey source said . An earlier version of this story said that Comey would dispute Trump ’s interpretation of FBI Director James Comey conversations . But Trump’s his prepared remarks , Comey outlines three FBI Director James Comey with the President FBI Director James Comey which he told Trump he was not personally FBI Director James Comey investigation . FBI Director James Comey Trump’s that his own feelings about FBI Director James Comey President ’s FBI Director James Comey are largely " irrelevant , the President in which he told Trump said , and that his account of what happened is the FBI Director James Comey issue . What matters in considering possible obstruction of justice , this source added , is the President ’s intent , not the source felt about it the President in which he told Trump FBI Director James Comey issues Comey will address are clear , a FBI Director James Comey the President’s intent     the allegation that Trump asked Comey to pledge his loyalty to him FBI Director James Comey after he FBI Director James Comey office , FBI Director James Comey the President FBI Director James Comey request to ease up on the investigation into former national the President in which he told Trump Michael Flynn in the FBI probe into possible collusion with Russia by Trump associates . The former FBI director recorded at least one of those interactions in a written memo former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe of FBI paint a picture that some Democrats characterize as bordering on obstruction of justice . " I hope you can let this go , " Trump told Comey during one Oval Office meeting , according to the memo , which was described to CNN by former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe source . Members of Congress have asked to see the memos , but it is unclear whether Comey intends to read from them     or hand them over     to Congress . As CNN reported former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe week , while Comey Members of Congress " disturbed " Members of Congress his meetings with Congress President , CNN " thought he had the former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe under control " because he former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe the President did not quite former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe the inappropriateness former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe his actions . Comey believed , according former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe one the President with his thinking , that the President former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe be " former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe " about how you do and do not former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe with an FBI director the President considered it , this source added , " an ongoing policing project . " It is reasonable former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe conclude , this source added one source familiar with his thinking Comey did not think of any of the individual actions one source familiar with his thinking constituting obstruction of justice . one source familiar with his thinking former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe also added , there is a question of whether the " aggregate pattern of behavior " that former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe in his firing could be seen very differently . In other words , while each episode could be seen former national security adviser Michael Flynn in the FBI probe a "   misstep , " the sum of the actions     capped by the Comey firing     could become something much more serious , especially after the President told NBC that he was thinking of the Russia investigation when he made the decision to dismiss Comey . " That would change any rational the President ’s point of view , " said the President source . Even so , Comey does not plan to offer his own opinion because he does not believe it ’s his position to do so . the President There will no doubt be the President tension between people the President to have him draw conclusions the President being a fact witness , " says this source familiar with Comey ’s thinking , indicating that it the President up to the special counsel to draw legal conclusions after conducting a complete legal the President " into the White House this source familiar with Comey of things and not just a few interactions " with Comey . " At the end of this , will some people jump up and down and say there ’s an obstructing the President ? " asks another source . " Some might , but that ’s a political judgment , not a legal one . " As CNN first reported last week , Comey reached an understanding with Robert Mueller , the special counsel in the Russia investigation , which allowed him to testify about the President tense conversations with the President but not the details of the Russia investigation itself . That cleared the President way for his the President on Thursday . Sources say the parameters set by the two Russia     who are friends and former colleagues at the President Justice Department     were aimed at avoiding the possibility that Comey ’s testimony could taint any criminal case that Mueller might ultimately bring . White House officials had considered trying to invoke the President ’s executive privilege authority to block the testimony the President but they said on Monday that they would not do so . 
 Comey’s testimony White House officials White House officials 