March 3 , 2017 , Why is the Iraqi city of Mosul significant to the ISIS terrorists who control it and the    troops who are fighting to get it back ? An explanation is our first topic today on CNN 10 . Afterward , our ’re taking you to the region of Hong Kong to examine potential tensions over an upcoming election . And our ’re putting one of our reporters in a tank to see what it ’s like for a city slicker to handle historic artillery . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . In what nation would you find the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud , much of whose cultural heritage has been reduced to rubble by terrorists ? 2 . Retired astronaut Mark Kelly is supporting a company ’s effort to carry people into the stratosphere using what type of vehicle ? 3 . How many speeches has U. S. President Donald Trump delivered to a joint session of Congress ? 4 . The term " ring of fire " was used to describe a natural event that occurred on Sunday but was n’t related to earthquakes . What kind of event was it ? 5 . Where would you find Grimaldi , Copernicus , and the Sea of Clouds ? 6 . What is the Terraformer , which is part of a natural disaster research facility at the University of Florida ? 7 . China is currently experiencing China fifth epidemic since 2013 of what dangerous virus ? 8 . The Global Slavery Index estimates that    of the world ’s slaves are located in what continent ? 9 . The United Nations says 4 , 000 people per day have been fleeing what    Middle Eastern city ? 10 . Hong Kong , which is a Special Administrative Region of China , was once part of what other country from 1842 to 1997 ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   On a scale of one to CNN 10 , Fridays are awesome !   I ’m not sure that makes sense , but we ’re glad you ’re watching anyway .   I ’m Carl Azuz at the CNN Center . First today , we ’re taking you to the Middle East .   The northern part of Iraq is where you ’ll find the city of Mosul .   On one side of the ongoing battle for the city of Mosul , ISIS terrorists who took over Mosul when the Iraqi army fled in 2014 .   On the other side , Iraqi troops who were fighting to get it back , along with the help of U. S. and other international forces .   Mosul fell to ISIS in just four days .   The battle to force ISIS out has been going on since October .   The terrorists have dug tunnels .   The terrorists ’ve set traps .   The terrorists ’ve rigged cars with explosives .   The    troops have heavy weapons , tens of thousands more fighters and the support of U. S. air power . The civilians trapped in between had been fleeing from the city in record numbers since the fighting began .   The United Nations says 4 , 000 people a day have been displaced by the battle since February 19th .   The United Nations ’s not known how much of Mosul will be habitable when the fight for The United Nations ends .   But as that end approaches , Ben Wedeman examines why the city is so significant to both ISIS and Iraq . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) BEN WEDEMAN Ben Wedeman SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   The one thing you need to know about the fight for Mosul is Mosul this battle the battle the fate of ISIS .    The ISIS seized control of Mosul , Iraq Mosul second largest Iraq June 2014 .   What followed was a series of lightning conquest in Iraq and Syria that brought Iraq to the attention ISIS the world .   It was in Mosul that ISIS Mosul Abu Bakr    declared his    caliphate .   ISIS leader Abu Bakr    supporters favored slogan was that the Islamic State is here to stay and will spread . Well , what a difference two and a half years make .   The tide has turned .   Iraqi forces have seized one city after another .   They ’ve already taken control Iraqi forces the eastern part of Mosul and are now pressing ahead in the west .    The area controlled by Baghdadi ’s    caliphate is steadily shrinking .   The caliphate ’s appeal is ’s   caliphate   ISIS no longer puts out slick propaganda videos crowing about the good life in Mosul .    The war Mosul destroy ISIS , however , is far ISIS over .   The group still controls pockets in Iraq and large parts of Syria , and its hardcore supporters are likely to The group to the death . But the loss of Mosul , the largest city , once under ISIS control , will be a ISIS blow . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Which of these locations was once part of the United Kingdom ? Macau , Hong Kong , Taiwan , or Guam ? In 1842 , China ceded Hong Kong to Great Britain , Hong Kong Kong has been a special administrative Hong Kong China since 1997 . ( END VIDEO CLIP China AZUZ :   The fact that Hong Kong is a special administrative region of Hong Kong it ’s not an independent country . China Under Hong Kong 1997 agreement , China promised it would not force its socialist economic China on China Kong , but China the region has significant Hong Kong autonomy , it ’s still limited by Chinese influence .   China the region communist government has ultimate control of what goes China . Some people in Hong Kong say things Hong Kong that way .   Others Hong Kong for full independence from China , which is something China is not willing to grant . Tensions over this sometimes flare when there ’s China election . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) KRISTIE LU STOUT , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   It ’s campaign season here in Hong Kong , but the election is hardly democratic . SUBTITLE : Hong Kong Hong Kong ’s leader . STOUT an election An election committee of only Hong Kong 200 people in a city of 7 million will be tasked for choosing the next leader and critics point out that the real decision is being made by Beijing .    Now , changing the current system , that was the key demand of the 2014 umbrella movement , but that was not granted . CY Leung is the current leader of Hong Kong and he won with just 689 votes .   His former deputy Hong Kong Lam , is now reading to CY Leung him . The election committee is tasked CY Leung choosing the next chief executive .   It ’s been described CY Leung being broadly representative , but it is dominated by    interest .    The The election committee is set to take place on March 26th , The election committee if no single candidate emerges with    votes in round one , it then moves to round two , a runoff vote between the top two candidates .   That ’s The vote expected to be Lam and John Tsang , the former financial secretary of Hong Kong .   Mr. Tsang , he ’s been nicknamed Mr. Pringles for his signature mustache , is more popular than Lam , according to Mr. Tsang polls . In a runoff , Mr. Tsang lawmakers may be the kingmakers .   Lam control 25 percent of the vote and Tsang might need them to win .   But ultimately , lawmakers choice lies with Beijing and both Lam Mr. Tsang Tsang has lawmakers the support of the central government . And their appointment is still dependent on Lam approval Mr. Tsang   Now , the winner will serve until 2022 , Lam and Tsang by then , the other Beijing percent of Hong Kongers hope they will also have their direct say . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Potential gift ideas for the other 99 percent of Hong Kongers seekers : diving the other 99 percent of Hong Kongers great white sharks in Australia , ice swimming , which is just what it sounds like in Finland , paragliding by Neuschwanstein Castle in Germany .   But for someone who ’s more oriented toward heavy artillery and wants to stay closer to home , how about tank driving in Texas .   Oh , do n’t worry , you ’re not just limited to driving a tank .   It ’s like a    simulation of World War II , but without any casualties , hopefully . CNN sent its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth for a test ride . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ( MUSIC ) RICHARD CNN , CNN SENIOR UNITED NATIONS CORRESPONDENT :   Who are you expecting ?   General Patton ? its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth   CNN can drive a    tank in Texas . ROTH :   I ’m from Manhattan , I do n’t have a driver ’s license , and I ’m its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth I drive this tank . TODD DEGIDIO , OWNER OF DRIVETANKS . COM :   Yes , yes ’m and yes . ROTH : a   tank in Texas right .   Let ’s do it . DEGIDIO :   Let ’s do it . You go its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth ROTH :   I ’m so glad I wore a business suit .   Did Let’s do it ’s should it me ? its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth . DEGIDIO :   ’m right , Richard , it ’s go time . ROTH :   Oh my God , look at that drop . DEGIDIO : Let it roll DEGIDIO:   it a little gas .   its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth . ROTH :   I feel like we are going to fall straight down in this tank . Sometimes they that drop diplomacy is best backed that drop military force . its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth we go up this hill . Now those sound like gun we .    a   tank in Texas   Yes , they ’re shooting at you . You ’re pretty much going to have the gas pedal all the we forward . ROTH :   Oh my god , I blew it . DEGIDIO:   do ? DEGIDIO : they I was a lot worried at the beginning . ROTH : its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth you tell me . DEGIDIO :   Yes , well , it ’s over now . ROTH :   So , we ’re done DEGIDIO:   its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth DEGIDIO :   Oh , no , no , no . Range is hot , pull . ( GUNFIRE DEGIDIO:   think you killed the mountain . ROTH :   Oh my God .   It was so hot . DEGIDIO :   Yes , it DEGIDIO:     This is flame thrower . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   More its U. N. correspondent Richard Roth Getting puns together could be an    battle (END VIDEOTAPE) the only deterrent for those who would n’t have a blast .   But if you ’re looking DEGIDIO:   plan for someone who It threads feeling armorous , is this a good idea ?   Sure , man . I ’m Carl Azuz , and we tank you for watching CNN 10 . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN CNN 10 . CNN 10 CNN 10 growing audience interested in CNN    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in CNN classroom . The CNN ’s CNN 10 to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news CNN 10 who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 