Washington ( CNN ) NAACP President Cornell William Brooks derided Donald Trump Wednesday , saying Donald Trump recent comments about    were " an insulting degree of ignorance    insensitivity . " On Tuesday , the Republican presidential nominee said    communities in the US are " absolutely in the worst shape that communities in the US ’ve ever been in before . " " communities in the US ’re going to rebuild communities in the US inner cities because communities in the US    communities are absolutely in the worst shape that our   communities ’ve ever been in before . Ever . Ever . Ever , " Trump told a nearly    crowd during a rally in North Carolina . Brooks said Trump assertion ignores " the fact that    were lynched ,    were forced to drink out of colored water fountains , ride the back of the bus , were enslaved in this North Carolina .. demonstrates a profound ignorance of history and insensitivity to what we are going through at this very moment . " Trump touts Mr. Trump practice amid black outreach , " Mr. Trump , for anyone to assert that the    community is in the worst shape ever , ever , ever , to say that , to assert that with a    face is to demonstrate an insulting degree of ignorance    insensitivity , " Brooks told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . "   Brooks , who represents the nonpartisan NAACP , added , " We expect Brooks, who represents the nonpartisan NAACP from our presidential candidates . " Trump campaigned Wednesday in Ohio alongside former boxing promoter Don King , who used the    while introducing the businessman during an event at a church . King , who is black , said the word as he argued the businessman    can not achieve success by emulating white people , as they will white people " negroes . " " If you ’re poor , you are a poor negro     I would use the       but if you ’re rich , you are a rich negro . If you are intelligent , intellectual , you are intellectual negro . If you are a dancing and sliding and gliding n * * * * *     I mean negro     you are a dancing and sliding and gliding negro , " King said , laughing along with the crowd after the   . " You ’re going to be a negro ’til you die . " Trump , who was already smirking as he listened to King , King n’t change the expression on his face he but turned slightly uncomfortably to his special he Michael Cohen and the church ’s pastor , Darrell Scott , who head up Trump ’s diversity coalition . 
 