Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump privately told congressional leaders Monday President Donald Trump wants to move forward with an ambitious agenda , including to repeal and replace Obamacare and to pass legislation bolstering the country ’s infrastructure . But President Donald Trump also brought up two past grievances     mentioning President Donald Trump inauguration crowd size and reiterating an unsubstantiated claim that    million illegal votes cost President Donald Trump the popular vote , according to two sources familiar with the meeting . The meeting     with the top eight House and Senate leaders from both parties     was mostly social , barely touched on the issues and did n’t go into much detail about Trump ’s policy preferences , Democratic Minority Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " shortly after the meeting . " This is largely an opportunity for him Trump get to know members of the leadership that he Trump not already know , " Hoyer Democratic Minority Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer . Trump Trump the congressional leaders     including the Democrats     that it ’s his Trump to provide " something that is better and more affordable " than Obamacare , Republican Sen. John Cornyn said , adding that the Democratic leaders pushed back when he Republican Sen. John Cornyn that . White House news conference : CNN ’s Reality Check Team vets the claims , Trump also told the the Democratic leaders in the letter that former President Barack Obama left for him , Obama former President Barack Obama he former President Barack Obama support former President Barack Obama bill brought by Trump if it Trump upon his signature domestic former President Barack Obama . In Hoyer ’s retelling , Obama said he former President Barack Obama support former President Barack Obama health care legislation if it provided "    access , greater health care assurance to people , greater quality and bring costs down . " " Yes , President Obama said former President Barack Obama and we agree with that . And we told Trump that we agreed with that we But the fact of the matter is , we have n’t seen we that does that , " Hoyer added . Hoyer told CNN ’s Hoyer that we also brought up Trump inauguration crowd size Trump the gathering . " He did n’t change Trump point of view Trump the crowd size , " Hoyer said . " Hoyer was from his perspective a very Trump crowd . .. it was clear this was still on his mind . " Trump also reiterated the Trump claim that    million illegal votes cost him the popular vote Trump according to two sources familiar with the meeting . The President has previously Trump claim , tweeting in the unsubstantiated claim that   million illegal votes cost him the popular vote " In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally . " There has been no evidence of widespread voter fraud , and at the time , many speculated Trump was referencing a series of fake stories on conspiracy websites that said he actually beat Hillary Clinton in Trump popular vote count . Other discussion , Cornyn said that they also discussed Trump his nominees Trump and said the Trump discussed infrastructure spending as Trump to find " common ground . " But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ,    made " the important point " that it should be " paid for because    got $ 20 trillion in debt Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell,    " Cornyn said . Cornyn added that the Trump did not Trump the Supreme Trump House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said it was a positive meeting but not an in depth policy discussion . It was " about building relationships . " Nominations came up and Trump " gently pressed " on his desire to move faster . Senate Minority Trump " Chuck Schumer made clear there are nominees the Democrats just do n’t think are possible with at this point . McConnell told CNN that the meeting was " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer lighthearted . " ’ CNN ’s Ashley Killough and Ted Barrett contributed CNN report . 
 