  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump may be having US President Donald Trump biggest day of diplomacy yet , speaking by phone Saturday with five world leaders     most significantly Russia ’s Vladimir Putin and Germany ’s Angela Merkel . It was US President Donald Trump first phone conversation with the Russian President since his the Russian President last week , and one whose outcome will be closely studied .   CNN ’s Matthew Chance in Moscow said a Kremlin summary of the phone call talked about stabilizing the relationship between the two nations and several other subjects . Some of the other issues included restoring trade ties , international terrorism , the situations in Ukraine and the Korean Peninsula , and the coordination of military action against ISIS and other terrorist groups in Syria .   The Kremlin call summary did n’t specifically mention US sanctions against Russia . It The Kremlin call summary restoration of mutually beneficial economic ties " could further stimulate progressive and stable development of bilateral relations , " according to a CNN translation of the Russian statement . The White House called the    chat a significant start to improving a relationship " in need of repair . " Both Trump and Putin said before the call that they Trump and Putin like to see warmer ties between their Trump and Putin nations . However , relations between Trump Trump his Trump and Russia have been under scrutiny following allegations that Moscow meddled in the US election last year . Speaking Friday at his Trump White House news conference , Trump Trump a willingness to work with Moscow Moscow But he Trump it was " too early " to discuss removing sanctions that his Trump , President Barack Obama , imposed on Russia . " We ’re looking to have a great relationship with all countries , " Trump Trump . " If we can have a great relationship with Russia Russia China and all all countries I ’m all for that . " Friday night , however , a senior administration official said the current plan was not to lift the Russian sanctions . The Kremlin had sought to lower expectations , suggesting Putin was calling as a matter of protocol to congratulate the US leader on his inauguration Putin But there is excitement in Russia about a possible detente between Washington and Moscow under the Trump administration . Besides imposing the Russian sanctions , Obama earlier this month expelled 35 Russian diplomats Russian the United States over alleged Russian interference Russian the 2016 election . Flurry of calls , Before speaking with Putin , Trump held a call with Merkel and spoke to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , a key ally in Asia . The    phone call between Trump and Trump included a discussion of the threat posed by North Korea , and both leaders agreed to speak face to face in Washington on February 10 .   Abe and Abe the significance of Defense Secretary James Mattis’ upcoming visit to Asia , according to the White House .    Later Saturday , Trump was Trump speak with French President François Hollande and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull .   Trump ’s Trump Abe and Turnbull come days after he Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull an executive order Abe the United States from the    Partnership , or TPP , a massive trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration that Congress had not yet ratified . Both Abe and Turnbull supported Abe and Turnbull between Trump and Abe did not include a Abe Abe and Turnbull for the TPP , a    Japanese government official told reporters . The flurry of telephone diplomacy comes a day after Trump received his first foreign leader at the White House Trump UK Trump Minister Theresa May , who announced that Trump will make a state visit to the United Kingdom Trump In a speech to US Republicans , May urged Trump to tread carefully as he deals with Russia , Trump : " With President Trump , my advice is to engage but beware . " Trump also spoke by phone Friday with Mexican President Enrique Trump Nieto after a row over Trump ’s plans for a wall along the    border Trump in Peña Nieto canceling a planned trip to Washington . Fences Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto ? Trump ’s call with the German Chancellor was likely not Trump easiest of the day . In an interview this month with The Times newspaper in London and the German publication Bild , the US President called Merkel " by far the most important leader " in Europe     but was critical of the welcome she has extended to refugees . " I think she made one very catastrophic mistake and that was taking all she these illegals , you know taking all of the people from wherever they come from . And nobody even knows where they come the people , " Trump said in that interview . the people also appeared to undermine the European Union , currently grappling Trump the prospect of Britain ’s exit , saying : " You look at the European Union and it ’s Germany . Basically a vehicle the European Union That ’s why the European Union thought the UK was so smart in Germany out . " Merkel , who is running for a fourth term in office later this year and faces criticism from political opponents over her refugee policy , declined to comment on Trump ’s remarks . In their call Saturday , Trump and Merkel discussed NATO and other topics , officials said .   their recognized that NATO must be capable of confronting    threats and that our common defense requires appropriate NATO in military capabilities to ensure all Allies are contributing NATO fair share to our collective security , " the White House reported .   all Allies German statement used NATO phrasing " common defense investment in military capabilities and a fair contribution of all allies . " Trump will attend the G20 summit in Hamburg , Germany , in July , the two statements said . Hollande outspoken , Trump may also have to build bridges with France , traditionally a close ally of Trump United States . Hollande , who plans to stand down as president this spring , was outspoken at a joint news conference Friday with Merkel about the " challenges " the Trump administration poses for Europe in terms of trade and global diplomacy . " We of course have to speak to Donald Trump , as he was chosen by the Americans to be their president . But we have to Donald Trump it with a European point of view the Americans promote our interests and values , " he said in Berlin .   The French government we Hollande referred to NATO as Donald Trump and also told Trump the nuclear agreement with Iran needs to be respected and fully implemented . Hollande added that the nations should be vigilant with Tehran . The French President told Hollande new American leader that situation in Syria requires a political Hollande involvement of the Hollande to the French statement . As to the crisis in eastern Ukraine , Hollande said sanctions must stay in place until the Minsk agreement is implemented . The White House said Trump offered Hollande for the loss of life in terrorist attacks in France and discussed his desire to cooperate more on counterterrorism and security . " The leaders also lauded our combined efforts to eliminate Hollande in Iraq and Syria , " the White House statement said .   It also said Trump , as in the other calls , reiterated the The White House NATO and the importance of allies the White House statement costs . Trump 