Washington , DC ( CNN ) Donald Trump gave an uncharacteristically subdued response Friday to the shooting rampage in Munich , Germany , offering Donald Trump prayers to the victims . " his prayers are with all those affected by the horrible attacks in Munich , " Donald Trump said in a statement . " This can not continue . The rise of terrorism threatens the way of life for all civilized people , and we must do everything in our we to keep it from our we . " He later tweeted , " Another attack , this time in Germany . Many killed . God bless the people of Munich . " The statements come one day after Trump painted a foreboding picture of the US in his He speech at the Republican National Convention , when he He of police killings , murders committed by undocumented immigrants and the threat of terrorism on US soil . The Republican nominee ’s response also contrasts with comments he The Republican nominee in the immediate aftermath of the terror attacks in France , where he The Republican nominee he The Republican nominee seek a declaration of war against ISIS , and his The Republican nominee after the nightclub shooting in Orlando , in which he The Republican nominee credit " for being right on radical Islamic terrorism . " Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton offered a cautious response Friday , tweeting , " Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich . We stand with our We in Germany as they our friends in Germany to bring those responsible to justice . " She Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton not address the attack at an afternoon campaign rally in Tampa , Florida . Just hours before the the attack President Barack Obama rebuked Trump for his convention speech President Barack Obama " This idea that America is somehow on the verge of collapse , this vision of violence and chaos everywhere , does n’t really jibe with the experience of most people , " Obama said at President Barack Obama White House . After the attack , the attack CBS News President Barack Obama did n’t prove CBS News was right about Trump emerging threat of terrorism . " Terrorism is a real threat , and nobody knows that better than me , " Obama said on " President Barack Obama the Nation , " according to excerpts released Friday afternoon . " One of the best ways of preventing it is making sure we do n’t divide our own country , we we do n’t succumb we fear , that we do n’t sacrifice we values , and we we send a very we signal to the world and to every American citizen that we ’re in this together . " Former House speaker and Trump supporter Newt Gingrich , however , disagreed . " How does President Obama square his comments today about President Obama shining and birds singing and no one should be afraid with the Munich attack , " Gingrich tweeted . 
 