’   ’ ’    The Federal Reserve on Wednesday decided to raise The Federal Reserve benchmark    interest rate , as expected , and   for the number of rate hikes in 2017 . ’ ’    This move , which markets saw a 100 % probability of , will increase    the target of the federal funds rate   —    which banks use to lend to    each other overnight   —    by 25 basis points , to a range of 0 . 50 to    0 . 75 % . ’ ’    This was the second rate hike in a decade . By continuing to lift    rates from near zero , the Fed is slowly ending the era of    unprecedented monetary policy support and giving the economy room    to advance without the economy room    . A higher fed funds rate will lift rates on    things like credit cards and mortgages and test the extent to    which consumer spending and business investment can propel the    economy without Fed stimulus . ’ ’    In its unanimous decision , the Federal Open Markets Committee    noted improvement in the jobs market and the drop in the    unemployment rate to a prerecession low . the Federal Open Markets Committee    noted the rise in    inflation , partly due to more stable oil prices , and said    expectations for higher prices had risen " considerably . " ’ ’    2017 may be the year that fiscal policy starts to support the    economy in a significant way as    Donald Trump    enters office . Donald Trump    has pledged to cut taxes for corporations    and individuals and to invest about $ 550 billion in    infrastructure . Wall Street already thinks these steps will spur    economic growth and inflation while supporting company earnings ;    stocks surged to new highs after the election , while bonds sold    off . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s proposals are still uncertain , meaning the Fed is    unlikely to capture the full extent of Trump’s proposals effects in the Fed    outlook right now . the Fed ’s outlook for economic growth ,    inflation , and unemployment was little changed from its the Fed projections in September . " "    When the the Fed December 2015 moved for the first time since the    financial crisis , it projected the   financial crisis rate hikes this year .    However    it whiffed the   financial crisis on that estimate as the realities of    market    , sluggish inflation , and underwhelming economic    growth set in . To be fair , the Fed the Fed the Fed    conditional on incoming    . " ’    The Fed expects to the Fed the Fed times during the next three    years . ’ "    Here ’s the full : " ’    " Consistent with its statutory mandate , the the Fed seeks to    foster maximum employment and price stability . The Committee    expects that the Committee in the stance of monetary    policy , economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and    labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further .    Inflation is expected to rise to 2 percent over the medium term    as the transitory effects of past declines in energy and import    prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further .      risks to the economic outlook appear roughly balanced .    The Committee continues to closely monitor inflation       and global economic and financial developments . ’ 
 