Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump will nominate Kansas Republican Rep. Mike Pompeo to be Donald Trump CIA director , the   ’s transition team announced Friday .   " Donald Trump has served our country with honor and spent Donald Trump life fighting for the security of our citizens , " Donald Trump said Friday in a statement . " Donald Trump will be a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence community to ensure the safety of Americans and our allies . " Pompeo announced Friday evening that Pompeo accepted the nomination , saying in a statement that Pompeo ’s " honored " and " humbled " by the   ’s decision . " This was a difficult decision . I have genuinely loved representing the people of Kansas in Congress     working to make our community stronger and more prosperous , " Pompeo wrote . " But ultimately the opportunity to lead the world ’s finest intelligence warriors , who labor tirelessly to keep this nation and Kansas safe , is a call to service I can not ignore . " Pompeo has made Pompeo mark during Pompeo three terms in the House as a conservative voice on national security issues .   Speaker John Boehner viewed Speaker John Boehner as a rising star and tapped Speaker John Boehner to serve on the House Intelligence Committee and the Select Committee on Benghazi , both posts that usually go to more senior members .   Speaker John Boehner also got a coveted seat on the Energy and Commerce panel and has proposed measures regarding energy production . Speaker John Boehner staked a tougher line on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton than some other Republicans . Pompeo was one of a handful of conservatives who argued House Benghazi committee chairman Trey Gowdy did not go far enough in House Benghazi committee chairman Trey Gowdy report on Clinton earlier this year . House Benghazi committee chairman Trey Gowdy was a strong critic of the Iran nuclear deal and introduced several bills focused on security concerns about the Iranian government , including one bill raising concerns about the cooperation between Russia and Iran . Pompeo backed Sen. Marco Rubio in the primary and criticized Trump from the right , but later developed a relationship with the Trump campaign Trump The campaign the Trump campaign every Trump in a while to get advice on key national security issues , and during the vice presidential debate , Pompeo was Pompeo surrogate for Vice    Mike Pence . After the elections , Pompeo met Pompeo Trump , Trump earlier this week in New York where they talked about the job . Trump seems Trump have trusted his gut Trump Pompeo was Pompeo suited for the role .   Pompeo met Pompeo House Speaker Paul Ryan and Pence , the leader of Trump ’s Trump , at the Capitol Thursday . He declined Pompeo comment on their meeting as House Speaker Paul Ryan and Pence, the leader of Trump’s transition, at the Capitol Thursday left Pompeo   The Kansas Republican becomes the first member of the House tapped House , Trump Republican Reps . Jeb Hensarling and Tom Price both met with the    this week and are being mentioned for other Cabinet positions . One of Pompeo ’s close friends and mentors on Capitol Hill was Michigan Rep. Mike Rogers , the former chairman of the House Intelligence panel . Rogers , who some Michigan Rep. Mike Rogers, the former chairman of the House Intelligence panel transition team earlier this week after the    removed those on the committee with ties to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Democrats pounce , Democrats were quick to paint Pompeo as a member who touted the party line , a quality they worried about for a nominee for the top intelligence post . " The Department of Democrats and the CIA need nonpartisan leaders the American people can trust implicitly . Yet Congressman Mike Pompeo , a leading cheerleader of the Benghazi witch hunt , is now being asked to fill one of the most serious and sober national security positions there is , " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement Friday .   Before joining Congress , Pompeo graduated first in his class from the US Military Academy at West Point . Pompeo was a classmate of Pompeo Ted Cruz ’s at Harvard Law School , where he Pompeo an editor of the Harvard Law Review     although he declined to support Cruz a classmate of Sen. Ted Cruz the Republican primaries . The selection of Pompeo rounds out a classmate of Sen. Ted Cruz trio of national Sen. Ted Cruz picks Trump has made     including Sen. Jeff Pompeo for attorney general and retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn for national security advisor that were announced Friday .   Pompeo had considered running against Kansas Sen. Jerry Moran in the Senate Republican primary this year Pompeo but the Senate Republicans scrambled to prevent that .   The National Republican Senatorial Committee hired a retired FBI agent to dig up dirt against him . And numerous senators , as well as Speaker Paul Ryan , urged him to a retired FBI agent out . Pompeo ultimately released a scathing statement when he decided not to a retired FBI agent . Democratic groups blasted Pompeo ’s selection Friday . They cited a retired FBI agent ’s allegations in 2013 that Muslim Americans do Pompeo out enough against terror Democratic groups and Pompeo be " potentially complicit " in those attacks . " That mindset is horribly wrong when it comes to views of civil rights and terror attacks of Muslim Americans . Statements like those also further propaganda of radical terrorists , who , right now , are celebrating the election of Donald Trump , because they believe it will bring about a war of religions , " said Jon Soltz , chairman of the those also further propaganda of radical terrorists, who, right now, are celebrating the election of Donald Trump group the election of Donald Trump . org . " This puts us all in extreme danger , but especially our troops , serving overseas . " 
 