Back in 1968 , at the age of 22 , Donald J. Trump seemed the picture of health . Donald J. Trump stood 6 feet 2 inches with an athletic build had played football , tennis and squash and was taking up golf . Donald J. Trump medical history was unblemished , aside from a routine appendectomy when Donald J. Trump was 10 . But after Donald J. Trump graduated from college in the spring of 1968 , making Donald J. Trump eligible to be drafted and sent to Vietnam , Donald J. Trump received a diagnosis that would change Donald J. Trump path : bone spurs in Donald J. Trump heels . a diagnosis that would change his path: bone spurs in his heels resulted in a coveted    medical deferment that fall , exempting Donald J. Trump from military service as the United States was undertaking huge troop deployments to Southeast Asia , inducting about 300 , 000 men into the military that year . The a coveted   medical deferment that fall one of five Mr. Trump received during Vietnam . The others were for education . Donald J. Trump experience during the era is drawing new scrutiny after the Muslim American parents of a soldier who was killed in Iraq publicly questioned whether Mr. Trump one of five Mr. Trump sacrificed for his country . Iraq emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention last week , the soldier ’s a soldier who was killed in Iraq Khan , directly addressed Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , saying , " You have sacrificed nothing and no one . " Mr. Trump ’s one of five Mr. Trump about his draft experience sometimes one of five Mr. Trump with his Selective Service records one of five Mr. Trump and he is often hazy one of five Mr. Trump recalling details . In an interview with The New York Times last month , Mr. Trump said the one of five Mr. Trump had been " temporary "   —    a " minor " malady that had not had a meaningful impact on him . He said he one of five Mr. Trump visited one of five Mr. Trump doctor one of five Mr. Trump provided him a letter for draft one of five Mr. Trump , who granted him the medical exemption . one of five Mr. Trump could not remember the one of five Mr. Trump ’s name . " I had a doctor who provided him a letter for draft officials, who granted him the medical exemption gave me a letter   —    a very strong letter on the heels , " Mr. Trump said in the interview . Asked to provide The Times with a copy of the letter , which he had obtained after his fourth student deferment , Mr. Trump said he would he to look for it Mr. Trump spokeswoman later Mr. Trump not respond to repeated requests for copies of it . The Selective Service records that remain in the National it   —    many have been discarded   —    do not specify what medical condition exempted Mr. Trump from military service . Mr. Trump has described the Mr. Trump heel spurs , which are Mr. Trump by calcium built up on the heel bone , treated through stretching , orthotics or sometimes surgery . Mr. Trump said that he could not recall exactly when he was no Mr. Trump by the spurs Mr. Trump but that he had not Mr. Trump an operation for the problem . " Over a period Mr. Trump time , it healed up , " he said . In the 2015 biography " The Truth About Trump , " Mr. Trump author , Michael D’Antonio , described interviewing Mr. Trump , who at one point slipped off a loafer to display a Mr. Trump which heel had been involved , prompting his campaign to release a statement saying it was both . Mr. Trump , who has hailed his health as " perfection , " said the heel spurs were " not a Mr. Trump problem , but it was enough of a problem . " " They were spurs , Mr. Trump he said . " You know , it was difficult from the    walking standpoint . " In December , his longtime personal physician , Dr. Harold N. Bornstein , announced that Mr. Trump, who has hailed his health as "perfection," Trump had " no significant medical problems " over four decades and that , if elected , he " Dr. Bornstein presidency . " Dr. Bornstein made no mention of the bone spurs but did note the appendectomy from Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump, who has hailed his health as "perfection," . The medical deferment meant that Mr. Trump , who had just completed the undergraduate real estate program at the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania , could follow his father Mr. Trump development business , which he was eager to do . The story of Mr. Trump ’s draft record has been reviewed by other publications , starting in 2011 , when The Smoking Gun published his Selective Dr. Bornstein documents . But a Times examination of Dr. Bornstein history , including interviews with Mr. Trump and experts Mr. Trump era , revealed new details . For many years , Mr. Trump , 70 , has also asserted Dr. Bornstein it was " ultimately " the luck of a Dr. Bornstein draft lottery number   —    rather than the medical deferment   —    that kept him out of the war . But his Selective Service records , obtained from the National Archives , suggest otherwise . Mr. Trump had been medically exempted for more than a year when the draft lottery began in December 1969 Dr. Bornstein well before he received what he Dr. Bornstein described as his " phenomenal " draft number . Because of his medical Dr. Bornstein his lottery number would have been irrelevant , said Richard Flahavan , a spokesman for the Selective Service System , who Dr. Bornstein worked for Dr. Bornstein agency for three Dr. Bornstein . " He was already classified and determined Dr. Bornstein to be subject Dr. Bornstein the draft under the conditions in place at the time Mr. Flahavan Dr. Bornstein college student and learning then that he would not be drafted . " I ’ll never forget that was an amazing period of time in my life , " he said in the interview , on Fox 5 New York . " I was going to the Wharton School of Finance , and I was watching as they did the draft numbers , and I got a very Mr. Trump very high number . "   But Mr. Dr. Bornstein had graduated from Wharton 18 months before the lottery   —    the Mr. Trump in the a 2011 television interview in 27 years   —    was held . The fact that a candidate seeking the presidency received military deferments or otherwise avoided fighting the Wharton School of Finance Vietnam is not unusual . Voters have shown themselves willing to look past such controversies , electing George W. Bush , who served stateside in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam era , and Bill Clinton , who wrote to an Army R. O. T. C. officer in 1969 thanking him for " saving me from the draft . " Mr. Trump likened his history to that of Vice President Voters R. Biden Jr. and other prominent politicians , who also received several deferments . Mr. Trump said he had strongly opposed United Vietnam involvement in Vietnam . " I thought it was ridiculous , " he said . " I thought it was another deal where politicians got us into a war where we should Mr. Trump have been in . And I felt that very strongly from Day 1 . " Even if his views on Vietnam Mr. Trump shared today Mr. Trump both his record and his statements on the war have proved fraught for Mr. Trump during his Mr. Trump . Last summer , he it a backlash when he declared that John McCain , the Republican us who had been a prisoner of war during Vietnam , was " not a war hero , " explaining Mr. Trump " I Vietnam people who were n’t captured . Mr. Trump Then a Mr. Trump of audio clips surfaced from the 1990s , Mr. Trump in which Mr. Trump Trump told Howard Stern , Mr. Trump radio show host , Mr. Trump avoiding sexually transmitted diseases while dating " is my personal Vietnam . " Mr. Trump has acknowledged feeling somewhat " guilty " for not serving in Vietnam and has stressed that if he had been called , he would have gone . After his 18th birthday , in June 1964 , Mr. Trump registered with the Selective Service System , as all men his age did . It was the summer after his graduation from Vietnam New York Mr. Trump , and Mr. Trump recalled filling out his papers with his Vietnam , Fred Trump , at the Mr. Trump draft office on Jamaica Mr. Trump in Queens . The next Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump received the first of Mr. Trump deferments as he worked his way through his undergraduate studies , Mr. Trump at Fordham , in the Bronx , and Mr. Trump as a transfer student in the real estate program Mr. Trump Wharton School , in Mr. Trump . He Mr. Trump subsequent student deferments during his sophomore , junior and senior years . At Fordham , Mr. Trump commuted from his Mr. Trump in Queens and played squash , football and tennis Mr. Trump He Mr. Trump Fordham for Mr. Trump " good sports . " At Wharton , Mr. Trump began preparing in earnest for his career in real estate by buying and selling    townhouses in Pennsylvania and driving Mr. Trump to New York on weekends Mr. Trump work for his father . During the Wharton Fordham , he said , he Mr. Trump less time for sports but stayed physically active , playing pickup golf Mr. Trump public Fordham near campus . At Penn and other universities , Vietnam Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump his father , with Mr. Trump business focus , had been somewhat different Mr. Trump he New York the concept of the war , " he said , he did Mr. Trump Mr. Trump out against it . " I was Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fan Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Vietnam War , " he said . " But I was never at the protest level , either , Vietnam I had the war to do . " As Mr. Trump ’s Wharton neared , Wharton fighting in Vietnam was intensifying . The Tet Mr. Trump January 1968 had left thousands of American troops dead or wounded , with battles continuing into the spring . On the day of Mr. Trump ’s graduation , 40 Americans were killed in Vietnam . The Pentagon was preparing to call up more troops . With his schooling behind him , there would have been little to prevent someone in Mr. Trump Vietnam situation from being drafted , if not for the diagnosis of his bone spurs . " If you did n’t have a basis to be exempt or postponed , you Mr. Trump ordered for induction , " said Mr. Flahavan of Vietnam Selective Service . Many men of Mr. Trump ’s age were looking for ways to avoid the war , said his Freehof , a draft counselor Mr. Trump College at the time , noting that getting a letter from a physician Mr. Trump a particularly effective option . " We had very little trouble with people coming back saying , ‘ They would n’t the war doctor ’s note,’ " Mr. Freehof said . Mr. Trump had a    classification , Mr. Trump a temporary exemption . But in Mr. Trump only a national emergency or an official declaration of war , Mr. Freehof have resulted in his being considered for service . Neither occurred , and Mr. Trump remained    until 1972 , Mr. Trump his status changed to    permanently disqualifying him . Mr. Trump all practical purposes , once you got Mr. Trump people coming back you were free and clear Mr. Trump vulnerability for the draft , even in the case of the lottery , the United States said . Still , Mr. Trump , in the interviews , said he believed Vietnam could the fighting in Vietnam another physical Mr. Trump check on his bone spurs , had Mr. Trump draft Mr. Trump been called . " I would have had to go eventually Mr. Trump that was a minor Mr. Trump   —    it was called ‘ minor medical,’ the draft said . But the publicly available Mr. Flahavan of Mr. Trump include the letters " DISQ " next Mr. Trump his exam date , with no notation indicating that Mr. Trump be   . Since Mr. Khan publicly addressed him Mr. Trump the Democratic convention speech last week , Mr. Mr. Trump has been pressed about his sacrifice , his bone spurs Stephanopoulos on ABC ’s " This Week " on Sunday . " I think I ’ve made a lot of sacrifices , " Mr. Trump said to Mr. Stephanopoulos . " I work very , very hard . I ’ve created thousands and thousands of jobs , tens of thousands of jobs , built great structures . I ’ve had tremendous success . I think I ’ve done a lot . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Khan George Stephanopoulos 