Presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton said The Clinton Foundation had " overwhelming disclosure , " referencing The Clinton Foundation donations on Wednesday , but multiple reports reveal that ’s untrue . [ Presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton was defending The Clinton Foundation against recent attacks from presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , but admitted " one or two instances " where the nonprofit ’s donations may have " slipped through the cracks . "   Multiple news reports and a detailed account from Breitbart News’ editor Peter Schweizer ’s book Clinton Cash , reveal there was more than " one or two instances . " Breitbart News’ Michael Patrick Leahy previously reported , The Clinton Foundation refused to release the names of 1 , 076 foreign donors . Bloomberg also reported that roughly 1 , 100 foreign donor names were n’t disclosed . Schweizer Peter Schweizer Cash Clinton Cash incidents of foreign donations to The Clinton Foundation The Clinton Foundation New York Times and the Wall Street Journal confirmed a few of his revelations , which are detailed in the book . For example , Schweizer notes Peter Schweizer foundation hid four donations The Clinton Foundation $ 2 . 35 million from a Russian uranium company headed by Ian Telfer , which was a violation of the Memorandum of Understanding with the Obama administration . The New York Times confirmed that The New York Times As the Russians gradually assumed control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013 , Canadian records show , a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation . Uranium One Canadian records chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $ Uranium One’s chairman . 35 million . Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors . Other people with ties to the company made donations as well . 
 the Obama White House 