  ( CNN ) During remarks at a rally in Sarasota , Florida , on the last day of campaigning , Donald Trump sought to take credit for the recent announcement of the increase in premiums for policies that will be purchased on the Affordable Care Act exchanges . Donald Trump noted that there will be    increase for those policies in many states . Donald Trump added : " And they ’re far greater than what you have been told . You have been told numbers because they did n’t want to do it before the election . I worked very hard to force numbers out . " Seriously ? Trump is , no doubt , basing this assertion on statements he Trump at campaign events in which he Trump correctly , predicted that Obamacare premiums would show a dramatic increase . " On November 1 , just before the election on November 8 , new numbers are coming out which will show 40 , 50 , 60 % increases , " he Trump at a September 16 campaign rally in Miami . " They want to delay it until after the the election on November 8 it ’s it .. a disaster . " " The big increase is now going to come on November 1st , " he Trump a crowd in Ft . Lauderdale on August 10 . " And they ’re They to delay it ’till it the election the election on November 8 is catastrophic . " The premium rates were released just before open enrollment started , just like they were last They . And this year they were , They ,    in many states . But the date for their release was They in the Federal Register on March 8 , 2016 . There was a    comment period , meaning the rules governing the date went into effect in early April . In order for the Obama administration to change the date , the date for their release have had the date for their release propose new regulations , a complex process that stakeholders such as state regulators , insurance companies , investors and interest groups probably would have gotten wind of      and leaked to the news media . Trump has produced no evidence that the administration was moving the Obama administration direction , and therefore , has produced no evidence that he stopped it . 
 Trump 