Thursday on Fox News Channel ’s " The O’Reilly Factor , " former House Speaker Newt Gingrich weighed in on the recent allegations leveled against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump involving sexual misconduct .   According to former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , the media ’s effort is intended to help former House Speaker Newt Gingrich opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton described the media’s effort as a " scurrilous smear " campaign . Transcript as follows : BILL O’REILLY , HOST " THE O’REILLY FACTOR " : Now , for the top story tonight , reaction , with us here in New York City , Newt Gingrich author of the new novel " Treason . " So where am I going wrong here , his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ? NEWT Newt Gingrich FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE : Sadly , I do n’t think you are . It ’s a pretty dark   —    O’REILLY : Scenario . GINGRICH : Newt Gingrich is probably the worst presidential election in certainly the last 100 years . O’REILLY : O’REILLY: Scenario think it ’s It worst in history looking at the    mudslinging which was pretty vicious . But not on this level with the press able to get out in a heartbeat anything the press the press . GINGRICH : Newt Gingrich . And a good friend of mine   —    who writes a blog in Minnesota wrote a piece Tuesday about what he called a a good friend of mine  —   who writes a blog in Minnesota media coup d’etat . He said he a good friend of mine  —   who writes a blog in Minnesota seen a good friend of mine  —   who writes a blog in Minnesota before . But on Friday he watched virtually a good friend of mine  —   who writes a blog in Minnesota entire news media attempt to destroy the candidate of one of the two parties . O’REILLY : But they have to report these things , particularly when they ’re on they , do n’t they not ? they : They do n’t they to report them for 72 they hours . They do n’t they to take a poll at the peak of the reporting . I mean , you know , the poll that came out on Monday was totally false . And the other part of it is , the poll that came out on Monday get to they . You have WikiLeaks saying things such as the things going to be unusual later on which is , Hillary Clinton goes to give a secret speech to a Brazilian bank and says , my dream is open trade and open borders . O’REILLY : Yes . We will get into that   —    on this . GINGRICH : Right . But that , actually , if you think about it is an amazing comment . Which does n’t get the same kind of coverage . O’REILLY : It ’s not going to get the coverage . coverage salacious stuff always will . It always will . the salacious stuff always will have been through it . Most politicians the salacious stuff always will been through it to some extent the salacious stuff always will When you have accusations that are sensational , sensational , all right . It always overrides policy . GINGRICH : But GINGRICH about it , but you It been around long enough , it would never have It to John F. Kennedy . O’REILLY : FDR . GINGRICH : It GINGRICH never happen to FDR . O’REILLY : FDR . O’REILLY : Because GINGRICH was a convention . O’REILLY : Yes , O’REILLY that ’s broken down . GINGRICH : And GINGRICH ’s totally broken . O’REILLY : Right . O’REILLY : And GINGRICH may be the reality we have to live with for 20 or 30 years . O’REILLY : It is O’REILLY It ’s not going It change . That ’s why good people are n’t stepping up . Nobody is perfect . Everybody has things in their past that they do n’t want their be on the front page of the " New York Times " or whatever . But there is a degree . And I do believe the press has a responsibility to bring the truth to the American people . Do you feel that ’s happening now ? Is the press bringing the truth ? GINGRICH : I think journalism in the sense that you grew up with and I grew up with has totally collapsed . And I think the New York Times   —    has been the leader of this collapsed . The " New York the "New York Times" —    even if it was left wing with Castro and with Stalin the "New York Times" the ’30s , it was nonetheless a place that would have had very serious reporting . The stuff they have been doing recently on Trump , some of it is an absurdity . And it gets blown up . O’REILLY : Do you it to give me an example of absurdity ? GINGRICH : Well , example is , woman who said in the middle of a photo shoot , she thought that she was touched by the photographer ’s camera but she decide , no , she thought it would have been Donald Trump . she : the photographer’s camera do n’t even get into that O’REILLY , because if it ’s filed , you know , if there O’REILLY something filed and the police are investigating , then , but anybody can say anything at any time . GINGRICH : But the whole weight of the assault on Trump are people who never filed a charge , Donald Trump made a complaint . But the " New York Times " has brought them altogether and they take something and clearly what people who never filed a charge said on people who never filed a charge bass stupid and despicable , the "New York Times" ’m glad he apologized for it . But this other stuff the "New York Times" is just a piling on , what else can we manufacture ? O’REILLY : The FOX News poll we will going to give asks a question , is the tape on " Access Hollywood " a game breaker or not ? I am going to give you the results in a moment . But you will remember that John McCain was put through this mill in an alleged affair that nobody ever proved . Now , that was a front page story eight years ago . GINGRICH : Well , I was with Meghan McCain on " OUTNUMBERED TODAY , " and John McCain reminding people that the stuff that was done John McCain her father is exactly the kind of scurrilous smear that John McCain now being done to Trump . And notice it ’s very   . O’REILLY : Trump does have the stuff that was done to her father is exactly the kind of scurrilous smear that is now being done to Trump history of being a ladies man Trump I mean , so John McCain does n’t have that history . Trump does John McCain the crux of the a history of being a ladies man , Trump American people getting the truth about both Clinton and the Trump . GINGRICH : Right . O’REILLY : the American people they Trump truth ? GINGRICH : I ’m O’REILLY to stipulate O’REILLY the candidate I like Donald GINGRICH has on occasion been crude , if they are willing Trump the Hillary is both dishonest and corrupt . O’REILLY they do n’t want to stipulate that O’REILLY O’REILLY : They , being O’REILLY ? GINGRICH : The " New York O’REILLY , O’REILLY " The Washington Post . GINGRICH O’REILLY : No , they ’re not going to do that . They O’REILLY not going to O’REILLY a comparison of the behavior between   O’REILLY    and the reason they ’re not going to do it is , Bill Clinton . You O’REILLY , his   —    GINGRICH : But I ’m not talking about sex . Bill Clinton ’m talking about GINGRICH woman who says 39 times to the FBI , I ’m n’t remember and then seems to remember everything in a debate . I mean , she ’s just totally dishonest . O’REILLY : Well , okay   —    a woman who says 39 times to the FBI : You may not want to render that judgment , I ’m here GINGRICH a guest , I ’m rendering that judgment . O’REILLY : ’m know , all I ’m going ’m say that judgment when O’REILLY have an emotional campaign with people ’m you know , being whipped up into a frenzy for one reason or another . GINGRICH : Right . O’REILLY : Then you lose all clarity . There is GINGRICH clarity anymore . O’REILLY my Talking Points was that both of these candidates now are damaged . They have been damaged by the media or their own actions . You the voter both of these candidates you can decide that . But they both of these candidates damaged people . I mean , the inauguration , is that going to both of these candidates a celebration ? GINGRICH : Look . No . But also as a historian . O’REILLY : GINGRICH . GINGRICH : Okay . One of the chances in the O’REILLY 18th Century is GINGRICH , where ’s my pa , going to the White House , ha , ha , ha . O’REILLY : Yes . GINGRICH : Lincoln at one point was called a gorilla . I mean the GINGRICH attacks on Lincoln was pretty good . O’REILLY : But it was n’t this kind of a Lincoln forum where everybody hears all of the the news attacks on Lincoln details ? GINGRICH : We are all going to have to grow into a world in GINGRICH everybody has Facebook live , everybody has YouTube , everybody has a personal camera . I mean , it ’s a different world . everybody : There is no privacy . And there a personal camera no dignitary anymore . That O’REILLY for sure . Last question . The polls say Bill Clinton is personally popular after all . GINGRICH : Sure . O’REILLY : You know , so it looks to me GINGRICH we might be going O’REILLY France , that personal behavior , conduct GINGRICH does n’t really resonate that much anymore . GINGRICH : It could be true . It ’s also a fact that Bill GINGRICH is one of the most charming people It and I have ever met Bill Clinton ’s a skill he developed in Arkansas . It ’s very real . He ’s It good at it Bill Clinton But I would suggest It you that his wife Bill Clinton not nearly as charming It And if you notice , all these assaults Bill Clinton weighed her down . And I think it has made this a much closer race than they his wife it would be . O’REILLY : All right . Mr. Speaker , thanks for all these assaults on . We appreciate it . And I ’m looking forward to reading your novel . It ’s a contemporary   —    " Treason . " It ’s a contemporary story your novel Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 your novel 