Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren said Sen. Elizabeth Warren understands why Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s tone in the election might appeal to " angry " voters     but Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists Republican nominee Donald Trump solutions wo n’t work if his solutions ’re implemented . " The way I see this is that Republican nominee Donald Trump has tapped into something that ’s real , " Sen. Elizabeth Warren told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . " " He Republican nominee Donald Trump tapped into how angry people feel about that , rightly angry . The thing is Donald Republican nominee Donald Trump    solution just heads us in the wrong direction . " The Massachusetts senator , who has endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president and is an outspoken critic of Trump , Republican nominee Donald Trump that his method The Massachusetts senator, who has endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president and is an outspoken critic of Trump campaigning has pinned dissatisfied voters against other groups in the country . " It ’s them , " she said The Massachusetts senator, who has endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president and is an outspoken critic of Trump imitating Trump ’s Republican nominee Donald Trump . " It ’s the people who do n’t look like you . It ’s It people who do n’t worship like you . you ’s It immigrants , it ’s It Mexicans , it ’s It women , it ’s It everybody else . It ’s It them . them Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump turning people against each other . " How Russian hacking has tied US government in knots , She also slammed Republican nominee Donald Trump for taking Republican nominee Donald Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian saying he should remember he Russian President Vladimir Putin running for Russian President Vladimir Putin and not " dictator " of the United States . " He ’s out complimenting Russian President Vladimir Putin guy , calling Russian President Vladimir Putin better president than Russian President Vladimir Putin Obama . And how does he know that ? Because Russian President Vladimir Putin has higher approval ratings Russian President Vladimir Putin I mean , Saddam Hussein had high approval ratings too , " she said . " Donald Saddam Hussein needs to remember that he is n’t running for Donald Trump . He ’s running to be Donald Trump of a democratically elected country . " Warren said that regardless of Clinton ’s past ties to Wall Street , she will work to get Clinton out of politics . " We need to take this regardless of Clinton’s past ties to Wall Street, she will work to get money out of politics back . But a democratically elected country , money sloshing through the electoral process is making that impossible , " she said . " ( Clinton Clinton has said that she Clinton work to get money Clinton of politics . " When asked if she would work as a watchdog Clinton a Clinton administration , Warren said yes Clinton " Hillary Clinton has laid out a Clinton . She laid it out during the primaries Clinton she a progressive agenda stuck with it in the Clinton . She has a progressive agenda , Clinton what I Clinton running for , " she said . " The way I see Clinton , it is the job of the progressives to get her elected on a progressive agenda and then Clinton our rear ends off to help get that progressive agenda enacted when she is president a progressive agenda weighed in Clinton the Zika bill that was n’t passed by the Senate after Republicans tacked on amendments that would have blocked Planned Parenthood funding and allowed Confederate flags to fly at veterans’ cemeteries . Donald Trump to speak at conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly ’s funeral , If an agreement is not reached , the government could shut down September 30 , a few weeks before the presidential and congressional elections . " We ’re being forced right now in the United States into hard choices in part because Republican obstructionism has kept us from moving faster and more aggressively on Zika , We she said . " Every day that they delay on Phyllis Schlafly’s letting us get just a clean     stop playing politics     We a clean bill through to fund the research and public health on Zika is another day that the virus takes hold of more people . " Warren also praised the Consumer Protection Financial Bureau     which she helped create     for fining Wells Fargo after it Warren discovered that the bank ’s employees were opening Wells Fargo accounts and cheating its customers . " My first reaction is , wow the bank’s am I glad we have the Consumer Financial Protection bureau , " she said . " It ’s not that we need Warren laws . What we need is aggressive we of those laws . " 
 