"    Donald Trump ’s image crisis is starting to affect even his    former supporters . A   of independent voters , some of who previously    supported the Republican presidential nominee , ascribed a lot of    negative traits to the brash billionaire . " ’    Veteran Republican pollster Frank Luntz asked    independent Pennsylvania voters in a focus group that aired    on CBS News to name a word or phrase that independent Pennsylvania voters    think describes Trump . Nearly all of the attributes were    negative . Among those named were " erratic , " " laughingstock , "    " impulsive , " " rude , " " arrogant , " " childish narcissist , " and    " egotistical . " ’ ’    Luntz noted that ’ ’   Luntz were all " horrible " descriptions of a    presidential candidate . ’ ’ ’ ’WATCH :   focus group of undecided voters describe thoughts on Trump as they undecided voters their undecided voters ’    Six people in the ’ ’ ’ ’WATCH:  focus group of undecided voters that they were Six people in the group Trump Trump but    nearly all of them said Six people in the group they had Six people in the group leaning toward Trump Trump one point during the election . ’ ’    One voter who said that Trump had Trump been her first Trump    told Luntz that the nominee had " become outrageous " and lamented    that he " speaks the nominee thinking . " Another , a longtime Democrat ,    said that she had previously    Trump , Trump that over the    last few months it started to seem as though he’ ’s " insane . " ’ ’’ ’    A third voter cut in and said , " I don’’t think he’ ’s insane , I    think he’ ’s just he’ like a    . " ’ ’    " When he initially began he’ run , he gave voice he’ a lot of the    frustrations I was feeling about how government is working or ,    more to the point , not working , but since then he’ ’s been running    as a    and changes his positions every he’ cycle , " the    voter said . ’ ’    Another said that Trump needs to " stop worrying about sound    bites " to get news time . ’ "    Voters overall seemed concerned about the substance of Trump ’s    Trump , noting that he needs to Trump more on issues and less    on shocking people . " "    But some voters in the focus group noted that , despite Trump ’s    Trump , they might still some voters in the focus group voting for him . One Trump    voicing a    opinion , said that Trump is preferable Trump the    Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton . " 
 