Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama wants America to know this : President Barack Obama did the right thing . President Barack Obama may harbor frustration and even anger that America ’s polarization and the geopolitics of a volatile world thwarted President Barack Obama in many ways , but President Barack Obama wo n’t spend President Barack Obama looming retirement stewing in regret . In fact , President Barack Obama made a case Friday that his President Barack Obama is a historic success , despite beginning in a riot of hopeful euphoria and ending , according to First Lady Michelle Obama , with many Americans now living without hope after the election of Donald Trump , In his President Barack Obama press conference of the year , the President Barack Obama his actions President Barack Obama issues ranging from the economy to Syria , and from the Russia hacking scandal to the passage of Obamacare     a historic law now on borrowed time . Obama will have a formal chance to say goodbye next month , but in a long     and sometimes defensive     appearance in the White House Briefing Room , it was clear that at least in his own mind Obama presidential legacy Obama already set . " I am very proud of the work I ’ve done . I think I ’m a better president now than when I started , " Obama said . Obama he surveyed his Obama terms Obama Obama did not Obama that he had always Obama successful , but made a case that he had always Obama the best of motives and that where he had failed Obama was often owing to a lack of better choices . He seemed intent Obama placing his legacy     Obama which he feels satisfied Obama the shock of an election result which traumatized Democrats     in what he sees as Obama proper historical context . Where Obama showed dissatisfaction it was not with his own record Obama but with the Republicans who opposed him , the Obama who he believes overly Obama in trivialities and the coarsening of political culture . He delivered only Obama criticism of Trump , amid deepening tension between the    and the White House over the Russia hacking scandal and his only real Obama were reserved for Russian President Vladimir Putin . And as the world watches in helpless horror at the human carnage in Aleppo , Obama admitted he agonized over Obama more than any other issue . But he could not Obama anything he could have Obama differently , despite criticism that he should have Obama military action to oust President Bashar    or acted earlier and more forcefully to arm    rebels . " I always feel responsible , " Obama said . Obama There are places around the world where horrible things are happening and because of my office , because I ’m President of the United States , I feel responsible . I ask myself every single Bashar    , ’Is there something I could do that would save lives and make a difference and spare some child who does n’t deserve to suffer ? ’ " But displaying the    realism that has infuriated critics , Obama reasoned that Obama a massive deployment by an already exhausted American military could have turned the tide . His only choice Obama was to use diplomacy to stem the bloodletting . " I can not claim that we have been successful . That ’s something that , as is true with a lot of issues and problems around the world , I have to go to bed with every night , " Obama said . " But I continue to believe that it was the right approach given what realistically we could get we . " Obama also rebuffed Obama that he had been Obama to respond to allegations of Russian cybermeddling in the presidential election . " My primary concern was making sure that the integrity of the election process was not in any way damaged , at a time when anything that was said by me or anybody in the White House would immediately be seen through a partisan lens , " Obama explained . Obama also said Obama that when he met Putin Obama China in September he told him Obama " Obama it out " and pledged to hit Russia in public and covert ways before he leaves office Obama January 20 . ’You ca n’t argue that we are not better off’ With the GOP ax hovering over Obamacare , the President mounted Obama defense of an initiative that in retrospect drained his administration     and Obama in general     of huge stocks of political capital . " When I came into office , 44 million people were uninsured . Today , we have covered more than 20 million of them . For the 44 million people time in our history , more we 90 % of Americans are insured . " Obama did not address the uncertainty many Americans now again face over health care or rising premiums and deductibles . Reprising a familiar theme , Obama went back to Obama economic turmoil raging when he took office in Obama teeth of the worst recession in decades in 2009 . " As I was preparing to take office , the unemployment rate was on its way to 10 the unemployment rate . Today it is at 4 . 6 % the lowest in nearly a decade . " Though he noted that some Obama were still homeless , hungry or had trouble paying the bills , Obama did not refer directly to the legions of Midwestern voters who feel left behind by his recovery and helped Obama Trump . Abroad , Obama noted , for Obama umpteenth time , the slaying of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and noted that he had brought 165 al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 000 troops home . But wars still rage in Iraq and Afghanistan . But though his legacy may be Obama , Obama is making no Obama . " What I can say with confidence is that what we ’ve done works . That I can prove . I can show you where we were in 2008 we I can show you where we are now . we you ca n’t argue that we are not better we . We are . " we fingers at Republicans , media , Obama lingered on the Obama who opposed him and a press Obama he believes contributed to Obama White House ’s and Democrats’ problems . He flashed contempt for Obama Russia hawks now ready to accept Trump ’s admiration of Putin . " Ronald Reagan would roll over in his grave , " Ronald Reagan said . He Ronald Reagan out at Ronald Reagan and Assad for Putin savage " assaults on Aleppo and was particularly disdainful of Russia itself . " GOP Russia ca n’t change us or significantly weaken us GOP Russia They are a GOP Russia country The Russians they are a weaker country The Russians their economy does n’t produce The Russians that anybody wants to buy except oil and gas and arms . They do n’t innovate . The Russians Obama told reporters the coverage of Hillary Clinton during the campaign was troubling . But he also did seem to Obama jab Clinton ’s campaign tactics when Hillary Clinton that Democrats need Obama show up where people are hurting . " Democrats are characterized as coastal , liberal ,    you know , politically correct ,     folks . We have to be in those communities . " The President also denied tensions Obama and Trump , as his Obama aides and those of Obama    spar over the Russia hacking of emails belonging to the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee . Where he criticized Trump it was implicit Obama as when Trump said China would not stand Obama the   ’s warning that the status of Taiwan could be on the table in his increasingly acrimonious relationship with Beijing Obama And he warned that there was a Obama between campaigning and being President   —    a reality Trump has yet to embrace . " Trump think there is a sobering process when you walk into the Oval Office , " Obama said . In many ways , Obama , a president especially conscious of Obama , seemed to be subtly setting up a contrast with the Trump presidency to come . " What Trump    is going to be doing is going to be very different than what I was doing , " Obama said , " and I think Obama will be able to compare and contrast and make judgments about what worked for the American people . " 
 