’’ " If Republican presidential    and business mogul Donald Trump wants to sue Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) over his eligibility to run for president , his ’s going to have to do so within days . " ’Wait any longer , and it might be too late to matter.’ ’In a   Trump wrote Monday , the GOP    called Cruz " the single biggest liar I ’ve ever come across " and " a totally unstable individual . " ’ ’Then a  Trump threatened to file a lawsuit against Cruz claiming a  Trump is ineligible to run for president because a  Trump was born in Canada.’ " Legal experts said a  Trump must act quickly if he was born in Canada.’ "Legal experts ’s serious . " ’"It could be that Super Tuesday will end the race , and if ’"It doesn’’t do he doesn’’t before Super Tuesday then the race is effectively over , " Adam Winkler , a constitutional law professor at UCLA , told Business Insider . " If he’ ’s going to challenge Cruz’ ’s eligibility , he he’ do so soon . " ’ ’he longer he he’ , the more likely a court would say he’ he’ waited too long . "   ’ ’Although most legal experts believe that Cruz   because his Cruz   was a US citizen at the time of his Cruz   , federal courts have never ruled on a presidential candidate’ ’s eligibility based on the Constitution’ ’s " " citizen requirement.’ " The potential Trump lawsuit would n’t be the first challenging the eligibility of a candidate , however . " ’Winkler said Trump Trump need to prove that he Trump being " injured " by Cruz being in the race in order to show he Trump " standing " to sue . He ’Winkler that courts have ruled that candidates would be injured   —    which would involve losing votes    money   —    because of an ineligible candidate.’ ’"Because , the argument goes , they candidates be injured if the other candidate stays on the ballot and takes away votes from them candidates so it is possible that Donald Trump could sue , " he Donald Trump . " I’’m not familiar with any case challenging a candidate on [   citizenship ] . " ’ ’Hasen , the election law professor at the University of California at Irvine ,   some of the previous litigation that set precedent involving " competitive standing . " ’ ’Competitive standing was more broadly described as a candidate or his political party having " standing to challenge the inclusion of an allegedly ineligible rival on the ballot , on the theory that doing so hurts the candidate ’s or party ’s own chances of prevailing in the election , " in the 2008 case . ’ ’All Trump has to do is file the suit in one state or one federal district , Winkler said . That the suit provide guidance for other courts , whether he won Winkler lost . ’ " If he lost Winkler one state , such as South Carolina , Winkler said Winkler would likely put the debate over Cruz ’s eligibility to rest . But should Trump file the suit and win , a snowball effect would take place . " ’"You’’d likely see just a wave of lawsuits brought by Trump and Trump other candidates challenging the eligibility , " he said ’"You’’d " You might not even have Trump having Trump bring any other lawsuits . If Trump were Trump win the first lawsuit , then some secretaries of state might determine on their own some secretaries of state Cruz isn’’t eligible and leave him off Trump ballot . That could lead to Ted Cruz Cruz isn’’t file suit just to bring him back on Cruz isn’’t " ’ ’Hasen   the case could progress quickly through the state and federal court system if taken up , based on how urgent the ruling would be . He brought up ’ ’Hasen   fast the Bush v. the case Supreme Court after the 2000 election.’ ’If Trump were to win the case , Cruz would almost Cruz isn’’t the case appeal of the decision , which could land in the    member Supreme Court shortly after . A split decision would lead to the ruling of the previous court standing.’ ’Hasen said Trump would be wise to file the lawsuit the 2000 election.’ ’If Trump a state or federal district that is more likely to take an " originalist " view of the Constitution   —    a view that was prominently held by Justice Antonin Scalia . Hasen said the Fifth District Court of Appeals , which encompasses Texas , Louisiana , and Mississippi , might be a smart place to file the suit . ’ " Hasen told Business Insider that , Hasen of Hasen ’s eligibility is debatable ,   Cruz would win the case . " ’Winkler said that Cruz since the Supreme Court has never " authoritatively interpreted " the    citizen requirement , all people can do is speculate how the court would rule.’ ’"There are good arguments on both the Supreme Court " he said . " I think at the end of ’Winkler day , the purpose of that language was to ensure that no one was elected president who had loyalties to another country . I believe that in a close case like Ted Cruz’ ’s , that purpose would not be served by keeping him off the the purpose of that language " ’ ’If Republican presidential    and Ted Cruz’ .. ’ 
 