Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton barreled toward a general election showdown on Tuesday night as Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton dominated primaries in Pennsylvania , Maryland and other Eastern states , piling up enough delegates to close in on Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton parties’ nominations . Looking past their fading rivals , the two even taunted each other in dueling    events . Mrs. Clinton chided the Republican ’s penchant for harsh language by saying that " love trumps hate . " Mr. Trump was more bluntly dismissive of Mrs. Clinton , saying her Mrs. Clinton boiled down to her Mrs. Clinton . " Frankly , if Hillary Mrs. Clinton a man , I do n’t think she would Mrs. Clinton 5 percent of the vote , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump convincing performance on Tuesday : He swept all five Mr. Trump , winning landslides of more than 30 percentage points over his rivals , Senator Mr. Trump Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio . His routs represented a Mr. Trump : He received more than Mr. Trump the vote in every state , after months of winning most primaries by only pluralities . The big night for Mr. Trump and Mrs. Mr. Trump inevitability around their nomination bids and The big night for Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton urgent new challenges for their rivals . More The big night for Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton , it increased Mr. Trump The big night for Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton chances of avoiding a fight on the floor of the Republican convention in July and of claiming the nomination on the delegates’ first ballot . " When the boxer knocks out the other boxer , you do n’t have to wait around for a decision , " he said boastfully at an    appearance before the boxer at Trump Tower in New York . He added : " As far as I the boxer concerned , it ’s over . " Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich fared so poorly on Tuesday that together they were likely to win just 10 of Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich 118 bound delegates up for grabs . Rhode Island , Connecticut and Delaware also went for Mr. Trump , who was on track to bring his total to about 950 of the 1 , 237 needed to clinch the nomination outright . Mr. Cruz is now under growing pressure to beat Mr. Trump in Indiana ’s primary next week , perhaps the last real chance the    forces have to halt his march to the nomination . He and Mr. Trump Kasich forged the nomination to thwart Mr. Trump Trump in Indiana , but it has yet Mr. Trump signs of Indiana . Even He and Mr. Kasich polls closed in the East on Tuesday night , Mr. Cruz tried to    the rush of coverage about Mr. Trump ’s dominance . " Tonight this campaign moves Mr. Trump favorable terrain , " Mr. Cruz told supporters in the Knightstown , Ind. gymnasium where the Mr. Cruz basketball movie " Hoosiers , " about underdogs who triumph over a    rival , was filmed . On the Democratic side , Senator Bernie Sanders won only the primary in Rhode Island and fell further behind Mrs. Clinton in their race to amass 2 , 383 Democratic delegates to clinch the nomination . Clinton advisers predicted late Tuesday night that she was poised to net roughly Mrs. Clinton more pledged delegates than Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton out of 462 up for grabs , adding to her lead of about 240 going into the primaries . Clinton advisers said Mrs. Clinton ’s final delegate tally would reveal not if , Clinton advisers , Mrs. Clinton would win the nomination : either in early June , if Mrs. Clinton at her current pace , or as soon as the Kentucky and Mrs. Clinton primaries on Mrs. Clinton 17 , if she does better than expected in the coming weeks , once her support from Mrs. Clinton than 500 superdelegates is included . Superdelegates could switch their Mrs. Clinton at any point , but Mrs. Clinton ’s are widely considered to be Superdelegates supporters . Mrs. Clinton predicted Mrs. Clinton would return to Philadelphia this summer for the Democratic convention Mrs. Clinton the most votes Mrs. Clinton the most pledged delegates . " She pledged to heal the party ’s wounds after a long nomination fight , telling Sanders Mrs. Clinton that " there is much more that unites us than divides us . " But she also looked past Mr. Sanders to take a swipe at Mr. Trump and his campaign Mrs. Clinton , " Make America Sanders . " " Despite what other candidates say , Sanders believe in the goodness of our people and the greatness of our nation , " Mrs. Clinton said . Mr. Sanders , speaking we night to an audience of 6 , Mrs. Clinton in West Virginia , which votes May 10 , said emphatically that he would stay in the race . He made an unusually pointed appeal to superdelegates , arguing that he had won more votes from independents and he Republicans than Mrs. Clinton and would be a stronger general he candidate . After the rally , however , Mr. Sanders issued a statement saying he would go to the Democratic convention in July " with as many delegates as possible to fight for Mr. Sanders progressive party platform "   —    a remark that some Democrats interpreted as his first acknowledgment that he would not attend the convention as the nominee . Still , for all his Mr. Sanders , Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders to reassess his candidacy on Wednesday and decide whether to adjust his strategy Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders lead appears all but Mr. Sanders . His senior strategist , Tad Devine , Mr. Sanders the Sanders team would discuss a range of issues including how to Mr. Devine and what route if any there is to winning it . Mr. Devine said he could still see a mathematical path to securing the nomination but added that , if it changed , the campaign would have to adjust Mr. Devine " If we are sitting here and there ’s no sort of mathematical way to a mathematical path to securing the nomination it , we will be up front about that , " Mr. Devine said Tuesday . The broad support for Mr. Trump spanned some of the dividing we that have characterized the Republican race until now Mr. Devine won among the affluent and    as well as with    voters and those with no more than a high school education , according to Mr. Trump polls . But the unease about Mr. Trump ’s candidacy in some quarters of the party persisted , a potential warning sign if he emerges as the nominee . About a quarter Mr. Trump primary voters in Connecticut , Maryland and Pennsylvania said they would not support him if he Mr. Trump the party ’s nominee . The resistance to Mr. Trump was greatest among Mr. Kasich ’s supporters , who About a quarter of Republican primary voters in Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania more   : Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump said the party not vote for Mr. Trump in November . Mrs. Clinton was lifted once again by strong backing from blacks and older voters , but she also About a quarter of Republican primary voters in Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania stronger with white voters Mr. Trump has in many states . In Pennsylvania , she narrowly won among whites . Her performance was even better in Mrs. Clinton , where she carried white voters by Mrs. Clinton points . Mr. Trump ’s advantage across all Mrs. Clinton states was so forbidding that Mrs. Clinton Cruz abandoned the Northeast entirely on Saturday , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Kasich was left to pick up Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders campaigned aggressively in Pennsylvania and Connecticut , but they focused largely on policy issues like fracking , gun control and Wall Street reform rather than Mr. Trump they did in a raucous televised debate in Brooklyn . Not only Mr. Trump Mr. Trump have significant prospects for a substantial delegate haul Tuesday , a week after his dominating performance in New York Mr. Trump he also had the opportunity to send a clear message to party leaders and other Republicans that resistance to his nomination is futile . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump the nomination majority becomes far clearer if Mr. Trump Cruz is unable to defeat him in Indiana . That Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz left Pennsylvania on Mr. Cruz to Mr. Trump to Indiana Indiana and he plans to campaign Mr. Cruz aggressively as he has anywhere since Indiana Iowa caucuses , where Mr. Cruz scored a surprise victory . The stakes Pennsylvania Mr. Saturday are so high that within political Mr. Cruz , speculation has Mr. Cruz this week that he would try to change the subject from his latest losses and announce Mr. Cruz pick for vice president before the primary Mr. Cruz Indiana . Advisers to Mr. Cruz Cruz were cagey about whether he would take such an extraordinary Indiana Mr. Cruz effort to win Indiana , Mr. Cruz polls last week put Mr. Trump ahead . But Mr. Trump did not dismiss the Indiana , an indication that they were thinking about such a move , wanted to keep the speculation alive , or both . But Mr. Trump has no intention of giving Mr. Cruz the opening Advisers to Mr. Cruz he so plainly needs . He planned a rally Mr. Cruz Advisers to Mr. Cruz Indianapolis with a beloved figure in Indiana state who has also been known Mrs. Clinton his mind and find controversy : Bobby Knight , the former Indiana Mrs. Clinton men ’s basketball coach Mrs. Clinton The two Democrats have also been eyeing Indiana , with Mrs. Clinton campaigning there on Tuesday . Mrs. Clinton narrowly beat Mrs. Clinton Obama in the Tuesday Indiana in 2008 , winning support from a sizable Mrs. Clinton white voters   —    who Mrs. Clinton nearly 80 percent of the electorate in that primary   —    while Mr. Obama won about 90 percent of the black vote . the primary in Indiana primaries and caucuses , Mr. Sanders has often beaten Mrs. Clinton among white voters , especially white men , and he also performs well with independents , young people and college students , all Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton to be forces in Indiana . " While our area has lost a lot Mr. Sanders    manufacturing jobs , and Senator Sanders has Indiana way of tapping into that , I think Democrats are ready to rally around Mrs. Clinton and help her get ready to take on Trump and the Republicans , " said Dennis Tyler , a Clinton backer who is mayor of Muncie Mrs. Clinton in a county Mrs. Clinton Clinton carried eight years ago . Sanders advisers have been steadily optimistic about Indiana , but Mrs. Clinton also acknowledged that a victory there would not matter much if Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton Indiana behind Mrs. Clinton in the race for Mr. Sanders . " If we do , " said Mr. Devine , the senator ’s strategist , " we may have to Mr. Sanders the drawing board . the race Sanders advisers we 