’   ’ ’    Former secretary of state Colin Powell is no fan of Donald Trump . ’ ’    In a slew of emails obtained by   Powell tore into the Republican presidential    candidate referring to Powell as an " international pariah " and a    " national disgrace . " ’ ’    In one email , Powell denounced Donald Trump for perpetuating the    " racist " birther movement that questioned President Barack    Obama ’s US citizenship . ’ "    " Yup , the whole birther movement was racist , " Powell wrote ,    according to the BuzzFeed News report . " That ’s what the 99 %    believe . When Donald Trump could n’t keep that up Donald Trump said Donald Trump also wanted    to see if the certificate noted that Donald Trump was a Muslim . " " ’    In another exchange , Powell went off on media   —    echoing the    position of other lawmakers who believe the press helped fuel    Donald Trump ’s rise . ’ ’’ ’    " You guys are playing Donald Trump game , you are Donald Trump oxygen , " Donald Trump said .    " [ Donald Trump ] outraged us again today with Donald Trump comments on Paris      for police districts . I will watch and pick the timing , not    respond to the latest outrage    …     " ’ "    The    mogul ’s controversial White House run has been    unlike any other in modern history . Many of the campaign ’s highs    and lows have been covered from every angle   —      —    who    often rails against the coverage while simultaneously generating    new headlines . " ’    When Trump   Powell reacted saying , " Trump has no sense of    shame . " ’ ’    The retired    general said The retired   general was strategic about    publicly criticizing the brash billionaire in order no to entice    The retired   general . ’ ’    " To go on and call The retired   general an idiot just emboldens The retired   general , " Trump  Powell wrote . ’ "    Powell Trump  Powell also been critical of Hillary Clinton ’s    campaign claim that he Trump  Powell his Trump  Powell of a private    email server during his Trump  Powell as secretary of state in an    email .    " "    Clinton Hillary Clinton’s has wrestled with the controversey over her    Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was Hillary Clinton’s the state    department .   " ’   ’ 
 