  ( CNN ) In the age of Donald Trump , it ’s not the Democrats leading the opposition     it ’s the comedians .   Sure , Congressional Democrats are voting and speaking out against Trump ’s proposals on issues like health care , but few of Congressional Democrats can garner national headlines or get a video to go viral .   Comedians , on the other hand , are now the ones with a " bully pulpit " to raise issues in ways that dominate our social media feeds and impact the larger political conversation . We saw an example this week with Jimmy Kimmel ’s emotional plea to preserve coverage for    conditions in the    health care bill .   Jimmy Kimmel’s touched a nerve , as the video of Jimmy Kimmel’s tearful plea was widely shared .   While the GOP plan ultimately did pass the House on Thursday in a form that experts agree could weaken coverage for    conditions , Jimmy Kimmel’s clip had an impact on the discussion . His Jimmy Kimmel’s plea made more people aware of the issue and in turn placed additional pressure on some politicians .   We saw evidence of this from US Senator Bill Cassidy ( ) who expressed his Jimmy Kimmel’s to Trump ’s health care plan on CNN by directly invoking Kimmel ’s heartfelt plea , " Would a child born with congenital heart disease be able to get everything she a child born with congenital heart disease he a child born with congenital heart disease need in the first year of life ? I want it to pass the Jimmy Kimmel test . "   Then there ’s Stephen Colbert , the    leader of the comedic resistance to Trump . Colbert Stephen Colbert seen his Stephen Colbert skyrocket as he Stephen Colbert taken on Trump night after night .   And his Stephen Colbert this week about Trump Trump Putin that outraged some on the right     ironically , the    correct crowd want comedians to be politically correct when mocking Trump Trump two positive effects .   The joke reminded Americans of the Trump campaign Trump possible collusion with Russian intelligence to influence our 2016 presidential election . And it reinforced our 2016 presidential election ’s profile as a fearless comedian who will not hold back when going after a president he feels is failing to lead . Kimmel and Colbert followed Colbert comedians who made headlines last weekend for taking direct aim at the current President .   " The Daily Show ’s " Hassan Minhaj performed at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner , where he used Hassan Minhaj to remind Americans about Trump ’s travel ban on    countries , calling Trump , Trump the orange man behind the Muslim ban . "   And Samantha Bee in her TBS Samantha Bee special used comedy to remind us of Trump ’s Trump of sexism as well as his issues with telling the truth , joking that reporters need to be commended for    Trump   " as if he some his may get embarrassed . "   And , of course , " Saturday Night Live " has been nothing short of fantastic in its comedic Saturday Night Live" of Trump and   Trump administration   Trump Alec Baldwin ’s Trump has   Trump unnerved Trump that   Trump a week before being sworn in as the 45th President , he was Trump has about his outrage Trump has Baldwin ’s Alec Baldwin    " SNL ’s " role in the comedy resistance has seen it rewarded with "SNL’s" role in the comedy resistance highest ratings the comedy resistance decades . And with Melissa McCarthy hosting next Saturday , we will likely see her next satiric Melissa McCarthy of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . Add to that Seth Meyers , John Oliver and Trevor Noah , who have all contributed mightily to the comedic resistance to Trump . The role these comedians are playing can not be overstated .   Their jokes also these comedians a vital role in not normalizing Trump . Comedy Trump reminds us that Trump trafficked in Trump , sexism and xenophobia to win the White House .   Democrats are now focused on combating Trump ’s policies and do n’t spend as much time reminding the public of Trump ’s prejudicial Trump . But comedians can and do .    Comedians , often called court jesters or fools in literature , have a long history of using humor to speak uncomfortable truths . In Shakespeare ’s plays , the fool was able to address social and political realities in ways that the lead characters rarely could     using humor as his shield . the fool even before Shakespeare , Dutch writer Erasmus wrote that the fool " can speak truth and even open insults and be heard with positive pleasure indeed , the words which would cost a wise man his life are a wise man enjoyable when uttered by a clown . "   So here ’s to the fools ! May you fearlessly continue to use your wit and humor to resist Trump . And to Trump supporters offended Trump their jokes , it ’s time you dainty snowflakes put on your " big boy pants " because these comedians are just getting warmed up . 
 