Protests and riots exploded across California and throughout the nation for the third night after Donald Trump ’s surprise victory in the presidential election . In Oakland , the East Bay Times reports , the rioting is almost out of control . [ However , the link between the protests and the presidential election is increasingly unclear . " This has nothing to do with Donald Trump , " one resident told the East Bay Times " It was just an excuse for people who want to get their frustrations people who want to get their frustrations out . It makes me feel really bad for my city . "   Other residents quoted by the Times East Bay Times East Bay Times This just breaks us down and it does n’t This to anything , " said Serrita Panngasiri , whose family members , Laotian immigrants , are the owners . " We ’re trying to get the city to my city lights out here because it gets dark and my city ’s very dangerous my city " On Thursday night , about 1 , 000 protesters in Oakland were kept at bay by police , who were determined to prevent them from blocking the about 1, 000 protesters in Oakland again . The San Francisco Chronicle reports : Several incidents of graffiti , much of promoting violence and offering such plugs as " Kill Trump , " were reported . Many small street fires were set and a handful of windows were smashed . The crimes , though , did not initially appear to be as widespread as the night before . The Times adds that the protest march in Oakland lasted for five miles . Elsewhere , hundreds of protesters marched in downtown Los Angeles on Thursday night . " The crowd halted traffic and was mostly peaceful , but some vandalized property with graffiti , hurled bottles and launched fireworks , " the Los Angeles Times reports . The Modesto Bee reports that about 100 demonstrators gathered downtown on Thursday night , chanting Thursday night Not my president " and holding " fuck Trump " signs . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 