  ( CNN ) With a little bit of help from Donald Trump , Rory McIlroy was    with the golf club Rory McIlroy famously threw into the lake at Doral     but probably wished the    tycoon had not bothered . Follow us @CNNSport and like us on Facebook , Never one to miss a media opportunity , Trump , the owner of the Blue Monster course in Florida , got a scuba diver to retrieve the    club which world No . 1 McIlroy had thought McIlroy had seen the last of during Friday ’s second round at the    Championship . The     American entrepreneur presented it to McIlroy before The    American entrepreneur final round Sunday , telling McIlroy that it was unlucky to continue playing with 13 clubs as against the usual 14 allowed under golf ’s rules . " McIlroy ’s never one to miss an opportunity , " McIlroy told the official PGA Tour website after McIlroy round . " It was fine . It was good fun . " Not that opportunity knocked for McIlroy when McIlroy chose the    to play McIlroy third shot to the 18th and final hole of the tournament and promptly found the water again .   The Northern Irishman feigned to repeat The Northern Irishman earlier antics , before placing it back in the bag . The Northern Irishman mistake led to a double bogey six and left The Northern Irishman tied for ninth at     eight shots behind winner Dustin Johnson . McIlroy had promised to return the club to Trump after the round and was as good as Trump word . " We ’re thinking about auctioning it for charity or doing a trophy case for Doral , putting it on a beautiful mount , " Trump said . winner Dustin Johnson is looking set to be one of McIlroy ’s main rivals in the first major of the season , the U. S. Masters at Augusta , next month and winner Dustin Johnson victory completed a triumphant comeback to the PGA Tour . The     American took a    break from the PGA Tour last July to cope with " personal problems " and returned earlier this year . winner Dustin Johnson finished with a    69 in testing conditions to leave winner Dustin Johnson one ahead of    leader JB Holmes and two clear of Bubba Watson , the reigning Masters champion . winner Dustin Johnson celebrated on the 18th with winner Dustin Johnson fiancee Paulina Gretzky , the daughter of ice hockey legend Wayne , and their    son . 
 