’   ’ ’    Jared Kushner , senior adviser to President Donald Trump , is    considering revamping Jared Kushner, senior adviser to President Donald Trump legal team as the investigation into    Russian interference in the 2016 election widens the 2016 election scope ,     on Monday , citing three people briefed on the    matter . ’ "      Kushner came under scrutiny last    month when   that he proposed setting up a secret back   Kushner of    communications , using Russian facilities , between President Donald Trump and    Moscow during the transition period . The Post reported that    Kushner had the alleged discussions with Russia ’s ambassador to    the US , Sergey Kislyak , who is a known Russian spy . " ’    Although administration officials   and said they " would not be concerned " administration officials   a back    channel ,   at the development , pointing out that    while back channels are indeed normal , it was not normal to ask    to use the facilities of a hostile foreign power to conduct such    communications . The Post’ ’s story came soon after it reported that    the FBI’ ’s The Post’’s story investigation , spearheaded by special counsel    Robert Mueller , had   to include    a senior White House official as a " person of interest . " ’ "    It was after these reports emerged , The Times said , that    Kushner ’s allies began searching for more    and    experienced attorneys to represent him . Kushner is currently    represented Kushner Jamie Kushner , who is a partner at the firm    WilmerHale . Mueller was also a partner at the Kushner , and he    resigned the firm   WilmerHale position after Kushner was chosen as special he       in he    FBI ’s Russia probe . " ’    In addition to Kushner , the firm also represents the interests of    the firm   WilmerHale and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort .    Gorelick urged   Ivanka Trump to consider choosing someone else to    represent him at first , The Times reported    ’ Kushner   ’ "    As the Russia investigation continues , Kushner ’s allies have    reportedly raised questions about Kushner between    Gorelick and Mueller . And in recent days , Kushner has met with at    least one    trial Kushner , according to people    familiar with the situation . Kushner released a statement from    Gorelick saying that the Kushner took place in an   Gorelick seek    advice on the issue , not replace or supplement Gorelick ’s team . " ’    " After the appointment of our former partner Robert Mueller as    special counsel , we advised Mr. Kushner to obtain the independent    advice of our lawyer with appropriate experience as to whether he    should continue with us as his counsel , " Mr. Kushner ’s statement    read our ’ Mr. Kushner    People familiar with the matter said that Kushner ’s confidants    were specifically scoping out courtroom litigators . Mr. Kushner D.    Lowell , a prominent trial attorney who represented Republican    lobbyist Jack Abramoff in a 2005 corruption scandal and is    currently representing NJ Sen. Robert Menendez against corruption    charges , was reportedly one of the people contacted . " "    As part of a    inquiry into the Trump campaign ’s    possible ties to Russia , FBI and congressional investigators are    also reportedly looking into   a Russian banker who is    close confidant to    Russian president Vladimir Putin , in December . The meeting    Russian Kushner and Gorkov would have taken place shortly after    Kushner ’s alleged meeting with Kislyak . " "    Gorkov Kushner tapped by Putin to head up Russia ’s Vnesheconombank Gorkov    January 2016   Russian president Vladimir Putin and Reuters reported that the FBI is examining    whether Gorkov suggested to Kushner that Russian banks could    finance Trump Gorkov business ventures Kushner US sanctions were    eased . " ’Jared Kushner may be considering new legal . .. ’ ’’ ’’ Kushner 
 