’   ’ ’    The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee spoke at length    on Wednesday , conveying one major point during a press conference    about the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016    election : the Senate Intelligence Committee was not descending into the chaos that    enveloped The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee House counterpart for the past week . ’ "    Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina , chair of the    Senate Intelligence Committee , and Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of    Virginia , the the   Senate Intelligence Committee member , were forceful in       up the bipartisan nature of their ’ "   Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina, chair of the   Senate Intelligence Committee, and Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of   Virginia, the committee’s ranking member during       press conference . " ’    When Burr , who called the investigation"one of the biggest "    Congress has seen in his     tenure   Congress Capitol Hill , was       about his past support   Congress Trump , including his past role   Congress as an adviser to his campaign ,   Congress North Carolina senator joked       he would " the North Carolina senator something I’’ve never done . " ’ ’    " I’’ll admit that I voted for him , " the North Carolina senator said . the North Carolina senator But I’’ve got a job    in the United States Senate . And I take that job extremely a job   in the United States Senate . " ’ ’    " It overrides any personal beliefs that I have or loyalties I       have , " he    . " Mark and I might look at politics    differently   —    we don’’t look at Mark and I responsibilities we have on    Mark and I committee differently . And that’ ’s to earn the trust and       of the intelligence community so they feel open and Mark and I       sharing information with us , because that enables us to do    us oversight . .. us much better . " ’ ’    Warner jumped in , adding that he has " confidence Warner that the      committee will " get to the bottom of this . " ’ ’    " And . .. if you get nothing else from today , take that statement    to the bank , " he said . ’ Warner   ’ "    As Burr and Warner stood next to Warner other answering questions    about their committee ’s investigation    House Intelligence    Committee Chair Devin Nunes continued his defense of meeting House Intelligence   Committee Chair Devin Nunes    the White House    with a source to get information    pertaining to potential    of President Trump and his    team , House Intelligence   Committee Chair Devin Nunes move that many said delegitimized the integrity of the    House investigation into Russia . " "    Nunes and committee Democrats   disputing assertions made by    the other side regarding their investigation ’s process   the other side Prominent    Democrats , and now even a Republican congressman , have called for    Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation Nunes which he has    insisted Nunes would    do Nunes " ’    Before last week , Nunes and Ranking Democrat Nunes Schiff did    press conferences in the style of Burr and Warner , standing    alongside each other    But that veneer of bipartisanship vanished    after Nunes first    to Nunes press alone to disclose the      information last week , without last week to the    rest the     information his committee . ’ "    For the two senators , Wednesday ’s press conference could not have    stood in starker contrast    the investigation taking place in    the House . "       " We will get to the bottom of this , " Warner said . " Richard and I    have known each other a long time . And the chairman and I have    serious concern about what    Russians have done and continue to    do around the world    " ’ ’    Burr said the leaders " can’’t say enough what the mission of the    Senate committee is . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " Which is to look at all activities that Russia might have taken    to alter or influence the 2016 elections in the United States , "    Burr continued . " In Burr to that , the mission of the    committee is to the   Senate committee contacts [ either campaign had ] with    Russian government , Russian government officials , that might have    influenced in any way shape or form the election process . " ’ ’    " We take that very seriously , " he added . " It’ ’s not something that    can be done quickly . " ’ ’    The North Carolina Republican promised his committee would look    " anywhere intelligence suggest there might have been any type of    relationship or effort to influence US elections . " ’ ’    Asked about whether he could definitively rule out any collusion    between the Trump team and Russian officials , Burr said it was    " crazy to try to draw conclusions " at this stage of the    investigation , adding that it is unwise to share updates on a    "   " basis because those bits and pieces are " not    always accurate " once further intelligence is uncovered . ’ ’    The House investigation , for the past the   investigation seemingly been    operating in a way where such "   " revelations are    being made , starting with Nunes ’’ first briefing with reporters    last week . Burr said his committee would not be asking the House    Burr play " any role in our investigation " and " we don’’t plan to    play any role in our investigation . "    ’    Warner insisted that a bipartisan approach is a must for an    investigation that has , in many respects , become infected with    partisanship elsewhere . ’ ’    " If we don’’t come to some joint conclusion . .. I think we will    not have fulfilled our duty , we he said , later adding we " We’’re going    to get it right . " ’ ’The leaders of the Senate Intelligence . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 