WASHINGTON —   Sen. Ted Cruz tied Sen. Ted Cruz rival Donald Trump to President Barack Obama in response to the Islamic terrorist attacks in Brussels , Belgium , Tuesday . [ Monday , Donald Trump called for the United States to pull back the United States involvement with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) a military alliance of countries from North America and Europe ( originally western Europe Europe against common threats .   When NATO was founded in 1949 , the chief threat it NATO designed to protect against was the Soviet Union . But the treaty members’    obligations are against all common threats , with the principle that " an attack on one is an attack on all . " When asked if America should " rethink " its America involvement in NATO NATO " the billionaire began his answer to CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer with , " Yes , because it ’s costing us too much money . " Tuesday , Cruz began his his press conference by saying : It his short press conference striking that the day after Donald Trump called for America weakening NATO , withdrawing from NATO NATO that we see Brussels , where NATO NATO headquartered , the subject of a radical Islamic terrorist attack . Donald Donald Trump wrong that America should America from the world and abandon our allies America Donald Trump Donald Trump that America should retreat America Europe , retreat from NATO , hand NATO Russian President Vladimir ] Putin a major victory , and while he ’s at [Russian President Vladimir , hand ISIS a major victory . In response to a reporter ’s question , Cruz tied Trump to Obama , answering : NATO should join NATO the United States in utterly destroying ISIS . And ISIS would note that NATO is ready NATO act in a way that our president is not . Donald Trump ’s Trump withdraw from the world , to withdraw from NATO , to NATO from Europe is sadly consistent with his statement that he Trump to be Trump between Israel and the Palestinians . We have seen for seven years a president that can not distinguish between our friends and our We —   We president that can not distinguish between the nation of Israel and Islamic terrorists Israel seek to murder us . And it We be a mistake to elect another president who buys into the same    moral relativism that equates the terrorist blowing himself up and murdering innocent civilians to the brave soldiers and law enforcement officers risking everything to keep us safe . Focusing We on the current occupant of the White House , who is on an official visit to Havana with Cuba ’s communist dictator , Raul Castro , Cruz —   whose father fled Cuba as a young Cuba to escape political persecution —   sharply criticized Obama . " While our friends and allies are attacked by radical Islamic terrorists , President Obama is spending Obama going to baseball Obama with the Castros , " he said . The senator Obama on Obama either to immediately return Obama the White House to personally take charge of the U. S. response to the Brussels terrorist attack or to announce that he was heading immediately to The senator called on Obama to meet with our Brussels allies . Further comparing Trump with Obama , Cruz continued , Obama And I would note that retreat from the world —   that    retreat from the world —   is the world the retreat from the world that Donald Trump is the world Trump the Texas senator then contrasted Trump from Obama , finishing his Trump Obama adding that " even Barack the Texas senator has n’t gone Obama as arguing for withdrawing from NATO . " Cruz concluded his press conference by declaring , " The way the Texas senator respond to terrorist attacks is not weakness —   is not unilateral and preemptive surrender . Abandoning Europe , withdrawing from NATO as Trump suggests , is preemptive surrender . NATO Ken Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 