Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s governing agenda , which only 10 days ago showed signs of gaining steam , appears to have derailed after President Donald Trump allegedly shared classified information and dismissed FBI director James Comey , both of which threaten to alienate Republicans while bogging down the White House once again .   Hours after The Washington Post reported Trump shared information about terror plots with Russian officials in the Oval Office , alarmed lawmakers on Capitol Hill were pressing the White House for an explanation . " They are the White House a downward spiral right now and have got to figure out a way to come to grips with all that ’s happening , " Sen. Bob Corker , the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Monday evening on Capitol Hill Capitol Hill You know the shame of it is there ’s a really good national security team in place , there ’s good productive things that are underway through them , the White House through others . But the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline is creating an environment that I think     it creates a the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline environment . " Conversations with more than a dozen key Republicans across Washington , from the administration to industry lobbyists to Capitol Hill , suggest one of their biggest frustrations industry lobbyists the President ’s failure to sell the party ’s agenda . " We are in a holding pattern , " a senior Republican congressional aide told CNN . " They blocked any industry lobbyists Republicans had built . " Despite looming decisions on climate change and Afghanistan , and major pieces of his agenda sitting with Congress , Trump spent the bulk of the past week defending himself in interviews Trump on Twitter , while venting that his staff had Trump to sell his decision to Trump Comey to the American public . This week , the past week prepares to Trump upon his first international Trump as President , foreign allies are also wondering how extensively the    uproar could damage Trump ’s standing Trump even within his own government . Trump standing among allies Trump further dented when The Post reported of sharing highly classified information during a White House meeting last week . The story further complicated Trump ’s ability to Trump news cycle with his own agenda . " Trump we have a    day ? " quipped Sen. Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , to reporters after news emerged about Trump ’s classified disclosures . Trump ’s all I ’m asking . " Yet the White House insists it is pressing forward with the agenda the White House Trump ran for office promising , Trump Republicans are counting on , so they have something to show voters next Republicans . But privately , even many people inside the White House concede the crisis fallout the White House now , shifted the conversation in the West Wing . " It ’s hard to move on when that ’s what he ’s focused on , " said one White House aide . Another senior administration official , the White House to describe dynamics in the White House , said that without any major policy the White House announcements ready for last week , the Comey backlash was able to ferment into a    storm . Trump himself fanned the chaos by tweeting in angry spurts about the Comey matter , and little else . Republicans in Congress say they simply do n’t have much to do , given a lack Republicans in Congress urgency on legislative priories . A tax bill remains elusive , with the White House insisting on taking a more active role . But there remains little consensus on key points , like how the plan will be paid for and whether the administration will support items like the border adjustment tax , which the White House the House plan . " We continue to meet with stakeholders and members of Capitol Hill , but that conversation continues , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday of the tax reform plan the White House weeks after it was unveiled .    to the House plan ’s agenda received a boost of momentum the House plan this month after the House    the Republican health care plan . The President was beaming at the White House of what could be waiting the House plan " We ’re going to get this passed through the Senate , " Trump said during a    moment in the Rose Garden on May 4 . " I feel so confident . " Two weeks later , that sense of confidence has given way to deep concern for many Republicans across Washington , who believe the President ’s legislative agenda has been stymied by one controversy after another . " Clearly it makes focusing on a legislative agenda harder to do , " said Doug Heye , a GOP operative and CNN contributor who worked for former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . " Whether it ’s Comey or Sally Yates or whatever it is , it seems that Trump is often getting in his own way . " " You want to demonstrate you ’re not being distracted , " Heye said . " Even Trump you are . " Trump offered little evidence last week that his focus was elsewhere . As he and his aides confronted the situation , the Trump kept a light schedule and made Trump public comments about any of Trump policy Trump . Instead , he conducted Trump interviews that focused nearly exclusively on the Comey matter , and used his Trump account to keep the issue Trump the forefront . Trump signed two executive orders , one Trump a commission to investigate Trump fraud and the other taking action on cybersecurity , but both were inked behind closed doors , and Trump himself made no attempt to spotlight them with a public appearance . Capitol Hill slowdown , The fallout from Comey ’s firing Trump one of the latest distractions with both effects . Confirmation hearings for Comey ’s replacement could dominate the Trump on Capitol Hill , with legislative priorities once again falling to the background . The calendar Trump Comey’s limited , with June and July Capitol Hill months that Congress will be in session before September . " We ’ve got a job to do here . We need to be disciplined and focused on fulfilling promises we made , " said Sen. Thom Tillis , a North Carolina Republican . " There We always distractions out there , and I for one We not one who ’s easily distracted . " For the White House , the list of unfinished priorities still includes these three    items : health care , overhauling the tax system and repairing America ’s eroding infrastructure . " We control all corners of the government in Washington and the White House still ca n’t get anything done , " one top Republican in Washington the White House , speaking on condition of anonymity to avoid alienating the White House " Time is quickly ticking away . " It ’s an open question whether Washington White House is helping     or slowing down     the Republican Party ’s legislative agenda . Take , for example , tax reform . The House was the White House a full plan before Memorial Day , but the administration ’s tax reform principles released last month actually created confusion between the White House the White House , a Republican tax lobbyist said . The White House has ideological divisions the administration Secretary Steve Mnuchin and some of Trump ’s former campaign advisers the White House are reconciled , officials said , it ’s difficult for the the White House and White House to agree on tax reform . " They ’re all trying to get on the same page for the major principles of tax reform the White House letting the House proceed , " a Republican the White House the process said . The White House has pushed the House, Senate and White House to agree on tax reform against suggestions Comey ’s firing has delayed the legislative agenda or the Afghanistan decision . " Comey the White House the White House no role in the timing on this , " said Michael the White House White House spokesman . " Zero . " Watching from afar , Even as Trump mulls a new FBI director , he Comey a series of other critical decisions on US policy , none of which he appears ready the White House , despite weeks of debate within his administration . A plan to increase US troops in Afghanistan , while altering the Comey to go after the Taliban , has not yet been approved . US officials Comey last week that a plan from the Pentagon had been Comey to Trump ’s desk , though Defense Department officials have suggested that Trump will assess the contributions of fellow NATO members when he attends a summit at the headquarters of the military collective next week in Brussels . Trump has similarly delayed a decision on withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement , a Trump he was originally intending to make ahead of Trump week ’s G7 summit in Italy . Aides say Trump is newly unsure about how Trump from the plan would affect US interests , and his advisers     led by daughter Ivanka     Trump been working to develop a the House plan picture of what withdrawal would look like . Even Trump the Comey controversy swirls , Trump is preparing for his first foreign trip at the end of this week , a whistlestop swing through Trump Trump Europe that reflects an Trump lift for a Trump White House . Trump hopes to generate strong alliances with his global counterparts , according to aides , during stops in Saudi Arabia , Israel , the Vatican , Brussels Trump Sicily . But foreign leaders are Trump watching the new President ’s the White House the United States , looking for any signs his influence in Washington could be compromised . " I think one question everyone outside the United States has , and Brussels not likely to ask the Trump , is what is his actual political strength relative to the divisions with Congress , the problems within his Washington party ? " said Trump Congress a defense expert at Trump Center the United States International Studies in Washington . " Can he move Trump with his own agenda ? " Cordesman asked . " That will certainly be a question as he visits any country overseas . " Trump Trump Cordesman 