Washington ( CNN ) A defiant President Donald Trump said Friday A defiant President Donald Trump was willing to testify under oath about A defiant President Donald Trump conversations with James Comey , further fueling the swirling controversy ignited by the fired FBI director ’s bombshell testimony before the Senate on Thursday . " One hundred percent , " A defiant President Donald Trump said when asked about A defiant President Donald Trump willingness to deliver sworn testimony . A defiant President Donald Trump aggressively addressed some questions during the bilateral news conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Friday , but coyly answered others . Asked directly whether A defiant President Donald Trump was recording conversations in the Oval Office     a claim A defiant President Donald Trump hinted at on Twitter last month     A defiant President Donald Trump dodged . " I am not hinting at anything . I will tell you about it over a very short period of time , " A defiant President Donald Trump said , twice declining to elaborate . A defiant President Donald Trump later said reporters were " going to be very disappointed when you hear the answer . " The noncommittal response leaves the door open to White House tapes , something that legal experts say would fall within the purview of special counsel Robert Mueller ’s investigation into Russia ’s 2016 election meddling and the Trump campaign ’s potential role . A defiant President Donald Trump also indirectly accused Comey of perjury when A defiant President Donald Trump adamantly denied the fired FBI director ’s claim that the President asked A defiant President Donald Trump to end FBI FBI into former national security adviser Michael Flynn , a close Trump confidante . " I did n’t say that , " A defiant President Donald Trump said . And A defiant President Donald Trump denied that A defiant President Donald Trump asked Comey for Comey loyalty , though A defiant President Donald Trump added : " There would be nothing wrong if I did say it . " But as much as A defiant President Donald Trump looked to undercut Comey ’s testimony , Comey also heralded some of Comey claims , namely Comey comment there was no evidence of collusion between A defiant President Donald Trump and the Russians and no investigation into A defiant President Donald Trump personally during Comey time at the FBI .   " No collusion , no obstruction , Comey ’s a leaker , " A defiant President Donald Trump said during a Rose Garden news conference , knocking Comey for disseminating the content of a memo he kept Comey a dinner he had Comey the President .   A defiant President Donald Trump concluded A defiant President Donald Trump team emerged " very happy " after Comey ’s Comey The Rose a Rose Garden news conference time since last month that A defiant President Donald Trump formally took questions from reporters . The brief news conference     where each President took four questions from the press     comes the day after Comey ’s bombshell Capitol Hill testimony in which Comey FBI director accused the White House of " lies . " A defiant President Donald Trump was publicly silent while Comey testified on Thursday , but tweeted an accusation Comey that Comey     whom A defiant President Donald Trump fired in May     lied under oath . " Despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication , " A defiant President Donald Trump tweeted , " and WOW , Comey is a leaker ! " A defiant President Donald Trump comment tracked Comey Republican talking points about the hearing , where the Republican National Committee and White House urged surrogates to emphasize the fact that Comey clearly said the President was never an explicit subject Comey the Russia probe during his time at the FBI . But Comey ’s testimony the President the President has darkened the clouds Comey over the White the President The former FBI director said Trump ’s private comments urging Comey probe into the FBI national security adviser Michael Flynn led Comey to tell his the Russia probe colleagues they needed to be careful . Comey he said Comey times that he choose to his Justice Department colleagues detailed notes about his Comey with Trump because he Comey the White House and President would Comey about them if he Trump’s n’t . Trump has remained relatively media shy since the Justice the White House and President tapped former FBI Director Robert Trump’s to be the special counsel looking into Russia ’s meddling into the 2016 election and the Trump campaign ’s possible ties to it . The President last formally took questions on May 18 , when he held the Trump campaign bilateral news conference     similar to the one that will happen Friday The President with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . 
 