’   ’ ’    President Barack Obama on Sunday called the shocking leaked 2005    recording of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump     " by the     " a sign of the Manhattan    billionaire’ ’s insecurity . ’ ’    The recording of Trump , which was picked up by a hot mic and     on Friday , came from an    interaction between Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    " and television personality Billy Bush .    In addition to his comments about grabbing women " by the    "    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    " made a litany of other sexually suggestive remarks . The    Post reported The   Post came after Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    " married Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    " third wife ,    Melania . ’ ’    " One of the most disturbing things about this election is just    the unbelievable rhetoric coming at the top of the Republican    ticket , " Obama said at a fundraiser in Chicago . " I don’’t need to    repeat don’’t . There are children in the room . " ’ ’    " But demeaning women , degrading women , but also minorities ,    immigrants , people of other faiths , mocking the disabled ,    insulting our troops , insulting our veterans , "    continued ,    naming a list of prior controversial Trump comments . " That tells    you a couple things . It tells you    is insecure enough that       pumps    up by putting other people down . Not a character    trait that I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office . " ’ ’    The president said the tape showed that Trump " doesn’’t care much    about the basic values we try to impart to kids . " ’ ’’ ’    Trump "doesn’’t addressed the matter in a Friday statement , in which Trump "doesn’’t    called the comments " locker room banter " and added that former    President Bill Clinton has said " far worse to former   President Bill Clinton on the golf    course . " ’ ’    That was later followed by a    video address , offering a    brief apology and saying Trump "doesn’’t looked forward to the Sunday    night presidential debate . Trump "doesn’’t posted a tweet Saturday morning to    call the past day " certainly . .. interesting . " ’ ’    Almost immediately , Trump came under fire from those on both    sides of the aisle   —    as many top Republicans either strongly    condemned the comments or unendorsed the Manhattan billionaire    altogether . ’ 
 