Earlier this week on the Fox News Channel , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) the national security chairman for Republican presidential    Donald Trump , appeared on Fox News Channel ’s " On the Record " and offered his reaction to the terrorist attack in Brussels earlier in the week .   Sessions told host Greta Van Susteren that President Barack Obama ’s reluctance to use the term " radical Islam " makes it difficult to address the threat of terrorism . Transcript as follows : VAN SUSTEREN : Alabama senator and Donald Trump ’s national security chair Senator Jeff Session goes ON THE RECORD . Good evening , sir . JEFF SESSIONS , DONALD TRUMP ’S NATIONAL SECURITY CHAIR : Good evening . VAN SUSTEREN : Senator , with all the terrorism that ’s just happened in Belgium , the president has not come home and the president has not used the term radical Islam , which General Flynn last night on our show said was very important to identify the enemy and the president used the term like that . Tell me your thoughts on the president , number one , not cutting the president trip short and coming home and , two , not using that term ? SESSIONS : Well , it is a worldwide crisis . it ’s not as big as    of course , but it ’s very , very big to our friends and our neighbors , really in Belgium . So , I think it is a legitimate concern that the president is not seemingly taking this seriously enough . This whole idea , refusal to address the reality of the threat we face does impact we ability to defend America and to help the whole world see the nature of the threat we face which is very real . I guess it arises out of political correctness where you just do n’t want to say anything bad about anybody or raise any questions . But that kind of intimidation of free speech is dangerous , it makes it free speech to free speech accommodations and to understand differences and fix dangerous problems like we face today . VAN SUSTEREN : Well , he did say VAN SUSTEREN Havana on the 22nd of March that we stand in solidarity and we condemn these we attacks . He just does VAN SUSTEREN use the term " Radical Islam . " SESSIONS : Well , it should be used . I mean , it just   it    yes , it ’s just it has always been a strain of this many times it ’s very it and not arising . But we are now we a    trend of rising radicalism and Islam . It needs to it confronted first by our Islamic friends . They need to our Islamic friends it vigorously and it United States has to be on alert constantly . We have no our to place our country at the United States than we ought to our a result of some massive refugee program . So I think the United States needs the United States world see with clarity the threat that we face and move away from denial . VAN SUSTEREN : All right . Donald Trump has released a list of his foreign policy advisors and you Donald Trump heading the list . Have you been a list of his foreign policy advisors Donald Trump , number one ? Donald Trump talking to him . And , number one two , Donald Trump he take your advice ? Do you Donald Trump the sense he is listening to you ? SESSIONS Donald Trump Well , I Donald Trump given advice , and he has taken that advice . And Donald Trump have met with advice talked with him . And Donald Trump are going to Donald Trump within , you know , fairly short period of time another important meeting with the entire group with Mr. Trump that the dates and time Donald Trump firmed up right now . So , it ’s an important thing . I think Donald Trump instinctively grasps international relations and power Donald Trump many of his insights , I think , are striking a Donald Trump with the American people . That when we have a direct enemy like ISIS , they need to be destroyed , but we do n’t need to be in meshed , drag ourselves we the long , prolonged wars in an area of we world that ’s not close to our home , where our interests are n’t directly threatened . we SUSTEREN : Senator we thank you very much for joining us , sir . SESSIONS : Thank you . Good to we with you . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 VAN SUSTEREN: Senator 