Washington ( CNN ) A Texas elector said Monday that enough is enough     A Texas elector will not cast A Texas elector vote for    Donald Trump as part of the Electoral College process on December 19 . Christopher Suprun , a paramedic from Texas who served as a firefighter during the Sept. 11 attacks , wrote in an editorial published in The New York Times that even though he is a Republican elector , he will not vote for   Donald Trump . Suprun will cast Suprun vote along with the other electors ( 538 in total ) from every state and the District of Columbia on December 19 as part of the Electoral College process .   " Fifteen years ago , I swore an oath to defend my country and Constitution against all enemies , foreign and domestic , " Suprun wrote . " On Dec. 19 , I will do it again . " Suprun ends the editorial by saying that the electors still have a chance to unify behind a Republican alternative such as Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Along with Suprun , 36 other electors planning to vote for Trump would have to abandon 36 other electors vote for Trump     which is almost beyond the realm of possibility . Even if Suprun does n’t cast Suprun vote for Trump is Trump toward the 270 votes Suprun needs to become president in January .   In the editorial Suprun explained that Suprun believes Trump has Trump Suprun ’s not qualified for the Oval Office . Suprun wrote that the last time the nation was united was after the Sept. 11 attacks , while Trump has Trump " to unite America " and drove " a wedge between us . " " Suprun does not encourage civil discourse , but chooses to stoke fear and create outrage , " Suprun wrote in the editorial . Joe Biden leaves the door open for a 2020 run , Suprun added Suprun Trump ’s Trump such as saying " Russia should hack Hillary Clinton ’s emails " and urging " violence against protesters at his rallies during Joe Biden campaign " show that he is not Joe Biden to be president . He also wrote Joe Biden how the advisers Trump surrounds himself Trump , Joe Biden retired Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn for National Security Adviser and Steve Bannon , a former Breitbart executive named to a senior adviser position , are not positive influences on him . " Joe Biden has surrounded Joe Biden with advisers Joe Biden as Stephen K. Bannon , who claims to be a Leninist and lauds villains and their thirst for power , including Darth Vader , " he wrote . Joe Biden Gen. Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s pick for national security adviser , has his own checkered Gen. Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s pick for national security adviser about rules . " 
 