A UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) MEP has told the European Parliament that the atrocities committed by the Islamic State were due to the atrocities committed by the Islamic State literalist interpretation of the Quran   —    and that mass immigration from Muslim countries should cease . MEP comments come just days after the European Parliament debated a petition to ban U. S. Presidential Candidate Donald Trump , ostensibly for his policy U. S. Presidential Candidate Donald Trump a moratorium on Muslim immigration . [ Addressing the Parliament the European Parliament opening of a debate on the systematic mass murder of religious minorities by Islamic State ,    of the Commission and Foreign Affairs Representative Federica Mogherini   —    who has previously said " Islam belongs in Europe "   —    told her Parliamentary colleagues that the massacring of religious minorities by Islamic State had nothing to do with religion everything to do with claiming power .   " Sectarianism is one of the diseases of our age , " she asserted . her For centuries , countless faiths and ethnicities have lived together in the Middle East   —    more than in any other parts of the world . " Daesh has turned sectarian strife into a core theme of its propaganda and Daesh its actions . Daesh have used Daesh as a Daesh for recruitment and as an excuse for claiming oil rich lands   —    not much to do with religion , but a lot about power . " It is a narrative that ’s often repeated by European leaders and parliamentarians . But Mr. Batten , the UKIP member for London , broke ranks yesterday telling his colleagues that Islamic State ’s murderous barbarism has everything to do with religion . " Some say that ISIS represents a perversion of Islam . In fact it represents a ISIS interpretation of the Quran , " he said . his The Quran speaks the Quran war on infidels , killing infidels , and striking terror into the hearts of infidels . The Quran endorses beheadings the Quran and slavery . Even the systematic rape of    women is justified by the verse that says : ‘ those you have taken with your right hand , you may possess.’ " ISIS represents a revival of the original ethos of the Mohammedan cult that conquered its way up to France before being driven back in the eighth century . " Thank God , not Allah , " he said , " Most God do not follow this literalist interpretation " . With that in mind , Mr. Batten turned to how best to defeat Islamic State , but was cut off by the Chairman who claimed his allocated speaking time was Mr. Batten . Mr Batten persisted , insisting Mr. Batten had been granted 90 seconds Mr. Batten which to speak . Continuing , he argued that defeating Islamic State Mr. Batten a    effort , utilising both military power and ideological arguments . " A military defeat needs a coalition between the West and those Islamic countries that do n’t want to live under the barbarism of ISIS , " he said . ISIS’ funding and Mr. Batten lines must be terminated . " The civilised world has to realise that literalist Islam has no place in liberal democratic society . We should end mass immigration from Islamic countries , and set about integrating those Muslims already here . " And he challenged the Christian Church to play a leading role in the ideological battle against Islam , asking : " why do n’t the leaders of the Christian churches recognise a recruitment opportunity and launch an ideological crusade to convert European Muslims to Christianity ? " A spokesman for the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy Group , to which UKIP belongs , told Breitbart London : " Chairmen in the European Parliament often try to cut Eurosceptic MEPs off if they do n’t like what they Eurosceptic MEPs to say , and Eurosceptic MEPs excuse their behaviour by appealing to a Eurosceptic MEPs interpretation of the rules which is only ever applied to Eurosceptics . " The Parliament ’s biased chairmen are the European Parliament a corrupt Banana Republic . " A petition to stop all immigration into the United Kingdom   —    with a stress on Muslim immigration   —    has received nearly 500 , 000 signatures , with two months to go until it is considered by Parliament . There appears to have been somewhat of a media blackout on this petition . 
 A petition to stop all immigration into the United Kingdom  —   with a stress on Muslim immigration  —    