An American expatriate considered one of the most powerful women in Britain has hosted a Hillary Clinton campaign event for London ’s    elite . [ Lady Barbara Judge hosted the    $ 5 , 000 per ticket Women Abroad for Hillary Clinton event for expatriates living in Britain to have an audience with Melanne Verveer , the    Hillary Clinton advocate and former U. S. State Department official .   Lady Judge , an    businesswoman who has been living in Britain since the early 1990s , is a prominent figure in both the London and international elite . Hillary Clinton currently is a member of the David    globalist Trilateral Commission , as well as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations which promotes globalisation and economic consolidation into regional blocs such as NAFTA and the European Union ( EU ) . Former roles include executive director of News International , and Chairman of the UK Atomic Energy Authority ( UKAEA ) . She has also served on the International Advisory Board for the development of nuclear energy in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .   The dual American and British national , who was appointed CBE in 2010 for She services to the nuclear and financial industries , was named by BBC Radio 4 as one of Britain ’s most powerful women , and holds an entry in the exclusive society handbook Debrett ’s list of top 500 most influential people in the UK .   This is not the first time that    campaigners have attempted to influence absentee voters in Britain . In September ,    Avaaz staged an event where organisers drove an    campaign bus through London .   Avaaz sought to " mobilise " a    " secret swing state " of progressive , " global citizen " American expatriates to " stop Trump " .    The bus tour was attended by Americans living in London , most of whom had been living outside of the U. S. for decades , with many being members of the academic , art , and liberal elite of London . There were also   . the U. S. campaigners from Britain and Europe who are actively engaged in the wider    globalist , and    movements in the city . London spoke to campaigners on the bus . They campaigners on the bus at Middle America , saying that Americans from the heartland were less educated than them Americans from the heartland too    nationalistic , and , according to one Swede , too stupid to get passports .   Ms. Veveer ’s appearance in London London the power player ’s home on Wednesday follows on from her Ms. Veveer’s appearance in London at the power player in conversation’ in Stockholm , Sweden , on Tuesday . The event ’s tickets   —    or ‘ contributions’   —    were $ 100 for under 35s , $ 250 for supporters , $ 500 for advocates , and $ 5 , 000 for   . Nineteen    were listed on the The event website , meaning that in the region of nearly $ 100 , 000 was raised for the Hillary Victory Fund in London alone . 
 