Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump will nominate former members of Congress Scott Garrett and Spencer Bachus to two vacant positions at the US    Bank     an entity President Donald Trump has in the past called " excess baggage " and agreed with conservatives on shutting down . Congress Scott Garrett would fill the role of    president for a    term . In the past , Congress Scott Garrett was openly critical of the    Bank , tweeting in 2015 : " I opposed the House ’s vote to reauthorize the corporate welfare program known as the   Bank . # CronyCapitalism . "   Congress Scott Garrett served as a New Jersey Republican congressman from 2003 to 2015 and was a state representative for 12 years prior . Congress Scott Garrett was one of the nine Bachus would be a member of the    Bank ’s Board of Directors . Bachus served in Congress from 1993 to 2015 , representing Bachus , and at one point was chairman of the House Financial Services Committee . He supported the bank ’s    once saying the    Bachus " Bank’s to help those small businesses Bank’s in the global marketplace . " The    Bank , the federal government ’s export credit agency , has been targeted by groups like the Heritage Foundation and some    conservatives in the past     who argue it ’s a form of corporate welfare that unduly benefits major companies , such as Boeing and Caterpillar .    the bank became a campaign issue during the 2014 midterm election and remained The   Bank, the federal government’s export credit agency of debate in Congress afterward . Opponents , such as    banking chairman Richard Shelby ,    have tried to hobble it by not confirming nominees to its board .    bank has lacked full    in recent years because of    vacant seats The   Bank, the federal government’s export credit agency means it ca n’t approve transactions over $ 10 million . On the campaign trail , The   Bank, the federal government’s export credit agency called the bank " featherbedding " for politicians and companies . " I do n’t like The   Bank, the federal government’s export credit agency I think it ’s a lot of excess baggage . I think it ’s unnecessary , " he it Bloomberg in August 2015 . " And when you it about free enterprise , Trump ’s really not free enterprise . I ’d be against it . " But Trump it to reverse a number of his campaign trail positions in it interview published by Trump Wall Street Journal on Wednesday , Trump signaling support for the    Bank . In the interview , Trump said the    Bank helped small companies . " Instinctively , you an interview published by The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday , Trump that a the   Bank " Trump said . " But actually , it ’s a very good thing . And it Trump makes money , it could make a lot of money . " The White House did not it a request for comment it 
 