CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Seema Mehta , a Los Angeles Times correspondent covering    during Donald Trump ’s speech to the Republican National Convention Thursday evening , had to report Donald Trump’s crime statistics as " mostly accurate . " [ Her complete headline at the Times blog was : " Donald Trump’s ’s crime stats are mostly accurate but his Donald Trump’s are a stretch . " In other words , because his Donald Trump’s can not be corrected and then mocked , his Donald Trump’s must be ridiculed instead .   In the opening to his Donald Trump’s , after accepting his Donald Trump’s ’s nomination , Trump Donald Trump’s to the subjects of crime , and law and order : I will present the facts plainly and honestly . We can not afford to be so politically correct anymore .    …      Homicides last year increased by 17 % in America ’s fifty largest cities . That ’s the largest increase in 25 years . In our nation ’s capital , killings have risen by 50 percent . They killings up nearly 60 % in nearby Baltimore . In the President ’s hometown of Chicago , more than 2 , 000 have been the victims of shootings this year alone . And more than 3 , 600 have been killed in the Chicago Chicago since he took office . The number of police officers killed in the line of duty has risen by almost 50 % compared to this point last year . Nearly 180 , 000 illegal immigrants with criminal records , ordered deported from our country , are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens . Mehta griped : While the statistics he Mehta were largely accurate , his Mehta was overreaching , according to independent fact checkers . While there have been sharp recent increases in homicide rates in certain parts of the our country overall murder rates are the lowest they have overall murder rates in decades , according to factcheck . org . Additionally , a snapshot offered by looking at a couple years is insufficient to determine whether there is a new trend . In terms of specific statistics , Trump was accurate when he talked Trump a 17 %     increase in homicides in the nation ’s 50 largest cities and the murder rates in Washington , D. C. Baltimore and Chicago . But he was Trump when he said Trump the number of police officer deaths has risen nearly 50 % compared to the same period last year . While the number of police officers killed by guns has gone up that amount , the overall number of police officers killed in the line of duty is flat . Note , in particular , Mahta ’s last paragraph , in which she claims Mahta Trump said " the number of police officer deaths has risen nearly 50 % . " Now look again at what Trump said Trump " killed in the line the line of duty She corrects him for a Mahta he Trump made . For Trump " " Republicans are presumed to be wrong , or stupid   —    even when they are correct . Joel Republicans Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Regnery 
 