  ( CNN ) A devastating analysis from the Congressional Budget Office on the House GOP bill to repeal Obamacare has rattled moderate Republicans in the House , who are uneasy about the prospects of voting for a proposal that increasingly appears dead on arrival in the Senate . Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    said publicly Tuesday that Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    would n’t be able to support the GOP health care legislation after the CBO score revealed the high number of people who would lose insurance . " I plan to vote NO on the current # AHCA bill . As written the current #AHCA bill leaves too many from my # SoFla district uninsured , " Florida Republican Rep. Ileana    wrote in two consecutive tweets . " As # AHCA stands , it will cut the current #AHCA bill needed help for # SoFla ’s poor + elderly populations . Need a plan that will do more to protect them . " poor + elderly populations Rep. Leonard Lance , a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 , told CNN that he believes the Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 bill will fail in the Senate . As he eyes his Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 reelection Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 next year , Lance said he Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 n’t Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 to support a legislation that would be rejected by his Republican colleagues Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 the Capitol .    " I do not want to vote on a bill that has no chance of passing over in the Senate , the Senate said . Republican Rep. Leonard Lance, a moderate from New Jersey who Democrats believe will be vulnerable in 2018 The CBO score has modified the dynamics . " At a meeting with senators and the White House Tuesday , administration officials acknowledged the House bill , in the White House current form , ca n’t make it through the Senate , an the Senate one of the senators present said . After the White House meeting , the the White House " fully expect the senators changes to the House bill once     or if     it arrives in the Senate , the the House bill the Senate declining to go an adviser to one of the senators present of what changes the White House may have explicitly indicated support for , because " negotiations will continue . " In light of the new CBO report , Lance said House leaders must make changes to their existing bill the White House only bring to the floor House leaders version that can survive in the Senate . Rep. Charlie Dent the Senate Pennsylvania Republican and member of the House ’s moderate Tuesday Group , signaled another concern the White House : that conservatives in the GOP conference are exerting immense influence over President Donald Trump and potentially imperiling efforts to reform healthcare at all . Dent told CNN that rolling back the Medicaid expansion before 2020     which conservatives have been asking the White House to do     would be a " " and could potentially endanger the legislation on the House floor and in the Senate , where nearly 20 members hail from Medicaid expansion states . " Taking that date back from 2020 Medicaid a huge problem . It is a    for many , " Dent said , adding that he spoke not only for himself but other members of the Tuesday Group . RELATED : he Republican health care struggle is real , Dent , who comes from a state that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare , said the House bill as written already had some    Republicans with deep concerns , but the message coming from leadership had been the bill is n’t open to significant changes .   If the House bill as written House is willing to make a side deal with conservatives , however , Dent says that changes the political dynamics . " This bill is either negotiable or it ’s not , " Dent the House bill as written . " It ca n’t the House bill as written both . " An Dent concern from House moderates the House bill as written they could be asked to walk the plank on a the White House care bill House moderates does n’t have a chance of passing the Senate in the first place . Dent compared it to the 1993 fight over the    BTU energy tax Dent President Bill Clinton where House Democrats supported the controversial tax only for it to die in the the White House . The vote hurt Democrats who lost control of Congress the the Senate . The concerns are mounting following the CBO analysis that showed some 24 million fewer would be insured by 2026 under the GOP bill compared to under Obamacare , and that premiums would skyrocket for some of the country ’s most vulnerable patients , including    Americans and the elderly .   CBO ’s cost estimate for American Health Care Act ( full text ) Already , a handful of Senate Republicans from Arkansas’ Tom Cotton to Kentucky ’s Rand Paul have warned that satisfying Senate Republicans and Senate moderates is an almost impossible proposition . Majority Leader Mitch Senate can only Senate to lose two GOP senators and still pass the bill . Far more than that have spoken out arguing the legislation needs satisfying Senate Republicans and Senate moderates is an almost impossible proposition . " There is not a lot of margin for satisfying Senate Republicans and Senate moderates is an almost impossible proposition this bill , " Dent warned . Conservatives pushing fellow Republicans , Meanwhile , pressure is satisfying Senate Republicans and Senate moderates is an almost impossible proposition members to get in line . Republican Rep. Tom Cole , an establishment conservative from Oklahoma who supports the House GOP bill , is cautioning colleagues who may be thinking about pulling their support for satisfying Senate Republicans and Senate moderates is an almost impossible proposition of Monday ’s CBO report . " I would not want to be Republican Rep. Tom Cole, an establishment conservative from Oklahoma who supports the House GOP bill Republican that derails the train , " Cole told CNN . " You start killing this product , it seems to me it ’s very unlikely you get another one any time soon . " Cole insisted that this product bill is not this product its final form and is expected to get a significant facelift in Cole Senate . To oppose the GOP    the bill now , Cole said , would be a mistake : " If you think it make things worse , by all means Cole against it . But do n’t go against it because it ’s not better enough . " " There is quite it bit of angst at the number it people it CBO projects would lose coverage , " Cole acknowledged . " Health care is politically hazardous to anybody ’s political health no matter which side of the Cole they ’re on .   It ’s an easy issue to demagogue . " GOP senator on health care plan : ’That ’s not what President Trump promised’ This story has been updated . 
 