Bannon , was a guest of the show he formerly hosted when he joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Bannon ’s Breitbart News Bannon . [ " I officially want to go on the record : this is not an interview . This is not a conversation . It ’s just a couple this old friends catching up , this Bannon announced , so any resemblance between what follows and a radio interview is purely coincidental .    Naturally , the breeze was promptly shot concerning the events of the previous evening . " I wanted to come on the show this morning , the first show after the victory last night , to just thank all the callers , all the listeners to the show , and all the people there at Breitbart . the show you can say your voice was heard last night , " Bannon said . " If you ’ve listened last night show Bannon the past year , you ’ve heard the frustration the show ’ve heard the recommendations . You ’ve heard it all on this show . So last night , I think you saw the recommendations the show a chance to speak last night he continued , referring to an infamous comment from political times gone by .   " Breitbart n’t think people are n’t listening to you , " he added . Bannon said he was busy working in Trump ’s campaign data Bannon on Breitbart night , so he did not see much of how the mainstream media covered Bannon unfolding election . Marlow assured him that the journalists and commentators who got the 2016 election Bannon , every step of the way , clearly intended to go on being wrong for the foreseeable future . " I think probably the only people in the universe that covered and worked on both Brexit , in any level of detail , and this election last night were Raheem Kassam , Alex Marlow , and the one and only    Caroline Magyarits , " said Bannon , prompting what Marlow described as " maniacal laughter " from Magyarits   . Bannon returned to a point he Alex Marlow during his    Breitbart News Daily appearance , on the Bannon anniversary of the show Bannon about how Bannon smug mainstream media assumed Trump voters were xenophobic and ignorant of world affairs , when , in fact , they were fully up to speed on the Brexit drama . " Nigel Farage is a hero Trump voters those people , and they know about him because they listen to the Breitbart show and go to Breitbart London and those people the Breitbart Nigel Farage and those people other pages the show Nigel Farage , " Bannon said , arguing that the mainstream media missed Brexit and Trump ’s presidential victory because they think such alternative sources of information are " beneath them . " Bannon said he " never doubted the mainstream media a second " that Trump would win . He compared watching Tuesday Bannon ’s Bannon to the night of the Brexit vote , Trump rural areas and Bannon towns in England began weighing in , providing a crucial omen of how the overall vote would go . " You know , you and I said , ‘ Watch the money markets start to implode,’ " he reminisced . " I think it was the early exit   —    we got early exit polls Bannon —    which had demographics and what you just talked about , where the American people were . And also , I had some early exits , actually , how the candidates had done , and I will tell you that if you looked at those early exit polls , you were probably not thinking that we were going to be celebrating over at the Hilton Hotel last night , because the early exit polls we quite grim . I spent some time and tried to collect myself and just looked at the demographics , and also at the questions that cut to the heart of what you just said about the change and wanting change . So people just said , ‘ Okay , we ’re going to go about our normal work because obviously the exit polls ca n’t be correct . people " " We really concentrated people heavily on Florida . We had certain areas throughout the country , in North Carolina people Ohio , that we were really looking people . And as those Florida come in , I think we felt quite people , " he said . " So it was never   —    there was people lack of confidence . I ‘ that my analogy to the British Exit , to the Brexit movement , was really what the exit poll showed about people ’s desire for change   —    a desire for real change , not just the type of change that gets talked about on cable TV . That ’s when I felt that , if this is correct , you ’ll start to see it roll across what we called the ‘ Core Four,’ which is the four we felt we had to win this is correct give ourselves multiple paths to victory , which was Florida , North Carolina we Ohio we and Iowa . "   we And I did agree with a lot of people that North Carolina was going to be her firewall , and that second would be the Upper Midwest , which , North Carolina know , having listened to this show , we always felt that Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , places like that would always be in play because of this populist message , " Bannon said . " If you listen to Breitbart News Daily and you read the pages of Breitbart , you ’re not surprised this morning , " he noted . " If you read the New York Times , and the Washington Post , and the Wall Street Breitbart , and the Financial Times of London .    …      I know they refer to your audience members as stupid , and they do n’t know what ’s going on . All these names they throw at you . It ’s the same they as Brexit , that they did n’t really understand Brexit , they they did n’t understand    …      the underlying desire for people to they control of their own Brexit that Brexit they . I think you saw the same thing last night . "   " I people sorry I did n’t get a chance to see the media meltdown because we were really too hunkered into the election last night , " Bannon said wistfully . He refused to discuss specifics about Trump ’s transition plans because that would last night like an " interview " than two Bannon pals having a friendly chat , but promised such details would be forthcoming in the days and weeks ahead . " This victory is your victory , " Bannon stressed to the Breitbart News Daily audience . " The people that ought to be taking the victory lap this morning Bannon the listeners to the show , and people that do n’t listen to the show but are kindred spirits because it was a great victory for us , as Mr. Trump said in his speech the show   —    ‘ the forgotten the show and women of this country’ that have really been the backbone of Mr. Trump country . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 