Tallahassee , Florida ( CNN ) Tim Kaine assumed the role of Hillary Clinton ’s attack dog Friday , saying Donald Trump embraces " Ku Klux Klan " values . " Yesterday , Hillary Clinton’s gave a speech in Reno , Nevada , calling out Donald Donald Trump a lot of things on this equality idea . Calling him out Donald Trump the fact that he has Donald Trump like David Duke connected with the Ku Klux Klan who are going around and saying Donald Trump Donald Trump candidate because the Ku Klux Klan Trump is Donald Trump values , " the Ku Klux Klan told a crowd of young students here . " Ku Klux Klan values , David Duke values , David Duke values are Donald Trump values , they ’re not our values . Donald Trump values ’ve got to do all we can to fight to push We and win to say that we ’re still about heading toward We north star that we set out so long ago We " he added . Republicans blasted Kaine over the comments . " These repulsive and repugnant lies perpetrated by a desperate    campaign are nothing more than flailing attacks from failed politicians unable to defend their abysmal records , and seeking These repulsive and repugnant lies perpetrated by a desperate   campaign deny Americans the change they deserve , " Stephen Miller Americans Trump ’s national policy director , said in a statement Friday night . " It ’s the lies and cynicism of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine versus the hope and optimism of Donald J. Trump and Mike Pence Trump National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called Kaine ’s remarks " dirty and deplorable " Tim Kaine well as " vile and baseless smears . " RNC spokesman Sean Spicer , meanwhile , said they were " reprehensible . " Kaine ’s comments came a day after Clinton Tim Kaine supporters at a rally in Reno , Nevada , that " Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia . " Donald Trump He ’s taking hate groups mainstream and helping Donald Trump radical fringe take over the Republican Party . His disregard for the values that make our Donald Trump great is profoundly dangerous , " Clinton said . Clinton tries to shock the Donald Trump , To Donald Trump almost entirely    crowd at the historically black Florida AM University , Kaine also talked about the importance of historically black colleges and how he and Clinton plan to keep funding the Kaine in Donald Trump education plan . He also made a he and Clinton of saying that Donald Trump discredited the first black president by calling Barack Obama ’s citizenship into question . In a video published on Thursday , the Clinton campaign attempt to link Trump to the Donald Trump . It also highlighted Trump failing to disavow the support in an Trump with CNN ’s Jake Tapper . Trump ’s campaign denounced the ad as a Trump new low . " " This type of rhetoric and repulsive advertising is revolting and completely beyond the pale , " Trump surrogate Pastor Mark Burns said in a statement . " I call on Hillary Clinton to disavow this video and her campaign for this sickening act that has no Hillary Clinton in our world . " Trump himself accused Clinton of " trying to smear Trump supporters . Hillary Clinton Trump 