’   ’ ’    Donald Trump   Monday afternoon in which   Donald Trump      called the latest documents released by the FBI on the Hillary    Clinton email investigation " proof of corruption at the highest    level . " ’ ’    " This is very big and frankly , it’ ’s unbelievable , "   Donald Trump   said .    " What was just found out is the State Department and the FBI    colluded , got together , to make Hillary   Clinton look less guilty       look lot better than she Hillary   Clinton . " ’ ’ suggest an    undersecretary of state requested that the the FBI    a    classified email to unclassified for what a bureau official    interpreted as a " quid pro quo " exchange with the State    Department . ’ " The undersecretary of state , Patrick Kennedy , asked for    assistance in changing the classification of an email that the    the FBI    classified , according to an individual whose name    was redacted in the fourth batch of notes summarizing the FBI ’s    investigation into Clinton ’s email conduct . The    investigation took the FBI’s   investigation into Clinton’s email conduct , after Clinton had left the    State Clinton . " ’    According to the documents , the FBI official then contacted the FBI’s    another person and " pressured " the individual to change the    classification of the email . ’ ’    In exchange for marking the email unclassified , the State the email was willing to " reciprocate by allowing the FBI to    place more agents in countries where they are presently    forbidden , " according to the documents . ’ ’    The deal , which was rejected , was characterized as a " quid pro    quo " by the unnamed individual relaying an account of the    conversation Kennedy had with the FBI official . ’ ’    " This is one of the big breaking stories of our time , in my    opinion , " Trump said . " This shows corruption at the highest    level , and we can’’t let it happen as American citizens . " ’ ’    " So let’ ’s see how the press covers it , because the press likes    not to cover the press " he continued . " The it thing that       Clinton has going is the media , because without the media , she    wouldn’’t even be in this race Hillary   Clinton " ’ ’    The Republican presidential nominee said the documents proved    there was " collusion " between the FBI , State Department , and    Department of Justice , and that the Democratic presidential    nominee is " guilty of very high    . " ’ "    Trump ’s campaign also called on Kennedy to resign in a statement    released Monday afternoon . " ’    " Today’ ’s release of the FBI notes on their investigation into    Clinton ’s secret email server is deeply disturbing , " senior    communications adviser Jason Miller said in a    statement . " The news that top Clinton aide Patrick Kennedy    tried to engage Clinton’s a blatant quid pro quo for changing the    classification level of several of Clinton’ ’s emails shows a    cavalier attitude towards protecting our nation’ ’s secrets .    Kennedy must resign from the State Department immediately Patrick Kennedy       Clinton must state he has no place in her administration if Patrick Kennedy       is elected President   Clinton " ’   Clinton    During the second presidential debate , and in subsequent rallies ,    Trump threatened that Clinton would " be in jail " should   Clinton be    elected in the fall ,   Clinton he promised his attorney general would    appoint   Clinton special   Clinton to look into her email controversy . ’ ’    "   Clinton ’s hope that our country gets a fair shake , " Trump said in    the Monday video . " This is    big mess . " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tCrooked Hillary colluded    and DOJ and media is covering up    protect her . It ’s a ! Our country ’t’t’tCrooked Hillary better This   " ’ our country contributed to this report . ’ 
 