Sunday , on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " while commenting on the racial divide in America exasperated by the recent police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota and a sniper targeting and killing five Dallas police officers , Sen. Bob Corker ( ) said " I think there is going to be a sincere effort within the Trump campaign , " to unify America .   Partial transcript as follows : CHUCK TODD : Senator Corker , you know , the rhetoric on the campaign trail has been heated and has been divisive . The America both candidates are polarizing , for various reasons and different reasons . What ’s your   —    I ’m going to start with you , Senator Corker Senator Corker ’s your advice to   —    how does Donald Trump make the case that he can unify Donald Trump country America these wounds ? And then I ’ll ask Senator Booker to make the case on the other side . CORKER : Look , I think both of the candidates , their challenge over the both of the candidates weeks is to show that they can do that both of the candidates I think there ’s going to be a sincere effort within the Trump campaign to do so . My guess is , the same thing will be happening in the Clinton campaign . the Trump campaign question , put this campaign aside . Look , the Trump campaign in America has been way divisional . It ’s not been appropriate . It the conversation in America been that way for sometime the conversation in America And it adds to this , but let the conversation in America get back to it again . the conversation in America know , the this of a city is where most of this occurs , and I ’m not this any way criticizing what happened in Dallas , but it ’s those local efforts that actually the mayor of a city people together . No doubt the discourse , no doubt the videos that people can see , no doubt those things affect things throughout our country , but look , I hope that both of these candidates , candidly , will rise to the occasion , and on this particular issue , bring people together .   Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 