Washington ( CNN ) Boosters of Donald Trump ’s candidate to be the next secretary of state talk about Donald Trump’s experience leading one of the world ’s largest companies     and so do Donald Trump’s detractors . Fans of ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson say running a global energy company equips the     with the management tools needed to represent the US abroad . Skeptics say a closer look at that experience raises questions about conflicts of interest and whether the nominee would put US or corporate interests first . The criticism is bipartisan , with both Republicans and Democrats voicing reservations about the Texan . Scientists , human rights activists and environmental groups also raised concerns Tuesday at the news of Tillerson ’s nomination . What ’s Scientists, human rights activists and environmental groups problem ? Scientists, human rights activists and environmental groups have a few . Here ’s a look . The swamp , Trump campaigned hard on the promise that Trump would " drain The swamp " and target " global special interests " that partner with " corrupt " Washington politicians to rob " our working class . " Yet Tillerson was recommended to the    by three former government heavyweights : former secretaries of state James Baker and Condoleezza Rice and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates . All three , after their three former government heavyweights: former secretaries of state James Baker and Condoleezza Rice and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates careers , have benefited financially from ExxonMobil contracts . Tillerson , while a Washington Washington , would also be the latest millionaire to join Trump ’s Cabinet , which already has at least seven millionaires and two billionaires . And ExxonMobil ExxonMobil critics say , is the embodiment of global corporate power , a private empire with its global corporate power foreign policy . " People did not vote on November 8 to . .. have the international corporate establishment be the face of America ’s workers and interests around the world , " said Stephanie Taylor ,    of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee . The Trump transition team did not respond to a request for comment . Russia , This will likely be the biggest hurdle to clear in confirmation hearings . Tillerson has spearheaded ExxonMobil partnerships with a Russian energy company with ties to President Vladimir Putin , who has given him Russia Russia honor for a   . That connection has fueled concerns particularly because of Russia ’s Russia hacking of the elections and Trump ’s conciliatory stance toward Moscow , which many lawmakers see as a geopolitical threat . They point many lawmakers Russian support for the Syrian regime , its 2014 Russian of Crimea , its destabilizing Russian in eastern Ukraine and aggressive moves against NATO allies . Trump has rejected the intelligence community assessment that Russia was behind the hacks and has appointed a national security adviser who , at one point , was paid for appearances on a    Russian TV network . That makes Tillerson ’s closeness to Putin additionally worrying for Russia critics Russia Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said on Twitter Sunday that " being a ’friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a # SecretaryofState . " Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa tweeted Tuesday that " both Trump and Tillerson need to know that Putin is Machiavellian . " Democrats share the concern Putin is Machiavellian ’s status as " a pal of Russia ’s authoritarian leader " sends a very troubling message to the international community , said Democratic presidential primary challenger and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders . New Jersey Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez went a step farther , charging that Tillerson ’s appointment Tillerson’s that " Dictator Vladimir Putin has a willing accomplice in the Presidential Cabinet guiding our nation ’s foreign policy . " To be sure . .. ExxonMobil has worked with the State Department on international projects and several career diplomats said the CEO ’s wealth of international experience could be a welcome change in US diplomacy . Others pointed out that some of Tillerson ’s positions might balance out Trump opinions that are n’t popular at State . ExxonMobil has begun to ExxonMobil the Paris climate agreement and some diplomats said Tillerson ’s support might Tillerson , who is a skeptic . Tillerson has also spoken about Tillerson possibility of doing business with Iran , which would support the nuclear deal with Tehran . But there are other grounds for concern , Tillerson ’s critics say . Tillerson Lawmakers are wary of Tillerson ’s opposition to sanctions against Tillerson imposed for its annexation of Crimea . In regulatory Russia , ExxonMobil said it stood to lose up to $ ExxonMobil billion because of sanctions on Russia . And it would likely gain Russia those sanctions ExxonMobil lifted .   Sanctions sanctions on Russia that break international norms or threaten others , and advocates say that failing to impose them allows countries to break international rules without advocates . " It troubles me gravely that Mr. Tillerson would have reason to advocate for the rolling back of sanctions because that would be the best interests of his company , " said Delaware Democratic Senator Mr. Tillerson Coons . " It is my hope that he is enough of a patriot to be Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons to separate his    affiliation with this major oil company Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons the genuine interest of the American people . " Human rights , ExxonMobil has a stated policy of promoting human rights , but under Tillerson it has nevertheless worked in close partnership with repressive regimes , critics say . RELATED : Tillerson could face uphill battle on Capitol Hill Tillerson Promoting human rights has been a pillar of US foreign policy , as     beyond any moral imperative     repression often leads to rebellion , which can destabilize countries , regions and trade . While US administrations can have no choice but to deal with repressive regimes , they usually emphasize the need to honor human US administrations in private diplomatic exchanges , if not publicly . " Tillerson oversaw lucrative business operations in partnership with abusive and corrupt    governments such as Equitorial Guinea and Angola , " said Sarah Margon , Washington director for Human Rights Watch . Under Tillerson , the company has opposed US laws requiring stronger Tillerson standards and greater financial transparency in such countries , HRW said .   Exxon Mobile spokesman Alan Jeffers said the company ’s human rights policy is consistent with Exxon Mobile and adds that " we are a longstanding , leading supporter of transparency initiatives Exxon Mobile " Climate change , And then there ’s ExxonMobil ’s track record on climate change . While the company has come out in support of the Paris Exxon Mobile , environmental groups have charged that the corporation for decades covered up knowledge of the link between fossil fuels and climate change , funded climate denial and caused    catastrophes like the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska in 1989 . The US military considers climate change an element of national security because it can intensify security challenges . As secretary of state , The US military would represent the US in international climate talks , such as the 2015 Paris agreement signed by 200 nations . RELATED : Tillerson nomination puts ExxonMobil ’s gay rights record in the spotlight Tillerson Tillerson has " disparaged and downplayed the science on climate change Tillerson and his company is even currently under investigation for defrauding the public Tillerson shareholders for decades about the dangers of climate change caused by fossil fuels , " said Ken Kimmel , president of the Union of Concerned Scientists .   Jeffers denied the charges , saying that environmental groups had consistently and deliberately mischaracterized the company ’s track record . " It ’s part of his company groups have been running for years to misrepresent our position on climate environmental groups " Jeffers said . " The risk of climate change is real . " Jeffers resume on diplomacy , Concern about Tillerson ’s views on sanctions , human rights and climate change feed into broader questions about whether his lifetime career at Exxon Mobil and the corporate focus on profit are the Tillerson preparation for being the top US diplomat . " The fact is , the art of diplomacy entails much more than the ability to strike a good deal , " said Menendez . " Striking New Jersey Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez business deal where profits are the only end goal is fundamentally different than being tasked with forging lasting peace accords across the the world protecting America America national security and interests , and defining our response and role to an international crisis . " Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy , a Democrat , said it was a question of priorities Murphy Tillerson is a successful businessman and a very smart person , " Murphy said , " but he has proven , many times , his willingness to put oil profits before national interests and handing him the keys Rex Tillerson US foreign policy is a recipe Rex Tillerson disaster . " 
 Rex Tillerson 