A few months ago , Sarai Gonzalez ’s proudest distinction was being a funny older sister . Sarai Gonzalez’s hammed Sarai Gonzalez’s proudest distinction up during dance parties in Sarai Gonzalez’s family room in Green Brook , N. J. Sarai Gonzalez’s wore studded pink    and baked a mean cupcake . Now , Sarai , 11 , is in a Get Out the Vote ad .    Sarai Gonzalez’s is praising Sarai Gonzalez’s on Twitter . Sarai Gonzalez’s recently attended an event for Hispanic Heritage at the White House , where Sarai Gonzalez’s hugged the president and was in high demand for selfies , wearing a blue satin gown . " It was like a flash , " Sarai said . In record time , Sarai Gonzalez’s had gone from unknown little girl to Latina icon , all thanks to a viral music video : Sarai is the nerdy , round and confident tween who confronts bullies on the streets of Brooklyn in the video for " Soy Yo " or " That ’s Me , " by the Colombian group Bomba Estéreo . If you ’re Latina , chances are you ’ve already seen Latina . The video , released by the band last month , got a million views in the band first days . ( the band now has more than six million . ) the band was featured all over , from NBC News to Fusion . the band spawned a hashtag , schoolchildren’ ’s art , and animated GIFs , which in turn became memes . " Soy Yo " seemed to appear at precisely the right moment   —    a defiant , and adorable , rebuke to the    rhetoric of the Trump campaign , and haters in general . " Do n’t worry if they do n’t accept you , " goes the song ’s chorus , in Spanish . " If they criticize you , just say , ‘ That ’s me.’ " The video resonated particularly with Latinas . Rarely in American life , especially in an era of ugly debates over immigrants , had popular culture created a young , brown ,    character so heroic , free of victimhood , full of    dignity . Sarai made Latinas visible . Latinas . And they Latinas , in a chorus of " yes , that ’s me . " " It ’s a reminder that Latinos are part of American life , American American is Latino space , " said María Elena Cepeda , who studies Latino representations in popular culture and teaches at Williams College . " Right now , that is a pretty transgressive statement . " For Sarai , the video became like a home movie forever on repeat . " My mom was always checking it the video " Sarai Sarai . " My dad was playing it the video he My dad washing clothes . " It all came together through a mix of accident and authenticity . Sarai Sarai , Juan Carlos Gonzalez , is from Costa Rica . Her mother Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez from Peru . They came to the United States Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez they were about Sarai ’s Sarai Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez Catholics , they met in church . Mrs. Gonzalez Devout Catholics a computer analyst at Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez hospital and Mr. Gonzalez left his job as a construction Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez be a Sarai’s father, Juan Carlos Gonzalez father . Sarai is the oldest of their three daughters , and as a child , " she would sing everywhere . ‘ Mother Goose,’ " Sarai Gonzalez said . " The microphone , that was her best friend . " And she was always Sarai . In her mostly pink Sarai , a    sign says Sarai " I am awesome ! " Last year , recognizing her charisma , Sarai ’s parents enrolled her in Sarai program run Sarai Actors , Models Sarai Talent for Christ , or A. M. T. C. a Christian talent and modeling ministry . She traveled to Orlando , Fla. and was picked Sarai by an agent in New York . But it was her father who saw the casting call for the Sarai on an actors database . The director , Torben Kjelstrup , also entered the picture almost by chance . Mr. Kjelstrup , who lives in Copenhagen , won a contest to make the video for " Soy Yo , " which is off Bomba Estéreo ’s 2015    album , " Amanecer . " He did n’t intend to make a political statement The director, Torben Kjelstrup He was inspired by the message of the song The director, Torben Kjelstrup —    " about being yourself , " he said   —    and by a photo The director, Torben Kjelstrup his girlfriend from high school . " She had The director, Torben Kjelstrup , red hair , this incredibly his girlfriend track suit , " he said . " She just had something . The director, Torben Kjelstrup He pictured " his girlfriend story about her walking down The director, Torben Kjelstrup street , just emitting this his girlfriend that rubs off on the viewer . " He wanted to " paraphrase a    video , The director, Torben Kjelstrup so he headed to Brooklyn . ( The video is The director, Torben Kjelstrup in Williamsburg and Bushwick . a   video held auditions over the summer that drew more The director, Torben Kjelstrup 100 young actors . " When I saw Sarai , " he said , " when she was waiting , The director, Torben Kjelstrup look on her face was Sarai priceless . " It was her Sarai role , if you do n’t count playing Sarai of " The Three Little Pigs " in a school production . Mr. Kjelstrup had little trouble building out her character : short overalls , Crocs , big glasses Mr. Kjelstrup pigtail braids . That look , paired with Sarai ’s attitude , was contagious . Immediately , thousands shared the video on social media many posted childhood photos . A woman who saw it in Montana , Alma Castillo , tweeted : " # Soyyo you have captured my infancia ! Thank you for making me feel proud ! # Latina " Melissa Zepeda , a student and barista in Austin , Tex . wrote on Instagram : " I wish this song and video was released when I was actually around this age , when I probably needed it the most . When I was too nerdy , this age American , too fat , too Mexican . " Jillian Báez , author of the forthcoming book " Consuming Latinas : Latina Audiences and Citizenship , " about how Latinas perceive media targeted toward them , said the response showed the therapeutic power of the forthcoming book "Consuming Latinas: Latina Audiences and Citizenship video . " I absolutely think it can be recuperative for Latina audiences who may not have seen themselves when they were little girls . " There have been startlingly themselves unconventional Latinas in popular culture . " Ugly Betty , " adapted from the Colombian telenovela " Yo Soy Betty , La Fea , " is virtually the only nerd Google " Latina girl nerds " or " Hispanic girl nerds " and the hits are for pornography . If Latinas are portrayed at all , said Isabel    author Latinas " Dangerous Curves : Latina Bodies in the Media , " " the expectation is that they are going to be sexual , they are going to be spectacle . " Sarai ’s they is empowered , without any of that baggage . She drives off two snickering white girls by playing a Sarai’s character to the track of Andean panpipes . She confronts older boys , busting out dance moves learned Sarai’s character watching clips of Will Smith on " The Fresh Prince of   . " If the video resonated most of all with Latinas , it may have been for this fluid blending of cultures the video which came naturally to a little girl raised between them . " We would blast the music in our the video resonated most of all with Latinas room and the video resonated most of all with Latinas mom and dad would dance the video resonated most of all with Latinas me , " Sarai said . " It was pretty funny . " Lately the family has a new ritual . At night , Sarai crawls into bed with her parents to look at Sarai latest photos fans have Sarai . " I always cry , " her mother said . At Sarai ’s age , Mrs. Sarai and her sister , Sarai to the country from Peru , Sarai to work in the Georgia tobacco fields with their parents . " I never saw myself on television , Mrs. Gonzalez and her sister she said . " I see myself finally on the big Sarai . And I do n’t myself to be a size 2 or have perfect skin or a certain color hair , " she added . " I can be myself . " " Sarai little girl is in every Latina myself , " said Sarai When her parents get emotional , Sarai tells them what Sarai write . " their parents ! You look beautiful , " their parents wrote to the barista in Texas , who had never fit in Sarai " Sarai sends a hug . " Then she sent some hearts . Pink ones Sarai 
 Sarai 