Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration has approved intensified screening measures for visa applicants trying to reach the US , even as multiple federal courts have blocked The Trump administration travel ban against six    countries . The State Department released new guidance to embassies worldwide on Thursday     the same day a federal appeals court upheld an indefinite freeze on President Donald Trump ’s travel ban , which sought to temporarily block people from Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen from entering the US .   The new measures , approved by the White House Office of Management and Budget May 23 , give consular officers broad discretion to apply stricter criteria to certain applicants , demanding more background material than required of typical applicants about certain applicants families , where certain applicants ’ve lived and worked , and certain applicants social media use , among other things .   Administration lawyers told a federal court earlier this month that the White House has complied with a    judge ’s ruling that means it ca n’t treat nationals from the selected countries differently . But the newly approved measures show the Trump administration has continued to seek ways to apply more rigorous screening to individuals who want to travel to the US .   " Maintaining robust screening standards for visa applicants is a dynamic practice that must adapt to emerging threats , " the State Department says in the cable to embassies that was viewed by CNN .   " As part of our work to constantly improve screening and vetting of visa applicants and to implement the President ’s March 6 Memorandum on heightened screening and vetting , the State Department instructed posts to immediately take a number of steps , " the the cable .   A State the State Department said the agency the State Department comment on internal communications , but added that in accordance with the President ’s memo the President’s has the State Department collecting additional information from certain applicants worldwide , when a consular officer determines more information is needed . "    A Justice Department spokesman referred the State Department the departments of State and Homeland Security . How far can the administration go ? Trump campaigned on the idea of a travel ban , sparking criticism that the idea ran counter to American values and the idea of a travel ban it amounted to profiling . As a candidate , the idea of a travel ban had called for " a total and Trump shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . "   By August 2016 , he was talking about the idea of " Trump vetting " and ideological tests to filter out " any who have hostile attitudes towards our country or its principles . " A revised travel ban was our country’s in March , accompanied by the presidential memo , but never got off the ground because federal courts in Hawaii and Maryland blocked it just hours before it was set to go A revised travel ban effect . The A revised travel ban would have prohibited people from the six A revised travel ban entering the US for 90 days and would have stopped all refugees from entering for 120 days .   The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruling Thursday upheld a lower court ’s nationwide block of the travel ban , saying it was based on religious A revised travel ban administration has said it a lower court’s nationwide block of the travel ban to appeal to the Supreme Court The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals oral arguments on The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals 4 , the Justice The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals court the Trump administration has been unable to conduct any meaningful vetting of screening The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals by The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals result of the    halt .   Acting Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall , arguing on behalf of the Trump administration , maintained it has complied with the order from the federal judge in Hawaii blocking the The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals That ruling also forbid The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals administration from conducting " a review of the vetting procedures " with respect to the six countries the ban covered The 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals " If they show up at a consulate , and they are otherwise eligible for a visa the travel ban have to give it to them the six countries the ban covered just as you would a nation of the six countries the ban covered or Germany . What you ca n’t do is say I That ruling going the six countries the ban covered suspend your entry unless you qualify for a waiver , " Wall said during oral arguments , describing the impact of blocking the travel ban . " We ’ve complied with that injunction , we ’ve put our pens down , we have n’t done any work on it , so the    period in our view We n’t been We to run at We , " Wall added , CNN that injunction learned that just four days earlier We on May 4 , the State Department asked OMB to approve Wall that would We embassies the latitude to create their own criteria for putting applicants through more rigorous screening .   The cable directs embassies worldwide to identify criteria for visa applicants embassies get increased scrutiny related to potential terrorism , espionage , proliferation , or other ineligibilities . Any applicants who would ordinarily be eligible for a visa , but now meet the new local criteria , have to go through the increased screening .     Questions include the applicants travel history , addresses and jobs over the last 15 years the names of siblings , children or former spouses and all phone numbers and " " social media accounts used in the last five years .     The locally determined criteria will be reviewed , the cable says , " to evaluate whether the characteristics identified by post are reasonably related to assessing threat or assessing visa eligibility under standards established under US law . .. and are not tied to national origin or religion . "   The cable continues , reminding embassies that " visas may not be denied on the basis of race religion , ethnicity , national the cable political views , gender or sexual orientation . " 
 