Talk radio host Mark Levin argued GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is campaigning against fellow candidate Ted Cruz in a manner that is " " and " Nixonian " on Wednesday .   Talk radio host Mark Levin said , " Here ’s my concern , if Talk radio host Mark Levin [ Trump ] becomes the nominee , a lot of people , who otherwise would unite under that tent may not . Because when you run a campaign of personal attacks , an    campaign , wittingly or unwittingly , you turn people off . " Talk radio host Mark Levin added that while Trump ’s poll numbers might be high , Talk radio host Mark Levin ’s not at 51 % and has n’t " won anything yet . " Talk radio host Mark Levin continued that if Talk radio host Mark Levin was polling where Trump is Talk radio host Mark Levin would n’t " keep going down , trying to beat the opponent into the ground and destroy he was polling where Trump is character , and do all these other things , like liberals do . " Levin also turned to Trump saying that Washington ’s problem is that " they do n’t make deals , it ’s all gridlock , " Levin countered that " Washington makes a lot of deals . " The problem is those deals are bad . Levin then wondered who Trump planned on making those deals with . After playing the rest of the interview , where Trump criticizes Cruz , Levin further accused Trump of engaging in " dirty , lowdown politics . " And asked , " Is that Reaganesque , or more Nixonesque ? Is that more Nixon or Reagan ? " Later in the segment , Levin said of Trump remarks about Cruz ’s Cruz and eligibility , " Nixonian ? Yeah . Nixonian vs. Reagan . Reagan with Reagan 11th Reagan . Nixonian , Nixonian ’ll do whatever we have we do . Pretty much , say what needs to be said . " He concluded Nixonian segment the segment " So , here ’s Ted Cruz , one of the leading conservatives in the country . Here ’s Ted Cruz , Cruz’s ago , was considered a solid conservative constitutionalist . And in 30 days time , you and I are supposed to believe the opposite . The opposite , that he ’s a maniac Nixonian that he ’s a criminal Nixonian that he ’s Canadian , Nixonian he tried to hide Nixonian loans . Nixon Nixonian " Levin also challenged Trump to sue Cruz on his eligibility and let Levin decide what they think about such people lawsuit . He also argued Trump Levin running " Trump tracks " by claiming that he ’s both an Levin , and someone who can make deals and work with the establishment . Earlier , Levin stated , " Levin was just on Trump . You know Levin I have to say , I think Donald Trump on Fox Trump Have you noticed that ? I do n’t know why the other candidates do n’t complain about , you know , we want fairness . Fair and balanced . the other candidates He then turned to Levin ’s position on ethanol , which he Trump is Levin with the " very spurious argument Trump that ethanol is needed to keep OPEC from getting strong . Levin argued that fracking , not ethanol , is weakening OPEC because fracking drives down the cost of fuel OPEC while ethanol increases it . Levin added , " I ’m very troubled by Levin . Because I have to believe he understands it , yet he wants you folks Levin believe this we ought Levin fight OPEC and this is one of the ways to OPEC OPEC . " He further stated that the money OPEC goes into Levin due to ethanol is " crony capitalism . Just say , ‘ I support crony capitalism in this instance.’ That ’s all . " Levin then turned to Trump ’s criticisms of Cruz for his loan from Goldman Sachs . Levin said Cruz Levin n’t hide his loan , Levin he Cruz it on one his loan from Goldman Sachs of another Levin " That his loan from Goldman Sachs hiding something in public view . " Levin further argued that Cruz did n’t get anything Levin of the loan Cruz from the loan itself , something most his loan from Goldman Sachs . Later on his loan from Goldman Sachs that if there is evidence of criminality Levin regards to the loans , they ought to present it . He further called Trump ’s accusation that the loans sought Levin conceal his loans " a    Cruz . " And Levin , " Stop lying about it . But he wo n’t . " Levin also said , Levin He [ Cruz ] was n’t laundering money through the Clinton Cruz , Levin which Trump gave $ 100 , 000 . " Levin also stated that Trump Trump the TARP bailout while Cruz did n’t Levin and Trump ’s Trump that Cruz would n’t be tough on banks because he Trump out a loan does n’t make any sense considering that almost Levin uses banks , and owns a car , but does n’t support bailing them out . (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett banks 