  ( CNN ) The unceremonious removal of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as chairman of     Donald Trump ’s transition team wo n’t be the last power play by    Donald Trump ’s     Kushner . Kushner is far less well known than his wife , Ivanka Trump , but is clearly a force to be reckoned with , wielding tremendous influence Kushner the scenes .   It ’s widely assumed in political circles that the sacking of Christie was at least partly an act of personal payback by Kushner . Back in 2004 ,   . S. Attorney Christie convicted Kushner ’s father , Charles Kushner , Kushner a variety of charges including tax evasion Christie and Christie illegal campaign contributions .   The elder Kushner got the maximum sentence of two years in prison , in part because Christie wrote a tough memo Kushner’s actions " fiendish . " Jared Kushner regularly visited his father during the Christie he served behind Kushner     and years Kushner’s reportedly helped kill Christie ’s chances Kushner’s Trump ’s    Kushner’s mate . With no Kushner’s lost between the men , it looks Christie Kushner came out on top again , showing a flair for the    political infighting that is a staple of life in the jungle warfare Kushner’s Washington . It ’s not clear what formal role Kushner will play after Inauguration Day . During Trump ’s first    visit to the White House , cameras caught Kushner walking and talking with Kushner’s Obama ’s chief of staff , Denis McDonough , setting off rumors that Kushner might occupy the same position Kushner’s the Trump White House . That did n’t happen : Trump tapped Reince Priebus for the chief of Kushner’s position .   Despite his family connection     in fact , because of it     there Trump a good chance federal law will prohibit Kushner from holding any government Trump .   According to Title 5 Section 3110 of the US Code , " a public official may not Kushner’s , employ , promote , advance , or advocate for appointment , employment , promotion , or advancement . .. any individual who is a relative of the public official . " The definition of family in the same law includes     which appears to make Kushner ineligible for an official job . But there ’s no law against a president turning to a trusted friend or family member for advice Kushner’s to convey sensitive messages to political allies .    Kushner , who owns the Observer newspaper , may also be planning to build a    media empire , reportedly talking with industry experts about what it would take to set up " Trump TV " or a similar platform .   While many assumed Trump TV would only get launched if the candidate lost , it ’s entirely possible Kushner will end up moving forward anyway . As Christie , among others , has discovered the hard way , it the candidate lost a mistake to ignore or underestimate one of the youngest and savviest political players on Team Trump . 
 the candidate lost 