Retired Secret Service officer Gary Byrne ’s explosive    on Hillary Rodham Clinton and former President Bill Clinton from Retired Secret Service officer Gary Byrne’s days inside the White House has topped the New York Times bestseller list for the end of June , despite a    media blackout . [ " I am very grateful to the tens of thousands of Americans who have bought my book and listened to my message , " Gary Byrne’s said in a statement obtained exclusively by Breitbart News ahead of exclusively by Breitbart News public release . " But I would welcome the opportunity to reach a larger audience .   Today I urge the mainstream media networks who so far have declined to give a voice to my message and the serious allegations I have raised to reconsider both positions , both in the interest of fairness and out of a sense of obligation to the American public . "   Byrne ’s    book , Crisis of Character , has also been the number one nonfiction book on Amazon for about a month as well . In addition , sources say , Byrne book was the book, Crisis of Character week . In it , Byrne —   who stood guard outside Bill Clinton ’s oval office for three years in the 1990s —   exposes , among other things ,     details on how Hillary Clinton , then the First Lady , regularly lost control of herself engaging in rage fits laden with expletives Hillary Clinton shouted at Secret Service officers . Because Hillary Clinton the fact that Byrne —   despite a glowing history ringing with praise from even Bill Clinton ’s appointees and his senior staff —   exposes so much Bill Clinton’s the Clintons , the mainstream media has blacked him out . But coverage from new media Bill Clinton’s The Drudge Report and Breitbart News among others has skyrocketed Byrne ’s book to the top of sales Byrne America . Donald Trump , the presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee , has also hyped the book as proof that Hillary Clinton — Byrne’s book her husband —   does not have the temperament Hillary Clinton be president of the United States . What ’s worse is despite the intense popularity and interest from Americans —   as evidenced by the fact the book is selling at the top of almost Byrne’s book amid an intense election year —   the entire mainstream media and all the major networks have barred their reporters and anchors from covering the book because Hillary the entire mainstream media and all the major networks does n’t like what Gary Byrne’s book .   The Drudge Report , in a recent rare and high profile exclusive , reported that " Hillary ’s campaign has won assurances that he will not be Hillary Clinton to spread ‘ lies’ on any Hillary Clinton the nation ’s broadcast networks . " One Hillary Clinton campaign official , according to The Drudge Report exclusive Hillary Clinton warned a television network producer that The Drudge Report is " trash for cash . " Byrne ’s Gary Byrne , in the press release announcing The New York Gary Byrne number one bestseller position , despite the media blackout , which was provided to Breitbart News ahead of its public release , detailed how the book reached the top of the prestigious Breitbart News for the week of June Byrne’s book " In CRISIS OF CHARACTER , Byrne , an Air Force veteran with a nearly    federal law enforcement career , gives a    eyewitness account of the scandal and turmoil that characterized the first Clinton White House , embroiled the nation in a historic impeachment crisis , and which he believes will    if the Clintons return to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , " the Clinton reads . " Byrne ’s book takes direct aim at the ‘ dangerous’ temperament of presumptive Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton . " The release also notes that every mainstream media outlet in America has ignored or " the release the book .   " The author has bemoaned that the book , despite its direct Byrne’s book the 2016 campaign , has been shunned by every Byrne’s book outlet , " The author release reads . " News outlets across the board including ABC , CBS , NBC the release have so far declined to welcome the author onto their programs for a chance to share his views . " 
 The author The author NBC and CNN 