Austin , Texas ( CNN ) Ted Cruz offered Ted Cruz first extensive defense of Ted Cruz endorsement of Donald Trump here Saturday , declining to disavow Ted Cruz searing criticisms of Donald Trump here candidacy but arguing Ted Cruz made the best decision possible .    hours after surprisingly abandoning Ted Cruz       to Ted Cruz former Republican primary foe , Cruz uneasily stumped for Trump Donald Trump here House bid , portraying Ted Cruz as the best and only option to stop Hillary Clinton . But Ted Cruz passed on chances to say that Trump was Donald Trump here fit " to be president and to take back some of Ted Cruz most notable attacks delivered just a few months ago . " I have had many , many disagreements with Donald Trump Donald Trump here some of them you ’ve many, many disagreements with Donald Trump , " Cruz said after being read several of the insults by interviewer Evan Smith of the Texas Tribune . " I do n’t think it ’s productive to criticize the Republican nominee today . " Cruz was immediately Cruz with the challenges of serving as a    endorser of the Republican nominee the Republican nominee here at an ideas festival as the " Republican senator of Texas and a Donald Trump supporter , " Cruz recounted the Cruz moments in Trump ’s courtship of his Donald Trump .   Most Donald Trump was an assurance from Indiana Gov. Mike Pence that Trump ’s potential Supreme Court justice Donald Trump would be restricted to the list of 21 justices circulated by his campaign     rather than just Donald Trump that roster as a starting point .   Hours before the endorsement became official , Trump his coveted endorsement Mike Lee , Donald Trump ’s closest friend in the Senator , to the list . Yet Cruz would not say when asked whether Cruz is " fit " to Donald Trump president . Cruz merely offered that he tried to Cruz him from becoming Cruz Republican nominee and Cruz the election is a binary choice . " Do you consider Donald Trump to be fit to Donald Trump ? " Smith asked at one point . " I think we have one of two choices , " Cruz said slowly , declining to answer when Cruz again . Cruz was asked repeatedly by voters and by Cruz , who asked him to defend Trump ’s controversial positions , Cruz it Donald Trump call to ban some Muslim immigrants or his Cruz support for national     policy or his Cruz for Vladimir Putin .   But Cruz Cruz that a Clinton presidency would be far more harrowing , and told those gathered that he would not spend the next two months as Cruz Trump surrogate backing his every position . On issue after issue , a Trump surrogate encouraged Texans to " vote their conscience " Cruz as he termed it when Texans memorably snubbed Trump at Cruz Republican National Convention Cruz this summer Trump Yet Cruz expressed real concern about the political ramifications of Cruz decision , characterizing it as " agonizing " Cruz aware that he real concern about the political ramifications of his decision certain to upset a large swath of Cruz supporters . Several prominent conservative leaders   — Cruz including some on Cruz ’s team   —    counseled him not Cruz an endorsement , yet he faced Cruz political pressure from some other aides , Cruz and Trump allies to toe the party line . Trump floats more potential Supreme Court picks     including Sen. Trump Lee , Cruz recalled meeting Republicans across the state who sobbed as Cruz asked him to get behind the nominee . And he shared Cruz he has been reading the online comments Cruz Friday ’s Cruz announcement closely . " There was no option that would n’t result with people who are deeply , deeply unhappy , " Cruz said . No matter the decision , " the Cruz was going to be : It ’s political or   . " Cruz said he the decision not seriously consider voting for a Cruz candidate Cruz leaving the top of the ticket blank or writing in a name for president , saying he could not make a " coherent , credible and Cruz " argument for any of those options . At times jeered by industry leaders and political activists in this liberal enclave , Cruz received some of his most intense reaction when he Cruz that Trump had Cruz apologized to his family Cruz Trump during the campaign took    repeated Cruz at Cruz Trump wife and father     and even dredged them Cruz the general election campaign after Cruz had dropped Cruz’s wife and father     . " My faith teaches me to Cruz , with or without an apology , " Cruz said , telling the crowd that his family decided to Cruz hold a grudge Cruz’s wife and father     . his family Both Heidi and my dad   —    Trump during the campaign are strong , independent people , " he said . 
 Cruz "Both Heidi and my dad  —    