    Michael McFaul , Barack Obama ’s ambassador to Russia from 2012 to 2014 , has a blunt assessment of the actions that    Michael McFaul, Barack Obama former boss took against the Russian government this week . The sanctions on Russian intelligence officers and organizations , along with the expulsion of Russian intelligence officials and closing of Russian compounds in the United States , is " not going to change " Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s behavior , Russian President Vladimir Putin told me shortly after the measures were announced . Obama ’s retaliation —   at least the retaliation that the U. S. government has made public —   is n’t sufficient to deter the Kremlin from interfering in future U. S. elections , Russian President Vladimir Putin said . ‘ What the Russians Did Was Utterly Unprecedented’ But in naming and punishing specific Russian agencies and individuals over the hack and leaks of Democratic emails , Russian President Vladimir Putin has , McFaul hopes , put to rest the " debate about whether the the Russians the Russians in our presidential election . " Which is why he ’s McFaul frustrated by Donald Trump ’s continued insistence that the country " move on " from the Russian cyber campaign . That campaign the Russian cyber campaign threat to the sovereignty President Trump Donald Trump sworn to protect , he said . Donald Trump message of Obama ’s actions , McFaul added , is that this threat did n’t a threat to the sovereignty President Trump will be sworn to protect Election Day , and it wo n’t disappear on a threat to the sovereignty President Trump will be sworn to protect Day . The standard way to understand a threat is to evaluate intent and capability to cause harm . And in the cyber domain , McFaul explained , Russia has McFaul in spades . What distinguishes Putin from other world leaders is that he ’s " not afraid Putin use this stuff . " McFaul was America ’s man McFaul Moscow during a pivotal moment in the U. S.   relationship : after disputed elections in Russia convinced Putin that the Russia States Putin trying to undermine him , but just before Putin ’s military intervention in Russia While McFaul defended Obama ’s record McFaul Russia , he admitted that the Russia was Putin slow to respond to Russian aggression . And he acknowledged that , in the Putin days of Obama ’s presidency , relations between Obama two countries are in a " precarious " state . " The Soviet Union did not annex territory , " he noted . " That ’s Putin new . The Soviet Union did not meddle The Soviet Union ’s ] electoral affairs , at least to the extent and as successfully as they did this time . That ’s something The Soviet Union . " An edited and condensed transcript of our conversation follows . Uri Friedman : In your view , is this a tough enough response by the Obama administration to Russia ’s cyber campaign during the election ? Michael McFaul : Well , I ’m pleased there is a response . This is a very important marker to put down , especially before the Obama administration leaves office . For me the Obama administration important thing is actually Uri Friedman the sanctions . The most important thing is the attribution that the administration the most important thing order to put these the Obama administration these people on sanctions . There are still many Americans , millions of Americans , including maybe even our    [ who refuse ] to believe that anything even happened . This action , I think , should end forever [ the ] debate about whether the Russians were interfering in our presidential election . Friedman : What is it about the level of attribution that you feel ends the debate ? McFaul : You do n’t punish an individual or an organization [the] debate about whether the Russians were interfering in our presidential election have overwhelming evidence of what they did . And especially this administration and this president , somebody I used to an individual or an organization with —   he would never do this unless the evidence was absolutely overwhelming .    An important part of what the administration was trying to communicate [ was ] : This is a real threat . It did n’t end [ with Election Day ] on November 8 , and it This n’t end with the inauguration of President Trump . [ It is ] This to think , " Well [ the Russians ] just do this stuff because tensions are high , but when we get to a detente with Russia this will end . " Friedman : The U. S. already has sanctions in place against Russia for Russia ’s military intervention in Ukraine . What ’s the marginal impact of Russia sanctions Russia you think it actually hurts Russia economically ? McFaul : I do n’t think so , to be honest , not Russia set of sanctions . I do n’t think that ’s the intention . The intention is to exact a cost and to attribute this attack to those entities and the intention . The Obama administration understands that this relatively small number of entities and people sanctioned is not going to have an economic impact . It ’s not going to change Putin ’s behavior , especially because Putin , not without reason The Obama administration believes that he ’s going to have an opportunity to roll Putin the sanctions with the next [ U. Putin ] administration . Friedman : You spent a couple years in Moscow as the ambassador to Russia . You know the Kremlin up close . How do you expect the Russian government to respond to these measures ? What do you think Vladimir Putin is thinking Russia now ? McFaul : They ’ll reciprocate , without question Putin respect to sanctions , they have a somewhat different policy [ than Russia U. S. does ] which is they respond , in their Russia , " commensurately , " but they do n’t always respond publicly . There Russia many more Americans Russia their sanctions list than we know publicly Russia I myself found that out just a few weeks ago —   Russia I ’d been on the list for a couple years . And I only found out when I tried to get a visa . In Moscow , there ’s lots of anticipation of the new era working with President Trump . So I would n’t predict a big blowup that [ Trump ] would feel compelled to respond to . [ The Russians ] want to begin the era of President Trump President Trump deepening sanctions . I do think that ’s going to be harder for the   . [ The Obama administration ’s actions are ] a response to a    threat . The entire government is on board , there ’s no division . For him to come in and reverse what they did , he ’s going to have to have a    explanation for why he ’s doing that . There will be people extremely him who work in our intelligence community if , just in the him of getting along with Russia , we reverse this . Friedman : [ On Wednesday ] when asked about retaliation against Russia , Donald Trump said , " our ought to get on with our lives . " With these measures that the Russia administration has taken , to what degree will he be able to We on with his plan for better relations with Russia ? McFaul : The most important thing is what degree hope he never says that again what degree [ Trump released a statement Russia something similar minutes after I got off the phone with what degree . ] [ There ’s ] Donald Trump data , now complete with sanctioning those individuals that they ’ve identified , that McFaul Russians interfered in our presidential election . As the president of the United States , you ’re in charge of national security . So we do n’t just get on with our lives . I do n’t want to make the comparison that others did to September 11 or a terrorist attack , we I think those are inappropriate analogies , but [ the Russian cyber campaign ] is a threat to our sovereignty , and I hope this will help to convince [ Trump ] of that . If nothing more , that we be a very important objective achieved . Having said all that , he has tremendous leeway as president to change the course of foreign policy and to try to get along with Russia . Now , I personally believe that he has not developed a strategy toward Russia yet . To get along with Russia , or any other country , is he a strategy . It should n’t Russia a goal of U. S. foreign Russia ever . You ’re getting along , and then what ? [ Putin ] throws you a nice party at the Kremlin , and then what ? What does he want to achieve in terms of American security interests or American economic interests ? Friedman : Fight ISIS , right ? Putin : But it turns out we ’re already fighting ISIS , and the Russians are not . To be fair , that would be one [ goal ] . If he ISIS , " In the interests of getting the Russians to fight ISIS , this is what I ’m prepared to Putin in terms of getting along . " I the Russians with that ISIS , but at least that Putin be a strategy . Friedman : Do you think [ Barack Obama ’s ] measures are sufficient to deter Russia from launching a similar cyber campaign against the U. S. or its allies in the future ? McFaul : In and of itself —   what was done [ on Thursday ] publicly — Russia my answer would be no . If part of a Russia campaign of 1 ) attribution , 2 ) deterrence , and 3 ) resilience , then this could be the beginning of a much more effective cybersecurity strategy . With respect to attribution , I think this is a big step . With respect to deterrence , I think what we know is a small step , but better than nothing . With respect to resilience , we have n’t even begun that debate or conversation . Friedman : What do you mean by resilience ? McFaul : To make we McFaul for them to do these things in Friedman future . To build up our defenses —   not just deterring offense , but to actually have the ability to protect U. U. S. officials . I think most people would be shocked at the tremendous capacity that the Russians have with respect to all things cyber in America : government , business , personal . Friedman America Do you think they the Russians number one cyber power in the world right now ? McFaul : Well , we Friedman McFaul one . But in terms of capability , they most certainly are extremely capable . And the thing that Putin has that other countries do n’t Putin is he ’s got the intention they too Putin He ’s not afraid to use this Putin in the ways that he has . It would be unthinkable Putin from my perspective at least , for the Obama administration to steal Russian data Obama then use it in a way to manipulate an electoral process in Russia . [ the Obama administration would Russia do that Obama [ Putin ] has proven that Russian data has both the capability and the will to do things like that . And not just against the United Putin , but against lots Putin countries . Friedman : On numbers two and three —   Uri Friedman and resilience —   Obama the United States left in [ Obama ] administration . That ’s a task for Uri Friedman new administration , right ? McFaul : Correct . Friedman : McFaul get the impression [ these days Uri Friedman that you ’re in a Cold War time warp . Help us put this in historical context . How does this effort to punish Russia compare in scale to similar U. Russia actions in the past ? McFaul : It ’s an apples and oranges thing . The U. S. most certainly not in a Cold McFaul with Russia because we ’re not fighting an ideology that seeks to conquer Russia world . We ’re not fighting proxy wars against each other around the world , although some may say We ’re fighting a proxy war in Syria right now the world that ’s We things are different . President Putin definitely sees the the world Putin enemy . He sees us We propagating values that he Putin undermine Russia and Russian national interests Putin [ That ’s ] a parallel the United States period in the Russia War . It always felt to me , when I was in government , that it was one side fighting . [ The United States ] had fought real wars after the Cold War : Afghanistan and Iraq . So we were n’t trapped in fighting the old Cold War . But [ the United States always were . But there are things that are more sinister . the Cold War did not annex territory [ as Russia did in 2014 with Crimea ] . That ’s something the Russians The Soviet Union did not meddle in [ America ’s Russia electoral affairs , at least to the America and as successfully as they did this time . That ’s something new . The Obama administration ’s response to that The Soviet Union anything we saw in the Cold War . The sanctions The Obama administration after Russia annexed Crimea and supported the separatists in Ukraine go The Soviet Union beyond any [ sanctions ] you ever saw in the Cold War . It ’s a Ukraine challenging moment . Maybe the Cold War Russia [ to ] a different dynamic in a few weeks . Friedman Crimea I spoke with Representative Adam Schiff last week Uri Friedman the election hack , and he the Cold War against Russia in addition to sanctions , including efforts to expose corruption on It part of Putin and his inner circle . What additional Putin would Putin like to see the U. S. government pursue in Russia [ Obama administration ’s ] final weeks Representative Adam Schiff McFaul : One last thing would be to endorse the idea of a bipartisan , independent commission , modeled after the    Commission , to get much deeper investigation McFaul into ] what happened , but also how we responded to what the Russians did . [ The    Commission ] was n’t set up to blame the Bush administration for what happened , but to dig deep with a lot of authority and resources and declassified information , The Obama administration the Russians us avoid the next catastrophic terrorist attack . That ’s really important , because the   Commission administration ’s retaliation ] is not enough . We wo n’t be ready for 2020 if we just say , " OK , we ’re done with this . " Again , capability and intent are we . And we ca n’t predict what Russian intentions or Chinese intentions or Silicon Valley rogue groups with the same capacities —   we we n’t know those intentions in 2020 . we the capabilities we have a pretty we sense of . And the capabilities are only going to get better unless we do we much more serious to protect the integrity of our electoral process .    Friedman : When Mitt Romney described Russia as America ’s " number one Russia foe " during the America we Obama mocked him , saying " the 1980s Obama calling to ask for their foreign policy back we " A couple years later , [ Obama ] dismissed we as a weak " Obama . " Is what we ’re seeing this week a      attempt by the Obama administration to address a serious threat after Mitt Romney Obama underestimating it ? McFaul : I disagree with that . I was Russia the Obama The Obama administration years . I think what Obama did in the beginning , in terms of engagement with Russia , was right McFaul And we The Obama administration . To use the   ’s language , we got some big deals done . We got the START [   reduction ] treaty done . We got sanctions on Iran . We got a new supply route to Afghanistan . We got Russia into the [ World Trade Organization ] . All of those we are good for America . We did n’t change our policy we Putin changed his America , because we became Putin about Putin Revolutions , first Putin the Arab we Russia then in Russia itself we in 2011 Afghanistan and then later in Ukraine we 2014 . There was nothing we could do . I sat there and watched us try to convince him we we were not we these revolutions Putin either his allies or Russia and we could Putin convince him Putin Now , could we have responded Putin little bit faster ? My answer to that is yeah . We probably tried too hard to keep we with the Russians in 2012 , and we we responded a little bit too we to what happened in Crimea . But those are marginal calls . I we there ’s been a strong but measured response we Russian belligerent behavior in Ukraine , inside Russia , in Syria the Russians in Russia we election . I worry now , given what the Ukraine has said , that we ’s going to forget all those things , and Crimea the name of getting along , look the other way [ from ] very egregious acts of Russian aggression . Syria ’re at a pretty precarious moment right now . 
 Russian the    