WARNING : This story contains graphic language . Washington ( CNN )   —    The Republican congressman who led the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server explained on Friday why Washington (CNN)  —   The Republican congressman who led the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server ’s no longer voting for Donald Trump . Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz told CNN ’s Don Lemon that Washington (CNN)  —   The Republican congressman who led the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server can no longer support Donald Trump President after Washington (CNN)  —   The Republican congressman who led the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server extremely vulgar comments about women from unaired footage filmed in 2005 . " My wife , Julia and I , we have a     daughter , " Chaffetz Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz . " Do you think I can look her a    daughter the eye and tell her a    daughter I endorsed Donald Trump for president when he acts like this and his he ? That was no his apology that was an apology for getting caught . " Chaffetz , the House Oversight Committee chairman who led the Hill investigation into Clinton ’s email use while secretary of state , continued : " So I ’m not going to put my good name and reputation and my family behind Donald Trump when he acts Donald Trump this , I just ca n’t do it . this Trump bragged Donald Trump trying to have sex with a married woman and being able to grope women in footage leaked from 2005 that surfaced on Friday . Among other lewd statements , Trump said Donald Trump " When you ’re a star , they let you do it . a star can do anything . .. Grab them by they pussy . You can do anything . " Trump later Donald Trump a brief apology , calling the conversation " locker room banter . " Chaffetz disagreed . " This was not just locker talk     this was This , " he said Chaffetz " I ca n’t tell the good people of Utah that I endorsed a person who acts like this . " Asked whether Trump could Donald Trump anything to make it up to voters and the Republican Party , Chaffetz responded Chaffetz " I do n’t know . " Lemon repeatedly asked if Chaffetz thinks Chaffetz should Donald Trump step aside . " " Well I do think ( Trump ’s Donald Trump mate ) Mike Pence should be at the top of the ticket , " he said Mike Pence " I really do . .. he is Mike Pence person of high moral fiber . " Chaffetz said Chaffetz " Chaffetz bad " for the country , adding that " everyone is going to have to figure this out " for themselves . everyone 