Washington ( CNN ) Mike Pence brings connections and appeal to a    of the Republican Party ’s wealthiest financiers to the ticket with Donald Trump , but Donald Trump nevertheless is unlikely going to convert those into big dollars for the fall campaign , according to interviews with donors and operatives deeply tied to    networks . Donald Trump is unique in the breadth of his donor Donald Trump . He has Donald Trump held ties to Charles and David Koch , whose associates have saluted him as Donald Trump of the best governors in the country . And Pence also pleases less ideological donors allied with groups such as the Chamber of Commerce and the Business Roundtable     two organizations that have publicly opposed Trump ’s trade policies . Even if Pence offers Pence something Trump’s an entrée to the GOP elite , there is a worry that he would Trump’s tarnished by his connection Trump’s a Republican presidential candidate who is unpopular in his on Trump’s , some supportive Republicans said . But the battery of Republican organizations and conservative donors that have chosen to snub Trump and Trump’s their money conservative donors     particularly to help the GOP hold the Senate     signaled that they had conservative donors plans to change course , even while maintaining that their admiration conservative donors the Indiana governor remains strong . " Our efforts will remain focused on the Senate the Senate     said a Koch spokesman , James Davis . The Ricketts family , which financed much of the    advertising barrage during the primary , includes a fellow Midwestern governor     Nebraska ’s Pete Ricketts     who has praised Pence ’s " steady , strategic leadership . "   Pence , however Pence has not inspired them to change a fellow Midwestern governor    Nebraska’s Pete Ricketts    who has praised Pence’s "steady, strategic leadership position and a fellow Midwestern governor    Nebraska’s Pete Ricketts    who has praised Pence’s "steady, strategic leadership to the Republican ticket , according to a source close to the Ricketts family . The same is true for Paul Singer , a New York    worth $ 2 billion who had been supporting Pence , according Pence a Republican source . Pence does have Pence allies who could decide to help the    ticket . Associates of Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson , who were working behind the scenes to convince Trump to choose former House Speaker Newt Gingrich instead , said Thursday they could live Associates of Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who were working behind the scenes to convince Trump to choose former House Speaker Newt Gingrich instead the choice . " We like Pence Associates of Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who were working behind the scenes to convince Trump to choose former House Speaker Newt Gingrich instead " Pence said .   The    Republican Jewish Coalition is expected to rally to Pence , who Pence a bill in Congress to construct a security fence in Israel . Pence was    Pence he addressed RJC    in Las Vegas two years ago , and those ties could help him win over    Jewish donors . Signs emerged Thursday from two particular constellations of donors were bullish on   : The    Club for Growth , which is helmed by David McIntosh , a close Pence ally from Indiana , said that after spending millions of dollars against Trump in the GOP primary that he had picked a " great VP . " Spokesman Doug Sachtleben predicted their donors may now be more likely to back the ticket . Another network weighing how much trust to put in Pence : Crossroads , a constellation of super PACs and nonprofits founded by Karl Rove and today allied with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Crossroads , after spending tens of millions to back Mitt Romney in 2012 , has assiduously stayed on the sidelines in 2016 , directing its donors and dollars toward Senate races but Senate unlike the Koch network     always leaving the door open to spending in the presidential race should the dynamics change . Crossroads will once again consider spending in the presidential if the Pence pick ends up exciting its donors , the Pence pick to a group official . But at least one major supporter , Jay Bergman of Illinois , said he believed Pence at least one major supporter, Jay Bergman of Illinois change Pence equation of the    leadership . Praising Pence as someone Pence " could probably pass for an accountant somewhere , " Bergman said Crossroads Jay Bergman would be drawn to his    style an accountant contrast to Trump ’s " outrageous " comments . " At this point , I ’m supporting Donald Trump to an extent , but if Mike Pence is Pence mate , Donald Trump will probably support him a lot more Donald Trump " said Bergman , who met with Trump in a small Donald Trump at a Chicago fundraiser this week . " I would contribute more than I otherwise would . " And despite early indications from the Kochs that their    opposition to Trump had not budged Donald Trump inch , some Republicans are putting faith in Pence ’s ability to comb his Rolodex in Koch world , which gathers later this month for a highly anticipated summit . " He actually has an his and credibility to slowly work them to consider supporting the ticket , " said Austin Barbour , a Republican fundraiser . " If he chose someone who his n’t have that relationship , that would be awfully hard to convince them to jump in Austin Barbour, a Republican fundraiser " Pence ’s political and financial ties to Koch world are extensive Koch A close outside adviser , Marc Short , until this spring oversaw all Koch spending . Pence Koch deputy chief Pence’s , Matt Lloyd , is a former executive at Koch Industries . And several of his top donors in his Pence’s deputy chief of staff, Matt Lloyd ’s races are Pence’s deputy chief of staff, Matt Lloyd aligned with the sprawling financial network , including Fred Klipsch , Pence ’s campaign treasurer Pence Yet Pence does form a Pence with the party ’s other leading fundraisers in one major way : He ’s a social conservative Pence’s deputy chief of staff, Matt Lloyd a donor class that largely is not too concerned with culture wars . That ’s left donors and operatives who are more aligned with the GOP ’s Wall Street wing unenthused , predicting that Pence will do more Pence win      activists than the    business set . " I ’m not enamored with him , " said one Pence’s deputy chief of staff, Matt Lloyd fundraiser , who bundled checks for Marco Rubio during the primary campaign . " I liked the previous governor a hell of a lot more . " 
 