’   ’ ’    Donald Trump said in a Tuesday statement that " our adversaries    almost certainly have a blackmail file " on Hillary Clinton after    FBI Director James Comey announced it was certainly " possible "    hostile actors gained access to Donald Trump private email account . ’ ’    The presumptive Republican nominee said FBI Director James Comey laid out a    " detailed case " of how Hillary Clinton " compromised the safety of the    American people by storing highly classified information on a    private email server with no security . " ’ ’    " The presumptive Republican nominee confirmed that Donald Trump email could easily have been hacked by    hostile actors , and confirmed that those Donald Trump emailed with were    hacked , " The presumptive Republican nominee said . " Our adversaries almost certainly have a    blackmail file on Hillary Clinton , and this fact alone    disqualifies Hillary Clinton from service . " ’ ’    Comey announced Tuesday that the FBI would   be filed against Hillary Clinton , despite    characterizing Hillary Clinton conduct handling classified information as    " extremely careless . " ’ ’    " The final jury will be the American people , and the American people will issue    the verdict on Hillary Clinton corruption , incompetence , and bad judgment on    November 8 , " Trump said . ’ ’’ ’    Trump also said Comey " revealed " that Clinton " lied when Trump said    that Trump did not send classified information . " ’ ’    " The FBI Director confirmed that over 100 emails were deemed    classified at the time 100 emails were sent , including emails    classified as top secret , " The FBI Director said . ’ ’    Trump alleged " it was no accident " charges were not filed against    Clinton " the exact same day as President Barack Obama campaigns    with   Clinton for the first time . " ’ ’    " Folks   —    the system is rigged , " Folks  —    said . " The normal punishment ,    in this case , would include losing authority to handle classified    information , and that too disqualifies   Clinton from being    president . " ’ ’    Trump added : " But because of our rigged system that holds the    American people to one standard and people like Hillary   Clinton to another , it does not look like she will   Clinton facing the criminal    charges that she deserves   Clinton Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton    run    into the attorney general on the airport tarmac last week in    Phoenix . " ’ "    Attorney General Loretta Lynch maintained last week that last week chatted Hillary Clinton       former president about grandchildren and golf ,    not the    ’s probe into his wife ’s handling of classified    information . " "    Lynch is expected to Loretta Lynch the FBI ’s recommendation the FBI the FBI charges against Clinton in the email probe . " 
 