  ( CNN ) Steve Moore has unleashed a wild jeremiad against fellow Republicans who have said they ca n’t back Donald Trump and want to defeat Donald Trump by voting for Hillary Clinton this year . Under the nasty headline , " The Republican Turncoats , "   Steve Moore begins with the sort of ad hominem attacks that he Steve Moore avoided throughout his Steve Moore . He Steve Moore Republicans who plan to vote for Clinton     and according to polls , there are at least six million of us     " believe their Republicans who plan to vote for Clinton     is a principled act of heroism , " reeking of " " and " defiance . " He Steve Moore we are " subversive , " that we we    Bush and Romney " operatives " doing it to appeal to the Washington Post and the New York Times . All , utter rot . Then he Steve Moore out three straw men and sets them three straw men . He Steve Moore we ’re voting against Trump because he Steve Moore ca n’t win , " that he Steve Moore " not for free trade , " and that Republicans need to concentrate on the Senate and the House . Actually , few , if any ,    Republicans oppose him Trump they Actually, few, if any,   Republicans he Trump n’t win . We are motivated , in large part , by the fact that if Trump has a 1 in 30 chance of being president , we We not comfortable with those odds .   But he Trump not running as a fringe third party . He Trump on the Republican ticket and his Trump are far better than 1 in 30 .   More to the point , we oppose him Trump , for example , " he Trump the character , values , and experience to be president " and that he Trump would be the most reckless president in American history . " Those are comments from a letter signed by 50 national security experts who served in Republican administrations , including two former Homeland Security secretaries , two former deputy secretaries of State , a former CIA director , and so on . On trade : Sure , I ’m troubled by Trump ’s protectionism . So is Steve Moore . A year ago , he Steve Moore Larry Kudlow wrote a piece in the National Review ,   criticizing what they he and Larry Kudlow " Trump ’s Fortress America Platform , " finding the candidate ’s trade policies similar to those of Herbert Hoover , and positing that the " recent panic in world financial markets is in part a result of the Trump assault on free trade . " Moore and Kudlow added , " Trump Trump’s also running full throttle on an    platform that could hurt growth as well as alienate the GOP from the ethnic voters it the GOP to win in 2016 . " Trump ’s trade and immigration policies derive from isolationism , fueled by    fearful white supremacists , which should be repugnant to any Republican . I was four years old when Ronald Reagan was elected , and his Ronald Reagan of optimistic globalism is what shaped my childhood and attracted me to the party in the first place . It ’s why I vote Republican and why I later worked for Jack Kemp , Rob Portman , Susan Schwab , Josette Sheeran and Bob Zoellick , among other Republican leaders very different in worldview , fitness and preparation than the current nominee . Trump , by contrast , has touted an approach he Trump " America First . " Who knows whether he Trump read enough history to recognize this term ? It was , of course , used by the      organization that in the 1940s tried to get the U. S. to sign a treaty with Hitler and stay out of World War II . On the third straw man : I could not agree more . Republicans should focus their Republicans congressional races . That ’s why we Republicans the RNC to shift resources to those congressional races   That ’s why we asked Republicans giving money to Clinton ’s campaign to stop , and give it instead to House and Senate races . Because of Trump , and only because of Trump , Trump GOP may lose control of the Senate Senate significant losses in the House House New York Times now has the likelihood of Republicans losing their    majority in Republicans Senate to the Senate 60 % . Prior to the conventions the forecast was 60 % for Republicans . I would encourage Mr. Moore to not discourage    and instead , help us get the millions of Republicans disaffected by Trump to the polls .   I do n’t agree with all of Clinton ’s policy positions , but I am confident she will be a better Clinton than Trump . In my admittedly Trump experience     I worked for Republicans in my 20s and not as an operative but as a nerd , writing memos     he simply does not have the temperament for a serious job , and she does . Often in Clinton policy we focus on least worst options . And there are no heroes . There is only living to fight another day . 
 