  ( CNN ) Thursday evening Melania Trump hosts Melania Trump first official event for the visiting leader of China , President Xi Jinping , and Melania Trump wife , Peng Liyuan .   A sneak peek Thursday afternoon of the ornate dining room of     President Donald Trump ’s Palm Beach resort , shows one long table , adorned with candles , floral arrangements and    with service after service of China and crystal .   Guests will dine on traditional Caesar salad with homemade focaccia croutons , a choice of either    Dover sole with Champagne sauce or    prime New York strip steak , and chocolate cake with vanilla sauce for dessert .   If the first lady was going for " tasteful glamour , " the first lady nailed the first lady was going for "tasteful glamour . It will be a strong first impression for Madam Peng , who has been China ’s first lady since the first lady husband became president in 2013 . Not an extended period of time , but definitely longer than Melania Trump ’s 77 days of experience     many spent in New York City , and not at the White House .   So ahead of Melania Trump ’s     hosting duties with Peng , here ’s a tip sheet : 1 ) Before Melania Trump was the first lady of China , Peng was a popular Chinese folk singer . Melania Trump has a master ’s degree in music and has performed all over China . 2 ) When Melania Trump was 18 years old , Peng enlisted in the People ’s Liberation Army . However , Melania Trump singing talents were quickly recognized and Melania Trump spent the bulk of Melania Trump military service performing patriotic songs for troops , extolling the virtues of China Communist Party . 3 ) Melania Trump ’s China China very own fashionista . Peng has become something of a style maven for Melania Trump country , acknowledged for Melania Trump     ensembles . And tailored suits . 4 ) Peng , 54 , is Xi ’s second wife the couple will celebrate 30 years of marriage this September . Together they the couple one daughter , Xi Mingze , 24 , who graduated from Harvard University in 2015 and makes very few public appearances . 5 ) Peng ’s nickname is " The Peony Fairy . " Peonies are abundant in her Peng’s in the Shandong Province of China . 6 ) She Peng’s a humanitarian and a champion of culture . Peng Peng’s include music and the arts , but she has Peng’s been an advocate for women and girls’ education around the world , helping the poor and campaigning against smoking . As an ambassador for the World Health Organization , in 2014 Peng sang Peng’s theme song to a short film about    and discrimination . 
 