WASHINGTON   —    By a single vote , the Senate gave final approval on Thursday to a measure to block cities and counties from organizing retirement savings accounts for workers who have no access to    plans . a single vote reverses a Labor Department rule that allows local governments to automatically enroll    workers in retirement plans unless they workers in retirement plans out . The a single vote a startling reversal for many Republicans , who have argued for much of their careers that many Republicans, who have argued for much of their careers that overzealous federal regulators were trampling the rights of state and local governments federal regulators were trampling the rights of state and local governments . In this case , congressional Republicans protested that President Barack Obama ’s rules gave local regulators too much leeway . Representative Virginia Foxx , Republican of North Carolina , a sponsor of the legislation , called it " unconscionable the legislation that the Obama administration ’s rule was denying workers federal consumer protections . The White House has indicated that President Trump will sign the measure into law . New York City , Philadelphia and Seattle all have considered retirement plans taking advantage of the Labor Department rule   —    what they call a New York City, Philadelphia and Seattle all safe harbor "   —    that Republicans seek to reverse . Five states have also passed legislation permitted by a similar Labor Department regulation Labor Department gives the states the power Five states private money managers who would oversee portable savings accounts for workers . The Senate is expected to soon take up a separate House resolution rolling back that state rule . The consequences of the Senate ’s votes could The Senate The Labor Department rules were designed to give around 13 million people in the five states access to retirement accounts , out of 55 million nationwide who lack    retirement programs . Among those affected most by the measure passed on Thursday will be small business owners and employees who have blanched at the cost of conventional 401 ( k ) plans or pensions . In a joint statement , Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York , the City Council president , the city ’s public advocate and a council member said that they were " deeply disappointed that Congress Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York, the City Council president, the city’s public advocate and a council member voted to overturn the Department of Labor rule providing a safe harbor for us to create retirement savings plans for private sector employees . " " This vote does little more than block them   —    the majority of whom are women and people of color   —    from securing their futures , " the statement said the majority of whom Thursday ’s vote was only the latest regulation that Republicans have rolled back this year using the 1996 Congressional Review Act , which had hardly been used in the two decades before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . Seven rollbacks have been signed into law by President Trump , with several others awaiting Mr. Trump’s . But in this case , Mr. Trump’s were replacing local regulatory authority with federal control   —    taking up a cause of investment banks that fear competition from state and local governments . The Obama Labor Department ’s rule actually gave states more autonomy in reaching contracts with    financial managers to handle the savings accounts . State governments could be administrative conduits , keeping records while passing on funding to private consultants , who would manage the money in place of state treasurers . " Too many states have made questionable decisions when it comes to managing retirement funding , " said Representative Phil Roe , Republican of Tennessee . Republicans maintained that    retirement savings accounts free of federal consumer protection rules had an unfair advantage over plans from    providers . Under the law that governs    , employers must show that they are managing their retirement programs on behalf employers their workers employers not the investment funds   employers    a provision some Republicans argued that state and city plans could skirt . In fact , many states that have passed legislation to take advantage of the Labor Department regulation have included a similar " fiduciary responsibility " requirement in their    programs . And Congress has acted many states that have passed legislation to take advantage of the Labor Department regulation reverse an Obama administration regulation that demanded that retirement investment advisers make their clients’ interests paramount . Senators in both retirement investment advisers lobbed comments on the issue on the Senate floor Wednesday . Critical of what he called the " competitive advantage " that the rules might give cities and states over    retirement offerings , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , said the Labor Department statutes spelled " more government at the expense of the private sector . " " These retirement savings regulations are a classic case of the whole being worse than the sum of its parts , " he said . Both the Labor Department Oregon ’s senators what he called the "competitive advantage" that the rules might give cities and states over   retirement offerings, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader who are Democrats , spoke on behalf of the Labor Department rules , which would protect the Labor Department " OregonSaves " retirement accounts , scheduled Both of Oregon open in July . " I hear all the time in here about states’ rights . I hear all the time about how states are the place for experimentation to see what works and what does n’t work , " Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon said . " This Congressional Review Act proposal says the opposite . It says , ‘ Let ’s stomp out experiments by This Congressional Review Act proposal municipalities . ’ " This Congressional Review Act proposal liberals see the fight over the House bills as a proxy battle that Republicans were eager to wage on behalf of the financial services industry . " They ’re ignoring the fact that the idea of the Some liberals . R. A. came out of the Heritage Foundation and Brookings , " said Joshua Gotbaum , chairman of the board responsible for setting up Maryland ’s version of the plan , referring to a conservative research institution and the more liberal Brookings Institution . " It ’s supported by the Republican state treasurer of Utah Maryland’s version of the plan, referring to a conservative research institution and the more liberal Brookings Institution Indiana   —    real     Republican states . " " This is fundamentally a Republican idea , " Mr. Gotbaum added . David John , a policy adviser at AARP and the deputy director of the Brookings Institution ’s Retirement Security Project , wrote papers defending the   . R. A. concept while he was at the conservative Heritage Foundation . " This R. A. a problem that could be just as easily dealt with at the federal level . But it ’s not being dealt with . Rather than doing This , states are stepping in and recognizing that it ’s in their financial interests to act and build This systems , states Mr. John said . " With the    plans , we ’re seeing for the first time hundreds of thousands of people who have access to these from the day they go to work to the day they retire , these he added . Mr. Gotbaum expressed these in states’ ability Mr. John defend their Mr. John " There ’s going to be a lawsuit , and the lawsuit is going to decide this , " he said a lawsuit next step for them . " They Mr. John going to go ahead no matter their . " their 