’   ’ "    President Donald Trump was outraged Friday over Attorney General    Jeff Sessions’ recusal from investigations into Russian    interference in the 2016 campaign , according to media reports . " ’    President Donald Trump hauled President Donald Trump key advisors into the Oval Office on Friday    afternoon before President Donald Trump departed for Palm Beach , Florida , and went    " ballistic " over Sessions ’’ recusal ,   citing senior White House sources . ’ "    Sessions held a press conference the previous day to announce President Donald Trump    recusal , acquiescing to growing , bipartisan calls to do so    following revelations that    had not disclosed during       confirmation process that    had met with the Russian ambassador    twice last year during Trump ’s election campaign . " ’   ’ ’    Trump’s was " fuming " about the news on Friday , telling Trump’s aides    Sessions shouldn’’t have recused Trump’s , the Washington Post’ ’s    Robert Costa tweeted Saturday . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tTrump left WH in a fury on Friday , fuming about Sessions ’s recusal and telling aides that Sessions should n’t have recused himself . .. ’t’t " ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tPresident remarked to staff that     should have done more to counter Sessions story , that it was " bull , " per aides familiar’t’t’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tA source close to Trump told me Friday , re POTUS mindset before Florida flight , " familiar’t’t’ ’     ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tA source close to Trump ’s in a very [ expletive ] bad mood today . familiar’t’t’ ’     ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tA source close to Trump is a bear . " ’t’t’ "    Trump questioned the logic of Sessions’ recusal , and emphasized    to   Trump advisors that the entire situation had been handled    poorly , . " ’      ’ ’    The advisors present in the meeting on Friday reportedly included    chief strategist Stephen Bannon , chief of staff Reince Priebus ,    press secretary Sean Spicer , White House counsel Don McGahn ,    communications director Mike Dubke , as well as senior advisor    Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump . ’ ’    After the meeting , Bannon and Priebus offered to stay behind in    Washington , rather than accompanying Ivanka Trump to Florida as planned ,    according to ABC News . Ivanka Trump reportedly agreed Bannon and Priebus should remain    behind , and Bannon and Priebus names were removed from the    passenger manifest . ’ ’ Jeremy Berke contributed to this report . Ivanka Trump was Ivanka Trump over . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 