Billy Bush is officially out at NBC . NBC announced the news on Monday after several days of negotiations over the terms of Billy Bush departure , less than two weeks after a video from 2005 surfaced in which Billy Bush and Donald J. Trump engaged in a vulgar and misogynistic conversation about women . " I am deeply grateful for the conversations I ’ve had with my daughters , and for all of the support from family , friends and colleagues , " Mr. Bush , who was a    of " Today , " said in a statement . " I look forward to what lies ahead . " Terms of Mr. Bush ’s departure were not disclosed but he Mr. Bush believed to be walking away with a payout worth millions of dollars , according to a person briefed on the settlement who spoke on condition of anonymity . The the settlement who spoke on condition of anonymity not include a noncompete clause , so Mr. Mr. Bush free to look for a position elsewhere , the person a person briefed on the settlement who spoke on condition of anonymity It has been just 10 days since video from an " Access Hollywood " tape was made public by The Washington Post . The tape , in which Mr. Trump described sexually assaulting women , has roiled his campaign for president Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump not proud of Mr. Trump he said in the video Mr. Trump but video from an "Access Hollywood" tape comments as " locker room talk . " In an interview broadcast on CNN on Monday night , Mr. Trump ’s wife , Melania Mr. Trump Bush of egging her husband on to Mr. Trump dirty and bad stuff . " Though NBC initially had no plans to discipline Mr. Bush , he never again appeared on the Mr. Trump the tape Mr. Trump public . Mr. Bush had started appearing on " Today " in Mr. Trump NBC will now have to find a replacement for him as NBC    of the 9 a. m. hour . Mr. Trump a note to the show ’s staff members , Noah Oppenheim , the " Today " chief said , " While he was a new member of the ‘ Today’ team , the "Today" chief was a valued colleague and longtime member of the broader the "Today" chief family . We wish him success as he goes forward . " 
 the "Today" chief the "Today" chief 