  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has widened Hillary Clinton lead over Donald Trump in a pair of new national polls published on Thursday , as the Republican nominee ends one of the worst weeks of the Republican nominee campaign . Hillary Clinton opened up a    margin in the    survey , 48 % to 33 % which was conducted as Donald Trump feuded publicly first with the Muslim parents of a slain American war hero and then House Speaker Paul Ryan , one of the GOP ’s most popular and powerful figures . Last month , Hillary Clinton held a narrow    advantage , 42 % % in a    poll .   In an NBC    Street Journal poll , Hillary Clinton edge is 9 points ( 47 % to 38 % ) cushioning what was a    advantage in early July . A    poll this week showed Clinton Hillary Clinton a similar    edge over Trump nationally . RELATED : Clinton Hillary Clinton in key battleground states   The added option of    candidates Jill Stein and Gary Johnson had little effect on the     spreads . In the    poll , Clinton Hillary Clinton shrunk by only 1 point , while she retained Hillary Clinton identical    lead in the    survey . The results mark the latest in a string of national and battleground state polls showing Clinton with Hillary Clinton growing base of support and , on Thursday , hints that she could Hillary Clinton making inroads with male voters .   Clinton nearly Hillary Clinton Trump among men in the    poll and enjoys a    swing     she now Hillary Clinton by 8 points     in the    survey . With women , she continues Hillary Clinton enjoy an overwhelming advantage     50 % to 30 % according to    and 51 % to 35 % in the    results .   Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , a longtime Trump ally , told CNN Thursday night he did Trump believe the flagging numbers were permanent , attributing them to Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, a longtime Trump ally    National Convention bounce and " some events " that have occurred in the past week . Trump has Trump feuded with the Muslim family of a slain US soldier and infuriated the Republican establishment by not endorsing House Speaker Paul Ryan . " Donald Trump Trump campaigner and a warrior , " Sessions told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " The numbers had him up not Trump ago . He ’s down Trump now and I think you ’ll see a rebound , no doubt about it , heading into November . " The    poll of 800 registered voters had a margin of error of 3 . 5 % . It was conducted from July 31 to August 3 . The    survey reached 983 registered voters between August    and August 3 significant within 3 . 1 % . Correction : An earlier version of this story misidentified Alabama Sen. Jeff Session ’s state . 
 