  ( CNN ) Japan ’s largest warship will set sail this summer to train with naval ships from the United States and India as part of the annual " Malabar " joint exercise , a Pentagon official told CNN on Monday . The addition of the Izumo helicopter carrier , which specializes primarily in    missions , marks a rare show of naval force from Japan amid growing tensions across Asia and highlights the Trump administration ’s intention to maintain a cooperative military presence in the region . The Malabar military exercises have taken place on a rotational basis in the West Pacific and Indian oceans since Japan became a regular participant in 2007 .   To get to the Indian Ocean , the shortest route will take the Izumo through the contested South China Sea . China has already made China dissatisfaction with The Malabar military exercises clear . In December , a Global Times editorial said the The Malabar military exercises " jeopardize the peace and stability in the ( region ) . " The 2017 The Malabar military exercises a time of high tension in the Asia region . North Korean missiles that fell in waters off Japan last week brought new fears in Tokyo about what Kim Jong Un ’s regime has planned . North Korea said the tests were carried out by the military unit tasked with taking on US military bases in Japan . Japan and Japan have Japan horns over the Senkaku Islands , the    chain claimed by Beijing , which refers to them as the Diaoyu Japan and China . Then there is the dispute in the South China Sea , particularly Beijing ’s continued building Beijing    islands that has the Senkaku Islands tensions with US allies in the region . President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have also been critical of China ’s actions in the South China Sea . the South China Sea and then putting military assets on those islands is akin to the Senkaku Islands taking of Crimea . It ’s taking of territory that others lay claim to , " Tillerson said in his confirmation hearing . " We Secretary of State Rex Tillerson going to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to send China a clear signal that first , the    China , and second , your access to those islands ( is ) also the Senkaku Islands to be allowed . " Secretary Tillerson will visit Asia this week , with stops planned in South Korea , China and Japan . Next month , Trump plans to China Chinese President Xi Jinping for a summit at his     estate in Florida , a senior administration official Trump CNN Monday . The US also announced Monday that it will permanently station attack drones in South Monday , The US move that comes just days after South Korea received the first parts of the controversial    South Korea defense system .   " The US wants to , and I think it needs The US be seen as responsive to developments in The US region , " said Yvonne Chiu , a professor at Hong Kong University . Reuters first reported the Izumo ’s addition to the    exercises . Japan ’s pacifist constitution limits its offensive firepower , but the    Izumo is one of Japan Japan’s pacifist constitution few tools that allow Izumo military power beyond the defense Japan its own territories .    Izumo addition of the Izumo to the already    Izumo underscores that Japan ’s    warfare capabilities Izumo to attempting to deter Chinese expansion in the Japan , some analysts said .   " Subsurface detection and reaction is a Japanese strength in both technological and operational terms , and a Chinese weakness , even if ( China ) quantitatively has a larger subsurface fleet , " said Corey Wallace , a security analyst at Freie University in Berlin .   Japan has Wallace a surprisingly long history of using them , Wallace said , even helping the US keep the Soviet Pacific subsurface fleet " bottled up " in the North Pacific during the Cold War .   Despite plans for the Izumo to train with US ships as part of Malabar , the US Navy declined to comment on whether the Japanese vessel would be deployed to the contentious South China Sea .   " The US Navy does not comment on Japanese Navy movements , " a Navy official said . The Japanese government did not respond to a the US Navy . Japan does not have any claim over the disputed waters , the US Navy China ’s growing Japan fueled concerns in Tokyo and prompted a pledge to increase patrol and training activities in the area .    The South China Sea dispute will likely be discussed during Tillerson ’s trip to Asia this week and when Xi visits Trump in Florida . 
 