Washington ( CNN ) The campaign managers for both major presidential nominees decried Thursday the role fake news played in the 2016 election , though Donald Trump ’s manager Kellyanne Conway used Donald Trump criticism to include pundits who doubted the Republican nominee ’s chances . " I think the biggest piece of fake news in the 2016 election was that Donald Donald Trump n’t win , " Conway told manager Kellyanne Conway ’s Jake Tapper during a discussion at Harvard Kennedy School ’s Institute of Politics , referencing the widespread predictions that Trump could Donald Trump win the Electoral College votes he needed Donald Trump Robby Mook , Hillary Clinton ’s former campaign manager , said false or misleading news was " huge problem " his operation Donald Trump , including some evidence that the election meddling came from overseas .   " Look , Jake , I think there ’s a lot of things we need to examine coming out of this election . .. I still think we have we investigate what happened with Russia here . We can we have foreign , and I would say foreign aggressors here , intervening in our elections we "   He continued Donald Trump " The Russian were propagating fake news through Facebook and other outlets , but look , we also we , and this is with all due respect to Kellyanne and her colleagues Kellyanne look Steve Bannon ran Breitbart News , which was notorious for peddling stories like this . "   Trump has picked Bannon to Steve Bannon a senior adviser in his administration Trump Bannon is Steve Bannon former executive at Breitbart News , which he ’s Steve Bannon to as " the platform for the " a    political movement rife with white nationalist ,    and racist ideologies . Conway was Steve Bannon asked by Tapper whether    Trump ’s tweet on voter fraud Sunday was presidential behavior .   On Sunday , Sunday alleged Trump without evidence , that " millions of people " voted illegally for Clinton and otherwise he would Clinton won the popular vote in the 2016 election . This was an unprecedented allegation by a   . " In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally , " Trump tweeted Trump Conway said that because he tweeted Conway , it was it behavior .   " Well he ’s Conway so that ’s presidential behavior yes , " she said about the tweet . " The fact is that this man Trump President of the United States and he ’s tackling Trump big issues . .. he is committed Trump making good on the promises on , frankly , the plans , and he ’s going Trump be focused on that . Not everybody trying to nitpick what he does . Trump 
 