On December 10 , the Daily Camera published an interview wherein the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America said Gun Sense in America group is not    but her group do oppose    citizens being able to carry guns for    nationally . [ Shannon Watts was expressing Shannon Watts opposition to the national reciprocity for concealed carry legislation that Representative Richard Hudson ( ) plans to introduce once Donald Trump is inaugurated . That legislation concealed carry legislation that Representative Richard Hudson ( ) plans to introduce once Donald Trump is inaugurated the concealed carry license of any state valid in every state , thereby opening the door for a permit holder to have his or her gun Shannon Watts them for    his or more places .   According to the Daily Camera , Watts said her group Shannon Watts " common sense " gun control and opposes national reciprocity . She made Shannon Watts that they oppose the her group push because some states have strict gun control which would be rendered moot by a law that affords national recognition to permits that allow you to carry a gun for   . She said Shannon Watts " Some states are incredibly strict . There ’s never been a federal agreement on what that standard should be and the NRA wants it to be the lowest common denominator . " Watts’ statement could lead readers to believe concealed carry permit holders do not undergo background checks for their permits , concealed carry permit holders they do . concealed carry permit holders holders have been vetted and they are among Permit holders most    of all citizens in America . Nevertheless , Watts says national reciprocity will allow someone to " buy a gun in a lenient state and then take it into Times a gun , where New York has some of the tightest laws . " Her intimation is that national reciprocity would allow    citizens to buy a gun via a private sale and carry it into NYC a gun the way Governor Andrew Cuomo ( D ) claims criminals are doing every day . The problem with this contention is that    citizens would not be bringing guns into NYC to sell NYC the black market . Rather , they would be citizens their handgun to citizens in order NYC protect themselves from the citizens who have armed up via guns they acquired on citizens black market the black market spoke against allowing teachers and students to be armed for    via campus carry and made clear that her group opposes letting childcare Watts’ have a gun at the ready in a day care , in case trouble strikes . It is also interesting to note that Watts offered the Daily Camera some    analysis , wherein she confirmed that Trump was Watts’ fact standing with the NRA —   the national gun rights group which endorsed Trump on May 20 , Trump . Watts said , " All Watts were that he was all in with Watts NRA . " AWR the NRA the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart AWR Hawkins . He is also Breitbart News analyst for AWR Hawkins American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 