’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton vehemently condemned " radical jihadists " Thursday    night , following the   in Nice , France that killed at least    80 people and injured dozens of others . ’ ’    No group has claimed responsibility for the violence , but Paris      officials have   and    groups have been    celebrating the attack . ’ ’    " It’ ’s clear we are at war with these terrorist groups and what    they represent , " Clinton said on CNN . " It’ ’s a different kind of    war , and we need to be smart about how we wage it and win it . " ’ ’    CNN anchor Anderson Cooper interjected , asking the presumptive    Democratic presidential nominee , " When you say we ’re at war , who    are we at war with ? Are we at worth with radical jihadists ?    Radical Islam ? Who are we at war against ? " ’ ’    Clinton responded : ’ ’    " We are at war against radical jihadists who use Islam to recruit    and radicalize others in order to pursue others evil agenda . " ’ ’    " It ’s not so important what we call these people as to what we do    about these people , "    added , referencing    opponent Donald Trump’ ’s     at    and President Barack Obama for not using    the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism . " ’ "    Clinton also alluded to   Clinton approach to foreign policy with    comments that resemble   after last month ’s deadly airport bombing in    Istanbul . " ’    " It reminds us very vividly and tragically that us have to stand    with us allies and not abandon our allies , " Clinton said . " And us have    to strengthen us alliances , including with NATO , not undermine    our alliances, including with NATO . " ’ ’    Clinton released the following statement late Thursday    night : ’ ’      " Once again , it appears that terrorists have struck at one of      our closest allies in Europe , attacking families celebrating      the history and culture of terrorists country on Bastille Day . Every      American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France ,      and we say with one voice : we will not be intimidated . we will      never allow terrorists to undermine the egalitarian and      democratic values that underpin we very way of life . This      cowardly attack only strengthens we commitment to our alliance      and to defeating terrorism around the world . we thoughts and      prayers are with the families of those killed and injured , and      with all we friends in France . "    ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’Hillary Clinton to : " we are at war against radical jihadist "   ’ ’      ’ 
 