Thursday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " former House Speaker Newt Gingrich offered former House Speaker Newt Gingrich theory on how his theory was Bill and Hillary Clinton were able to tout Thursday on Fox News Channel’s "Hannity," as the champions of women ’s rights despite having accepted money from Middle Eastern countries with lackluster women ’s rights records .   former House Speaker Newt Gingrich summed it up for host Sean Hannity by saying the Clintons had perfected the art of " being in the mud . " Partial transcript as follows : I think a   —    two segments or three segments going country by country over how they treat women , how they treat gays and lesbians , how they treat Christians and Jews , how much money they gave to the Clintons , or , and as you mentioned briefly , looking at the Iranian deal and the amount of money Bill Clinton made for they personal family out of that kind of deal , where the Russians are clearly paying the Russians off   —    I think there a lots of things   —    the challenge you ’ve got with the Clintons is nobody has been better at being in the mud than they the Clintons , and they the Clintons live in the the mud For some reason , they the Clintons acquired this skill that if they the Clintons just get it down there and get dirty enough where people get disgusted , and in disgust , they the Clintons be able to win . The clearer it is how bad they the Clintons , the clearer The is what the choices in your life are   —    you know , for every American to understand , this is how bad the economy is going to be , this is how she ’s going to kill jobs , this is how bad our security is going to be , these are the risks she ’s she to take bringing in unvetted Syrian refugees . I mean , there are so many things wrong with the Clinton campaign that if we could find a way to get that across   —    she gets she —    you saw in the debate the other night . The strongest points for Trump were the first half of the debate the debate they were on The strongest points for Trump issues . And on every big issue , he was beating Lester . she then Lester helped her get she on the junk , and it was totally    sided . I ’ve said over and over , this was the    versus Trump debate . Trump let me tell you I believe Anderson Cooper will be vastly worse . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 