  ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Sunday night issued a remarkable threat against Hillary Clinton , telling the Democratic presidential nominee the Democratic presidential nominee would seek to imprison Hillary Clinton if the Democratic presidential nominee was elected next month . " If I win , I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your ( missing email ) situation , " Donald Trump said , " because there has never been so many lies , so much deception . "   Donald Trump threat     which he Donald Trump made before on the campaign trail     is extraordinary even by the standard of the vitriolic 2016 campaign . Clinton responded first by calling Trump Donald Trump comments about her Clinton false , then said , " It ’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Donald Trump not in charge of the law in our country . " Trump , Donald Trump if continuing her sentence Donald Trump added : " Because you ’d be in jail . " After the debate , Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta dismissed the remark , telling CNN ’s Brianna Keilar that Trump would Donald Trump get the chance to follow through .   " Fortunately , he ’s Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta in charge of the laws of the country our country will be , " Podesta said . Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta about the remarks , Trump campaign Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway said the candidate was taking his cues from Trump campaign chief Kellyanne Conway supporters . " Donald Trump Donald Trump the frustration of a lot of Americans he hears from Donald Trump " Conway said , adding Trump campaign chief Kellyanne Conway the anger stems from what some voters perceive to be " different set of rules for this woman , as goes her emails . " this woman further elaborated in Trump campaign chief Kellyanne Conway interview on NBC ’s " Today " show the morning after the debate . " It was a quip , " she said of Trump this woman threat that Clinton would be in jail if he were president . Clinton I saw in NBC ’s reporting it NBC called a quip , so I ’ll go with NBC on it . NBC Trump it campaign manager Trump’s her assertion that Trump this woman call for another Trump’s of Clinton reflected voters’ frustration . Clinton As for the special prosecutor , I think that ’s Donald Trump channeling the frustration Trump’s from thousands of voters Trump’s the stump every day . They ’re very frustrated that she thousands of voters a different set of Clinton for her . " Earlier in the Clinton on Sunday , former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer , a Republican who worked for President George W. Bush , criticized Trump . " Winning candidates do n’t threaten to put opponents in jail , " he tweeted . " Presidents do former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer, a Republican who worked for President George W. Bush threaten prosecution of individuals . Trump is wrong on this . Trump But the sharpest attack came from former Attorney General Eric Holder , who compared Trump ’s threat to actions taken by President Richard Nixon at the height of the Watergate scandal . " So @realDonaldTrump will ORDER his AG to take certain actions @realDonaldTrump " Holder tweeted . " When Nixon tried that his AG courageously President Richard Nixon . Trump his AG his AG " Holder was referencing one of the darkest episodes of the Nixon presidency . In what is President Richard Nixon commonly referred to as the " Saturday Night Massacre , " Nixon ordered his attorney general , President Richard Nixon Richardson President Richard Nixon to fire the special prosecutor investigating the Watergate burglary . Richardson resigned rather than follow the President ’s request . When Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus was asked to do the same , he too refused and left the administration Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus Nixon ended up outsourcing the deed President Richard Nixon Robert Bork , who formally fired special prosecutor Archibald Cox . News broke on the morning of Sunday , October 21 , 1973 . Less than a year later , on August 9 , 1974 , Nixon resigned in disgrace . 
 President Richard Nixon 