London ( CNN ) UK politician Nigel Farage told CNN Thursday London (CNN) UK politician Nigel Farage ’d like to act as a " middle man " to improve relations between the British government and US    Donald Trump after a bumpy start . But London (CNN) UK politician Nigel Farage said London (CNN) UK politician Nigel Farage had no plans for a second     meeting with   Donald Trump while on a trip to the United States in the next few days , despite reports to the contrary .   Donald Trump caused diplomatic ripples Tuesday when   Donald Trump tweeted that Farage would " do a great job " as Britain ’s ambassador to the United States . And Farage , who ’s interim leader of the    UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) and the figurehead of the Brexit movement , was the first UK politician to meet with Trump    when   Donald Trump spent time with   Donald Trump at Trump Tower 11 days ago .   By contrast , Trump called Trump    other world leaders before placing a call to Britain ’s Prime Minister Theresa May following his election win , suggesting that the two countries’ much vaunted " special relationship " might be a little rocky . Farage : Fences to be mended , Speaking to CNN ’s Carol Costello , Farage said Farage were " some fences that need to be mended " after " nearly the entire British government said derogatory things about Donald Trump and his team Donald Trump during the US presidential campaign .    " I would like to try to act as a little bit of a middle man to try and mend some of this , so we can get on with some really important work , " he said Donald Trump   But Farage said Farage was Farage to the British nearly the entire British government wanted Farage to take on Donald Trump kind of liaison role .   Judging by the government ’s frosty nearly the entire British government ’s tweet proposing Farage for Farage role of ambassador , the invitation may not come soon . A spokesman for May ’s office blocked the idea , telling CNN the UK appoints its own ambassadors and that the the UK was filled . There ’s no doubt Trump ’s expression of a preference Trump’s ambassador to Washington was a startling UK with diplomatic protocol . It was also particularly awkward for the Trump’s expression of a preference for UK ambassador to Washington as Farage has long been the UK in the side of May ’s Conservative party . Farage , however , suggested the business world Farage see the advantages of building on the relationship he ’s forged with Trump and his team Farage including appearing alongside Trump on Farage campaign trail in Mississippi . Trump I genuinely think and believe that a closer relationship between our two countries will be mutually beneficial to us and if I can do anything to cement this relationship , I will , " he said . 
 Farage 