’   ’ "    Mark Zuckerberg came out against President Trump ’s executive    orders on immigration policy   Friday . " ’    " Like many of you , I’’m concerned about the impact of the recent    executive orders signed by President Trump’s , " Mark Zuckerberg said ,       the orders Trump President Trump’s earlier this week to build a    wall along the U. S.   border and prioritize the    deportation of undocumented immigrants from    sanctuary    cities in the U. S. ’ ’    " We need to keep this country safe , but we We do that by    focusing on people who actually pose a threat , " the Facebook CEO    continued . " Expanding the focus of law enforcement beyond people    who are real threats would make all Americans less safe by    diverting resources , while millions of undocumented folks who    don’’t pose a threat will live in fear of deportation . " ’ "    While he was   during the    presidential campaign , Friday ’s post is the first time that    Zuckerberg has publicly addressed the president ’s    policies since the inauguration . His Zuckerberg also come one    day after Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg   Trump ’s    executive    order . " ’    In his post on Friday , Zuckerberg   Zuckerberg he   Zuckerberg optimistic    about Trump’ ’s   to protecting " Dreamer " immigrants who were    brought into the U. S. at a young age from deportation . ’ ’’ ’    " I’’m also glad the President believes our country should continue    to benefit from ’’ people of great talent coming into the    country , ’’ " Zuckerberg said . Trump has   that he’ ’s said       directly benefit tech companies like Facebook    that already rely on being able to hire skilled workers from    other countries . ’ ’    Zuckerberg Zuckerberg been an immigration reform activist for years ,       back to his Zuckerberg of the FWD . us lobbying group in    2013 . Despite recent speculation that Zuckerberg Zuckerberg the billionaire     ’ "    Here ’s Zuckerberg ’s   " "      My great grandparents came from Germany , Austria and Poland .      Priscilla ’s parents were refugees from China and Vietnam . The      United States is a nation of immigrants , and we should be proud      of that .    " "      Like many of you , I ’m concerned about the impact of the recent      executive orders signed by President Trump .    " "      We need to keep this country safe , but we We do that by      focusing on people who actually pose a threat . Expanding the      focus of law enforcement beyond people who are real threats      would make all Americans less safe by diverting resources ,      while millions of undocumented folks who do n’t pose a threat      will live in fear of deportation .    " "      We should also keep our We open to refugees and those who      need help . That ’s who we We . Had we We away refugees a few      decades ago , Priscilla ’s family would n’t be here today .    " ’      That said , I was glad to hear President Trump say he’ ’s going to      " work something out " for Dreamers     immigrants who were      brought to this country at a young age by their Dreamers    immigrants who were     brought to this country at a young age by their parents . Right      now , 750 , 000 Dreamers benefit from the Deferred Action for      Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program that allows them to live and      work legally in the US . I hope the President and his team keep      these protections in place , and over the next few weeks I’’ll be      working with our team at FWD . us our find ways we our help .    ’ ’      I’’m also glad the President believes our country should      continue to benefit from " people of great talent coming into      the our country "    ’ ’      These issues are personal for me the President beyond my family . A few      years ago , I taught a class at a local middle school where some      of my best students were undocumented . They are a local middle school where some     of my best students were undocumented future too .      We are our nation of immigrants , and we all benefit when the best      and brightest from around the world can live , work and      contribute here . I hope we find our courage and compassion to      bring people together and make this world the world place for      everyone .    ’ 
 