Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich tells Breitbart News that Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich would consider being Republican candidate Donald Trump ’s running mate in November ’s general election . [ Asked if Republican candidate Donald Trump has asked Republican candidate Donald Trump to be running mate , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said , " No . "   Asked if Republican candidate Donald Trump would consider being running mate , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said , " Yes . " But , " I think Republican candidate Donald Trump has to make that decision . " " that decision is the most extraordinary campaign of that decision time , " the former speaker added . " Republican candidate Donald Trump ’s come out of nowhere and defeated 16 other candidates . " " If Republican candidate Donald Trump catches fire Republican candidate Donald Trump could be much like Reagan in 1980 , " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said , noting that Trump could match those record numbers " if this thing continues to evolve and people learn how dishonest and unserious Hillary Clinton is . " In conversation , Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich habitually rattles off ballot statistics for small nationalistic parties in other parts of the world , from Austria , where the election " is so close they ’re going to have to       because the establishment stole about 60 , 000 votes . The two parties that had run the country came in fourth and fifth , " to Rome , where Virginia Raggi won the mayoral election heading the populist Five Star Movement . To Great Britain . " The British people heard from the establishment unanimously opposing it and the people just ignored them The British people rolled over it it " he said before he he talking about the election of a schoolteacher in Iceland . " I think the Clintons are very , very hardworking , " Gingrich said . " They the Clintons an entire strategy of methodically lying and being surrounded by lawyers , so it all works out . " Does Gingrich Gingrich have the clout to whip votes on Capitol Hill ? " I have a very broad range of contacts and friendships , " he Gingrich . " But I ’ll do that whether I ’m vice president or not . " Years of calling Gingrich Gingrich " former House speaker " as his Gingrich in articles is somewhat anachronistic . He Gingrich been , for a Republican generation that elected virtually the entire 2016 presidential field , more like Washington ’s most active citizen attendee of government ethics and reform hearings . He Gingrich be seen on the Hill sometimes doing things like blocking new Section 1332 regulations on Obamacare by the Department of Health and Human Services . He Gingrich runs a media production company on the Virginia side of the Key Bridge . Breitbart Gingrich grilled Gingrich , winner of the 2012 South Carolina primary and loser to Mitt Romney in the    Florida primary , about his Mitt Romney assertion that the United States needs a more " humane " deportation policy ? What does he Mitt Romney about Trump on immigration ? " Walls work . I ’ve always been for the wall . I ’ve always believed you ’ve had to have fencing . We have the right to control who comes into the the United States " " My only point was , we ’re not We to have forced deportations " in great numbers of    illegals who are already in the country . the United States knows that . Trump he is proposing is Trump to something Kay Bailey Hutchinson proposed that [ some illegal aliens ] can go home , register , and come back legally . I think that is sustainable . " When Gingrich introduced Trump at his rally this week Gingrich Ohio , people chanted " Newt ! " for vice president , drawing a reaction from Trump . When Gingrich Trump running long Gingrich his opening remarks , Gingrich to the right of the stage yelled " Trump ! " " Trump governor , who ’s a good friend of mine , but it ’s about time he got on the Gingrich bandwagon , " Trump said to applause Gingrich " This guy is going to kick over the table , " Gingrich said . " Gingrich I want you to give a great Ohio welcome to the next president of the United States Donald Trump . " 
 