CORAL GABLES , Fla.   —    Juanita Castro considered Juanita Castro brother Fidel a traitor and had not spoken to her brother Fidel a traitor in 52 years , but , even so , Juanita Castro feels that a piece of Juanita Castro is missing now that her brother Fidel a traitor is dead . Juanita Castro was reviled by many as a despot who had killed innocents and caused countless Cubans to flee the island , and when he Juanita Castro Friday night , spontaneous parties broke out in the streets of Miami . Ms. Juanita Castro disdain for the thousands who danced and rejoiced over her brother Juanita Castro death . " Logically , that reaction hurts , " Ms. Castro , 83 , said Sunday in an interview at her home Juanita Castro a quiet ,    neighborhood here in South Florida , where she has Juanita Castro since 1964 . " It ’s not necessary to do what the Cuban people have done here in the streets of Miami , " she said Juanita Castro " I respect the sentiment of everybody I can not accept this . It ’s this a good thing . " " It ’s this the first time that they did it , this is it the first time I have suffered , " she said Juanita Castro " When he fell ill 10 years or so ago , I had my business , and they practically they me there , because I said I did n’t rejoice in anyone ’s sickness , in anyone ’s misfortunes , nor in anyone ’s death . That ’s not Christian . It ’s That humane . " Ms. Castro said she learned Ms. Castro her brother Ms. Castro death in a phone call from a friend . She was Ms. Castro at the time and could not sleep afterward because the phone kept ringing . " I did n’t know where to hide the phone the phone she said Ms. Castro She called Ms. Castro sister Ms. Castro in Mexico , hoping to get more information , but her sister Ms. Castro her sister Enma details . She heard Ms. Castro but has not been able to confirm , that her brother Ms. Castro a heart attack . Although she has Ms. Castro set foot in Cuba in more than five decades , she was Ms. Castro up on the latest intrigue and details . She described Ms. Castro photos of a weakened Fidel she saw Ms. Castro his 90th birthday party Fidel August , which her sister Ms. Castro . Ms. Castro noted with a tinge of concern how someone had to help him get up . someone many Cubans , Ms. Castro initially supported Ms. Castro ’s vision of Ms. Castro justice for the island nation . And like hundreds of thousands of Cubans who eventually fled , she grew disillusioned when Mr. Ms. Castro declared himself a Ms. Castro Her last Ms. Castro years in Cuba Ms. Castro spent helping other people sneak out of the country and clashing with her Cuba members of his Ms. Castro circle . The two Ms. Castro harsh words as she grew increasingly vocal , particularly Ms. Castro people she cared about found themselves arbitrarily Ms. Castro . They barely exchanged people she cared at their mother people she cared funeral in 1963 , people she cared she decided to leave soon after Ms. Castro she was detained by a military Ms. Castro , who berated her at a bowling alley for Ms. Castro Chesterfields , an American brand of cigarettes . Her brother ’s rhetoric , she Ms. Castro concluded , amounted to Ms. Castro slogans . " ‘ Bread with freedom’   —    that expression remained recorded in my mind , because I thought it was going to be that way that expression I felt as betrayed as the most humble of Cubans , " she said . " He had Ms. Castro all in his hands , without having to turn He all over to any power , and then he goes and turns himself over to He worst of powers He the Russians . " Ms. Castro initially moved to Mexico and began speaking out at places like the United Nations and other international gatherings , accusing her brother of betraying his country with Ms. Castro promises . She her brother to Miami after a few Ms. Castro because she thought it was the best place Ms. Castro position her exile activism . But she never Ms. Castro fit in among    Ms. Castro who viewed her suspiciously . " They rejected me Ms. Castro because I had the last names Castro Ruz , " she said . " Imagine , as Ms. Castro I had chosen my surnames . " Her phone continued to ring nonstop on Ms. Castro as she sat in her den and talked Ms. Castro speaking deliberately Ms. Castro stopping occasionally to recall details . She was recovering from foot surgery and Ms. Castro a medical boot . Fresh white flowers sat on the dining table in the next room . She retired recently after having owned a Ms. Castro pharmacy for more than 30 years , and she has written a memoir about her Ms. Castro , " Fidel and Raúl Ms. Castro My Brothers , " which is to be translated into English soon . Ms. Castro grew most animated discussing the Ms. Castro election , when after speaking calmly for over an hour , she practically spit out insults at    Donald Ms. Castro Trump . " Repugnant " and " detestable , " she called him , as she ran through Ms. Castro litany   Donald J. Trump reasons she Ms. Castro no Cuban should have voted for Ms. Castro . She seemed genuinely angry , particularly   Donald J. Trump she Ms. Castro his comments about grabbing women " Ms. Castro their   Donald J. Trump . " A supporter of President women and his policies toward Cuba , she sees parallels in her brother and Mr. Ms. Castro . " The Ms. Castro difference is that he may have millions , but the other his a brain , " Ms. Castro said of Mr. Trump and Mr. Castro . Unfortunately , she said her brother had not used his Ms. Castro for Ms. Castro good of Cuba . her brother , she said , her brother had no regrets Ms. Castro probably thought her brother day he died that he was a great leader , her brother acknowledging his her brother . Ms. Castro struggled to explain her her brother at Mr. Castro of her brother . Mr. Castro This is one of those Mr. Castro her brother say that something is missing , " she said . " And the Cuban people will Mr. Castro say that something is missing . " Ms. Castro said she enjoyed a warm relationship with Mr. Castro her siblings’ Mr. Castro , who also live abroad . In Mr. Castro , she won a libel suit , filed in Spain , Mr. Castro Fidel Castro ’s estranged daughter for calling Ms. Castro ’s Mr. Castro murderer . Each year the family Mr. Castro smaller , and she does not attend the funerals . She will skip this one Mr. Castro too , but she laments not Mr. Castro the family she wished she had been able Mr. Castro hold on to   — Mr. Castro the Mr. Castro whose members are there to console one another when one of them passes . " I live with pain in my heart , but I whose members my destiny , " she said . " I forgive everybody , including my brother . Mr. Castro 
 