Highlights of an essay sent by    GOP consultant Alex Castellanos to   GOP consultant Alex Castellanos NewRepublican . org mailing list:[When Tides Recede at Conventions , [   …     ] Most convention goers , especially unbound delegates , are proud members of the GOP establishment .   ] Most convention goers, especially unbound delegates want to avoid conflict that might destroy ] Most convention goers, especially unbound delegates party   —    and ] Most convention goers, especially unbound delegates votes will never be as valuable .   If Donald Trump is only a handful or two short of the delegates Donald Trump needs , it is in Donald Trump is only a handful or two short of the delegates he needs in Donald Trump interest and also the GOP ’s to announce a done deal before the GOP starts in Ohio .   If Donald Trump ’s close , Republican regulars will mount a serious effort to avoid a battle on the convention floor . However , if Mr. Trump is one hundred or more votes away from the nomination , it is unlikely Donald Trump can find the delegates to get the ball in the end zone on the first ballot .   Donald Trump will turn the the ball on downs though nearly at the goal line .   ( OK , no more sports metaphors . )   On the second ballot , Donald Trump drops 200 or 300 votes or more and starts bleeding .   Ultimately , Donald Trump bleeds to death on the convention floor   —    which you think would be good news for the candidate in second place , Senator Ted Cruz , unless , of course , you ’ve met Senator Ted Senator Ted Cruz this convention nor the Republican Party wants Ted Cruz as their Senator Ted Cruz President . the Republican Party Republican regulars suspect that in a general election , he would be Richard Nixon Republican the charm , Barry Goldwater with diminished powers of attraction .   Cruz , they fear , Senator Ted Cruz the narrowest possible expression of the Republican Party ’s appeal the Republican Party the ticket to slaughter .   It is a testament to the routine occurrence of the impossible this election that the candidate most party regulars initially feared as the worst possible nominee is now their both their    and Miss Congeniality the candidate most party regulars   the candidate most party regulars Ted Cruz really wants to Senator Ted Cruz election , he should buy a disguise and Senator Ted Cruz campaigning until Christmas .   Perhaps Senator Cruz has also figured that Senator Ted Cruz   His lead has grown in Wisconsin as Senator Ted Cruz has ducked FOX ’s Sean Hannity Senator Ted Cruz to give him an hour of free television for 10 straight FOX . Senator Cruz has no value beyond being Senator Ted Cruz to Donald Trump .   If Trump collapses , the need for Ted Cruz evaporates , Donald Trump Cruz is at Senator Ted Cruz collapsing , too . Senator Ted Cruz Senator Cruz is the unpleasant medicine the Republican Party Senator Ted Cruz to swallow when it is sick , but not when it is feeling healthier .   As Donald Trump backs out of it convention hall , Cruz is likely Donald Trump a run but then fall Senator Ted Cruz , which gives John Kasich his moment .   If Trump begins to lose altitude , the convention John Kasich likely to turn to Donald Trump Kasich , an experienced Governor with a solid conservative record and the strongest showing in general election polls against Hillary Clinton .   And yet   …     . [   …     ] If GOP delegates start looking for an alternative to both Trump and Senator Cruz , why settle for Miss Ohio when you could Donald Trump Miss America ?   Why not wipe the slate clean and go for what delegates really want , the Republican Speaker ?   Former    candidate Paul Ryan is a larger political figure .   He has national experience and appeal .   The Speaker has also managed Former   candidate Paul Ryan bring together unruly Republicans in the House the Republican Speaker Capitol ’s hotbed of insurrection .   Most importantly , he is a fresher face , a new and more promising generation of Republican Former   candidate Paul Ryan   He would have a better shot at uniting the Republican Party . [   Former   candidate Paul Ryan     ] Would Ryan take the nomination ?   Would he accept a     shot at being handed the leadership of the free world Ryan   Republican can pray .   It does n’t hurt that the House Speaker made this speech last week calling for Party unity and setting himself up as the alternative to Donald Trump .   As Ryan said , the House Speaker This is the system our Founders envisioned . It ’s Ryan . It ’s complicated . It ’s infuriating at times . This it ’s a This thing , too This " And what about Donald Trump This   Does he take the olive branch the convention will inevitably Donald Trump him ?   Trump Donald Trump threats and bluster have value only before the deal is Donald Trump .   Donald Trump nominee is chosen , executing his threats brings him nothing .   Instead , a gracious exit would be a boon a nominee the two a nominee he seems to love most , his children and his brand , which is lifeblood of a nominee business he is leaving them a nominee   Bolded a nominee were added for emphasis . 
 a nominee 