WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s Saturday started with a trip to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling , Va. By Saturday night , on one of the few weekends since the inauguration that President Trump remained in WASHINGTON , the President Trump dining at the Trump International Hotel a few blocks from the White House . He was President Trump by    as he entered President Trump exited the hotel the Trump International Hotel , BLT Prime by David Burke , with his daughter President Trump    . On Sunday morning , Mr. Trump President Trump again at the family ’s Virginia golf course . For Mr. Trump , President Trump just another weekend with a    spotlight on his family ’s business President Trump , a pattern that started during his transition when he President Trump international attention President Trump the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , N. J. by interviewing potential cabinet picks there . Saturday ’s stops marked the eighth weekend in a row   —    out of the 10 weekends he has been in President Trump   —    that Mr. Trump has visited a    property , including his     resort in Palm Beach Mr. Trump White House officials have said Mr. Trump goes to his clubs Mr. Trump because he is Mr. Trump there , but critics Mr. Trump argue that the visits are priceless advertising and that Mr. Trump and his family are using the presidency as Mr. Trump way to enrich themselves . " It is normal for his family to get out   —    and it can be a boost for small businesses across the city and the country , " said Robert Weissman , the president of Public Citizen , a liberal nonprofit group . " But with President Trump , he spends his down time as a President Trump advertisement President Trump his businesses . It is a major President Trump from historic norm and degradation of the office . " Eric Trump , in an interview this President Trump disputed any suggestion that his father ’s visits to family properties represented President Trump conflict of interest . But he agreed that the Trump Organization ’s assets President Trump —    from     where interest in memberships has surged , to its golf courses   —    were doing the Trump Organization’s . " The stars have all aligned , " said Eric Trump , during a recent news conference in Washington to promote the upcoming Senior PGA Championship tournament at the Trump National Golf Course in Sterling , Va. Memorial Day weekend . ( He did not mention his father by name Eric Trump ) As executive Eric Trump president of the Trump Organization , Mr. Trump golf Eric Trump around the world . " I think the Trump Organization brand is the hottest it has ever been . " The president has now made three visits to our brand Trump National Golf Club . . Tickets to the event are being sold as Mr. Trump is pushing the golf course into the spotlight , with reporters and photographers in tow on Saturday for a daylong visit . On Sunday shortly after 11 a. m. with reporters placed at the complex ’s indoor tennis center , Mr. Trump made a quick visit to the club for what White House officials Mr. Trump three meetings . By noon Mr. Trump was headed back to Washington . Photos of Mr. Trump surfaced on social Mr. Trump Saturday and Sunday that appeared to show him in Mr. Trump and out on the golf course on Saturday , and then sitting at Mr. Trump golf club , during his short visit Sunday , watching a game of golf on television the club York Times Mr. Trump , via    tools Sunday that the items were posted Sunday from the Trump National Golf Club . But the White House officials did not respond when asked about Sunday photographs , and would not confirm whether Mr. Trump played golf . The warm welcome Mr. Trump received Saturday night at the Trump hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue offered a hint of why Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his family ’s establishments so often Mr. Trump He is almost guaranteed the kind of enthusiastic crowd Mr. Trump never find at Mr. Trump David , the presidential retreat in Mr. Trump ’s Catoctin Mountains . " Keep up the Mr. Trump work ! " one man shouted after Mr. Trump wrapped up his dinner at the hotel on Saturday . " Thank you , Donald Donald you , Mr. Trump " another man Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump arrived shortly after 9 p. m.   —    a reporter from The Mr. Trump was already having dinner at the Mr. Trump only restaurant   —    and walked through the lobby ’s expansive atrium and into the restaurant , BLT Prime . the hotel turned to one another in disbelief . A man shouting Mr. Trump ’s name had to be quieted by hotel security . Mr. Trump , his daughter Ivanka Trump and his     Jared Mr. Trump led to the    mezzanine , which looks out onto the vast lobby . Hotel guests A man shouting Mr. Trump’s name over the railings of A man shouting Mr. Trump’s name upper floors to gawk at the president sitting down for a family dinner . Mr. Trump has a particular preference for steaks , well done and with ketchup , although the restaurant would not confirm what he dined on Mr. Trump . The meal went on for more than two hours , even as guests had stopped eating and had turned around Mr. Trump to watch Mr. Trump . One diner sitting a few feet from the Trump party said the president had interrupted his meal several times to allow    to Mr. Trump . Members of the Secret Service took over a table on the first Mr. Trump ordered drinks while Mr. Trump for The meal to conclude his meal . Mr. Trump above them , Mr. Trump ’s personal security guard , Keith Schiller , patrolled the mezzanine level while chatting and Mr. Trump guests . " Mr. Trump ate slowly The meal said John Nix , Members of the Secret Service was the Trump party at BLT Prime with his wife and three children on their final night at the hotel , which he said they had found on TripAdvisor . The family was visiting Washington from Columbus , Ga. to see sights the Trump party visit colleges , and had his wife and three children a reservation for the restaurant a month the Trump party . his wife and three children the two hours passed , hotel guests who had been at the bar and waiting in the lobby formed a long line , hoping to meet the president as he left . Mr. Trump happily obliged . Around 11:30 p. m. he and Ms. Trump worked the crowd , which included a teenager in a red " Make America Great Mr. Trump hat and Mr. Trump young girl asleep on the shoulders of her parents . Screams Mr. Trump gave Mr. Trump dozens of people chanting " U. S. A. ! U. S. A. ! " A few minutes later , Mr. Trump disappeared into his motorcade for the short a young girl home . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 