ATKINSON , New Hampshire   —    Republican nominee Donald Trump kicked off Republican nominee Donald Trump final push for the presidency on Friday in New Hampshire , where a packed audience of about 1 , 000 gathered to hear their a packed audience of about 1, 000 at the Atkinson Country Club . [ Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump a new CBS News story revealing that some of the State Department emails , among the 650 , 000 found by the FBI on Anthony Weiner ’s laptop , were not previously seen by authorities .   " She said she She ’em all in , right ? " he Anthony Weiner’s , rhetorically . Given the new discoveries , he Anthony Weiner’s , she She probably committed " perjury . " " All she She to do was follow the rules   …      And for what ?    …      She She be under investigation for years , she She be with trials .. If she She to win , it she were to win create an unprecedented constitutional crisis . " And America , he Anthony Weiner’s , was tired of Clinton crises . Trump also spoke about the upcoming " massive    premium spike " in Obamacare across America America And he Trump to " drain the swamp " of corruption in Washington . Panoramic shot of crowded # Trump rally in # Atkinson # NewHampshire   —    at least 1 , 000 packed into hall , wall to wall pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 4 , 2016 ,   Trump cited Friday ’s October unemployment report , noting that 425 , 000 people had left the labor force . He Trump NAFTA and the awarding of Most Favored Nation status to China , both of which occurred during President Bill Clinton ’s administration , blaming them both of which the loss of one in four manufacturing jobs . He Trump his Trump in the primary . The newspapers , he Trump , had written : " It looks like trump Trump lose New Hampshire . " He Trump in a " landslide , " he Trump . Trump then spoke about heroin and drug addiction , speaking of the impact the stories of New New Hampshire had on him Trump He Trump from the prepared text on the TelePrompTer as he Trump about those stories the stories of New Hampshire residents which he Trump often mentioned at other stops on the campaign trail , in other states . A man called out : " Save us ! " Trump responded : " We ’re gon na save ourselves . " Trump We on to Trump to protect New Hampshire New Hampshire . And he hit the    theme Trump has repeated throughout the Trump : " We ’re going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country . " When he discussed his proposal to Trump " Trump zones " for Syrian refugees in the Middle Easy , rather than bringing them to the U. S. Syrian refugees in the Middle Easy man shouted : " Send Hillary Clinton to one ! " Trump joked that the press Trump focus on that remark . Before Trump spoke , Kate Quigley , sister of Benghazi hero Glen Doherty , addressed the audience , who listened to her story in rapt , Trump even tearful , silence .   She spoke about how Hillary Trump had told her Hillary Clinton a YouTube video Trump responsible for the attack , and how the only person at the memorial who told the truth to her about the attack was the Trump ambassador the attack U. S. Audience listens , rapt   tearful , as sister of # Benghazi hero Doherty talks to # Trump rally # Atkinson # NewHampshire pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 4 , 2016 ,   Kathleen    of Salem , New Hampshire , told Breitbart News that she expected Trump to win the state Breitbart News not only because he is leading in recent polls , Trump because " some people will not answer survey questions , " and because voters in general were fed up with both parties . " I want him to go in there and blow Trump all the corruption , not just on the Democratic side . " She said she thought Trump ’s recent Breitbart News for Breitbart News limits Trump Congress was " awesome . " After Quigley , Former Sen. Bob Smith ( ) warmed up the audience , entertaining them with a    impression of Bill the audience endorsing Trump . " If Hillary goes to Trump , I ’ll Breitbart News free as a bird ! " he laughed . Next was former governor John Sununu , who addressed Sununu the audience that there would not be a " smoking gun " in the investigation before the election , but that the news " ripped the scab " off the truth that thanks to the Clintons , " the Democratic Party has been infused with a culture of corruption for the last 25 years . " He said that Trump supporters should reach out to supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) on that basis : " Corruption cost Bernie the nomination , and its up to us to tell his Sununu they ’re out of their minds if they vote for Hillary Clinton . " Sununu , a member of the Bush family circle and a prominent surrogate Trump Mitt Romney in 2012 , Sununu explained his supporters he became a his supporters supporter after his supporters him . " How can you support Donald trump after giving him a hard during the primary ? The answer is : Hillary Clinton makes it damned easy Mitt Romney " As some chanted , " Mitt Romney her up , " one man shouted : " Execute Mitt Romney . " Sununu interrupted his remarks to rebuke the man Hillary Clinton protested : " For treason . " Sununu repeated his rebuke , and Hillary Clinton with his speech . Hillary Clinton " will continue Hillary Clinton    slide to socialism Sununu " Sununu said .   Mike , from Sandown , called the election " Sununu most Sununu in my lifetime . " Sununu said he Hillary Clinton Trump would win , since he had more votes than anyone Sununu the history of the New Hampshire primary . Steve Lewis , of Rochester , said the most important issue for Sununu was Sununu state of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) Sununu . " The VA is worse than it ’s ever been , " he said . " I get a kick watching people who wanted Obamacare Sununu It ’s the same as we ’ve been living with    …      they do n’t give The VA crap if you live or Sununu . " Asked whether he was afraid , as Hillary Clinton says , The VA Trump would privatize the VA , he said : " No , that ’s what we need . " A string of recent polls has Trump tied with , or slightly ahead of , Clinton in the Granite State . The Trump campaign he visit several more states Friday , ahead of a busy travel and campaign weekend . Joel B. Pollak Trump Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Hillary Clinton , See No Evil : 19 Trump Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak 