’   ’ "    President Donald Trump released a statement Tuesday blaming a    chemical attack in Syria on the Obama administration ’s policies . " "    Dozens of people   on Tuesday when a hospital treating    civilians injured in chemical attacks was bombed . Activists    described a   chemical attack in Syria on the Obama administration’s policies as   in the country ’s    war . " ’    " Today’ ’s chemical attack in Syria Syria innocent people ,    including women and children , is reprehensible and can not be    ignored by the civilized world , " Trump said in a statement .    " These heinous actions by the Bashar    regime are a    consequence of the past administration’ ’s weakness and    irresolution . " ’ ’    Trump Trump President Barack Obama’ ’s inaction after issuing a    " red line " in 2012 that suggested that the US would intervene    militarily if the Assad regime used chemical weapons . ’ ’    When evidence that Syrian forces had used chemical weapons to    attack civilians emerged , the the US to retaliate with    military action , opting instead to broker a deal in which the    Assad regime agreed to remove chemical weapons from Syria . ’ ’’ ’    " President Obama said in 2012 that he would President Obama a ’’ red    line ’’ against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing , "    Trump said . " The United States stands with our allies across the    globe to condemn this intolerable attack . " ’ ’    But it doesn’’t this intolerable attack that the Trump administration is planning    to urge Assad to step down . And Trump didn’’t seem to want Obama    to enforce the red line at the time ,   " AGAIN , TO OUR VERY our LEADER , DO NOT ATTACK    SYRIA    IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM    THAT FIGHT THE U. S. GETS NOTHING ! " ’ ’    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters while he was Secretary of State Rex Tillerson    Turkey last week that the "   status " of Assad would " be    decided by the Syrian people . " And the US’ ’s ambassador to the UN ,    Nikki Haley ,   that the Trump    administration’ ’s " priority is no longer to sit there and focus on    getting Assad out Assad " ’ "    The remark signaled a shift in America ’s official position on the    Syrian strongman . Though they were a shift in America for failing to act    against Assad , Assad and former Secretary of State John Kerry had    long called for Assad to Assad down in a monitored transition of    power    " ’    Tillerson released a statement on the chemical attack on Tuesday ,    saying the US " strongly condemns " such actions . ’ ’    " While we continue to monitor the terrible situation , it is clear    that this is how Bashar    operates : with brutal , unabashed    barbarism , " Tillerson said Tillerson the statement , which stopped short    of calling on Assad to relinquish power . ’ ’    Tillerson instead Tillerson responsibility to Russia and Iran , two    of Assad’ ’s biggest allies , saying they " Assad’’s biggest allies great moral    responsibility for these deaths . " ’ ’    " Those who defend and support him , including Russia and Russia and Iran should have no illusions about Assad or his intentions , " Assad Tillerson said . " Anyone who uses chemical weapons to attack his    own people shows a fundamental disregard for human decency and    must be held    . " ’ ’    Tillerson called on Russia and Iran to " exercise their influence    over Russia and Iran Syrian regime and to guarantee that this sort of    horrific attack never happens again . " ’ ’ Natasha Bertrand contributed to this report . ’ ’President Donald Trump released a statement . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 