The temporary alliance between Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , formed to deny Donald J. Trump the Republican presidential nomination , was already fraying almost to the point of irrelevance on Monday , only hours after it was announced to great fanfare . With the pact , The temporary alliance between Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, formed to deny Donald J. Trump the Republican presidential nomination agreed to cede forthcoming primary contests to each other . Mr. Kasich Gov. John Kasich of Ohio most crucially , stand down in Indiana ’s primary on May 3 to give Mr. Cruz a better chance to defeat Mr. Trump there , while Mr. Cruz would Mr. Cruz and New Mexico to Mr. Kasich . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio to be a measure of last resort , but initially it seemed like a breakthrough . Mr. Cruz trumpeted what he Mr. Cruz " big news Mr. Cruz in Indiana , a state that appears pivotal to stopping Mr. Trump from winning a majority of delegates . " John Kasich has decided Gov. John Kasich of Ohio out of Indiana to give us a     contest Indiana Donald Trump , " he said . Mr. Trump Gov. John Kasich of Ohio own campaign stop in Gov. John Kasich of Ohio on Monday , Mr. Kasich tamped down Mr. Gov. John Kasich of Ohio triumphalism . Voters in Indiana , Mr. Kasich said , " ought Indiana for me , " even if he would Gov. John Kasich of Ohio be campaigning publicly there Gov. John Kasich of Ohio He added , " I do n’t Gov. John Kasich of Ohio this as any big deal . " Under the best of circumstances , the arrangement between Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich would seem to be a Gov. John Kasich of Ohio   —    more of an expedient to stop Mr. Trump from taking a big step toward winning the nomination next week in Indiana than a permanent joining of forces . Far from forming any kind of unity ticket , Mr. Trump ’s surviving challengers have both vowed to triumph in Mr. Trump in Cleveland , and they remain irreconcilable on key matters of policy . Their agreement dealt only Mr. Trump’s surviving challengers three states , leaving an open question as Mr. Trump’s surviving challengers how directly they might compete with each other everywhere else . Even in Indiana , Mr. Trump’s surviving challengers as the most important state , the    pact appeared something less than decisive . While Mr. Kasich ’s campaign canceled his public appearances in the state , the governor was still slated to Mr. Kasich’s Indianapolis on Tuesday Indiana    event Mr. Kasich’s Columbia Club . And he still had meetings scheduled with a series of Indiana Republicans , including Gov. Mike Mr. Kasich’s , according to a leading Republican in the state . Mr. Cruz ’s campaign privately advised supporters on Sunday not to Indiana voting , whereby his supporters might switch their allegiance to Mr. Kasich in states where the Ohio governor is Mr. Kasich’s stronger against Mr. his supporters . " We never tell voters who to vote for , " read the suggested Cruz talking point . " We ’re simply letting folks know where we will be focusing our time and resources . " Mr. Trump , who has taunted We opponents throughout the We for their Keystone Kops approach to undermining his campaign , seemed to relish the continuing strain between his remaining rivals . On Twitter his he mocked " Lyin’ Ted Cruz " and " his for 38 Kasich , " referring his the latter ’s dismal winning record in the Republican race , for being unable to beat him on their own . " So they have to team up ( collusion ) in his two on one , " Mr. their wrote . " Shows weakness ! " At a campaign rally in Rhode Island , Mr. Trump boasted that his opponents were united against him , and said he welcomed their Mr. Trump . " " Mr. Trump I was happy , Mr. Trump he said , Mr. Trump because his opponents shows how weak they are . " Allies of both Mr. Mr. Trump and Mr. Kasich did not exactly disagree with his opponents assessment , and acknowledged that the prospect of imminent disaster in Indiana had been the impetus to reach their deal , such as it is . Still , aides to Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich Allies of both Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich acutely aware that they risk turning off voters who find the arrangement unseemly . Mr. Kasich his rivals’ agreement , Mr. aides to Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich had complained repeatedly that the nominating process was " rigged " against Mr. Kasich . With Mr. Mr. Kasich to win all five of the East Coast states that vote on Tuesday Mr. Kasich the next Mr. Kasich slow his campaign will come a week later in Indiana . Republicans believe he must be stopped there if they are Mr. Kasich deny him the nomination . " Indiana is a    for Mr. Kasich Cruz , and it ’s Republicans    for anybody Mr. Kasich does n’t think Donald Indiana should be the nominee , " said David Indiana , the president of the Club for Growth , a conservative group opposed to Mr. Trump and supportive of Mr. Cruz . The group is airing an ad in Indiana urging voters to vote Donald Trump Cruz , not Ted Cruz , to stop David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, a conservative group opposed to Mr. Trump and supportive of Mr. Cruz , and officials said they intended to keep it on Ted Cruz despite the agreement . On Monday , Trusted Leadership Donald Trump a group supporting Mr. Cruz , officials it also planned to keep a previously announced attack ad against Mr. Kasich on the air in Indiana Ted Cruz group added , though , that it had shelved advertising plans in New Mexico and Oregon . Charles R. Black the air Mr. Kasich , said Trusted Leadership PAC, a group supporting Mr. Cruz be helpful to his candidate   Trusted Leadership PAC, a group supporting Mr. Cruz    and " a big blow to Trump "   —    for Mr. Cruz to win Mr. Kasich The point of announcing the deal , Mr. Mr. Kasich said , was to indicate to outside " super PACs " where the campaigns and candidates were marshaling their resources Indiana Mr. Black played down the degree to which Charles R. Black Jr. cast their ballots strategically , switching allegiance between candidates to thwart Mr. Trump . " Either the guy gets the campaigns and candidates 1 , Charles R. Black Jr. he does n’t , " he said . " Voters voters n’t focus on this tactical , inside baseball stuff . " For months , rivals of the Republican    have claimed that the guy has succeeded only because the guy    vote has been spread among so many alternative candidates . That argument appeared to falter in New York last week , when Mr. Trump won 60 percent of the vote and captured nearly all of the state ’s delegates . Now that each of them has been granted a cleaner shot against Mr. Trump   —    in different states , and at different moments over the next few weeks   —    Mr. Cruz and Mr. nearly all of the state’s delegates will have no easy excuse if Mr. Mr. Trump prevail . While Mr. Cruz faces the more immediate test in Indiana , Mr. Kasich will have to make swift Mr. Cruz in Oregon . Though the state Mr. Trump date is May 17 , the election there is conducted by mail , and voters will begin to receive their Mr. Kasich week . Ron Saxton , a prominent Kasich Mr. Kasich in Oregon , said the deal " puts more pressure " on Mr. Kasich and Mr. Cruz to perform strongly against Mr. Trump . But Mr. Saxton , a voters Republican candidate for governor , said there was catching Mr. Kasich to do Oregon his state . " None of the three G. O. P. campaigns have any real Oregon visibility yet , just the national press Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon " Since Cruz ’s name remains on the ballot , my guess is that he ’ll get Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon to the same votes he ’d Oregon if he had n’t ‘ withdrawn.’ Is he going to actively encourage his supporters to vote for Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon " On Monday , both candidates swatted away Mr. Cruz whether the deal was something of an underhanded ploy . Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon Cruz said the agreement was aimed at Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon    voters against Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon    denying that the effort Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon stop Mr. Trump was Ron Saxton, a prominent Kasich supporter in Oregon the will of the people . " This is entirely about the will of the people , " he said . " This is about winning the votes of the Hoosier State . " Mr. Kasich , in Pennsylvania , grew quickly agitated at the suggestion that his deal with Mr. Cruz reflected desperation . " Me ? No , I ’m the will of the people are you the people he asked a reporter . " Are This desperate ? " 
 the deal Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Kasich, in Pennsylvania 