Hartford , Wisconsin ( CNN ) Tiffany Koehler was raised in foster care , is biracial , a veteran and a cancer survivor . Tiffany Koehler also is a former candidate for the Wisconsin state legislature . Tiffany Koehler ran as a Republican and once was   . Today Tiffany Koehler says Tiffany Koehler supports it     mostly .   Tiffany Koehler biggest objection remains the mandate that individuals must obtain health insurance coverage . " We all want to thrive , " said Koehler , " and make America great again , as ( President Donald Trump ) says , but We all ca n’t do that if We all ’re struggling to pay bills . "   " People have to be able to get to People doctors . People have to be able to get People medicine , " said Koehler , " and out of any country in the world we should be doing it . "   Two years ago , after losing her job , her did something her always had wanted to do her ran for a seat in the Wisconsin State Assembly . her lost , and in the aftermath of that disappointment , got some awful news     her had cancer . Koehler had been diagnosed with    lymphoma .    " I was Stage 4 . My prognosis was poor . I was n’t supposed to survive , " her said . ’   implications’   When her lost her job her got health insurance through the Affordable Care Act marketplace . But her soon found that the $ 400 monthly bill was too high for someone who was unemployed .   So her dropped Obamacare and opted for Medicaid , under Wisconsin ’s BadgerCare Plus program . BadgerCare Plus program ’s the only state in the US to adopt federal guidelines for Medicaid expansion but not accept federal money .    Koehler , recently was diagnosed with a thyroid condition possibly related to her cancer and still has three years of monitoring before her can be declared cancer free . In all her care and treatment so far has cost more than $ 1 million . her has a message for Congress and President Trump as Congress and President Trump press ahead with repealing President Obama ’s signature legislation . " They can be celebratory in Washington " but , her said , " it ’s going to have    implications and They have to realize that . " Dick Woodruff , who lobbies Congress on behalf of the American Cancer Society ’s Cancer Action Network , said under the current Republican proposal   a    cancer survivor making around $ 50 , 000 a year could expect to pay at least $ 1 , 000 monthly for treatment     far above the $ 400 Koehler was paying in the Obamacare market .   Dick Woodruff, who lobbies Congress on behalf of the American Cancer Society probably would qualify for a partial tax refund at the end of the year , but the     expense would likely be substantially more under the plan Congress is considering . " The lowest income individuals who currently receive premium subsidies , " said Woodruff , " are going to be losers because The lowest income individuals who currently receive premium subsidies ’re going to get fewer subsidies . " Many with cancer rely on Medicaid , cancer also said Medicaid recipients     the poorest and most vulnerable     will likely also suffer over time .    The Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act covered some 11 million Americans     but estimates by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities calculate the current Republican plan would cut $ 560 billion from the federal Medicaid program over the next decade .   Woodruff said today there are about 1 . 5 million Americans with cancer relying on Medicaid , many of cancer relying on Medicaid children .    Under the current Republican proposal " the current Republican proposal ’s quite possible that as states begin to lose money . .. and begin to change the enrollment requirements or eligibility requirements , particularly for single adults , some of those people could be dropped . " Koehler was born to a mother with mental illness , cycled through 19 foster homes by the time she was an adult and served 14 years in the Wisconsin National Guard . For she , surviving cancer and losing a political race were bumps in the road .   she wants to write a book about she experiences to inspire others . " Maybe down the road , " she said , " when there ’s an open seat I will run and win . " 
 