Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . Voters in Wisconsin are casting Voters in Wisconsin ballots as the Badger State will have election night all to the Badger State . Polls close a 9 p. m. EST . There 86 delegates at stake for Democrats ( 19 for statewide winner and 67 delegates awarded proportionally in the state ’s Congressional districts ) and 42 delegates for Republicans ( 18 for statewide winner and 3     delegates for each of the Badger State ’s eight Congressional districts ) .   —    10:52 : Trump on pace to win two Congressional districts and get six delegates : If the numbers hold , Cruz will have    edge over Trump in Wisconsin delegates ,   —    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:50 : In a scathing statement , Trump Trump in Wisconsin Cruz Cruz " Trojan horse " for the establishment and " worse than a puppet . " Trump Trump in Wisconsin scathing statement about loss in WI , says Cruz Cruz a " Trojan horse " for establishment . pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:45 : GOP winning turnout battle : GOP GOP running well ahead of the Democrats , 542k to 466k ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:44 : Sanders says he Sanders a path to victory and the White House . 10:35 : Sanders Sanders about how he Sanders on the front lines in the battle for raising the minimum wages before states started to wage the minimum wage to $ . Sanders Sanders we can change the status quo when we we vision and think big . Then he Sanders he Sanders " not naive " and knows about how Wall Street , Washington , and the corporate media are against working families . Sanders Sanders " we will pass gay marriage in 50 states . " 10:31 : Sanders Sanders how we can build the infrastructure of    but we we n’t rebuild our we crumbling infrastructure . Sanders Sanders the American people are asking " why ca n’t we the American people a campaign finance system which is corrupt and undermining American democracy . " 10:25 : Sanders Sanders real change always takes place from the bottom on up and never takes place from the top down . 10:22 : Clinton ( no primetime events for her Clinton ) congratulates Sanders Sanders Congrats to @BernieSanders on winning Wisconsin . To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign : Forward !     —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:20 : Sanders Sanders the people of Wisconsin Wisconsin their the people of Wisconsin support and he Sanders with out victory tonight , we have won seven out of the last eight caucuses and primaries . He Sanders , to paraphrase Lincoln , his Sanders is " of the people , by the people , and for the the people " Cruz quotes JFK , Sanders quotes Lincoln Lincoln   —    Michael Beschloss ( @BeschlossDC ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:18 : Sanders says Sanders is starting a campaign    points behind Hillary Clinton and now being either a point up or down in national polls against Clinton . Hillary Clinton says Sanders is " we are defeating Donald Trump by very significant numbers . " 10:16 : In Wyoming , a victorious Sanders was told that Sanders were about 5 , 000 people who participated in the last Wyoming caucuses and " Wyoming looks like all of them are here tonight about 5, 000 people who participated in the last Wyoming caucuses Thank you . " Take a look at this packed crowd for @BernieSanders in Laramie , Wyoming on his Wisconsin Wyoming win night . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:06 : Cruz ends by saying , " Hillary , get ready . Here we come ! " 10:05 : Cruz praises his wife Cruz says Heidi is teaching their daughters every day that strong women can accomplish anything . He says Wisconsin has his clear that " we are free to choose . " Cruz says he looks Cruz to Cruz to Wisconsin in the fall Wisconsin painting the Badger State bright red . WATCH : @tedcruz on wife Heidi : " I may be biased , but is n’t she going to make wife Heidi amazing first lady ? " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 6 , 2016 ,   10:01 : He says the next Cruz is about jobs , security and freedom . And he mentions that    Cruz wrote Free to Choose and explained that the American free enterprise system has been the greatest engine for opportunity and prosperity that the world has ever seen . He says if we Friedman Washington out to the way , " there is no limit to what we can accomplish . we 10:00 : Cruz also says that instead of negotiating with terrorists , he will rip to Cruz the Iranian deal . [ Cruz is basically giving Cruz stump speech and Cruz adding anything new for such an important " turning point " speech . ] 9:58 : Cruz vows to secure Cruz border and end sanctuary cities . He says truck drivers Cruz plumbers , and other    worker will see wages raising . 9:57 : Cruz says Wisconsin has Cruz lit a candle " tonight to guide Americans forward . 9:54 : Cruz says tonight was Cruz " bad night for Hillary Clinton " in the Democratic primary and it was an even " worse night for her in the Republican Hillary Clinton " because he can best defeat her . Cruz says Hillary Clinton is Cruz because Cruz is uniting the Cruz Party . the Republican Party five Cruz the 17 candidates who ran for the nomination have endorsed his campaign . 9:51 Cruz Cruz claims the media Cruz Wisconsin was the " perfect state for Donald Trump " even though Trump was behind Cruz even before Donald Trump Cruz the race . Cruz says he has Cruz victorious Cruz four different states —   Utah , Colorado , North Dakota , and Wisconsin . Cruz says his campaign Wisconsin raised Cruz than $ 2 million just today . 9:49 : " God Bless the great state of Wisconsin , " Cruz says . Wisconsin Cruz tonight is a " God point " and a " rallying cry " and a call from the men and women of Wisconsin to the people of America Wisconsin we have a " real choice . " Cruz says the national Cruz terrain began to change two weeks ago in Utah . 9:45 : A beaming Cruz is Cruz deliver Cruz victory speech in Wisconsin . Cruz takes the stage at Cruz Wisconsin victory party : " Cruz means we ’re nice but we ’re Wisconsin pushovers . " pic . twitter we    —    Sean Sullivan ( @WaPoSean ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:22 : Cruz , Sanders Projected to win Wisconsin Cruz   BREAKING : Ted Cruz is the Wisconsin winner of Cruz GOP primary . More : https :   . Wisconsin # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) April 6 , 2016 ,   Fox News projects Bernie Sanders winner of Wisconsin Democratic primary .   ( Sanders   — Wisconsin FOX News Radio ( @foxnewsradio ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:20 : Unlike in Southern states , strong support for Cruz among white Evangelical voters in Wisconsin : Over    of GOP # WIprimary voters who Wisconsin as white evangelicals chose @TedCruz : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Salvanto ( @SalvantoCBS ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:18 : Clinton not doing as well with Northern blacks : Exits have Sanders winning the white vote    over Clinton   …      Clinton wins black voters   . 84 Clinton of WI Dems Clinton white , just 9 % black .   —    Harry Enten ( @ForecasterEnten ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:15 : Clinton still having trouble with young voters : Exit polls show Clinton    young Dem # WIprimary voters chose @BernieSanders : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:02 : How Wisconsin ’s Dems . feel about   : # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 6 , 2016 ,   9:00 : Polls closed in Wisconsin . Race is too early to call on the GOP Wisconsin , but CNN ’s exit poll has Cruz leading with 47 % followed by Trump Trump in Wisconsin % and Kasich with 14 % . Sanders leads Sanders 55 % % in CNN ’s exit polls . 8:20 : Clinton of the race before CNN Wisconsin awards its delegates : 42 delegates the race stake in the GOP Wisconsin WIprimary State of the race Here is where the candidates stand : https :   .   pic . the 17 candidates who ran for the nomination    —    Anthony Salvanto ( @SalvantoCBS ) April 5 , 2016 ,   86 delegates are at stake in the Dem # WIprimary . Here is where the candidates stand : https : the GOP #WIprimary . twitter the 17 candidates who ran for the nomination —    Anthony Salvanto ( @SalvantoCBS ) April 5 , 2016 ,   8:13 : Policy Wonk Newt wishes Trump had Trump in Wisconsin policy speeches a month ago . He says the one substantive speech he has given —   Trump ’s AIPAC address —   was Policy Wonk Newt effective and people would feel Policy Wonk Newt assured with his candidacy after he gives his policy addresses . Gingrich says that Trump is Trump in Wisconsin a " rookie Policy Wonk Newt " in Policy Wonk Newt Super Policy Wonk Newt . Gingrich on Policy Wonk Newt ’s Trump in Wisconsin to give more policy speeches : " I wish he had done it Policy Wonk Newt ago " https :   .    —    Robert Costa ( @costareports Policy Wonk Newt April 6 , 2016 ,   8:05 : Wisconsin Dems . want a Wisconsin who is " honest and trustworthy . " Nearly Dems # WIprimary voters said " honest   trustworthy " most imp . candidate quality https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) April 6 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Wisconsin GOP electorate very " Never Trump Trump in Wisconsin But Cruz must meet the high bar Wisconsin GOP ’s Dana Cruz revealed that the " Never Trump " SmartSet folks are biting their nails CNN they wait for Wisconsin ’s results : The Wisconsin Wisconsin electorate Wisconsin be among most ’Never Trump’ we ’ve Never Trump" SmartSet folks :   Never Trump" SmartSet folks   GOP . twitter .    —    Chris Cillizza ( CNN ) April 6 , 2016 ,   7:32 : On MSNBC , Chris Matthews slams a Sanders surrogate when she says she Sanders no idea where the money will come from to pay for Sanders ’s " free college " Sanders . Chris Matthews says Chris Matthews there ’s no free lunch . " 7:16 : Wisconsin ’s Lieutenant Gov. says she Wisconsin for Cruz today : Chris Matthews IVoted for jobs , freedom Wisconsin @tedcruz # TEDCRUZ2016 See u @ the # victory party Wisconsin’s Lieutenant Gov. ! pic . twitter . tonight —    Rebecca Kleefisch ( @RebeccaforReal ) April 5 , 2016 ,   7:15 : If Trump pulls off the upset , it may be game over : . @rickklein Donald Trump " If [ Trump ] wins in # Wisconsin he is then going to steamroll through the Donald Trump of the primaries . Wisconsin # Greta Wisconsin twitter .    —    Fox News [Trump] wins in #Wisconsin @FoxNews ) April 5 , 2016 ,   7:10 : On Fox News , Greta Van Susteren said there are many voters who are a bit sheepish Fox News declaring that they are voting for Trump ( perhaps because they do n’t want to face blowback ) but told Donald Trump that they were going to do so . It ’s an interesting thing to think they considering some of the negative polling about Trump , Greta Van Susteren Trump in Wisconsin they voters . 7:06 : Trump ahead among independents , but Cruz is leading among Evangelicals , according to Fox News Cruz Evangelicals : "   percent said they were supporting Cruz , while 35 percent Fox News for Trump . Cruz 11 percent said they back Ohio Gov. John Kasich . " Donald Trump : percent Trump , meanwhile , led with 43 percent support among independents , followed closely Donald Trump Cruz Just 11 percent 38 percent . " 7:00 : Interesting take Cruz Kirsten Powers : . @KirstenPowers : " Trump does n’t Trump in Wisconsin to have really been damaged that badly with women . " # WisconsinPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 5 , 2016 ,   6:36 : In response to President Barack Fox News comments about Trump ’s " Trump in Wisconsin immigration plan to make Mexico pay for the border wall ,   Trump ’s Senior Trump in Wisconsin Stephen Miller tells CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer that " it ’s good evidence that the president has spent too much time in recent years with very rich CNN interests " and " not enough time with working Americans . " 6:28 : Democrats President Barack Obama want " experience " while Republicans want someone from outside of the political establishment : EXIT POLL : What are Wisconsin voters Wisconsin for in the next president ? # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress Wisconsin April 5 #Decision2016 ,   6:25 : Democrats and Republicans again President Barack Obama page on trade . According to exit polls , 33 % of GOP primary voters say trade creates jobs while 54 % believe it takes jobs away from Americans . On the left GOP 38 % of Democrats say trade creates jobs while 45 % believe it takes away jobs from U. S. workers . 6:10 : More Democrats identify as " very liberal " compared to 2008 : EXIT POLL : This cycle , more Dem primary voters in Wisc . identify as " very liberal " compared to 2008 . # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 5 , #Decision2016   6:07 : Exit poll : 31 % of GOP primary voters " very conservative . " EXIT POLL : 31 % of Wisconsin GOP primary voters identity as " very GOP . " # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the GOP GOP ) Wisconsin 5 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Dem . primary voters split on who would make better    . Majority believe Sanders more inspirational but Sanders also think Clinton has best chance of defeating Trump : 56 % Trump in Wisconsin Dem voters see Bernie Sanders as more inspirational Sanders candidates 55 % Clinton Clinton has better chance to beat Trump .   —    Trump in Wisconsin News Wisconsin @ABCPolitics ) April 5 , 2016 ,   Per CBS Clinton polls in Wisconsin Clinton   Sanders run even on who would Sanders the better    : Clinton 50 % Sanders 48 %   —    Sanders Atwood ( Clinton ) April Wisconsin , 2016 ,   5:34 : Dem . primary Clinton in Wisconsin not too diverse : Early exit polls : 84 % of Democratic # WIPrimary voters are white https :   .   https :   .    — Wisconsin CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) April 5 , 2016 ,   More than 80 percent of Wisconsin Dem voters are white , per CNN exit polls Clinton camp bound to seize on that if Bernie wins ,   —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) Wisconsin , 2016 ,   Clinton : Seven CNN 10 GOP primary voters in Wisconsin support Trump ’s proposal for a Trump in Wisconsin ban . According to ABC News , " Trump ’s won 47 percent GOP Trump in Wisconsin in previous states , vs. Cruz ’s Wisconsin percent , but Cruz was much Fox News Trump among these voters Cruz some recent Trump in Wisconsin , notably Cruz North Carolina and Missouri . " 5:30 : Exit polls : Wisconsin GOP Seven in 10 GOP primary voters in Wisconsin Cruz has best chance to defeat Clinton in the fall : According to ABC , Cruz more than four Seven in 10 GOP primary voters in Wisconsin Exit voters think Cruz GOP the best chance Wisconsin beat Clinton . Only Clinton third think Trump ’s Cruz the best shot , Trump in Wisconsin than two in 10 say it ’s Kasich . Wisconsin 5:28 : Exit Trump in Wisconsin Clinton More than six in 10 GOP voters in Wisconsin think illegal immigrants should be given a path to legal status and a third support deporting illegal Exit . 5:25 : According to Ohio Gov. John Kasich , GOP % of GOP Wisconsin primary voters decided Wisconsin the last last week and 67 % before that . The GOP primary electorate : 65 % Republicans , 6 % Democrats , GOP CNN independents .    Wisconsin Wisconsin from Wisconsin exit polls : Trump voters say   GOP that   delegate plurality should win nomination in WI prelim exits . Other voters ?   % say let delegates decide .   —    Ryan Wisconsin ( @ryanstruyk ) April 5 , 2016 ,   67 % of Wisconsin Dem voters say they are liberals in prelim exits . It was only 46 % in 2008 and Obama won them by 14 points .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) April Wisconsin 2016 ,   5:22 :     in dead heat in Reuters national poll : 67% of Wisconsin Dem voters : Wisconsin Exit Polls : Economy and Government Spending Top Issues for President Barack Obama : More @CBSNews WI Exit Poll : Sharing values and bringing change are the candidate qualities that mattered most to Republican primary voters .   —    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) April 5 , 2016 ,   NEW @CBSNews exit polls : the economy and govt spending are top issues for R WI voters ,   —    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) April 5 , 2016 ,   5:08 : Wisconsin Exit Polls : Economy and Income Inequality top issues for Democrats : More : The economy and income inequality are the top issues for Democratic primary voters in Wisconsin .   —    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) April 5 Wisconsin 2016 ,   4:55 : Clinton claims Trump actually said what Republicans really think re Trump in Wisconsin punishing women for abortions and says " I believe the values of New York are the values of Clinton . " 4:41 : Trump is reportedly planning a series of policy Trump in Wisconsin after Wisconsin . 4:36 : At her town hall event , Clinton slams Trump : HRC on Trump in BK : " The fellow who Trump in Wisconsin from New York ? I wish he ’d get Clinton of Wisconsin of his Clinton and actually walk the streets of Trump in Wisconsin city "   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 5 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Hillary Clinton , ladies and gentlemen : Hillary New York said feminism is " fleek . "   —    Brian Abrams ( @BrianAbrams ) April 5 , 2016 Clinton 4:20 : Jane Sanders in Wyoming Clinton asks @janeosanders in Wyoming : " have you done any fashion shoots like Melania Trump has ? ? "   — Trump in Wisconsin Hunt ( @kasie ) April 5 , 2016 ,     Jane Sanders campaigning for husband @BernieSanders in Cheyenne , Wyoming pic . twitter .    —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie Wyoming April 5 , 2016 ,   4:05 : It may all come down to California : As long as Trump appears to lead in California , his hopes Trump in Wisconsin Jane Sanders in Wyoming alive https :   Trump in Wisconsin    —    Wyoming Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 5 , 2016 ,   3:54 : In an appearance on CNN , establishment Republican strategist Alex Castellanos describe the establishment ’s distaste with Ted Cruz , saying Cruz is like California " escort you hire " to take you to Cruz " when you Cruz n’t get a date . CNN 3:50 : Supreme Court denies request from D. C. Madam ’s attorney to release client info that she said would   have an impact on the 2016 election : The U. S. Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a request from a lawyer who once represented a woman known as the " DC Madam " to release records from her famous escort service . Those records include such sensitive information as Madam’s names , Social Security numbers and addresses —    information the Supreme Court , has said could affect the 2016 presidential election . The    DC Madam Deborah Jeane Palfrey ran a    escort service in the Washington D. C.   Madam’s a number of years records eventual conviction . She died in 2008 .    3:45 : Mainstream media do n’t pile on Sanders though for such disastrous interviews : Brutal : " Sanders pressed to get beyond his rhetoric on evils of corporate America and Wall Street Sanders Sanders struggled . " https :   .    — Sanders Dylan Byers ( The   DC Madam Deborah Jeane Palfrey ) April 5 The   DC Madam Deborah Jeane Palfrey 2016 ,   3:10 : After Ford confirms it is moving its plant to Mexico , Trump slams the move as an " absolute disgrace Trump in Wisconsin " . America on Ford confirming it will build a plant in Mexico . This is a frequent topic of his on the trail . pic . twitter .    Sanders    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) Mexico 5 , Ford ,   Ford is going to build a factory in Mexico , moving    production away from the U. S. Mexico Ford   Ford   pic . twitter .    —    Los Angeles Times ( @latimes ) April 5 , 2016 ,   3:05 : After golfing with President Obama , Aaron Rodgers showing Kasich some support ? Mexico Ford . Depending on how the rest of his year goes . # WINconsin https :   .    —    Aaron Rodgers ( @AaronRodgers12 ) April 5 , 2016 , 3:00 : CNN ’s Jason Carroll said President Barack Obama one Ohio Gov. John Kasich location , most Ohio Gov. John Kasich people who were deciding between Trump and Cruz Ohio Gov. John Kasich him they ended up voting Trump in Wisconsin : Trump predicts a " big surprise " tonight while Cruz declared CNN Trump in Wisconsin if he wins Wisconsin Cruz Aaron Rodgers , " Sanders ’re on our way Sanders the White House . " Sanders told a Janesville rally yesterday that if he wins Wisconsin and wins Sanders York , " we ’re on our Jason Carroll the people who were deciding between Trump and Cruz the White House Wisconsin "   —    Bob Costantini ( @CostantiniWW1 ) April 5 , 2016 ,   New York : Donald Trump makes a    pitch to voters Wisconsin predicts a ’big we Wisconsin : https :   .    —    The Associated Press ( New York April 5 , 2016 ,   2:35 : Record turnout is expected . we and Cruz the White House out the vote : # Wisconsin : Trump in Wisconsin voting location Wisconsin https :   .   # MakeAmericaGreatAgain Cruz TrumpTrain 🚂 💨 💨 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Eric Trump ( @EricTrump ) April 5 , 2016 ,   # ChooseCruz Wisconsin the polls close tonight in Wisconsin : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) April 5 , 2016 , 
 Cruz Wisconsin 