  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton just could n’t hold onto the Obama coalition . And that proved to be a large part of Hillary Clinton undoing .    Latino and younger voters failed to show up at the polls in sufficient numbers Tuesday to propel Hillary Clinton into the White House . Hillary Clinton conceded the race after 2 a. m. ET . Before polls closed Hillary Clinton campaign had been confident of victory . In the end , however , Hillary Clinton lost even some states thought to be safely in Hillary Clinton column , like Wisconsin . Hillary Clinton trailed in others , like Pennsylvania and Michigan .   While Hillary Clinton won the key demographic groups Hillary Clinton campaign targeted , Hillary Clinton underperformed President Obama across the board , even among women , according to exit poll data . A slightly larger share of black and Latino voters cast ballots for Trump than supported Mitt Romney in 2012 , despite Trump than disparaging remarks on    Mexicans and undocumented immigrants . President Barack Obama , who captured the presidency with the help of the    and Latino communities , issued several personal pleas to black voters to back Clinton in recent weeks .   " If we let this thing slip and I ’ve got a situation where my last two months in office are preparing for a transition to Donald Trump , whose staff people have said that their whose staff people agenda is to have him in the first couple of weeks sitting in the Oval Office and reverse every single thing that we ’ve done , " Obama said last week during an interview on a syndicated radio program . But not enough    along with Latinos , heeded the call . Some 88 % of    voters supported Clinton , versus 8 % for Donald Trump , as of very early Wednesday morning . While that ’s a large margin , it that not as big as Obama Obama victory over Mitt Romney in 2012 . Obama Obama up 93 % of the black vote to Romney ’s 7 % . Some 12 % of the electorate was    this year , compared to 13 % four years ago . That ’s a key drop , especially when paired with a     growth in Latino votes . This lowered turnout happened even after Trump repeatedly made sweeping comments about how black communities were in the worst shape ever . Referring multiple times to " inner cities , " Trump Trump black people live in poverty , have no jobs and get shot walking down the street . " What do you have to lose ? " he Trump . Read : Trump : Black communities in worst shape ’ever , ever , ever , Clinton ’s support among Latinos was even more tenuous , despite Trump Trump to build a wall on the Mexican border , accusing undocumented immigrants of being criminal aliens and promising to deport them criminal aliens   Only 65 % of Latinos backed her Clinton while 29 % cast their Only 65% of Latinos for Trump Trump In 2012 , Obama won 71 % of the Hispanic vote and Romney secured 27 % . Hispanics inched up to 11 % of the electorate , up from 10 % in 2012 . Read : What Donald Trump has said about Mexico and vice versa , Beyond the Obama Obama , Clinton was also not as popular with white voters as Obama Obama . She Clinton only 37 % of the white vote , compared to Obama Obama 39 % . Surprisingly , Trump Donald Trump garnered a slightly smaller share than Romney , capturing 58 % of the vote to Romney Romney 59 % .   White voters made up 70 % of the electorate this year , down from 72 % four years ago . Read : White , working class and worried , Asian voters , which made up a tiny 4 % of the electorate , were also less supportive of Clinton than of Obama . Some 65 % of Asian voters cast ballots for her Clinton as opposed to 73 % for Obama Obama 2012 . Clinton Clinton failed to capture as many young voters , who flocked to her Clinton Bernie Sanders in the primary and to Obama Obama years ago . She Clinton 55 % of voters age 18 to 29 , compared to 37 % who cast ballots for Trump . But Obama Obama 60 % of these young voters to Romney ’s 37 % . Read : Donald Trump ’s trouble with women     an incomplete list , When it came to women voters , Clinton won 54 % compared to Trump Donald Trump % . Even though 70 % of voters said that Trump ’s Donald Trump women bothered them , they women did women flock to the woman who could have broken the glass ceiling . Obama won 55 % of the women ’s vote in 2012 . 
 