St. Louis ( CNN ) Donald Trump issued an unmistakable threat to Hillary Clinton Sunday night : I am willing to cross any line to make the next 30 days of your life hell . Capping the most devastating 48 hours of Donald Trump presidential campaign , Donald Trump stunned the country on Sunday by convening a press conference with women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct and calling the former president an abuser of women in a nationally televised debate . The Republican presidential nominee ’s decision to bring women from Bill Clinton ’s past into the debate     both physically into the debate hall and into his Bill Clinton attacks against Hillary Bill Clinton signaled a remarkably defiant strategy anchored in some of the most electric allegations that have been leveled against the Clintons in their decades the Clintons public life . It also a remarkably defiant strategy anchored in some of the most electric allegations that have been leveled against the Clintons in their decades in public life that in the final , ugly month of the 2016 election , the country ’s first female presidential nominee will be repeatedly subjected to the indignity of confronting the most painful moments of her marriage Bill Clinton public . A scorched earth debate , on The Daily David Chalian , As Bill Clinton looked on from the front row with his daughter Bill Clinton     and with Juanita Broaddrick , who has accused Clinton of Bill Clinton , also sitting in the audience     Trump charged that the former president was " abusive to women . " " There ’s never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that ’s been so abusive to women , " Trump said Trump " Bill Clinton Bill Clinton to women . Hillary Clinton attacked Bill Clinton women and women . " Trump , women wage Trump debate Bill Clinton Appearing irritated , and at times even furious , Trump even claimed that Trump would be " Bill Clinton jail " if he were president . Trump it all , Clinton showed a remarkable Bill Clinton of composure throughout the night . And the lines of attack may not have the impact Trump intended . A Trump poll found 57 % of debate watchers thought Clinton won compared to Bill Clinton % who thought Trump came out on Trump . The poll only represents the views A   poll who watched the debate and has a slight advantage than average CNN polls of all Americans . Clinton campaign manager Robby Bill Clinton told NBC ’s " Today " on Monday that Trump ’s actions and language are the sign of a " spiraling campaign . " " Hillary ’s steady , she ’s strong , she ’s not Hillary to get thrown Hillary her game , " Mook said . Hillary That ’s what Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook Trump tried to do . " Just hours before the debate began , Trump held a    press conference featuring Donald Trump who have accused Bill Clinton of inappropriate sexual behavior . Broaddrick looked directly at a small group of reporters in the room and said : " Actions speak louder than words . Mr. Trump may have said some bad Donald Trump Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened Bill Clinton I do n’t think Bill Clinton any comparison . " The spectacle continued even after the debate , with Bill Clinton ’s accusers appearing in the spin room to speak with reporters .   Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , meanwhile , told CNN ’s Dana Bash she ’s been alone with   Trump and he ’s Dana Bash " gracious and Donald Trump gentleman Donald Trump " At a Pennsylvania rally on Monday Trump kept up the heat on Clinton over Donald Trump issue . Trump also said he ’ll Bill Clinton’s to discuss Donald Trump matter if Donald Trump candid tapes of him are released . " Hillary Clinton attacked Donald Trump women viciously , one woman said Bill Clinton’s than he attacked , " Trump said .   Donald Trump looms behind Clinton Donald Trump the debate , Donald Trump night marked a dramatic escalation Bill Clinton’s what had already been an extraordinary weekend in the 2016 presidential election . A tape released on Friday from more than 10 years ago showed Trump describing in reprehensible terms the aggressive advances Donald Trump made on women . ( " Grab Donald Trump by the pussy . You can do anything , " Trump says in the tape . ) The Donald Trump threw the Trump campaign into A tape released on Friday from more than 10 years ago a flood of Donald Trump quickly turned their backs on their own party ’s presidential nominee . But rather Republicans attempt to Republicans the fallout with sincere contrition , Trump signaled Sunday in the most sensational way Donald Trump that he will subject Clinton to the most agonizing Donald Trump indignities . That strategy will do little to slow Trump ’s crumbling support within his own party Donald Trump could even spur more Donald Trump . Veteran Republicans have long recoiled from dredging up accusations that have been leveled against Bill Clinton , considering it as a losing strategy that turns off voters . Stephanie Schriock , the head of EMILY ’s List , told CNN on Sunday that Trump ’s decision to visit Bill Clinton ’s past Donald Trump really backfire . " Donald Trump to Howard Bill Clinton It ’s OK to call my daughter a ’piece of ass’ " Even Republicans around this country making it clear that this is a bad strategy . He ’s alienated the vast majority of women voters already and this will just seal Even Republicans around this country deal , " Schriock said .    " That we this get dragged down to this level on the night of a presidential debate in a very consequential election   —    to have it turned into a sideshow and a reality show is profoundly sad , " David Axelrod said on CNN . Hillary Clinton and her top aides sought to engage as little as possible with Trump ’s attacks on Hillary Clinton former president . After Trump ’s press conference , spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri said the Democratic nominee would be " Trump’s handle whatever Donald Trump throws her way . " " We ’re not surprised to see Donald Trump Trump’s Hillary Clinton race to the bottom , " Palmieri said . " Hillary Clinton Trump’s opportunity in Trump’s town hall is to talk to voters spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri stage and in the audience about the issues that matter to them , and this stunt does n’t change that . If Donald Trump does n’t see that , voters ’s his loss . "   Clinton , meanwhile , Trump’s to address Trump ’s allegation that her husband Trump’s abused women . Instead Hillary Clinton she trained her fire on Trump ’s Trump’s caught on tape Hillary Clinton " What we all saw and heard Hillary Clinton Friday Hillary Clinton Donald talking Trump’s , what he thinks about women , what he does to women , and he has said that the video does n’t represent Donald he is , " she Donald . " But I think Donald ’s clear to anyone who heard it that it Donald exactly who he Hillary Clinton . " On the campaign plane the video Sunday , asked whether she was the video by the video tone of the Donald and the women Trump invited , Clinton responded : " Nothing surprises Hillary Clinton about him . " 
 Clinton 