Hamilton actor Brandon Victor Dixon says Hamilton actor Brandon Victor Dixon does not plan to apologize to Vice    Mike Pence for lecturing Vice    from the Broadway stage on Friday night . [ " There ’s nothing to apologize for , " Hamilton actor Brandon Victor Dixon said during a Monday appearance on CBS This Morning .   " The producers , the creators , and the cast , we recognize that Vice    is an inherently American story told by the definition of an American community we are men and women of different colors , creeds , and orientations , " Dixon said . " The resonant nature of the show throughout the world , throughout the global community , demands that we make statements when there are important issues facing us as a community , so us wanted to stand up and spread a message of love and of unity . " Pence was booed upon entering the Richard Rodgers Theater in New York City , where the popular Broadway musical is performed . Toward the end of the show , as Pence was exiting the Richard Rodgers Theater , Dixon demanded that Pence listen to his Dixon about how a " diverse America " is " alarmed and anxious " about the incoming Trump administration . " We Pence listen to his lecture about how a "diverse America" is "alarmed and anxious" about the incoming Trump administration sir Dixon are the diverse America America are alarmed and anxious that your the incoming Trump administration not protect us Pence listen to his lecture about how a "diverse America" is "alarmed and anxious" about the incoming Trump administration our Pence listen to his lecture about how a "diverse America" is "alarmed and anxious" about the incoming Trump administration , our Pence listen to his lecture about how a "diverse America" is "alarmed and anxious" about the incoming Trump administration , our parents , or defend us Pence listen to his lecture about how a "diverse America" is "alarmed and anxious" about the incoming Trump administration uphold our inalienable rights , " Dixon said .    Donald Trump criticized the cast of the show and demanded an apology on Twitter over the weekend . " The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The cast of the cast of the show last night to a very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! " Trump tweeted Saturday Donald Trump However , Pence said he was n’t Donald Trump Mike Pence the stunt and reportedly said the boos and cheers he received is Donald Trump what freedom sounds like . " Social media users were less forgiving , as # BoycottHamilton became a top trend on social media over the weekend . Nevertheless , Dixon said the cast of Hamilton had extended an invitation to Trump and Pence to meet and have a Mike Pence . " Art is meant to bring people together , " Dixon said , adding : " Dixon    Mike Pence , please , come have a conversation with us . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 