Washington ( CNN ) The US military is scrambling to explain an embarrassing    after The US military released video obtained from Sunday ’s raid in Yemen that turned out to have already been published online . A military spokesman acknowledged The US military was released without having been thoroughly analyzed . video obtained from Sunday’s raid in Yemen that turned out to have already been published online was meant to demonstrate the value of the weekend raid whose stated aim was to recover key intelligence about al Qaeda . But the footage released Friday morning actually consisted of video that was previously available to the public . The video obtained from Sunday’s raid in Yemen that turned out to have already been published online pulled because " we did n’t want to make it appear video obtained from Sunday’s raid in Yemen that turned out to have already been published online we were we to pass off old video , " said US Central Command spokesman Col . John Thomas . The mistake was due " to our lack we having time to properly analyze it . " " We were we to provide an example of some of the things recovered on the raid , " Thomas said John Thomas Thomas was John Thomas there was no pressure to release anything . He insisted John Thomas was CENTCOM ’S decision alone to put out the video and not an order from above . A second defense official agreed that there was no White House pressure . The official A second defense official the desire to get this out came from a subordinate Special Operations unit involved in the raid frustrated by the politicization and coverage of the mission . The Pentagon quickly approved the idea when broached by CENTCOM , the official added A second defense official White House official told White House was not involved in CNN Pentagon ’s decision to The Pentagon The Pentagon January raid in Yemen . The video that was released is nine video of the January raid in Yemen US CENTCOM officials . But the military said the footage , even if not fresh , was still of value . " It does not matter when the video was made . It is still illustrative of who video of the January raid in Yemen and what their intentions It , " said Capt . Jeff Davis , Pentagon they . Ahead of the botched video release , Thomas had said that " the videos are one example of the volumes of sensitive al Qaeda    information recovered during the operation . "   He added , " What was captured from the site has already Thomas insights into al Qaeda leadership , AQAP ( Al Qaeda of the Arabian Peninsula al Qaeda of exporting terror , and how they communicate . "    CENTCOM said the remainder of the recovered information al Qaeda leadership, AQAP (Al Qaeda of the Arabian Peninsula) remain classified . President Donald Trump will visit US Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida on Monday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced Friday . He said the President will receive briefings from military officials there and deliver White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer " President Donald Trump " address to US troops .    analysis has determined that several of the 14 AQAP operatives killed in the raid were terrorist network leaders and facilitators , according to CENTCOM . The dead include Sultan al Dhahab and    ’uf    two longstanding AQAP operational planners and weapons experts . An official at Central Command , which AQAP US military operations in the Middle East , described the clips as excerpts from " al Qaeda terrorist training videos , " saying the release offers " a first look " at what the military recovered . The information was seized from a staging area , propaganda center and logistics hub for AQAP ’s terrorist network this past weekend . The military said the operation , known as a " site exploitation " raid the military geared toward collecting as much intelligence on the terror group as possible to facilitate future raids and strikes against al Qaeda and prevent terror attacks around the world . In the wake of the Obama administration ’s raid that killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden , the military released videos that were among the al Qaeda documents and computers seized in that operation . The release of the new video clips comes as news has emerged regarding how the raid was authorized during the first days of Trump ’s presidency . Former National Security the Obama administration’s raid that killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden under President Barack Obama criticized what they said were the Trump White House ’s attempts to attribute the operation ’s approval to the Former National Security Council staff under President Barack Obama administration . The raid left one Navy SEAL dead , that operation and led to civilian casualties .    the Obama administration’s raid that killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden final approval for the raid because it required a presidential green light , but it was months Trump’s the making and the Obama administration’s raid that killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden at several levels Trump’s getting to the President ’s desk . Trump’s staffers , military officials and    Pentagon officials have said that the raid was also approved by commanders and Obama ’s defense secretary . Operational details , including the need the Obama administration’s raid that killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden moonless night , pushed the mission window back after January 20 . As US Navy SEALs and special forces from the UAE approached the al Qaeda compound in Yemen , they were detected . An intense firefight broke out that killed Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens and wounded US Navy SEALs and special forces from the UAE additional SEALs .   During the gun battle , which featured small arms fire , hand grenades and close air support strikes from US aircraft , al Qaeda fighters     including some female combatants     took up firing positions on the roof of a nearby building . As the US troops came under fire , they called in an airstrike against the building , which likely led to civilian casualties , military officials said . The the US troops is thought to be the most capable of al Qaeda ’s franchises . Besides the " shoebomber , " the US troops was also behind the 2013 Boston Marathon attack al Qaeda plot to put bombs on cargo planes bound for two Jewish the US troops the US and the deadly 2015 attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris . This story has been updated throughout to explain the    over the video released by CENTCOM . Updates will continue as more information is available . 
 