WASHINGTON   —    The chairman of the Republican National Committee has privately urged members of the party ’s rules committee not to make changes to the guidelines governing the presidential nominating process , an effort to avoid the appearance that the party’s is seeking to block Donald J. Trump from becoming its the party’s . The chairman , Reince Priebus , whom associates describe as increasingly frustrated by Mr. Donald J. Trump criticism of the    process , sent a text message last week to multiple rules committee members strongly suggesting that they not The chairman, Reince Priebus, whom associates describe as increasingly frustrated by Mr. Trump the convention rules when the the party’s next week for its spring the party’s in Florida , according to two who received the message . a text message a group of influential rules committee members held a conference call Thursday to prepare for the meeting and reached its spring meeting in Florida that they would derail any attempt a group of influential rules committee members the gathering to make changes to the how the convention is conducted , according to a committee member on the call . " We ’re not going to do anything with the rules next week , " said Rob Gleason , chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party and a longtime member of the rules committee . " There ’s no point because new rules will be written at the convention . " The the convention convention    is the sort of the convention business that rarely draws attention from even the most committed political enthusiasts . But with the prospect of a contested convention and a divisive    waging a    campaign against the party apparatus , issues of how individual states select their delegates and who can or can how individual states be placed in nomination have become a    drama . With Mr. Trump and his supporters on the lookout for any maneuvering that can be construed as a backdoor attempt to cheat him of the nomination ,    Republicans his little to be gained by tinkering with procedures that could well be disregarded before the July convention . While the standing rules committee of the party can set nominating guidelines , they are effectively only suggestions . It the party a rules committee comprising 112 delegates that actually writes the rules governing the convention , and those are only the July convention they are approved by a full vote of those the Republican delegates in Cleveland . Further , with 17 states still left to vote in the Republican primary campaign   —    and considerable uncertainty about whether and by how much Mr. Trump will fall short of attaining a delegate majority before the convention   —    it is not even clear what rule changes could be made now that would diminish his chances if party insiders even wanted to Mr. Trump the playing field . " What upside is there for us to muck around with the rules , " said Steve Duprey , the New Hampshire Republican committeeman and a rules committee member . The committee , under pressure to conduct a transparent campaign and irritated at Mr. Trump ’s claims of unfairness , is moving more aggressively to explain how the primary works and pointedly rebutting their own   . " The rules surrounding how the primary works delegate selection have been clearly laid out in every state and territory , and while each state is different , each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it , " Sean Spicer , a senior party official , wrote in a memo released to the public on Friday . " It ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules . " But Mr. Trump shows no sign of curbing his complaints , and his campaign appears to Mr. Trump only escalating its Mr. Trump . In an essay published in his campaign ’s Wall Street Journal , Mr. Trump argued that Senator Ted Cruz ’s Mr. Trump elect his supporters as delegates to Cleveland so they may Senator Ted Cruz’s him at a    convention after Senator Ted Cruz’s efforts to elect his supporters as delegates to Cleveland are no Senator Ted Cruz’s bound to the results of Senator Ted Cruz’s efforts to elect his supporters as delegates to Cleveland state ’s vote amounted to "   scheme Senator Ted Cruz’s efforts to elect his supporters as delegates to Cleveland " " Voter disenfranchisement is not merely part of the Cruz strategy   —    it is the Cruz strategy , " Mr. Trump wrote , inveighing against " ‘ ’ delegates who reject the decision of voters . " Mr. Trump ’s assault on the Republican Party and Mr. Trump process it oversees is seen by some in the party as the Republican Party makings of a strategy to gain the Republican Party with those delegates who will be unbound , and therefore political free agents , on the first ballot . These delegates could be pivotal if Mr. Trump narrowly falls short those delegates who will be unbound , 237 delegates Mr. Trump end of the primary season and needs a handful more to help him clinch the nomination on the first vote in Cleveland . Mr. Trump one leading Republican from a state that will send 54 unbound delegates to the convention suggested that such tactics would not be effective . " We ’re not playing beanbag , " said Mr. Gleason , the Pennsylvania chairman . " This is for president of the United States . " 
 