’   ’ "    Donald Trump suggested Ted Cruz ’s father had conspired to kill    John F. Kennedy . " ’      John F. Kennedy threatened to   Heidi . ’ "      John F. Kennedy sent a     especially compared to   Donald Trump third wife who , like Trump   Donald Trump    first wife , was a model . " ’    He   John F. Kennedy Cruz Ted Cruz’s   and questioned his   John F. Kennedy faith , noting ,    " not too many Evangelicals come out of Cuba , OK ? " ’ ’    When the National Enquirer   Trump issued a written statement saying he the National Enquirer  Trump    " no idea " whether the Enquirer story was true , then    adding " they were right about O. J. Simpson , John Edwards ,    and many others . " ’ ’    After all this , Ted Cruz endorsed Donald Trump for president . ’ ’    What a . ’ "    Back in July , when Cruz Ted Cruz the stage at the Republican National    Convention and pointedly refused to endorse Trump , I puzzled over    Cruz Ted Cruz choice , which struck me as politically disadvantageous and       not in line with Cruz Ted Cruz reputation as a man who would    say or do anything to become president . " ’ : ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    In four years , Ted Ted Cruz be remembered as the guy who said    Trump was Trump terrific " and " speaks the truth , " and who then said he    Trump     who knifed him at Ted Cruz back at the time when doing so did the most    to    the party’ ’s chances , and who then came back and endorsed    him at Ted Cruz last minute , all without ever getting an apology for    Trump’ ’s abuse of his family . ’ "    This does not seem like a track record that is likely to please    either Trump ’s fans or his detractors Trump " ’    Of course , Cruz can say he extracted Cruz promises from Trump , Trump including a written statement promising only to nominate Supreme    Court justices from a    list of . Such a promise would    seem valuable unless , of course , you believe Trump to Trump    " utterly amoral " and a " pathological liar . " ’ ’    Cruz should Cruz listened to : Donald Trump Trump you ,    but he    only Trump away your dignity if you let him or if Trump you are Jeb Bush . ’ ’    This endorsement will not help Ted Cruz become Cruz But it    has revealed This endorsement be a Cruz , unprincipled ,    undignified man who does    even care if another man calls    his father a murderer Cruz his wife ugly . Cruz 
 