’’ ’President Barack Obama in 2012 often invoked the freeing nature of Barack Obama " final " reelection effort.’ ’But on Wednesday , Barack Obama unofficially waded into what will be Barack Obama last campaign : getting Hillary Clinton elected president and preserving Barack Obama legacy.’ " Obama spent roughly an hour tearing apart presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s proposals in     fashion during a stop in Elkhart , Indiana . " " Obama homed in on Trump ’s economic plans and domestic policies without mentioning the mogul by name . " ’"If we turn against each other based on divisions of race or religion , if we fall for a bunch of ’’ ’’ just because it sounds funny or the tweets are provocative , then we’’re not going to build on the progress we started , " Obama said . " If we get cynical and just vote we fears , or if we don’’t vote at all , we won’’t build on the progress that we started . " ’ " The trip marks the start of what will be Obama ’s final mission : working to keep a Democrat in the White House once a Democrat leaves it in January . a Democrat has yet to endorse a Democratic candidate as the primary is still ongoing , although has   for the    nominee , Hillary Clinton , who served as a Democrat first secretary of state . " ’Obama has landed punches on Trump throughout the past few months , but ’Obama Wednesday speech was the first geared specifically toward the upcoming election.’ ’"If what you care about in this election is your pocketbook , if what you’’re concerned about is who will look out for the interests of working people and grow the middle class , if that’ ’s what you’’re concerned about   —    the economy   —    the debate is not even close , " Obama said.’ ’He specifically railed on Trump’ ’s proposal to dismantle the    law , asking the audience if the audience had " forgotten what just happened eight years ago " and calling it " crazy . " ’ ’"I don’’t care whether you’’re a Republican or a Democrat or an independent , " ’"I don’’t said . " Why would you do that ? Less oversight on Wall Street would only make another crisis more likely . How can you say you’’re for the middle class and then you want to tear down these rules ? " ’ ’"Don’’t think that actually this agenda is going to help you , " ’ ’"Don’’t continued . " It’ ’s not designed to help you . " ’ ’’ ’He used some of ’ ’"Don’’t most critical language of the election cycle to push back against ideas and proposals ’ ’"Don’’t said are promoted by the Republican Party   —    and Trump.’ ’"In today’ ’s economy , we can’’t put up walls around America , " ’ ’"Don’’t said . " We’’re not going to round up 11 million people , we’’re not going to put technology back in the box , we’’re not going to rip away    rights for women and minorities and Americans with disabilities . " ’ ’"These are permanent fixtures in our economy , and rolling ’ ’"These back will not help folks in Elkhart or anywhere else , " ’ ’"Don’’t continued , later adding that a Republican administration would lead to an economic disaster.’ ’He went on:’ ’’ ’A White House source   that Obama can’’t wait to " get people fired up " once the Democratic Party selects the Democratic Party presidential nominee . ’A White House source   said that Obama expects to " explode onto the scene " afterward and " knows his Obama " with the Democratic base.’ ’Obama delivered the speech at Concord Community High School , which was the site of his Obama major trip as president in 2009 . He Obama how the unemployment rate in Elkhart dropped dramatically from the Great Recession , when it the unemployment rate in Elkhart at 19 . 6 % to today , where it the unemployment rate in Elkhart at 4 . 1 % according to the US Office of Management and Budget.’ ’Republican National Committee spokesman Michael Short said in a statement following the speech that the president was " trying to convince voters his the president of weak growth , stagnant wages and a shrinking middle class is really a success story . " ’ ’President Barack Obama in 2012 often invoked . .. ’ 
 