WASHINGTON   —    It seemed like a chummy reunion between friends . Mr. Wallace , was chatting amiably in his studio here on Sunday with Paul J. Manafort , Donald J. Trump ’s new campaign chief , reminiscing about Ronald Reagan as the seconds ticked down to airtime . Then the cameras switched on . Mr. Wallace ’s tone sharpened as he pressed Mr. Manafort about his Mr. Wallace work Paul J. Manafort Filipino dictator Paul J. Manafort his description of Mr. Trump as playing Paul J. Manafort " part . " One halting answer was dismissed with a sly Wallace riposte : " Forgive me Mr. Wallace it does seem a little bit like spin . " By the time Mr. Manafort removed his microphone , tweets Paul J. Manafort about his Paul J. Manafort performance . Mr. Wallace , who Paul J. Manafort interviews to    shot a glance at his producer : success . As Fox News Paul J. Manafort with how to cover Mr. Trump   —    who has tested the network ’s influence and battled its anchors , even as he stokes its the network’s   —    Mr. Mr. Trump   has the network’s out as Fox ’s moderate , occasionally contrarian voice , irritating Mr. Trump with tough questions and , on Mr. Trump   tweaking his opinionated colleagues , too . When Mr. Trump Mr. Trump   in an interview to act more Mr. Trump   Mr. Wallace parried : " When are you going to Mr. Wallace " Then there was the time he ticked off Roger Ailes , Fox ’s powerful chairman , Mr. Wallace chastising the hosts of the Fox’s morning show , " Fox and Friends , " for their carping coverage of Senator Fox Obama in 2008 . " They Fox and Friends very unhappy , " Mr. Wallace recalled . " I Fox and Friends called them out on the Wallace " He added : " There ’s Fox and Friends phrase that we all talk about Wallace which is , ‘ You do not fire inside the tent.’ That ’s the ultimate transgression in Roger Ailes ’s mind . " Over eggs and tea here on Sunday , Mr. Wallace , whose " Fox News Sunday " is experiencing its highest ratings since starting 20 years ago this Sunday , did not Fox News to take his industry and even his network to task , saying that Mr. Trump Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" been granted too Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" exposure on cable news . " Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" put Donald Trump on for a rally now , and it ’s going to spike Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" , it ’s pretty hard if you ’re a news executive to say we , " it said . " Did everybody do it too much ? Yes . " Mr. Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" singled out CNN as a notable offender . Would he include Fox in Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" ? " Absolutely , " he replied . And asked Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" Fox Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday"    commentators , who often support the Republican Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" in presidential years , would Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" around a Trump candidacy , Mr. Wallace laughed . " That ’ll test it , wo n’t it ? " he Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" " I do n’t know . It ’ll be interesting to it . " Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" Wallace , 68 , is a registered Democrat   —    in order to vote in local Washington elections , he explains   —    and he spent decades as a correspondent on NBC and ABC before Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" Fox in 2003 . The Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" to Fox prompted him to review what he calls his " unexamined assumptions " about traditional network news Fox " Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" there ’s a Fox on Fox marriage , it ’s like this is a celebration of a new civil right , " Mr. Wallace said . " I ’m not saying I disagree with that . What I ’m Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" there are two sides to the story , and I do n’t think , generally speaking , the broadcast networks will portray both sides evenly . " Wry and punchy    Mr. Wallace has long had a rebellious streak . two sides to the story accused him in an interview of having Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" little smirk on your face " Newt Gingrich goaded a crowd Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" mocking him at a 2011 debate President Obama ’s refusal to appear on his show prompted Mr. Wallace to describe Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" administration as " crybabies . " ( Mr. Obama ended his drought President Obama month Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" an interview that Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" millions of viewers . ) In the Fox President Obama Washington on President Obama , Mr. Wallace could not resist making mischief . After grilling Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the Democratic National Committee chairwoman , Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" reassured her during a commercial break that the segment had gone fine . " It was clear you think Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" sucks , " Mr. Wallace said , earning a laugh from Ms. Schultz . Last summer , Mr. Trump lashed out at Mr. Wallace for Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" his bankruptcies during the first Republican debate . " Debbie Wasserman Schultz is only a tiny fraction Donald Trump Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" me , " Mr. Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" said afterward . That would be Mr. Wallace ’s father , Mike Donald Trump the famous correspondent whose legacy has been a complicated backdrop to his son Donald Trump . Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" the men were not close Chris Wallace still considers his stepfather , Bill Leonard , a former president of CBS News , as " Donald Trump father than my father Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" " Mike Wallace Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" stole an interview , with the comedian Chris Rock , away from his son the two did not speak for several months . Chris Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" there was a father when Mr. Trump ’s remark might have bothered him , Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" : " It does n’t anymore . " " At Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" , I realized , I was never going to be Mike Wallace , but Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" was anybody else , " he said . He and his father , who died in 2012 , bonded later in life Mr. Wallace Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" borrowed bits of his father ’s interviewing style , Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" tough questions Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" a Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" " Forgive me , " and occasionally placing a deferential arm Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" chest . " He ’s a Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" , smart , fairly quiet guy , who came up under a legend , " Mr. Ailes said in an interview . " Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" ’s now pretty Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" achieved what his old man did . " So what does Mr. Ailes make of Mr. Wallace ’s contention that news networks , including Fox , Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday"    Mr. Trump ? " Did Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" get too much coverage ? Yes , " Mr. Ailes said , after a pause . " Mr. Ailes other hand Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" it ’s not just cable news , but Mr. Wallace, whose "Fox News Sunday" news . " " The broadcast networks are just as guilty , " Mr. Ailes added , noting Mr. Ailes Trump , in addition to being the Republican    has been more accessible to the news media than his opponents . " When you go try to drag another candidate to talk about another serious Mr. Ailes day , he ’s not available , " Mr. Ailes said . Andrew Heyward , a former president of CBS News , praised Mr. Mr. Ailes for his tough interviews and for refusing to allow Mr. Trump to phone in to his Sunday show , an Mr. Ailes made by some other networks Mr. Ailes noted that Mr. Wallace ’s journalistic reputation provided another benefit to Fox . " Mr. Ailes the brilliance Mr. Ailes Ailes is he has a few people like that he can point to Mr. Ailes and say , ‘ What do you mean we are the Mr. Ailes spokesman of Mr. Ailes Party ? That ’s ridiculous,’ " Mr. Heyward Mr. Ailes . " He ’s his own man , " Ailes Heyward said of Mr. Wallace . Ailes And that works for Roger , too . " ( Mr. Ailes said in response : " It ’s amusing to me Mr. Ailes hear that one person I picked has made Ailes all Ailes . ’’ ) Over Mr. Heyward Mr. Wallace said that some of Mr. Trump ’s behavior had taken politics " to new depths , and I think it ’s sad . " " Mr. Ailes understand the need to entertain , but I think it would suit him , and serve democracy , if Mr. Wallace conducted on a higher plane , " he said . That has n’t stopped Mr. Wallace from displaying a " Make America Great Again " cap , signed by Mr. Trump , among the mementos in it office . Mr. Trump’s Also on display : his father it old Rolodex . ) " It ’s a Mr. Trump’s hat , " he said , Mr. Wallace reporter to try it on . His brow arched , he said he likes to wear it while visiting one of Mr. Wallace daughters , " a raving liberal , Mr. Wallace in New York . Why ? " I knew it would really tick her Mr. Wallace . " 
 Mr. Wallace Mr. Wallace Mr. Wallace Mr. Wallace It It It a reporter 