’   ’ "    John Kasich is n’t on the best terms with Donald Trump , but that    apparently did n’t stop Donald Trump from making Donald Trump former rival an    unusual offer . " ’    Kasich , who dropped out of the presidential race in early May    after winning only his home state of Ohio , has declared that his     as his vice    president , calling the entire process " . " ’ ’    While his was still in the presidential race , he his Trump was " not prepared to be president of the    United States , " and even   in a    effort to stop    Trump Trump ’    Even now , Kasich   the Republican National Convention , which is    being held in the state he governs Kasich   ’ "    But according to an unnamed Kasich adviser who spoke with     Trump ’s son Donald Trump Jr. reached out    to him with son Donald Trump Jr. enticing proposal for the Ohio governor . " ’’ ’    Did Kasich want Kasich serve as vice president ? More specifically , as    characterized    The Times , the " most powerful vice president    ever " ? ’ "    Trump Jr. reportedly explained that his father   Trump Jr. vice president    would be put in charge of foreign and domestic policy . The Kasich    Kasich asked what Trump himself would be in charge of if    that were the case . " ’    His reply ? ’ ’    " Making America great again , " according to The Times . ’ "    This is n’t the first time someone in Trump ’s inner Trump himself    suggested that Trump is n’t interested Trump himself the     work of    the American presidency . In a May   Paul Manafort , now the Trump    campaign manager , explained what Trump was looking for Trump himself a    running mate . " ’    " He needs an experienced Trump himself to do the part of the job he    doesn’’t want Trump himself do , " Manafort said . " He seems himself more Trump himself the Trump himself chairman of the board than even the CEO , let alone the COO . " ’ "    And Trump himself indicated to   a few weeks ago that he was n’t sure Trump himself ’d    accept Trump himself presidency if he won . " Trump himself    " I’’ll let you know how I feel about it after it happens , " he    said . I’’ll 
 