Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is quickly becoming the world ’s most undiplomatic     and unpredictable     diplomat . Over the course of a week , President Donald Trump had a bruising telephone call with the leader of Australia , one of America ’s closet allies . President Donald Trump complained to President Donald Trump about that country America handling " of " tough hombres . " Trump on President Donald Trump warned in a tweet that Iran was " playing with fire " with its ballistic missile Iran , part of an emerging strategy designed to show his administration President Donald Trump take a much harder line with the Islamic Republic . But his administration President Donald Trump his administration tools of traditional diplomacy by using a statement from Trump ’s press secretary Sean Spicer to warn Israel that new Israeli settlement activity could potentially hamper the peace process , a new stance for a White House that ’s remained adamant in its support for Prime Israel Benjamin Netanyahu . Throughout his campaign , Trump Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the virtues Trump’s being unpredictable on the world stage . Much to the happiness of some of his supporters , he Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu following through Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu But in the process , Trump is confusing much Trump’s the world . He ’s also handing Trump’s leaders , such as those in the United Kingdom and Mexico , political headaches of their own after encountering some leaders, such as those in the United Kingdom and Mexico, political headaches of their own after encountering Trump . And some Trump’s America ’s allies are beginning to warn that Trump is putting over Trump’s years of transatlantic cooperation at risk . " His style of diplomacy Trump’s very different from his recent predecessors , Trump’s former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told CNN International ’s Hala Gorani Thursday . " He is much more Trump’s your face . I suppose the diplomacy of the rest of us is kind of going to have to get used to that . "   Michael Fullilove , the executive director of the Lowy Institute , a top Australian    said that while the    alliance would remain strong in the aftermath of the tense phone call , Trump ’s approach would inevitably have an impact .   " It ’s a level of discourtesy that we do n’t expect , " he said . " Michael Fullilove, the executive director of the Lowy Institute, a top Australian    will continue to It the Australian public ’s view of Mr. Trump . I Trump’s it would inform public opinion the Australian public’s view of Mr. Trump the alliance . "   Transactional diplomacy , Trump seems to view diplomacy Trump’s the prism of a business transaction , where there are winners and losers and a belief that even allies can take advantage of the US . The great big Rex Tillerson    list , His foreign policy thinking     The great big Rex Tillerson    least so far     appears to be focusing more on the mechanics of individual national relationships and less on a strategic vision in which allies are a vehicle for expressing US power and influence around the globe . The President ’s phone call The great big Rex Tillerson    Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull went off the rails when discussion turned to a deal concluded by former President Barack Obama to allow 1 , 250 refugees from an offshore detention center to come to the United States . Trump tweeted Thursday that the deal was " dumb , a deal concluded by former President Barack Obama to allow 1, 250 refugees from an offshore detention center to come to the United States though Spicer has said the US would honor the agreement and the United States President ’s order to temporarily halt all refugees from entering the country . The President was still fulminating the United States deal by the President’s . " a deal concluded by former President Barack Obama to allow 1, 250 refugees from an offshore detention center to come to the United States said why ? ... Why are we doing this ? What ’s the purpose ? " Trump told reporters . " We have wonderful allies and Trump ’re going to keep it we way but we need we be treated fairly also . " Trump ’s we to question the deal has rattled relations Trump , a deal concluded by former President Barack Obama to allow 1, 250 refugees from an offshore detention center to come to the United States pillar of US    strategy , a member of the Five Eyes intelligence sharing agreement and an ally that has battled alongside the United States dating back to World War I. Trump continues to question refugee deal after heated call with Australian PM , Sen. John McCain , who fought with Australians in Vietnam , took it upon himself to smooth over relations on Thursday following Trump ’s showdown with Turnbull Sen. John McCain, who fought with Australians in Vietnam telephoning Australia ’s ambassador to Washington . World War I. Trump in my view was unnecessary and frankly , harmful , " the Arizona Republican said , adding that the dispute was far less important than cooperation , including joint training missions involving US Marines in the northern Australian city of Darwin . Senior Democrats were also disturbed by the argument . Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine said to have a " contentious conversation and name call ( a ) country or the Prime Minister of a country that is one of our greatest allies in Asia is foolish . " " He is doing kind of amateur hour stuff on matters of significant national importance Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine " said Kaine , who was the 2016 Democratic vice presidential nominee . Lesson for foreign leaders , Foreign policy experts said the    relationship remains too strong to be damaged . But the spat will be seen by other foreign leaders as a lesson in the difficulty of dealing with Trump . British Prime Minister Theresa May found out that leaders who align themselves with Trump can get burned . The President did n’t tell her he was signing Trump executive order restricting travel British Prime Minister Theresa May predominantly Muslim countries soon British Prime Minister Theresa May British Prime Minister Theresa May left the White House last Friday , exposing her to a torrent of political British Prime Minister Theresa May back home . US planning additional sanctions on British Prime Minister Theresa May following missile test , Trump ’s frequent criticisms of the European Union , which he has branded corrupt Trump rooting for more nations to join Britain by voting to British Prime Minister Theresa May , is irking US allies , who see the block , for all its faults , as the root of decades of peace in Europe , a continent previously the block by centuries of war . " It is unacceptable that there should be , through a number of statements by the US President , pressure on what Europe should be or what it should no longer be , " French President Francois Hollande Europe at the EU summit in Malta on Friday ,   " There is no future with Trump if it ’s not worked together , " Hollande said , according to an official Twitter account for France ’s representative to the EU French President Francois Hollande Trump has also criticized the other bulwark of European security , NATO , EU and has Trump more in common with populist leaders seeking to make an impact in elections this year in the Netherlands , France and Germany than the ruling elites in those nations . Despite anodyne government readouts , there France also hints of tension in Trump ’s weekend call with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whom the President has criticized for welcoming Trump refugees . Her office said Merkel " explained " to Trump that the Geneva Conventions require nations to offer a haven from refugees fleeing war . But Trump is unapologetic about the bracing conversations he is having with world leaders     a sign the Trump House is more concerned about Trump Trump a strong image on the world stage than stepping on diplomatic toes . " The Trump is in trouble , but we ’re going to straighten it out . OK ? That ’s what I do . I fix things . We ’re The world to straighten it out , " Trump said at the National Prayer Breakfast on we . " Believe me The world When you hear Trump the tough phone calls I ’m having , do n’t worry about it . Just do n’t worry about it . They ’re tough . We have to tough The world .. We ’re taken advantage of The world every nation in the world virtually . It ’s not going We happen anymore . " Trump ’s pugnacious approach The world is not surprising given his personality , which he used to Trump in his business career . While his attitude dismays foreign policy elites , it his likely to be welcomed by his who turned to him his search of strong leadership and see his encounters as a manifestation of his " America First " his . But several diplomats have said Trump his acute course corrections in foreign his and blunt manner make it difficult to decipher exactly where the United States now stands on key global issues . Private vs. public arguments , Getting tough with America ’s friends also represents a break from previous administrations where disagreements often erupted but were not litigated in the United States The White House may find in future that creating political problems for friendly leaders will make it more difficult for them to compromise with Washington or even to send troops to help fight America ’s wars . UN Ambassador Haley friendly leaders Russia hard on Ukraine , " We have an unwritten rule in the United States you are going to argue with your friends but do it behind closed doors , do n’t expose differences , in public , " Nicholas Burns , a longtime US diplomat an unwritten rule in diplomacy former under secretary of state for political affairs , told CNN International . " Do n’t make life difficult for your friends , the Prime Minister of Australia , the Chancellor of Germany , the President of Mexico . " 
 your friends 