Director’s took home the top prize at Saturday night ’s Director ’s Guild of America Awards and did n’t waste any time going after Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump , telling reporters in the press room that Trump ’s plan to build Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump wall on the southern border " betrays the foundation " of America . [ As he America done at last year ’s Oscars , the Mexican director used his acceptance speech to lampoon the Mexican director of illegal immigration . He said he had walked the Mexican director the the Mexican director of the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza Hotel early on in the night :   " There [ were ] more than 120 Mexicans in the kitchen that serve you the kitchen of the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza Hotel , and that was the best party I had , " Inarritu joked in his acceptance speech , according his acceptance speech . " That ’s not the people Donald Trump has described at all , let me tell you . " In the press room after the show , Inarritu told reporters that Trump ’s plan to Inarritu a wall on Donald Trump U. S.   border would " betray the foundation of this country , " and added that " the power " of America " relies on diversity . " " To try to build a wall to stop that is exactly to betray the power of this country , what has been absolutely outstanding this country and unique in the United States , " he added . Inarritu has made no secret Inarritu his contempt Inarritu Trump over the past year Inarritu The director began speaking out against critics of Inarritu at last year ’s Academy Awards , when he picked up Best Director for Birdman . During Inarritu acceptance speech Inarritu said he hoped that the Inarritu ’s immigrants " Inarritu be Inarritu with the same dignity and respect of the ones who came before and built this incredible immigrant nation . " The director formally came out against Trump in November , Inarritu name to a letter signed by several Hispanic cultural leaders Inarritu the candidate : " We refuse to keep silent in the face of the alarming declarations of the candidate for presidency of the United States , Donald Trump , " the letter read . At the LACMA Film + Art Gala in a letter signed by several Hispanic cultural leaders denouncing the candidate in November , guest of honor Inarritu said no human being " should November named or declared illegal . " " I would rather propose to call these people ‘ undocumented dreamers,’ as were most of the people who founded this country , " he said at the time . " By naming them that , we Inarritu start a real and human conversation for a these people , with the most precious , forgotten and distinguished emotion a human being can have : compassion . " And in January , the director told WNYC ’s Kurt Anderson that Trump ’s hardline position on illegal immigration stems " from ignorance , " and said he pities the billionaire businessman . " To be so rich and so Kurt Anderson that Trump’s hardline position on illegal immigration   …      It ’s a poor man whose only possession is money , and that ’s the lesson we all have to learn , " he said . Inarritu ’s historic win Saturday night   —    he Kurt Anderson that Trump’s hardline position on illegal immigration the first director to win the night ’s top award in Inarritu years   —    throws another monkey wrench into what ’s become one of the more interesting Oscar races in recent memory . Check out the full list of DGA Award winners here . 
 