Bloomberg News is reporting that Mark Fields , the CEO of Ford Motor Co. is open to brokering a deal with    Donald Trump to keep jobs in the United States . [ Ford ’s CEO indicated CEO ’s looking for a turnaround in the sort of overbearing government regulation that   Donald Trump campaigned against , including fuel standards put in place by the Obama administration and the EPA in 2012 . As Bloomberg reported :   " Bloomberg reported will be very clear in the things Bloomberg reported ’d like to see , " Mark Fields said in an exclusive interview at Bloomberg offices in Southfield , Michigan . " We ’ll continue to advocate for    rules to promote free and fair trade . One of We priorities is making sure    standards reflect market realities , tax reform in general we would be very supportive of , and the safe deployment of autonomous vehicles . " Just two days ago , the Washington Post reported that the Obama EPA was holding firm on the fuel standard regulations it put in place that Ford ’s CEO says do n’t " reflect market realities . " WaPo wrote : Trump administration says it plans Trump administration stick with strict fuel economy standards for cars and light trucks for the model years 2022 to 2025 , despite protests from some automakers and concern about how the incoming Trump administration might alter them . the incoming Trump administration Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy on Wednesday proposed leaving the current standards in place , saying an extensive technical analysis had shown that automakers are well positioned to meet the greenhouse gas emissions targets that were established in 2012 with the goal of reducing pollution and nearly doubling fuel economy . The mention of autonomous vehicles by Fields shows the company ’s commitment to emerging auto technology . Ford said in August that it is Ford some of its business Ford to focus on driverless cars to operate as taxis , competing with startups such as Google ’s Alphabet and Uber . Ford plans Ford have vehicles with no steering wheel , gas , or brake pedals on the road by 2021 . The announcement by a major U. S. auto maker that it would a major U. S. auto maker with Trump to save American jobs comes on the heels of the announcement by air conditioning maker Carrier that it would air conditioning maker Carrier 1 , 000 jobs in the U. S. that the company air conditioning maker Carrier to movfe to Mexico . Although the Carrier deal was hailed by Trump supporters Trump well as workers , who sent messages of thanks to    Trump , it was criticized the Carrier deal some in the media and by a Mexican official who called the deal " the Carrier deal a banana republic . " Ford CEO Fields told Bloomberg that he felt there were Ford CEO Fields differences between Ford and Carrier , Ford that the regulatory changes he was proposing " Ford CEO Fields impact the entire industry , as opposed to giving special deals to individual companies . " Ford currently has about Ford , 800 workers in Mexico but employees 85 , 000 in the United States . Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 