Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign and the Republican party will coordinate more closely going forward , with the GOP ’s top communicator and chief strategist Sean Spicer increasingly working out of Donald Trump headquarters , the ’s campaign and the Republican party Sunday .   Spicer , the Republican National Committee communications director and chief strategist , will " spend more time " with the Trump Donald Trump in New York , campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said .   " He ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway to be spending more time here , " Conway said campaign manager Kellyanne Conway on Sunday ’s " This Week . "   A source familiar with the move told CNN that how much time Spicer spends working out of the campaign ’s headquarters each week will vary .   The move the move told CNN that how much time Spicer spends working out of the campaign’s headquarters each week will vary a recent campaign    that saw the departure of campaign chairman Paul Manafort alongside the promotion of Conway to campaign manager and installation of Breitbart executive Steve Bannon as the campaign chief executive .   The Trump campaign    Trump has had The Trump campaign    tense relationship with the RNC throughout the primary and into the campaign season , at times railing on the GOP establishment and accusing the party of working against him . Since The Trump campaign    the nomination , however , Trump has mostly The Trump campaign    a united front with the RNC , the RNC with party brass to thwart an effort by    delegates at the Republican convention to block his nomination . The Trump campaign    Chairman Reince Priebus has also been a tireless adviser to and supporter of Trump , working The Trump campaign    broker peace between Congress and party leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Trump .   The Trump campaign has also Trump it would rely heavily The Trump campaign RNC organization on the RNC across the country , rather than building out new entirely new infrastructure for the campaign .   The Trump campaign hiring of Bannon     a longtime RNC critic known for RNC criticism of the party elite     had raised eyebrows and concerns over his relationship with the party organization . Spicer RNC organization and the Trump RNC will work closely together .   " We are committed to winning back the the RNC and the Trump campaign House and maintaining our majorities in the House and Senate the RNC and the Trump campaign " Spicer said of his role . " Spicer that end Spicer our political , digital , data and communications teams will continue to integrate and coordinate with the the top of the ticket . " 
 