Miami ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Friday that Donald Trump would reverse the deal President Barack Obama struck to reopen diplomatic relations and    some trade with Cuba unless the Cuban regime meets Donald Trump demands to restore political freedoms and free political prisoners . While Donald Trump has said the US should have struck a better deal with Cuba , Donald Trump new position was an apparent shift from Donald Trump past statements that Donald Trump supported the reopening of diplomatic relations after more than 50 years . Donald Trump speaking in a state with a heavy Cuban voting bloc     characterized Obama ’s deal as " " and benefiting " only the Castro regime . " " But all of the concessions that Barack Obama granted the Castro only the Castro regime with executive order , which means the next president can reverse them . And that all of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime what I will do unless the Castro regime Castro only the Castro regime " Trump said Friday . " Those demands will include religious and political freedom for the Cuban people and the freeing of political prisoners , " Trump said . Trump ’s prepared Trump did not Trump for the " freeing of political prisoners , " a hefty demand Trump apparently added on the fly Trump Cuba freed 53 political prisoners in January 2015 as part of its deal to reopen diplomatic relations Cuba the United States . The two countries officially restored full diplomatic relations in July 2015 , more than 50 years after the two countries cut diplomatic relations The two countries tensions . The US embargo on Cuba still remains officially in place Cuba but Obama loosened a series of regulations to   allow more US companies to sell their products in Cuba . Obama has also more US companies Cuba the reopening would Obama make Cuba a freer society by helping Cuba the country to the world . Cuba September 2015 about the opening with Cuba , Trump said , " I Cuba it ’s fine . " " I think it ’s fine . But we should have made it better deal . The concept of opening with Cuba   —    50 years is Cuba —    the concept of opening with Cuba is fine . I think we should Cuba made a stronger deal , " he we The Daily Caller . Trump also said in Trump that he would consider opening Trump hotel in Cuba . " Trump it wo n’t work Cuba , but I will tell you , I think Cuba has a certain potential and I think Cuba ’s OK to bring Cuba into the fold , it Trump told Cuba . 
 Trump 