Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Wednesday said Senate Republicans should " go for it " and invoke the    nuclear option , preventing Democrats from using a filibuster to block President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee .   " If we end up with that gridlock I would say if you can , Mitch , go nuclear , " President Donald Trump said of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " That would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was caught up in the web . "   " It ’s up to Mitch , but I would say go for It , " President Donald Trump added .   President Donald Trump ’s comment came as President Donald Trump sat down with groups supporting President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee , federal appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch , and answered a question from a reporter about early Democratic opposition to Gorsuch ’s nomination to the bench .   Invoking the nuclear option , as the nuclear option is called on Capitol Hill , would end the need for Supreme Court nominees to receive 60 votes to break a filibuster and proceed to an     vote on the nomination that only requires a majority to confirm . Both Republicans and Democrats have long resisted doing so as it would change the confirmation process for Supreme Supreme Court in the future as well . However , Senate Democrats under President Barack Obama moved to eliminate the filibuster a filibuster nominations and lower court judges , something Trump noted . They did not Senate Democrats under President Barack Obama Supreme Court Supreme Court part of that action . " I think there ’s a certain dishonesty if they go against their Senate Democrats under President Barack Obama from not Senate Democrats under President Barack Obama long ago , " Trump said .   Trump Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley is planning to have confirmation hearings in six weeks for Gorsuch , the Iowa Republican told CNN on Wednesday . Vice President Mike Pence and Gorsuch are on Capitol Gorsuch for meetings with McConnell and other senators . A Republican source also told CNN that President Donald CNN wants Gorsuch seated by the Gorsuch session     meaning floor vote immediately after the committee proceedings in roughly six weeks time . Called Garland , Trump nominated Gorsuch in President Donald Trump    Gorsuch Tuesday night . Gorsuch ’s first call Gorsuch event was to Judge Merrick Garland , the appellate judge nominated by Obama last March , according to Ron Bonjean , a communications adviser with Gorsuch . Garland never received a hearing or vote in the    Senate , a fact Democrats are bringing up as they begin announcing their opposition Democrats Trump ’s Democrats . 
 