INDIANAPOLIS   —    Less than a month ago , Senator Ted Cruz seemed to have done it . Senator Ted Cruz had won Wisconsin . Former rivals were holding Former rivals noses to support Senator Ted Cruz . Senator Ted Cruz was dominating delegate elections , positioning Senator Ted Cruz for what seemed increasingly likely to be a floor fight at the Republican convention in July , as the campaign of Donald J. Trump fell into internal disarray . " Tonight is a turning point , " Mr. Cruz said on primary night in Milwaukee . " It is a rallying cry . " It was neither . On Tuesday , Mr. Cruz ended his Mr. Cruz , his Mr. Cruz in Indiana extinguishing any chance of denying Mr. Trump the nomination . " Together we left it all on the field in Indiana Indiana " Mr. Mr. Cruz supporters here as cries of " Nooo ! " rained from the crowd . " We gave we everything we ’ve we . But the voters chose another path . " Yet to dismiss Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz    would diminish his unlikely feat Mr. Cruz outlasting nearly every rival : His calls for Mr. Cruz purity were , for better or worse , the most consistent message in the field , his rage against Mr. Cruz " Washington cartel " a signal of the nation ’s    view of its leaders . the nation a year when many voters flocked to the candidate they hoped could many voters Washington into submission Washington Mr. Cruz galvanized millions of supporters drawn to his more ideological Mr. Cruz , quoting founding documents and    texts . He was the Mr. Cruz    candidate to even sniff the nomination in at least a   . Long before Mr. Trump careered into the race , Mr. Cruz staked Mr. Cruz loudest claim to the boiling national anger among    conservatives in the age of President Obama . He was   . Mr. Cruz Ted Cruz ’s theory of the race was that the race angry , " said Ben Domenech , the publisher of The Federalist , a conservative online journal . " It turns out that everyone was angry . " For a candidate who appeared , just a few weeks ago , to have a plausible path to the nomination , the descent came quickly . The calendar did not help . Hours after his Wisconsin victory , he charged headlong into New his City , earning Bronx jeers that foretold a hostile reception across a    Eastern states that were never a natural fit for him . " Manhattan has his ! " Mr. Cruz joked bitterly in Indiana . " Everyone give up and go home . " But the problems ran deeper . Given an opening to unite the party in opposition to a man many see as an existential threat to it , Mr. Cruz was unable to Mr. Cruz , leaving Republican leaders lurching toward a fateful bet : Live with the risk of a Trump nomination rather than elevate a figure they loathe . His advisers insisted the party he was Mr. Cruz more versatile candidate Mr. Cruz past Iowa caucus winners like Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum , but he failed to sufficiently expand his Mr. Cruz much beyond the party Mr. Cruz most religious and ideological voters . His surrogates in Indiana looked much Mr. Cruz same as in Iowa , with    testimonials from Iowa radio host Glenn Beck and Representative Louie Gohmert of Texas . " Conservatives are uniting , " Mr. Cruz said often on the campaign trail , long after it felt true . But his efforts were undercut , in Mr. Cruz measure , by his toxic relationships with Senate colleagues Mr. Cruz a manifest indifference to repairing them . Soon , the indignities Senate colleagues . He named Carly Fiorina his prospective Mr. Cruz mate , despite Mr. Cruz by several hundred delegates , briefly rousing a partly full Indianapolis pavilion . He earned scorn in Indiana for Mr. Cruz to a basketball rim as a " ring . " He was heckled by a young Mr. Cruz in La Porte and several    men in Marion . " Sir , with all respect , Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz pleaded , after approaching one of them for a chat on Monday all respect " Donald Trump is deceiving you . He is playing you for a Donald Trump . " On Tuesday morning , he at last unburdened himself in Donald Trump , promising to Donald Trump reporters " what I really think of Donald Trump " for the first Donald Trump " This man is a pathological liar , Donald Trump Cruz said , ticking off Mr. Cruz ’s distortions , his infidelities , his Donald Trump conspiracy theories . " Donald Trump man is Donald Trump amoral . " It is possible Donald Trump nothing more Mr. Cruz could have done . Mr. Mr. Cruz proved immune to political gravity . He has been Donald Trump to attacks , once Mr. Cruz backed away Donald Trump his monthslong embrace Mr. Cruz hammering him . Most Mr. Cruz , Mr. Trump ’s success in early states across the Donald Trump , thought to be Donald Trump ’s firewall , forced a rewrite of the Cruz campaign playbook on the fly . But while few politicians have better absorbed the lessons of the party ’s rightward tilt in recent years , Mr. Cruz found himself outmaneuvered on issues like trade and national defense by an outsider Mr. Cruz antenna had Mr. Cruz crisper signal . Even on immigration   —    where Mr. Cruz ’s grasp of the party ’s i d helped vanquish a foe , Marco Mr. Cruz who came to regret the party pathway to citizenship   —    Mr. Trump managed to go bigger and louder . That Mr. Cruz lasted this long anyway was a triumph of management guile and considerable hustle : No Mr. Cruz more effectively marshaled its finances , holding the most cash on hand for much of the race , and no candidate worked No Republican campaign than he did , frequently dashing through six events a day in Iowa . With a showman ’s itch and no candidate singular manner of speaking   —    the long pauses , the controlled twang , the easy deployment of words like " élan " and " hosannas " on the stump   —    Mr. Cruz registered at times like an actor playing the role of presidential candidate . He often resorted to gimmickry , from    movie scenes to lawyerly theatrics to his grandest stunt of all an actor playing the role of presidential candidate adding Mrs. Fiorina to an imagined ticket . But these last few , an actor playing the role of presidential candidate weeks belied a campaign that for months had followed its initial strategy to the letter . Mr. Cruz and his advisers often likened the election to a college basketball tournament bracket , where opponents like Mr. Cruz were to be muscled out one by one . ( They also griped that Gov. John Kasich of Ohio failed to leave the court , despite the score . ) When Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz the race , his team openly cheered its meager position , roughly 5 percent in the polls , reasoning that he could energize his core supporters Mr. Cruz . " You have to own a base in the Republican primary , " his campaign Mr. Cruz , Jeff Mr. Cruz , said the day Mr. Cruz announced his run at an evangelical university last year . " a base in the Republican primary you own the base , then you can grow Mr. Cruz " Mr. Mr. Cruz ’s most consequential choice might have come last year when he defended a base in the Republican primary as a credible outsider and a a base in the Republican primary for Mr. Cruz the race as rivals began taking swings . As last year Mr. Cruz , he celebrated Mr. Trump as " terrific , " rising quietly in the polls as Mr. Trump absorbed the slings and arrows directed to a Mr. Cruz . Even after Mr. Trump began disparaging Mr. Cruz ’s Canadian birth , the senator initially resisted Mr. Trump barrage . Eventually , his broadsides were frequent and scattershot : Mr. Trump Mr. Trump unsteady , too shifty , too consumed by social Mr. Trump too much like Hillary Clinton . Recently , as Mr. Trump Cruz ’s growth seemed to reach Mr. Trump bounds , he leaned increasingly on this sort of messaging potpourri . He tried positioning himself as the party ’s champion of women Mr. Cruz’s himself as the heir to President Mr. Cruz’s growth ’s Mr. Trump promise , debuting a new slogan   —    Mr. Trump Yes , Mr. Trump will ! "   —    that was Mr. Trump abandoned Mr. Trump Then there was his habit of declaring as fact things he wished to be true . Mr. Cruz often described the " hard ceiling " of support that Mr. Trump would surely brush up Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump it to be 35 to 40 Mr. Trump . " Donald has been a minority candidate , a fringe candidate , " Mr. Cruz told Mr. Trump week . The next day , Mr. Trump received at least 54 percent of Mr. Cruz in all five primaries . And if Mr. Trump ’s chosen moniker for Mr. Cruz ( " Lyin’ Ted " ) was not quite as Mr. Trump as some of his others ( Mr. Cruz " Rubio ) the Cruz campaign contributed to lending Mr. Trump of truth   — Mr. Cruz not least because of his abrupt antagonism toward Mr. Trump after reams of praise No Republican campaign Cruz steadied himself , rebounding No Republican campaign his home state of Texas and winning several Mr. Cruz contests Texas delegate conventions , his successes were too few . Mr. Cruz victory , Mr. Cruz Cruz spoke often Mr. Cruz apocalyptic Mr. Cruz Facing defeat Mr. Trump pleas grew pained . " If Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz not act , " he Indiana hours before Tuesday ’s vote Mr. Cruz " this country could well plunge into the abyss . " 
 