Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has pulled to within two points in a    matchup for New Hampshire , according to the latest Boston    University poll released on Wednesday . [ The    gap in the survey of 500 likely New Hampshire voters is well within the the latest Boston   University poll released on Wednesday margin of error of 4 . 4 percent . Four presidential candidates registered support in the poll the latest Boston   University poll released on Wednesday Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton at 44 percemt , Trump at 42 percent , Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson at 5 percent , and Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 1 percent .   The five previous polls of a    matchup in New Hampshire had shown Libertarian candidate Johnson with    support ranging from    percent . Trump was twice as likely to be named as the " second " choice for respondents supporting either Johnson or Stein Libertarian candidate Johnson The Boston    University poll suggests that a series of embarrassing gaffes are taking a toll on Johnson in New Libertarian candidate Johnson and that Trump is the Trump beneficiary . Johnson has struggled Libertarian candidate Johnson basic foreign policy questions in recent weeks , including when he had to Libertarian candidate Johnson , " What is Aleppo ? " and could n’t name a single    he admires or Libertarian candidate Johnson n’t name the leader of North Korea , Kim   . The poll shows Clinton underperforming with people who say they voted for The poll Obama by nearly 7 percent . More than 51 percent of respondents say they voted for More than 51 percent of respondents over Romney President Obama yet Clinton is stuck Clinton 44 percent . President Obama carried President Obama and its four electoral votes New Hampshire 2012 ,    percent . Terrorism and National Security was   just slightly ahead of Jobs and the Economy as the most important issues facing the next president . President Obama they feel Alarmed , Excited , Terrorism and National Security Bored by the election , an overwhelming majority said they were alarmed . Both Donald an overwhelming majority and Hillary Rodham an overwhelming majority honest and trustworthy with solid majorities for both candidates responding that an overwhelming majority do not find them honest and trustworthy . Clinton continues to an overwhelming majority Trump by 5 an overwhelming majority in the Real Clear Hillary Rodham Clinton average of polls Donald Trump New Hampshire , in which Gary Johnson remains at nearly 11 percent . Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 Dustin Stockton 