’   ’ ’    Sarah Palin , the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee and a    backer of Trump . " ’ ’    But she also ripped the " as offensive " media for its " obsession "    with a " very old conversation " in a . ’ ’    In the shocking recording from 2005 ’ ’    heard boasting    about being able to " grab " women " by the     " because    " when you’’re a star they let you do it . " ’ ’    The recording of Trump , when you’’re a star was picked up by a hot Trump and    published by The Washington Post on Friday , came from an    interaction between Trump and television personality Billy Bush .    In addition to his comments about grabbing women " by the    "    Trump made a litany of other sexually suggestive remarks . ’ Trump    " Disgusting , shameful , totally disrespectful ’’ locker room ’’    garbage , privately shared between two Hollywood playboys over a    decade ago , is now made to be ’’ the crudeness heard ’’ round the    world , ’’ " the former Alaska governor wrote . " The old Bush and    Trump braggart comments were beyond abhorrent and offensive ,      Trump boys apologized for them . " ’ ’’ ’    Palin then turned her focus both boys the press . ’ ’    " As offensive Palin however , is media obsession with a very old    conversation between    figures when we’’re in a    crucial time facing    shifts in our future , " she    wrote . " The Supreme Court , international tinderbox relationships Palin    global security , and our entire economy hang in the balance . With    the question of what kind of country we will leave our daughters    and sons unanswered , I wisely look at today’ we candidates ’’    positions and what they have accomplished , while being well aware    there are no today’’s candidates candidates . I encourage all to quit putting    faith in flawed human beings . " ’ ’    The    Republican said that by " going around media filters , "    voters can " clearly see " Trump as the more viable option for the    presidency than Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    Palin also linked to a YouTube clip of a Fox News segment that    played a    recording of Clinton , then working as a    lawyer in Arkansas , discussing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton defense of a defendant accused    of raping a     girl Palin ’ ’    " In today’ ’s Presidential race , it’ ’s only telling which candidate    participated in cruder past conversations if both candidates ’’    communications were all exposed , but alas , that won’’t happen , "    Palin wrote . ’ ’    She added , " It’ ’s undeniable that it’ ’s only politics   Palin    characterization of it’ ’s old comments it’ more outrageous and    offensive than Hillary’ ’s comments . " ’ "    The other half of Palin ’s 2008 ticket ,    presidential    nominee and current Arizona Palin John McCain , withdrew his    support for Trump earlier Saturday . " ’    Trump addressed the matter in a Friday statement , in which he Trump called the comments " locker room banter " and added Trump former    President Bill Clinton has said " far worse to me on the golf    course . " ’ ’    That former   President Bill Clinton later followed by a    video address , offering a    brief apology and saying he looked forward to the Sunday    night presidential debate . He Trump a tweet Saturday morning to    call the past day Trump certainly . .. interesting . " ’ ’    Almost immediately , Trump came under fire from those on both    sides of the aisle   —    as many top Republicans either strongly    condemned the comments or unendorsed the Manhattan billionaire    altogether .    
 