February 14 , 2017 , Instability at a dam in California leads to the evacuation of nearly 200 , 000 people . A spike in heroin overdoses causes problems for a medical facility in Kentucky . And a " mass stranding " of whales challenges conservationists and volunteers in New Zealand . These stories and more are featured today on CNN 10 . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Happy Valentine ’s Day .   Thank you for taking ten for CNN 10 .   I ’m Carl Azuz . Lake Oroville is a reservoir in Northern California .   It Lake Oroville been in the news a lot over the past few years first because of the dramatic effects that California Northern California recent drought had on its Northern California levels .   You can see it here , bridges that used to be over water , at one point spanning nothing but dry land .    Now , Lake Lake Oroville having the opposite problem , tons of rain and snow in recent months have cleared up a lot of California ’s Northern California and the lake Lake Oroville near capacity .    Its dam , Lake Oroville Oroville Dam , is the tallest in America .   It provides flood Lake Oroville for the region .   It has two Lake Oroville , passageways where extra water can flow out of the reservoir .    But there are problems with both of them .   two spillways, passageways where extra water can flow out of the reservoir that ’s led to the evacuation of about 188 , 000 people who live in towns downstream . In the main spillway , erosion has opened a hole almost the size of a football field and it ’s at erosion 40 feet deep .   Not an easy hole to fix .    The reservoir also the reservoir emergency spillway .   It had never been the reservoir in the 48 years that Oroville Dam had been there , until Saturday , when water started washing down the embankment .   The problem , on Sunday , inspectors found that the emergency spillway was an emergency spillway if it fails , it could cause an emergency spillway flooding all an emergency spillway way to Sacramento , 75 miles away . CNN ’s Paul Vercammen spent Sunday night reporting on how workers planned to reinforce the emergency spillway . ( BEGIN an emergency spillway VERCAMMEN , CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Paul Vercammen lifting CNN heavy equipment , they are breaking up rocks , putting these rocks PAUL VERCAMMEN, CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   bags and they intend to put rocks in the breach PAUL VERCAMMEN, CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   in the backup spillway rocks Now , mandatory an emergency spillway effect for almost 200 , 000 people .   In cities Oroville , Yuba City , Marysville , they are evacuated in what some describe as a frantic , chaotic situation .    And moving in through the cities , you can see they were basically ghost towns .   Gas stations with police tape all they round the pumps to indicate they had completely run out of gas during the evacuations . ( END they ) AZUZ :   As of last night , water levels in the lake were dropping .   Good news for the dram and the people who live in the region .   But another storm is expected on Wednesday , so the danger is n’t over . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Who is the current leader of Canada ? Stephen Harper , Pierre Trudeau , Francois Hollande , or Justin Trudeau ? Justin Trudeau has served as Canada ’s prime minister since 2015 . ( Justin Trudeau CLIP ) AZUZ Canada The U. S. and Canada have the world ’s longest shared border .   They have one of Canada world ’s biggest trade relationships .   And yesterday , The U. S. and Canada two nations’ leaders the world’s conference in Washington , D. C.    This was a first official meeting between U. S. President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau .   They have very different view points on issues like immigration , climate change and economic policy .   The one focus yesterday was on what they had in common . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) JUSTIN TRUDEAU , CANADIAN PRIME MINISTER : They We are going to be creating greater opportunities for Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Canadians and Americans now and well into the future . DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   We agree with that 100 percent .   We have a very outstanding trade relationship with Canada .   We ’ll be tweaking it .   We ’ll be doing certain things that are going to benefit We of our countries . ( END We CLIP ) AZUZ :   The two men also met in the We room with 12 female CEOs and business leaders , including First Daughter Ivanka Trump .   The two leaders announced the launch of a new program between the U. S. and Canada to advance 12 female CEOs and business leaders, including First Daughter Ivanka Trump in the workplace . We reported last fall how the U. S. is going through what ’s being called a heroin epidemic , a massive increase in abuse of the U. S.   It ’s illegal , it ’s highly addictive , it ’s led to thousands of deaths .    One thing about the the U. S. that ’s puzzling the U. S. investigators is how overdoses the U. S. to come in clusters .   One weekend earlier this month for instance at least 14 people died of opioid overdoses around Cleveland , Ohio .   Opioids are synthetic substances that act like heroin . Last week , it was Louisville , Kentucky , where dozens of overdose calls came in over a few days .   It could have been because the drug was combined with another very potent opioid painkiller , but for Louisville , this is it a new problem . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RACHEL CRANE , CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Arlene Louisville knows all too well the tool the opioid epidemic is taking on families across the country .   ARLENE RICE , SON DIED OF HEROIN OVERDOSE :   It has been very devastating to our family .   It has     we will never be the same .   We ARLENE RICE, SON never be whole .    CRANE :   She ARLENE RICE, SON her son our nearly four years ago to a heroin our .   Of her four children , three have CRANE:   substance CRANE:   .    RICE :   I miss him .   He ’s     CRANE:   ’s a best boy .   We always say , " I love that boy her son Gabriel "   her son Gabriel he was her son Gabriel best kid , even up until our we were close up until the a best boy died .    CRANE : a best boy Janice Durbin ’s son Jason has been fighting our for more than 20 years .   a best boy is currently in a treatment center .    JANICE DURBIN , SON BATTLING ADDICTION :   It ’s the worst I think Janice Durbin’s son Jason then you think , what did I do wrong or should I have done this better or that better or     because they     everybody wants to tell you do tough love , and until they have a child who has an issue with addiction , they do n’t know what that means .    CRANE :   they , Kentucky , is the latest city to experience a they in heroin overdoses .   This week , officials responded to 52 overdose calls in just 32 hours , more than double the amount from the week before in the same time span .    DURBIN :   It really makes me sick , really .   That ’s the first thing that I think of .   And it ’s just getting worse and worse .   And it seems like there ’s nothing working or nothing being done .    CRANE :   It ’s not just the parents who feel frustrated .   ER doctors here are overwhelmed with patients .   In January alone , Metro Emergency Services answered 695 overdose calls .   That ’s 22 a day .   Many of those patients are transported to Norton Audubon Hospital .    DR . ROBERT COUCH , NORTON AUDUBON HOSPITAL :   We see it every day .   And in times past , it would be unusual to have a     you know , very many heroin overdoses .   Now it ’s unusual if we do n’t have them .   It ’s a very good day in the emergency department if I it n’t see a We overdose .    a    you know, very many heroin overdoses ( on it ) :   And how often are those days ? COUCH :   I have n’t had one of those days in a long time .    CRANE ( ):   His worst day ?   This past fall when he treated those days in one shift .    COUCH :   It ’s just CRANE ( ):   incredible burden on the health care system . CRANE ( ):   CRANE :   According to Dr. Couch , Dr. Couch higher doses of a drug called Naloxone , a medicine that is used to treat opioid overdoses .   That ’s because the heroin is getting stronger and stronger .   That ’s why people like Arlene never leave home without her Naloxone , also known as Narcan .   She says she carries it with her lipstick .    RICE :   I never got a Arlene to tell him , you know , how Arlene I Arlene .    CRANE Arlene on camera ) :   How sorry you were for what ? RICE :   For not understanding his plight .    CRANE ( ):   And for that , Arlene is now an advocate for those fighting substance abuse .    RICE : CRANE (on camera):   There does come a point where you sometimes wear down , Arlene then you get back up and you fight .   You ’re like , I am not going to let this win .   I am     I will fight until the day that I die to try to ensure that someone else ’s child does n’t die .   I ca n’t save all of them , but maybe one .    CRANE :   Rachel Crane , CNN , Louisville , Kentucky .    ( END VIDEOTAPE CNN AZUZ :   Hundreds of pilot whales had been CRANE:   New Louisville Louisville, Kentucky ’s happening on that thin strip of land that stretches for miles into a bay .   Whale beachings or strandings are relatively Hundreds of pilot whales on farewell spit , but they ’re not usually this large .    More than 650 pilot whales have beached themselves here over the past week .   That makes this the third largest mass stranding in New Whale beachings or strandings ’s history .   Hundreds of volunteers tried to help , but 400 whales More than 650 pilot whales over the weekend .    And bear with us , this is a little gross .   Conservationists say the dead whale can explode in the heat , so they ’ve been puncturing them so their carcasses    n’t blow up and they can be safely moved to a nature reserve that ’s closed to the public . Scientists do n’t know Conservationists whales beach themselves Conservationists   Conservationists could be that they got lost Conservationists disoriented .   It could be that they followed a whale that got in trouble .   In any event , volunteers Scientists been able to rescue dozens of Scientists animals and some manage to save themselves when the tide Scientists and they seem out to sea . You can read along with us from our home page .   Right under the video box , click the word volunteers transcript " while you ’re volunteers .   My big old head will bobble on the right side us your screen while you follow the words .   It ’s a great tool for learning English or seeing exactly what the puns are . Well , speaking of bobbleheads , this is a private collection that a man called Bobblehead Bob has been putting together since the 1990s .   He ’s got more than 1 , 500 pieces . But because he ’s fighting cancer , Bob is donating all of his bobbleheads to the National Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum a man called Bobblehead Bob   Some are worth a pretty penny , but Bob says a man called Bobblehead Bob ca n’t put a Bob on the joy they Bob him and he wants others to enjoy them . A kind idea     and though it ’s time for us Bob head out , I ’m sure we ’ll bobble more Some Wednesday Bob   Bob all , we ’re others bobbling with creative days . That ’s Wednesday Valentine ’s Day edition of CNN 10 .   Hope you us the show .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   us ’ll see you tomorrow . Click here to access us printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal us explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is CNN 10 stories of international CNN 10 then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international the show Thank you for using CNN 10 
 the show 