’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump is " very upset " that Amanda Knox , the    American college student who sparked an international    firestorm after being accused of murder in Italy , supported    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , according to a     in The New York Times . ’ " President Donald Trump President Donald Trump commissioned   to look into    Knox ’s case while he was in Italy Italy the The New York Times The New York Times " ’    Lombardi told the newspaper that Trump President Donald Trump " very upset " that Knox    supported Clinton .   ’ ’    Trump President Donald Trump defended Knox in Knox    earlier part of the decade ,    when the case was garnering worldwide attention . ’ ’    He   that Knox " Knox    innocent " and    " Italian government should pay for this travesty . " ’ ’    In a 2010 interview with    President Donald Trump President Donald Trump support    for Knox’ ’s family in the case . the case that after " watching it    for a while , " he thought " this He not a guilty person . " ’ ’    " I ’m good at judging people , " he said . " He study people , and I    became rich because I understand what people are about . " ’ ’    Trump later added that    Barack Obama " should get    involved immediately and    her the hell out Trump jail . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Knox , in a   voiced her support for    Trump during the 2016 campaign . She tweeted a handful Trump times    in favor of the former secretary of state ,   " # YesWeCan " and    " # ImWithHer . " ’ ’    " Donald Trump has succeeded in coming a step away from the most    powerful position in the world merely because he is a    Donald Trump agent , " Knox wrote in her blog . " Knox matter that he    is inexperienced , uninformed , and irresponsible ( to say the very    least ) . Both candidates seem disturbingly disconnected , in their    own ways Both candidates Clinton from the people . Donald Trump from    rationality . " ’ ’    " I ’m feeling less apathetic about this election , " she added .    " It ’s not    Clinton this election shown herself to Hillary Clinton more than Hillary Clinton the    lesser of two evils . It ’s that her impending this election represents    Hillary Clinton triumph of nuance and poise over prejudice and childishness .    And that ’s something I can get excited about . " ’ ’President Donald Trump is " very upset " that . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 