  ( CNN ) Sessions , made a startling and dismaying admission on Tuesday . Despite months of turmoil surrounding Russia ’s efforts to distort American elections , says Sessions , Attorney general neither received nor requested a classified briefing to get up to speed on the threat posed by Russian forces . " I have to tell you Sen. King , I know nothing but what I ’ve read in the paper , " Sessions said to Angus King of Maine .   " I ’ve never received any detailed briefing on how hacking occurred or how information was alleged to have influenced the campaign . " That is an incredible statement , given the size and scope of the threat Russia posed to American democracy .   We now know that Russian cyberattacks on US voting systems were much broader and deeper than previously believed , and included as many as 39 states , according to Bloomberg News . Former FBI Director James Comey was blunt in his assessment of the situation during his own recent testimony to Congress . " We ’re Former FBI Director James Comey about a foreign government that Former FBI Director James Comey using technical intrusion , lots of other methods , tried to shape the way we think , we vote , we act . That is a big deal . And people need to we it , we Comey said .   Comey also testified that the Russians interfered in the 2016 election : " They did it Comey purpose . They did it with sophistication . They did it with the Russians technical the Russians interfered in the 2016 election . And it the Russians an the Russians interfered in the 2016 election campaign driven from the Russians top the Russians interfered in the 2016 election that government . There is no the Russians interfered in the 2016 election on that . That ’s about as    as you can possibly get and is very , very serious . " That looming threat has already caused turmoil in the White House . Undisclosed meetings and business transactions with Russians     and false statements about those meetings     cost Gen. Michael Flynn his job as national security adviser to President Trump .    The White House is effectively Gen. Michael Flynn siege , coping with ongoing investigations by two congressional committees the White House , independent counsel appointed by the Justice Department .   President Trump and other top officials have hired private attorneys . With all this legal and political turmoil , one would expect the nation ’s top law enforcement official to exhibit at least enough curiosity to get the latest reliable information about this    threat to American democracy . Instead , Sessions’ testimony reveals a shocking lack of action     or even curiosity     by Trump administration officials who should be organizing ways to defend US voting systems from outside attacks . Sessions , outraged by insinuations he colluded with Russians to swing the 2016 elections , called the accusation a " detestable lie . "   He has every right to defend his name .   But the White House ’s troubles ca n’t he allowed to overshadow the larger he of a hostile power tampering with American elections .   If Trump , Sessions and other White House officials want to quiet accusations of collusion , they should spend less time ducking questions from the White House’s more time working with    and    boards of Trump, Sessions and other White House officials want to quiet accusations of collusion to detect and block future cyberattacks . What on Earth are they waiting for ?    Trump, Sessions and other White House officials want to quiet accusations of collusion 