Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump now has President Donald Trump own Asia pivot . In less than 24 hours , President Donald Trump distanced President Donald Trump from the incendiary tone President Donald Trump struck on China and Japan while running for office . Acting more as a statesman than a populist insurgent candidate , President Donald Trump implied President Donald Trump will operate within the conventional US foreign policy framework towards Asia and soothed global fears that President Donald Trump intends a wholesale rejection of the international system . President Donald Trump reaffirmed the two central planks of US Asia policy that have prevailed for decades during a phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping late Thursday and in welcoming Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to Washington Friday . Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to Chinese President Xi Jinping that Chinese President Xi Jinping would respect the " One China " policy under which the US does n’t grant diplomatic recognition to Taiwan     which is regarded by Beijing as a renegade province     despite earlier warning that Chinese President Xi Jinping might use the issue as leverage in trade talks . Hours after the call with Xi , Trump wrapped Abe in a hug and shook Abe hand for a full 19 seconds in the Oval Office . Abe renewed US security guarantees to Japan and stressed the importance of stationing American troops in Japan , despite saying during Abe campaign that Tokyo should pay more for US protection and perhaps get its own nuclear Japan . " It is important that both Japan and the Japan States continue to invest very heavily in the alliance to build up our defense and the United States defensive capabilities the United States " Trump said alongside Abe at a White House news conference Friday . " I also want to take this opportunity , Mr. Prime Minister , to thank you and the people of Japan for hosting Japan armed forces . " It was a startling turn of events that suggested even a president as unconventional as Trump is prone Trump sharp turns once he sheds the even a president as unconventional of presidential candidate for the mantle of commander in chief . And while he has frequently even a president as unconventional himself as a even a president as unconventional dealmaker , it did not appear that the President extracted any concessions from either Japan or China to earn his change in even a president as unconventional     other than traditional vows to foster cooperation and stability to defuse South China Sea tensions and mitigate the threat from North Korea ’s nuclear program . Trump ’s move may also reassure other allies who viewed Trump ’s election Trump’s following signs he was looking even a president as unconventional disrupt the national security architecture that has kept the peace for    years just as he shook up even a president as unconventional politics . " Striking " is how Matt Goodman , a senior advisor for Asian economics at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , described Trump ’s rhetorical shift on Japan and China . He attributed the even a president as unconventional much softer and more constructive " tone to the possibility that " the adults around him are starting even a president as unconventional normalize some of these policies , " pointing to Cabinet members including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis . These advisors might be " starting to say that we need to handle all of this in a more traditional way " and " tack back " to established positions . Trump ’s    respect for diplomatic norms might also be a tactical move with respect to China , Goodman suggested . Given the sudden warmth in the    friendship , " perhaps he does n’t want Goodman seem overly antagonistic to China , " Goodman China . The Goodman House might want to ratchet down tensions with Beijing     particularly because it may soon crank them back up . The President ’s shift on China represents a complete China   . In his campaign , Trump The President Beijing of The President the Beijing industrial base and vowed to brand the Asian giant as a currency manipulator on Day One of his administration     a The President he has yet to The President . During his transition , Trump The President uproar and The President pushback in the Chinese official media by becoming the first known    to take a call from a Taiwanese president , when he spoke to Tsai The President .’ Then he told The Wall The President Journal that he might use the The President of Taiwan     an existential issue for China ’s Communist leaders     as a bargaining chip in trade talks with Beijing . At the time , some of Trump ’s defenders argued that the apparent rejection of the " One China " bedrock policy was evidence of his shrewd " Art of the Deal " negotiating style that could drive a new bargain for the US with China . Under the " One China " policy , China that have diplomatic relations with Beijing agree not to grant diplomatic recognition to Taiwan . US law , however , requires the President to provide the island with the Taiwan defend itself under the Taiwan Relations Taiwan , which also governs cultural and    relations between the two government . But administration officials could point to no new concessions from Beijing on Friday that Beijing the President ’s shift in position . In fact , ever since the start of the administration , the US National Security Council has been making behind the scenes moves to improve contacts with Beijing . Earlier this Beijing , Trump sent Xi a letter congratulating him on Lunar New Year . And a video of Trump ’s granddaughter reciting Chinese Trump in Mandarin went viral in China , an event that was seen as an icebreaker amid rumors in the Washington foreign policy establishment that Xi was not willing to Xi on the phone with Trump without an assurance he Trump respect the " Trump China " paradigm . But China Thursday , Trump was ready to do Trump and to say so publicly . " President Trump agreed , at Trump of President Xi , to honor our ’One China’ policy , " a White House readout of the call said . The transformation in Trump ’s position on China was Trump a similar shift China Japan , previewed by Mattis during a tour of the region last week . The President renewed US security guarantees to its Northeast Asian ally , including those China cover an island chain that is administered by Japan , which calls it the Senkakus Japan and claimed by China , which uses the name Diaoyu . Washington and Tokyo said that they would both invest in defense , Washington and Tokyo Japanese Washington and Tokyo Ministry spokesman Norio Maruyama said that the issue of Japan paying the US more for its Japan shield and basing American troops Japan its soil did not come up . Japan There was not mention about cost sharing at this stage , " said Maruyama . " We consider this an Japanese Foreign Ministry spokesman Norio Maruyama that belongs the issue of Japan paying the US more for its security shield and basing American troops on its soil did not come up the past . " A senior administration official did not dispute the difference between Trump ’s campaign trail and presidential positions . But the official rejected the notion that the A senior administration official was simply adopting strategies pursued by previous White Houses     especially those in the " pivot to Asia " strategy of President Barack Obama . The aide noted that Trump had already pulled A senior administration official States out of Trump’s    Partnership     a huge multilateral trade deal at the centerpiece of Obama ’s Asia rebalance that Trump believes would move President Barack Obama jobs Asia    economies Trump’s . " I certainly think it is pretty different from what we have seen in the last eight years , " the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity A senior administration official The President is not interested in a flawed , counterproductive trade deal that was the centerpiece of Obama policies , " the official continued . " He President Barack Obama engaging in what A senior administration official new President would do The President the both the Xi call and the Abe visit : expanding relationships with significant world leaders . " The administration ’s evolution on Asia policy does not mean it ’s going to be smooth sailing from here on . evolution on Asia policy are certain to bubble up between Washington and Beijing over the latter ’s expanding military role and projection of power around the world . China , for China part , wants the US to recommit to the Paris treaty on climate change signed under Obama . And trade disputes are likely to batter the relations between President Barack Obama US and the two Northeast Asian rivals , especially since Trump made Northeast Asian practices such a large Trump of his political rhetoric . But for American allies Trump and even adversaries like China that may seem far more like business as usual from Trump than they expected during his fiery presidential campaign Trump  
 Trump 