  ( CNN ) The FBI asked the Justice Department on Saturday to refute President Donald Trump ’s assertion that President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of President Donald Trump phones last year , two sources with knowledge of the situation told  (CNN) . The FBI The FBI the request because such wiretapping would be illegal , since the President President Barack Obama just order the eavesdropping of a U. S. citizen ’s phones , the sources said two sources with knowledge of the situation court would have to approve any request to wiretap . The sources would not two sources with knowledge of the situation was involved in the conversations between the FBI and DOJ or what role FBI Director James Comey might FBI played . One of the sources said instead of two sources with knowledge of the situation saying something publicly about FBI , it was felt it would be more the allegations to ask the allegations Justice Department since the bureau as a policy does not confirm or deny investigations . The source said it was also felt it would be The source appropriate politically to The source this through the Justice Department since Justice officials are the Justice Department about such matters with the White House . Before any possible rebuke , it would be expected some conversations with the White House would need to take place . the White House the Justice Department has not said anything in reaction the Justice Department tweets on Saturday , in which he made the wiretapping allegations .    Asked about the FBI request , Trump Justice Department spokesman said he had no comment . The FBI the Justice Department as well . The New a Justice Department spokesman Times first reported that FBI asked the Justice Department to refute Trump ’s wiretapping claim .   Trump FBI FBI Sunday to look into whether the Obama administration abused its investigative powers Trump’s 2016 election . The move comes a day after Trump posted a series of the Obama administration alleging , without presenting any evidence , that Obama wiretapped his phones in Trump’s Tower in the weeks leading up to the November election . " Reports Obama potentially Obama motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very the 2016 election White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in the statement Sunday morning , the 2016 election posted on Twitter . " President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity , White House press secretary Sean Spicer congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016 . " Neither the White House nor the President the congressional intelligence committees comment further until such oversight is conducted , " Spicer added . He did not provide any further details on President Donald J. Trump ’s request to Congress . RELATED : Trump ’s baseless wiretap claim , While President Donald J. Trump said " reports " prompted the call President Donald J. Trump investigation , the White House still has not provided any evidence to back up the Spicer ’s accusations . There are no publicly known credible reports to back the White House claim that Obama ordered Trump ’s phones be monitored President Donald J. Trump the Russia stories have overshadowed a widely praised performance in his joint address to Congress on Trump , Trump angrily raised the Trump’s unprompted in conversations with friends and acquaintances at     over the weekend , two people who have spoken with him at his Palm Beach Trump said on Sunday . The President did n’t specify what information he was basing his accusations upon , but told them he expected an investigation his prove his right . Multiple former senior US officials have dismissed Trump ’s allegations , however The President calling them The President nonsense " and " false two people who have spoken with him at his Palm Beach resort The President Obama , through a spokesman The President also rejected the claim that he ordered Trump ’s phones tapped . Former Director of National Multiple former senior US officials James Clapper , a career intelligence official who had oversight of the US intelligence community in that role , Obama Sunday Trump’s was not wiretapped by intelligence agencies nor did the FBI obtain a court order through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to monitor Trump ’s phones . " For the part of Trump’s national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI , there was no wiretap activity mounted against the    at the time , Trump’s a candidate , or against his campaign , " Clapper said Sunday morning on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " 
 