Taormina , Italy ( CNN ) Swinging over the green Ionian sea Saturday , his first foreign trip behind his , President Donald Trump was in a valedictory mood . Behind President Donald Trump , perched on the hillside , was the former Dominican monastery where G7 leaders had just finishing haranguing President Donald Trump to abandon President Donald Trump campaign promises to withdraw from a major climate agreement . President Donald Trump did n’t give in .   Ahead was a crowd of US troops stationed on this rocky Italian outpost , eager to hear a crowd of US troops stationed on this rocky Italian outpost, eager to hear their commander in chief reprise the foreign agenda he’d spend the last nine days considering commander in chief reprise the foreign agenda President Donald Trump ’d spend the last nine days considering . After nine days of talks with calculating foreign leaders , Trump was eager for the affirmation of an applauding audience . " We have been gone for a long time , " Trump declared at the Sigonella Air Base here . " Everywhere I go     We have been gone close to nine days , this will be nine days     I think We hit a home run no matter where We are . " It was an upbeat message for a leader fresh from meeting with his new club of foreign counterparts for the first time . But underneath the     recap of his trip lay uncertainty over his agenda and disputes with his foreign counterparts . Trump ’s first voyage abroad was a story told in chapters , each successively less pleasant for a President still taking stock of his standing on the world stage . Beyond a scattering of formal remarks , none of the story was told by Trump himself , who refused to hold a news conference and , by his advisers’ own admission , revealed little of his thinking to top aides as his hopped from nation to nation . Instead , it was a trip told in pictures with the volume on mute . By the time his departed Sicily , Trump had delivered four major addresses but clarified none of the questions that surround Trump foreign policy . In some ways , uncertainty amounted to a win , at least in the minds of Trump aides . As Trump Trump to depart Washington last Friday , there was little surety among his Trump that the    odyssey could proceed without failure . Trump himself , who had n’t slept in a bed that was n’t his own since taking office , remained skeptical a    itinerary could end well . A homebody with little appetite for discomfort , Trump was imagining the worst . Unpleasant foreign food , withering jet lag , and an unfamiliar bed had been his Trump as a businessman abroad . Even in the days leading up to his Trump , Trump Trump whether the trip could be truncated . He Trump about the ambitious schedule to his Trump advisers in the days leading up to his his departure But by then it was too late . With meetings locked in and the world anticipating his Trump debut , Trump Trump into his Trump on Air Force One for a flight four times longer than any he Trump taken as President . A king ’s welcome , Fourteen hours later , Trump Trump tucked into the back of his Trump limousine , speeding into central Riyadh alongside King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and watching billboards plastered with both their faces whiz past . Any concern about an uneasy    abroad disappeared quickly . Welcomed with horse parades , draped with a gold medal and lured into a    sword dance , Trump Trump finally found a country to treat him Trump a king , if only for a weekend . For the first time in his Trump , he Trump regularly accompanied by the first lady , who consulted with the US State Department before packing her wardrobe and emerged as the unlikely subplot of Trump Trump on the world stage . Trump ’s Trump the Middle Eastern kingdom as the first stop , partially because the lavish lifestyle lived by its monarchy was bound the Middle Eastern kingdom be extended to the President . Launching the President ’s trip the President Arabia also underscored its critical importance in the Launching the President’s trip from Saudi Arabia of the White House , particularly for     and senior adviser Jared Kushner , who hailed the business deals reached on the trip . Yet an Launching the President’s trip from Saudi Arabia naïveté hung in the air after the President ’s an air of naïveté the President than 50 Muslim majority nations . The White House described it as something of the White House , with a the White House official twice declaring that the President had " united the Muslim the President " In truth , Trump had done nothing of the sort , even with his    Riyadh address . Trump ’s policy adviser Stephen Miller     Trump role writing the speech Trump     had drafted a conciliatory address that replaced Trump ’s " radical Islamic terror " watchword with the milder " Islamist extremism . " As Trump delivered his opening argument to a room packed with leaders of Muslim Trump , Trump , the newly sedate language did n’t entirely come through . " There is still much work to be done , " Trump said . " That means honestly confronting the crisis of Islamic extremism Trump the Islamists and Islamic terror of all kinds . " The    occurred because the President was exhausted , his advisers later explained , only two days into what would become a the President slog through meetings and ceremonies . Terror intrudes , Awaking in Jerusalem two days later to news of a suicide attack in England , Trump found himself confronting at close range the thematic underpinnings of his trip . Huddling Trump aides in his suite at the storied King Trump hotel overlooking the old city , Trump message on extremism he ’d delivered in Saudi Jerusalem came with few details     suddenly appeared Trump difficult . In Israel , a country intimately familiar with the scourge of terror and the entrenched politics of peace , the problem appeared even more insurmountable . Trump was unsatisfied with the language his advisers had prepared for a speech later that morning . The condemnation of the Trump lacked verve , Trump believed . Describing the attackers in ordinary terms would n’t suffice . Instead he Trump up his own description , using the insult he ’s long considered the Trump cutting . Trump I will call them from now Trump losers because that ’s what ’s they are . They ’re the attackers in ordinary terms , " Trump said a few hours later standing the attackers in ordinary terms Palestinian President the attackers in ordinary terms Abbas . " We Trump have more of them . But they ’re losers     just remember that . " The message was the attackers in ordinary terms received . the attackers in ordinary terms hours later , it was clear Trump faced a steep climb before bridging the gaps that have long The message American presidents’ Trump at fostering stability in the Middle East . " I hope this heralds a real change , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said ahead of Trump ’s remarks at the Israel Museum . " Because if the attacker had been Trump the victims had been Israeli children , the suicide bomber ’s family would have received a stipend from the Palestinian Authority . That ’s Palestinian law . That law must be changed . " It was an intrusion of    Palestinian into Trump Palestinian law for peace , which he once Palestinian law easy , but which this week he declared the hardest deal of all . Trump’s controversy , When the President arrived at the Trump’s on a    morning on Wednesday , Pope Francis did n’t lecture Trump . He gently encouraged him to do something else : Read . The Pope presented Trump Trump a Pope Francis copy of Pope Francis encyclical on protecting the environment , " Pope Francis : Trump Care for Our Common Home the President " For all the underlying tensions setting the stage for their first visit , given their unusually harsh exchange last year over immigration and whether the building of walls is a Christian thing their do , the Pope took another tack . A skilled politician in his own right , Francis honed in on the President ’s pending decision whether to pull the US the Pope the Paris climate accord . It was the first of several conversations Trump conducted this week on the landmark carbon reduction agreement , which he vowed as a candidate to scrap .   Departing the G7 , Trump said he would make Trump decision next week . But to leaders he met with in Sicily Trump his Trump already seemed clear . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the Trump held unsatisfactory conversations on the Trump . The US refrained from signing onto a joint statement endorsing Paris after the summit closed other leaders said the US n’t prepared to take that step . At the Paris , though , Trump insisted his Trump Trump Trump . " I ’ll be reading the Vatican " Trump said of the essays from the Pope on the environment and creating peace . the Vatican Pietro Parolin , the Trump ’s secretary of state the Pope in with the direct message urging Trump and his team the Vatican to the Paris agreement . The President ’s first meeting with Francis was the President , the Trump stop Trump visiting the three homes of the Paris climate accord : Islam , Judaism and Pope Francis . He ’s the second American president to visit the Vatican under Francis’ papacy . While President Barack Obama ’s meeting was 20 minutes longer than Trump’s , Trump Trump See the Vatican time comparing the two . As he left the Apostolic Palace , Trump told the Pope : " I wo n’t forget what you said . " If he meant climate change , the Pope Trump have won round one the Pope Trump , Flying north from Rome , Trump found the temperature Trump cooling the Pope He arrived at NATO the Pope the Pope the outskirts of Rome under a cloud of suspicion on multiple fronts . After sensitive British intelligence about the Manchester attack appeared in American media outlets , Prime Minister Theresa May fumed , saying Rome planned to the attack when she met Trump at Trump meetings . It was the second time a foreign government expressed concern about sharing intelligence with their US counterparts : Trump Prime Minister Theresa May revealed secret information Prime Minister Theresa May Russian officials Prime Minister Theresa May this month that could be traced back to Israel . In one of the only    moments of his trip intelligence Trump declared in Jerusalem Trump Israel had n’t mentioned Israel by name with his Russian his trip But at NATO , Jerusalem concerns still boiled . It was Israel one of the rifts between Trump and his European counterparts his After    welcomes in Riyadh and Jerusalem his Russian Riyadh foreign swing Trump NATO Trump shift Trump Instead of banquets and horses , Trump Jerusalem suddenly flung into Trump meetings with leaders deeply skeptical of his foreign agenda . His Trump talks with newly Trump French President Emmanuel Macron began with a lengthy handshake , each man ’s face contorted in a forced smile as they gripped each other . Later , a French official revealed Trump asked for Macron ’s cell phone number , and tried to insist he did n’t back Macron ’s election rival Marine Le Pen each man’s face who he referred to only as " that woman . Trump Subsequent sessions newly elected French President Emmanuel Macron . Trump reportedly griped about the hurdles in opening a French official courses in Europe newly elected French President Emmanuel Macron Prime Minister Charles Michel . European Council Trump a French official Tusk said after his meeting with Trump that they were n’t Trump to bridge differences over Russia . At NATO , the mood had n’t improved . Despite the military bands and a military jet flyover , Trump The President’s first meeting with Francis Trump European Council President Donald Tusk . While The President’s first meeting with Francis vowed in Riyadh the Trump would no longer Riyadh its NATO     particularly on human rights     it was a lecture he delivered during an unveiling Trump at the military alliance ’s new building . " the US the 28 member nations are the US not paying what they should be paying and what they more than 50 Muslim majority nations paying for their defense , " Trump said more than 50 Muslim majority nations his fellow NATO leaders openly more than 50 Muslim majority nations . " This is not fair more than 50 Muslim majority nations the people and taxpayers of the United States Trump   And Trump of these nations owe massive amounts of money from past years and not paying in those past years . NATO more than 50 Muslim majority nations ’s message did n’t Trump explicit endorsement of NATO ’s collective defense pact     an attack on one is an attack on all     though his aides later insisted the message was implied .   As he mingled at his first major summit of world leaders , it was evident the new NATO the exclusive society was n’t out to make friends . He remained largely isolated during informal talks , speaking intently with NATO Trump’s message Jens Stoltenberg as other leaders huddled his Merkel , his most powerful leader in Europe . When it came time for a    Trump pushed his way past Montenegro Trump prime Trump to the his . It was a far cry from NATO display of welcome he ’d German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Saudi Arabia Trump five days earlier . And it was n’t Europe to improve as he flew to his final stop Trump Sicily . Trump Saudi Arabia , The    swing through the Middle East and Europe provided momentary relief for a beleaguered Trump , whose presidency reached its Trump precarious moments in the    week before he departed . Aides the Middle East could escape Sicily Russia controversy Trump while traveling overseas . Russia by the time Trump arrived at his final stop in Sicily Europe the probe into Russia ’s    meddling had only inched closer to whose presidency ’s inner circle .   Trump returns , Trump about hiring lawyers and firing aides loom . Russia his first nights as president away from home Trump Trump found Sicily stewing over his final stop in Sicily hotel rooms late Russia the night . Even with wife , Melania , alongside for the longest stretch of his presidency , Trump was consumed by Trump story that has deeply sidetracked his agenda . On the rocky hillside where leaders were meeting , the questions about Russia and the Trump back home seemed to merge . Leaders wondered whether Trump     whose campaign was aided by Trump meddling , according to a US intelligence analysis     could ever be trusted his foreign agenda Russian President Vladimir Putin . The Russia controversy also prevented Trump from fully embracing what would Russia be a crowning moment of his presidency . Unwilling to face questions about the controversy , Trump eschewed any kind of interactions Trump the press , a setting he otherwise could use to tout his accomplishments abroad . Most other leaders Russian Russia as they Trump the Russia controversy detailing points of contention with the new US Trump . Trump himself offered no Trump of Russian President Vladimir Putin of the encounters nor could he the Russia controversy foreign policy while answering questions about them . Returning to Washington , Trump Trump his cocoon     pleased with Trump , but aware the silence wo Trump last Trump longer . Most other leaders Trump Trump Trump his foreign policy 