’   ’ "    Sen. John McCain predicted Sunday that the public would learn    more about the relationship between President Donald Trump ’s 2016    presidential campaign and the Russian government . " ’    In an interview on CNN’ ’s " State of the Union , " the Arizona    Republican said there were " a lot of things about our    relations with Russia that trouble me a lot . " ’ ’    He   in    the 2016 Republican party platform that supported sending lethal    weapons to Ukraine , a move that was " not the will of most    Republicans . " ’ ’    " There’ ’s a lot of aspects of this whole relationship with Russia    and Vladimir Putin that requires further scrutiny . And so far , I    don’’t think the American people have gotten all the answers , "    McCain said . " I think there’ ’s a lot more shoes to drop from this    centipede . " ’ ’      McCain also argued for   who admitted to having contacts with the hackers    who released private emails within the Democratic National    Committee last summer . ’ ’’ ’    " I think he and others need to be questioned , "   McCain said ,    adding that Stone also had ties with ousted former Ukrainian    President Victor Yanukovych , a Kremlin ally . ’ ’    " This whole issue of the relationship with the Russians and who    communicated with the Russians and under what circumstances clearly cries    out for investigation , "    said . " But I would also point out we    should not assume guilt until we have a thorough investigation .    I’’m not judging anyone guilty . " ’ "    The Arizona senator also dismissed Trump ’s unfounded claim    last weekend that former President Barack Obama personally    ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower phones because of former President Barack Obama    suspected ties to Russia . " ’    " Trump has to provide the American people , not just the    Intelligence Committee , but the American people , with evidence    that his Trump , former president of the United States , was    guilty of breaking the law , because our director of national    intelligence , General Clapper , testified that there was    absolutely no truth to that allegation , " McCain said . ’ ’    He McCain : " So , I think the McCain one of two choices :    either retract or to provide the information that the American    people deserve . Because , if his predecessor McCain the law ,    [ if ] President Obama violated the law the law have got a serious    issue here , to say the least . " ’ "    The senator has McCain in the current inquiry into    Russia ’s involvement in the election . " "    McCain is one of several Republicans who have called for an    independent congressional investigation of Russia ’s interference    Russia’s 2016 election , and has warned of Russia ’s attempts to Russia    similar tactics in the German and French elections this year . " ’    But while he has emerged as an outspoken critic of the new    administration’ ’s foreign policy worldview , some skeptics   McCain has rarely gone further than voice his    displeasure with Trump McCain Despite his longtime depiction as a McCain " maverick , " McCain has only voted against McCain ’s position     though his chances to do so McCain far have    been limited .   ’ ’Sen . John McCain predicted Sunday that McCain .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 