  ( CNN ) Celebrity chef Jose Andres wants President Donald Trump to know that President Donald Trump offer to end their legal battle is still on the table .   In December , Celebrity chef Jose Andres tweeted about the litigation and suggested an end to their fight stemming from President Donald Trump controversial remarks about Mexican immigrants .   " Mr. @realDonaldTrump can we end our we and we we $ to a Veterans NGO to celebrate ? Why keep litigating ? Let ’s both of us we , " Celebrity chef Jose Andres tweeted . " I offer it because Celebrity chef Jose Andres has to run the country , " Celebrity chef Jose Andres told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " AC360 . " " And I have to run my little group of restaurants . Why do n’t we we that on the side ? Unfortunately , no response yet . "   In July 2015 , Celebrity chef Jose Andres backed out of a plan to open up a restaurant in the lobby of the Trump International Hotel in Washington after Trump called undocumented Mexican immigrants " rapists " and " criminals " when he launched his he for president . Trump Trump sued Celebrity chef Jose Andres for breach of contract in August 2015 , causing both Celebrity chef Jose Andres and fellow chef Geoffrey Zakarian     who also backed out of his he to open up a restaurant in the hotel     to file   . They ’ve been locked in a battle for more than a year . Andres , who campaigned for Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election told Cooper that he Mr. Trump He Cooper a phone call from the    presidential candidate prior to the lawsuit , where he Cooper to address Andres’ concerns .   " He Cooper , ’Jose we ’re winning,’ " Andres told Cooper Cooper " Mr. Trump , I ’m not running on your ticket . I only want to run a successful restaurant and you ’re making it really difficult . " Andres added that he told Trump his Andres needs to Andres . Mr. Trump Andres to Andres , Trump suggested they wait until Andres the Mr. Trump to discuss immigration reform .   Andres said he fired back , " Andres Trump Andres this is almost nine Mr. Trump . I need to find a solution to what ’s happening right now . And right now you are making , with your comments , our business almost impossible . " Just days before his inauguration , Trump was deposed in the Andres against Andres Mr. Trump Lawyers in both cases said at Andres time that there was no chance of a settlement .  
 