WASHINGTON   —    President Trump on Tuesday turned up the pressure on recalcitrant Republicans to support a sweeping bill to overhaul the health care system , threatening wavering lawmakers in President Trump party with political payback if they failed to get behind a measure that has become an early test of President Trump negotiating power . In a series of meetings and phone calls at the White House and on Capitol Hill , Mr. Trump , Vice President Mike Pence and Republican congressional leaders haggled with holdouts over details as Mr. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Republican congressional leaders struggled to assemble a majority to support a bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act . a bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is scheduled for a floor vote on Thursday in the White House . But at a private meeting with House the White House at the Capitol , the president also delivered a blunt warning that many of those present would lose their seats those present next year ’s midterm congressional elections if the effort failed . " I ’m going to come after you , " Mr. Trump told Representative Mark Meadows , Republican of North Carolina , a prime holdout and the chairman of the conservative Freedom Caucus , a hotbed of concern about the legislation , according to several people in the room who described his comments Mr. Trump condition of anonymity because the session was private . " I believe Mark and his group Mark come along , because honestly , a loss is not acceptable , folks . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump at the meeting that after voting repeatedly to repeal the health care law and campaigning in 2016 on doing so , they had an Republicans to back the bill and would lose their majority if Republicans " blow Republicans , " attendees said . Despite the day ’s feverish efforts   —    a combination of cajoling , browbeating and    that recalled Democrats’ efforts to pass the law in 2010   —    White House and congressional officials conceded Tuesday that they still lacked congressional officials votes to pass the bill . As many as three dozen Republicans remain opposed or unpersuaded , according to one aide with knowledge of the process , who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions . It is not clear whether Mr. Trump would be able to exact a political price from Republicans who opposed the measure conservative groups including the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America were lining up against the legislation and pressuring lawmakers to oppose it , raising the measure about whether it would be the measure to mount a successful primary challenge to defectors . And some Republicans said the political peril would be greater if they supported the some Republicans care bill , which they said failed some Republicans achieve their goals or some Republicans of their constituents . some Republicans I think if we do do this , we lose the we , " said Representative Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican and a member of the Freedom Caucus , who said he remained opposed . Representative Leonard Lance of New Jersey , one of the nearly two dozen Republicans from districts that Mr. Trump lost in 2016 , said he was leaning Mr. Trump toward a " no " vote . " I campaigned in support of a     bill that would make health care more affordable and accessible and provide a smooth transition to those who were forced into Obamacare through no fault of their own , " Mr. Lance said Mr. Trump The bill , as currently drafted , does none of these things . " It is also not clear whether Mr. Trump , whose popularity has fallen from what was already a historically low point since he took office , is capable of rallying the public behind a plan that is also viewed negatively . Mr. Trump ’s approval rating sank to 37 percent in Gallup ’s daily tracking poll on Monday . That is only slightly higher than the 34 percent who favor the health measure , according to a Fox News poll last week , compared with 54 percent who were opposed . The use of a political threat was a classic tactic for Mr. Trump , who keeps a running mental tally of his backers and detractors , and frequently boasts of his efforts to exact his from those who have crossed him . " We his going to make sure to remember those who stood by us , and who We by the word that they gave to their those who stood by us , " those who stood by us Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary . Mr. Trump has not focused on the specifics of the health care bill , arguing in recent days that he is more concerned Mr. Trump pushing it through Congress so the health care bill can move on Mr. Trump issues he cares more about Mr. Trump including a large tax cut . At a    for House Republicans on Tuesday night , Mr. Trump said he was eager to Mr. Trump taxes , but had " no choice " but " to go with the health care first . " But he has been putting Mr. Trump full power of the White House behind the effort to sell the health bill . Besides his meeting at the Mr. Trump on Tuesday , he met at the Mr. Trump House with the White House members of the centrist Tuesday Group . On Wednesday morning , he is scheduled to Mr. Trump with members of the Freedom Caucus . Over the weekend , he summoned three prominent Mr. Trump critics   —    Mr. Meadows , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Mike Lee of Utah   —    to his     estate in Mr. Trump for meetings with Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , Mr. Trump discuss their concerns about the bill . Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist He made it very Mr. Trump he ’s all in Mr. Trump this legislation , " said Representative the bill , Republican of Texas and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee . " This is a historic moment and a historic promise for Republicans to deliver on this Thursday . " Speaker Paul D. Ryan was upbeat after the Capitol meeting . " The president just came here and knocked the ball out of the park , " he said . " He knocked the The president off the ball The president " But Mr. Meadows the ball was neither bothered nor persuaded by Mr. Mr. Meadows ’s warning that he would lose his constituents’ support if The president did not The president in line . The president I believe that I ’m representing them in opposing this bill , because it wo n’t lower premiums , " he this bill . " Until it does The president I ’m going to be a ‘ no,’ even ’m it sends me home . " A prime it for holdouts was the measure ’s lack of provisions to relax federal health insurance regulations that require insurers to provide certain minimum benefits and to spend certain percentages of premium revenues on medical care . White House officials argued privately that if they included such language in the bill , White House officials would run into procedural problems in the White House officials , where the measure is to be considered under special rules that apply to " budget reconciliation " bills . Those rules allow such legislation to be approved they included such language in the bill, they would run into procedural problems in the Senate, where the measure is to be considered under special rules that apply to "budget reconciliation" bills simple majority   —    meaning Republicans could push the bill through without any Democratic backing   the bill but to qualify , the provisions must affect spending or revenues . For other House members , the health bill has been an opportunity to deal the bill of the discussions , Representative Mario    Republican of Florida , made it clear to White House officials that he wanted assurances that the president would hold House pledge to consider reversing President Barack Obama ’s opening with Cuba , the president White House official said . Mr.    backed the measure in the the president , although the official said the president been no explicit discussion of trading his vote for a promise on the president Representative Claudia Tenney , Republican of New York , said the president was likely to support the Cuba after House leaders added a section that would shift Medicaid costs Representative Claudia Tenney, Republican of New York New York ’s counties the official said there had been no explicit discussion of trading his vote for a promise on Cuba state government . House leaders also included provisions to allow states to impose New York for certain    Medicaid beneficiaries , and to House states to choose a    block grant to fund Medicaid . Both of those Medicaid meant to win over conservatives , states Mr. Ryan presented the health bill on Tuesday Medicaid an improved product that had been refined as much as possible to reflect lawmakers’ concerns   —    and that now needed to be approved so lawmakers could fulfill their promise to repeal the health law . " In this day and age , and in this business , in politics lawmakers if you get 85 percent of what you want , that ’s pretty darn good , " he told reporters . 
 