Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump proclaimed Saturday that if elected , the US would be " best friends " with India , a comment that could cause consternation in Pakistan . " the US ’re going to be best friends , " Donald Trump said of India during remarks at a Republican Hindu Coalition event . " There is n’t going to be any relationship more important to us . " The Embassy of Pakistan did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . However , in an interview with the Hindustan Times just before addressing the crowd of Donald Trump Donald Trump he Donald Trump be willing to play a mediating role in addressing the " very , very hot tinderbox " of Kashmir between India and Pakistan Pakistan India India Pakistan Pakistan Kashmir Kashmir : What you need to know , " If it was necessary I would do that . If we could get India India and Pakistan along , I would be honored to do that . That would be a tremendous achievement . .. I think if they wanted me India and Pakistan , I would love to be the mediator or arbitrator , " Trump said in the interview .   India India long opposed    mediation on Kashmir . It India United Nations    Ban   ’s offer in late September to play a role .   Pakistan Pakistan on the other hand , has sought international help in resolving the    conflict . Recently , it India India India what it India as humanitarian violations in    Kashmir . Kashmir Kashmir Kashmir the   conflict recent weeks , with tensions at their worst in a decade .   the   conflict than a dozen Indian soldiers were killed in an attack on an army base last month . India India the finger at Pakistan , which denied the accusations , and responded by carrying out what it called " surgical strikes " in the disputed border region . Another mediation offer raised eyebrows in India India 2008 , when   . Barack Obama , a candidate for president , suggested a US role in mediating the Kashmir dispute . Obama has n’t again suggested such a role . And the United States’ position has been that it would mediate , but only if the United States’ position sides reached out and asked it to step in . 
 the United States’ position 