In a    interview with Esquire magazine , George Clooney named Donald Trump as the reason George Clooney ca n’t " defend " America from critics around the world . [ " How am I to defend us when the only voice that ’s coming out from across the sea is banning Muslims ? That ’s the problem with what ’s going on . That ’s not that That ’s gon na happen That ’s that us ’re broadcasting this to the rest of the world , " Clooney said .   " Here ’s the thing about Trump —   I was just in Amsterdam , and I ’m up onstage , and they go , ‘ What ’s going on with Trump Trump ’ " he Trump . " And I said : " Look , we us not going to do these things . We us not going to deport Muslims . We us not going to build a wall . " The leading Republican presidential candidate has been bombarded by harsh criticism from members of the mainstream press and Hollywood elites like George Clooney after Trump Trump his George Clooney to build a wall on the U. S.   border and to temporarily shut down Third World Muslim immigration into America . " But the problem is all these other countries hear these things , and all of a sudden you see in France that [ ] Le Pen is going , ‘ Bravo,’ " Clooney added . " You get all of these nutcases on the    fringe saying , ‘ Well , if America America that   …     ’ That is the real problem with Trump —   his Trump bleed into the rest of the world . " The Hail , Caesar ! star conducted the Esquire interview in early March , just after Donald Trump discussed the size of his Donald Trump during a Fox news GOP debate . " I guarantee you , there is no problem . I guarantee you , " Trump Donald Trump referring to his Donald Trump part . " Last night ’s debate will be known as the       debate , " Clooney said . " When you could have been saying , ‘ Let ’s ‘ about what we ‘ are going to do about refugees . ’ " The     actor also discussed his The    actor relationship with Democratic White House hopeful , Hillary Clinton . " I was very , very , very glad that she Hillary Clinton Secretary of State and that she Hillary Clinton an informed , responsible , smart person , " Clooney said of the first time he Clooney with Clinton Hillary Clinton " I do n’t think she Hillary Clinton nearly as good a campaigner as she Hillary Clinton be a leader . " Clooney Clooney his Clooney hosted a $    fundraiser for Hillary Hillary Clinton The event Clooney and his wife $ 15 million for Clinton and Hillary Clinton DNC . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 