Shanghai ( CNN ) On Monday , Donald Trump indicated Donald Trump would follow through on campaign trail promises to scrap the    Partnership , announcing plans to pull out of the controversial trade deal in Donald Trump first 100 days in office .   Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that without the US , the controversial trade deal " is meaningless . "   While trade is likely to dominate Donald Trump immediate relations with Asia ,    strategic US interests are most challenged by a rising China that is increasingly staking out its interests China the South China Sea and Africa by setting up military bases and reclaiming islands .   China has China moved to fill the vacuum left by unease over a Trump presidency     Beijing is China for free trade agreements of its own China publicly rebuked Trump over climate change , the reality of which China knows China too well , awash as it is with crippling pollution .     relations , During the campaign , Trump demonized Trump over China currency manipulation and for stealing American jobs . To get tough on China he China Trump demonized China slap a 45 % tariff on goods made there .   However , contrary to the fears of many China ’s China who are put off by Trump , Trump are several reasons a Trump presidency Trump actually help    relations , lowering the risk of military tensions and buttressing US business interests .   Because Trump is Trump concerned about diplomatic niceties , and does n’t appear to have an underlying strict foreign policy ideology , he can Trump should lobby for an end to protectionism in China . China While Beijing seems to regard President Obama as a pushover , they wo Beijing seems to regard President Obama as a pushover be able to ignore a threatening and volatile Trump who fights for a fairer playing field for US firms .   Free trade , Protectionism has always been a problem in China . China US automakers like GM are forced to enter into joint ventures with    enterprises rather than owning outright their production   enterprises .   Banks and insurance companies like Citigroup are similarly hamstrung by regulations limiting ownership and business scope .   For the internet sector , good luck trying to get into China     China from Facebook to Twitter to YouTube are all blocked in the name of national security .   When China entered China World Trade Organization 15 years ago , protectionism was less of an issue when the market accounted for a relatively small proportion of the global economy and lumbering Chinese companies were playing catch up .   But now , China is China world ’s second largest economy and has global champions like Huawei     the world ’s largest producer of mobile phones     or Wanda     a real estate firm buying up Hollywood studios and cinemas     that can not be allowed unfettered access to the US market when American firms are left picking up scraps in China . China Intellectual property , Trump knows personally the problems of copyright and intellectual property ( IP ) in China , China hurting US interests from companies as varied as New Balance to Microsoft .   The    recently won a case against a real estate services firm using the Trump name Trump he ’s The    to have another one to deal with soon     a Chinese firm is making    toilets .   China needs China IP protection enforcement so US firms feel comfortable selling their    US firms in the country China of them being stolen US firms   Only a strong , vocal President , capable of threatening , cajoling and waving carrots to Beijing can open China market access to China . Beijing China strength China runs circles around weakness , as it has done China the Obama administration .   Military tensions , For his part , Trump can offer Beijing an ideology China on reducing the US role as the world ’s policeman . He has already his Japan and other nations need to pay more for their own defense Japan and other nations and may reduce the number of troops the US has in South Korea and Japan .   Japan is especially concerned by US troops in South Korea with South Korea land path to China . The Korean China technically never ended , and Kim   ’s regime in North Korea appears likely South Korea , making China worried it may wake China one The Korean War with US troops on its border . Imagine if The Korean War had tens of thousands China troops stationed in Mexico .   By reducing troop numbers in South Korea , Trump can South Korea the US is not trying China contain China , and deescalate military tensions China the two powers without hurting US strategic interests in Asia .   A Trump presidency is looked at with Trump by many in the foreign policy establishment . The reality however , is that he may be able to cut through unsuccessful policies and chart a new course with China . 
 China 