After a plodding program on Tuesday , the hall at the Republican National Convention was finally electric with energy on Wednesday night . But it was n’t always the kind of energy a presidential nominee wants at the outset of a general election . Republican divisions were on colorful display and threatened to overshadow Mike Pence , the    nominee , who is well liked on the right . Our takeaways ( and some of Wednesday ’s best photos ) : He stuck to the script , reusing familiar lines and boiling down the Trump campaign ’s message into a neat sales pitch . There was no swearing and no attacking other Republicans . In other words , Mr. Pence , the governor of Indiana , gave He speech like a career politician   —    and his speech worked . Mr. Pence , overshadowed by Donald J. Trump throughout the    rollout , used Donald J. Trump first prominent solo performance to describe the 2016 election as a choice between a candidate of change ( Mr. Trump ) and " a stale agenda and the most predictable of names " in Hillary Clinton . Donald J. Trump vouched for Donald J. Trump moral character , calling him " Mr. Trump’s moral character right man for these times . " After two days of meandering speeches from obscure politicians and minor celebrities , Mr. Pence brought roars of enthusiasm from the crowd and set a high bar for Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump , with his more freewheeling Donald J. Trump , on Thursday . The    in the Republican primaries , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , did not endorse Mr. Trump for Donald J. Trump He congratulated him on Donald J. Trump the Donald J. Trump nomination but urged Americans only to vote their conscience in the Americans . At one point , Mr. Cruz explicitly looked Senator Ted Cruz of Texas 2016 election . " We ’re fighting not for one particular candidate or one campaign , " he said , but rather Senator Ted Cruz of Texas tell the next generation , " We did our best for We future We our country We " His speech earned rounds of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas booing in the room from the    crowd and only scattered chants of support from friendly delegations . But with a soaring address that touched on traditional    themes and praised the Republican Party ’s historical role in ending slavery , Mr. Cruz staked out a position for himself as a premier torchbearer Mr. Cruz conservative ideology   —    even in defiance of an unorthodox nominee . As Mr. Cruz gave a cold Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump , other    speakers tried a range of rhetorical strategies to persuade skeptics to back him . Rick Scott , the Mr. Cruz of Florida , noted Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings   — Mr. Trump He can be a little rough " Mr. Trump —    before defending him as a friend . Scott Walker Mr. Trump the governor of Wisconsin , said that failing to support Mr. Trump was equivalent to endorsing Mrs. Mr. Trump Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker , even repurposed Mr. Cruz ’s words into a plea for unity . " Ted Cruz said you can vote your conscience Mr. Cruz’s who will uphold the Constitution , " he said . " In this election , there Mr. Cruz’s only one candidate who will uphold the Constitution . " In a united party , these exhortations would be unnecessary . And every minute of airtime devoted to cajoling reluctant conservatives was a minute not aimed at winning over swing voters for the general election . Trump advisers promised that the this election would not be standard fare , but rather a " Trump convention . " More precisely , it has been a Trump family convention . Traditional leaders like Mr. Walker and the Trump speaker , Paul D. Ryan , have been confined to earlier time slots . Leading off the crucial 10 p. m. hour have been members of Mr. Trump ’s family : Donald Jr. regaled the audience on Trump of his father ’s business feats . On Wednesday , another son , Eric Donald Jr. , spoke of the    rehabilitation of Wollman Rink in Manhattan . The    schedule reflects Mr. Trump ’s narrow comfort zone and his conviction that the best surrogates are blood relatives . But it also Mr. Trump’s the effect of playing down the support he has earned The   schedule establishment Republicans just when his circle of allies needs Mr. Trump’s grow . 
 Mr. Trump’s 