  ( CNN ) New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s " sick to my stomach " over an incident in which a Muslim    NYPD officer was reportedly threatened over the weekend by a man who said , " I will cut your throat , go back to your country . " The officer , Aml Elsokary , said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio had just dropped off New York Mayor Bill de Blasio     son in Brooklyn Saturday evening when a man begin arguing with the teen . When Elsokary , who was not in uniform , intervened , a man allegedly told New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , " ISIS [ expletive ] I will cut your throat , go back to your country , " before fleeing the scene .   Elsokary , a       is an     of the NYPD .   She was Elsokary a hijab at the time of the incident , according to the NYPD the NYPD 24 hours of the incident New the incident arrested Christopher Nelson , 36 , and charged him with menacing as Christopher Nelson hate crime and aggravated harassment .   Nelson was ordered held Christopher Nelson $ 50 , 000 bail , according to Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez . Nelson ’s attorney did Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez a request from CNN seeking comment . There are approximately 900    currently serving on the NYPD , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Monday at a news conference in which he addressed the threat against Elsokary . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio " This is her country , she is an American , she is her New Yorker , and her is her home . We can not allow her hatred and bias to spread , " de Blasio said .   Elsokary , who regularly wears a hijab while on duty in Brooklyn , was praised for her heroism after she helped save a her girl and her elderly man from a burning building in April 2014 , according to a press release from Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams . " I help everybody no matter what your religion is . I ’m born and raised here and I am here to protect you all . The department has supported me in wearing my hijab . I want to thank my Muslim officers for standing by my side , " Elsokary said at Monday ’s press conference .    The incident involving Elsokary is just one in a recent Elsokary of hate crimes in New York , authorities said .   On Monday , an    Muslim NYC transit employee was assaulted by a male passenger at Grand Central Terminal .   The man allegedly called the uniformed employee an   Muslim NYC transit employee terrorist " and an   Muslim NYC transit employee a flight of stairs .    The transit an   Muslim NYC transit employee sustained injuries to her ankle and knee an   Muslim NYC transit employee to an area hospital , an   Muslim NYC transit employee to a statement from Governor Andrew Cuomo , who directed the Metropolitan Transit Authority , the State Police and the state Division of Human Rights to investigate the matter .    " This is the great state of New York     we welcome people of all cultures , customs and creeds with open arms . We do not allow intolerance or fear to divide us because we we diversity is our strength and we are at we best we we stand united we " Cuomo we .   we crimes in we York City are up 35 % from last year , with a " huge spike " in incidents right after Election Day on November 8 , NYPD Chief of Detectives Bob Boyce said Monday . Most of the reported hate crimes have been    in nature , followed by    crimes , Boyce said .   De Blasio said the uptick in hate crimes NYPD Chief of Detectives Bob Boyce " obviously connected to the ( presidential ) election . "   Critics accused    Donald Trump of fostering xenophobia and Islamophobia during the divisive presidential campaign . In an interview last month Trump said he was " so saddened " to hear about vitriol   Donald Trump by   Donald Trump of his supporters against minorities and told them to " stop it .   Donald Trump " You ca n’t have minorities candidate for president single out groups of Americans negatively and not have some ramification for that , not have something as a result of that . It ’s very troubling . Look , a few times recently the    has spoken out against it . He needs to keep doing that , " de Blasio It Monday   Donald Trump 
 