Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Mike Kelly wants    Donald Trump to begin repealing President Barack Obama ’s executive orders the moment Donald Trump assumes office . [ "   Donald Trump has a clear mandate to implement colossal change within the federal government , " Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Mike Kelly said in a statement .   " I encourage Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Mike Kelly to begin Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Mike Kelly administration with a powerful , principled , and productive achievement : on the first day of Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Mike Kelly presidency , Donald Trump should use his Donald Trump authority to end every harmful and unconstitutional executive order previously carried out by President Obama , " he Donald Trump . " By choosing to circumvent the legislative branch with most of his Donald Trump , President President Obama his    President Obama upon a hollow foundation , " Kelly continued . " Rather than moderate his policies President Obama work with lawmakers in Congress after the 2010 and 2014 midterm elections , the president President Obama his ‘ pen President Obama phone’ and declared he would ‘ President Obama that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions   …      that move the ball forward . ’ " Republicans in Congress will back Congress when he moves to President Obama unsign " Obama ’s executive orders —   as well as implement his own : President Obama Now , after a historic campaign fueled by a nationwide rejection of President Obama ’s failed philosophy and polices , a new president will wield that same pen to move the ball forward in a much more hopeful and prosperous direction for all Americans . The majority of America ’s Congress will support Mr. Trump in this endeavor . " Trump told supporters Mr. Trump the primary season and general election he would repeal Mr. Trump ’s numerous executive orders . " [ T]he first thing I ’d do is knock out some of the executive orders signed by our president , " Trump said after Mr. Trump the Nevada caucus . " Especially the one on the border where people are allowed to come in and just pour into our country like Swiss cheese . I ’m going to work out immediately to knock out Obamacare and start taking care of our vets and our . " " The one good thing about an executive order is that the new president , when he comes in an executive order boom , first day , first hour , first minute , you can rescind them , " the new president, when he comes in, boom, first day, first hour, first minute said last January . Obama ’s unilateral expansion of background checks for private gun sales , as well as his amnesty for Obama 1 . 4 million illegal aliens , are likely to be undone immediately after Trump ’s inauguration Trump 