Wednesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " former CNN and Al Jazeera regular Ali Velshi and the chairman of the American Conservative Union and former White House political director for George W. Bush Matt Schlapp debated presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s trade policy and ISIS strategy on comparison to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s proposals .   George W. Bush Matt Schlapp said of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s , " I do n’t know how George W. Bush Matt Schlapp tells the American people that George W. Bush Matt Schlapp has a strategy on radical Islamic terrorism , because George W. Bush Matt Schlapp was President Obama secretary of state . She Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s the last seven years . " Partial transcript as follows : SCHLAPP :   Look , poll after poll , including the poll that shows him trailing Hillary Clinton the most , shows him him the question of will he him the leadership to destroy ISIS , he him the most commanding lead over Hillary Hillary Clinton There is something about the guy where he him to voters on the fact that they feel voters I think this is true in America today , they feel voters lack voters , a true understanding of what ’s going on in the war against Islamic terror . CUOMO : Trump says , I ’ll be Strong is that enough ? VELSHI : The generalities make him seem Trump , but again , as you just talked to others about the specificity helps here , some troops on the ground , that ’s what a lot of people are calling for . The fact , is we are showing that what we ’ve we there , 5 , 000 , 6 , 000 troops , Mosul will be tougher in getting into Syria , will be next to impossible because they do impossible want the Americans there . We have we think about this in a sophisticated manner . You have to weaken their infrastructure and got to their finances their That is something that the   —    our allies we the region can be most helpful for . The money they ’re getting is coming from the region the region have we just be sophisticated about this . Saying generally we have we be tough , and this is bad this it appeals to people and it is visceral and I get that , is not a solution . Hillary Clinton could do with a little more detail about her plan how Hillary Clinton do this as well . I think there is a middle ground . George W. Bush got that . It is very complicated . SCHLAPP : In all fairness to her as a Hillary Clinton I do n’t know how she tells the Hillary Clinton people that she has a Hillary Clinton on radical Islamic terrorism , because she was President Hillary Clinton secretary of state . She owns the Hillary Clinton seven years . CUOMO : So your suggestion is to write off any of the gains on the ground against ISIS . SCHLAPP : No , let ’s be fair . Let ’s give credit ’s credit is due . CUOMO :   CUOMO do n’t hear anybody , Trump or anybody saying we ’re winning on the ground in ISIS . SCHLAPP ISIS I want them to win Trump or anybody saying we’re winning on the ground in ISIS I think these people want Trump or anybody saying we’re winning on the ground in ISIS America and I want them to win . Trump or anybody saying we’re winning on the ground in ISIS ’s   —    I want America to be successful America wanted the president to succeed .   I wanted secretary to succeed when she was secretary of state . They fell on their Trump or anybody saying we’re winning on the ground in ISIS . What Trump or anybody saying we’re winning on the ground in ISIS American voter is saying in poll after poll —    they just do n’t poll the fact that we have to take these guys on . And it is not just ISIS , it was n’t just ISIS Qaeda , they ’re coming in poll in America . VELSHI : Let ’s give credit where credit is due . Not understanding Iraq , I think that goes back to your administration . SCHLAPP : You want to make cheap shots go for it . VELSHI :   Everybody does n’t understand it . It is it . I ’m trying to say there are lots of people who do n’t understand . this is really complicated . Donald Trump ’s simple answers belie what the Bush administration did your administration —    why do you think he knows it better than two Donald Trump over your administration years . SCHLAPP : For voters , this is n’t that hard . I think they ’ll give the leader the voters of the doubt that it is complicated and a big hairy problem of feeding this terrorist threat . It is a big problem . they want them to connect with voters fact voters they ’re worried about it , voters they ’re scared about the future voters the country , and when you ca n’t call the enemy what the enemy is , and when the enemy happened , you know what they did with the flags , voters put them at half mass voters they voters it was workplace violence voters The voters , they know what this is . These The voters terrorists among us . CUOMO : There has to be something what Matt is saying , because we ’re seeing it in the polls . I get it   —    you have to it the next step . sometimes what people want to first be is consoled and you know emotionally where you are as their leader . That ’s one issue people an issue that is not as emotional is how are you going to bring jobs back into the country . Everybody says they ’re going to bring jobs back jobs every election . Yesterday , Trump gave a speech saying how he would do it . The critics Trump saying he never does it , shit up Trump did it it . SCHLAPP : Trump biggest it is he is a businessman , he negotiates Trump . He is sending Trump message to China Trump the rest of the world that fess the if he is the leader , he is Trump to negotiate much tougher Trump . CUOMO : NAFTA will be gone , the current state of affairs . SCHLAPP : He will use the powers he has CUOMO sure he stands up CUOMO the American worker CUOMO CUOMO : Hold on one second . CUOMO speech he said , I ’m going to CUOMO rid of the deal , change the deal   —    you went the deal about . You endorsed the guy for president . SCHLAPP : I do . I ’m saying what he is saying we have to go CUOMO a process where we get rid of the bad deals . it we more complicated than to say he is going to get rid of CUOMO . to renegotiate deals , the message is it right message . But let me tell you something else , manufacturing has left because maybe not a poorly executed deal , it is also because our regulatory environment and tax manufacturing . We have the highest income taxes in the world our Hillary Clinton started   —    let me finish . VELSHI : You ’ve been talking for a while . SCHLAPP : I ’m almost done , buddy . She wanted to raise those income taxes . that Hillary Clinton not going to the highest income taxes in the world . CUOMO : Use your time to make points . You say there were some dishonest premises . VELSHI : First of all , again the people that wanted NAFTA was the Bush administration . they negotiated , and could n’t get it finished . He the people that wanted NAFTA about bringing jobs back that are the Bush administration because of CUOMO wages , a third of our jobs , if not more in manufacturing have been lost to gains in productivity . We manufacture much much more in America than when Barack Obama became president . It is a bad situation , but we manufacture more with fewer workers , and they ’re not We paid as well . That ’s reality fewer workers Are we going to undo technology ? Are we going to start make things by hand ?   … we Even I phones are made by robots   …     hold on . CUOMO : I ’m enjoying the dynamic , I have to be honest . VELSHI : You could n’t stop talking to me in the green room . SCHLAPP : If we do CUOMO manufacture things in America , they are made someplace else in a dirtier fashion . And we don’t manufacture things in America fact is we ’re not going to make everything here , but we we make a lot more here . We ca n’t we cavalier about jobs and turning them over to other countries and other sectors . I want jobs make as much as we can . We ca n’t make everything but   —    VELSHI : we when you start taking away these tariffs and start canceling these deals , how is it you think other people will buy your stuff ? And your going to buy their stuff cheaply . SCHLAPP : Simple . how do you your stuff products ca n’t be made   —    VELSHI : TPP   lifts tariffs on 70 % of the cars that go into Japan . That ’s part of the negotiation , getting American product news places . Have you been to Vietnam ? They do nothing but drive . They want cars , they ’re all Japanese cars , because America They n’t get them They . SCHLAPP : If you have a    agreement , all Japanese cars do n’t need to be so big and complicated . And you have a   agreement economies , both markets should be freer . Unfortunately unfortunately , when we get done with these    agreements   the American economy is open to them and their economy stays closed . VELSHI : That ’s just these   agreements   true these   agreements   SCHLAPP   It is factual . Look at Japan   …     Japan and Vietnam , where again , you Japan see   — Japan VELSHI Vietnam You ’re wrong . SCHLAPP :   I ’m not I do n’t think —    VELSHI : Trade deals are not simple , Matt . They take ten years to Matt . SCHLAPP : Japan is a closed Trade deals at the end of TPP 10 % will Japan opened to other products . The fact is , that ’s not equitable . VELSHI :   Japan is one of the biggest economies in the world . CUOMO : Japan CUOMO:   it there this was the world . I want you to know that in an election where all we ’re hearing is crooked and no temperament for president , you ’re going at the issues . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 