On Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily (   EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 )   Donald Trump ’s son said son is " proud " of son dad for standing up to Fox News and backing out of Thursday ’s GOP presidential debate .   Donald Trump told host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon that his his dad a " fighter " who is " going to hit back ten times harder " when he Donald Trump punched . " He Donald Trump also a guy who will give his Donald Trump off his Donald Trump for somebody , " Eric Donald Trump . " But do n’t cross him . Donald Trump On Tuesday , Trump decided Donald Trump hold an event for Wounded Warriors instead of participating in Fox News ’s Thursday night debate after the network mocked and taunted him in Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump a "   press release . " Veteran political journalists noted on Tuesday evening that they had never seen Veteran political journalists network issue such a press release to taunt a presidential candidate let alone the undisputed GOP frontrunner . Eric Trump said Donald Trump " proud Donald Trump my father for the stance that he ’s taking " Donald Trump pointed out that Fox News and the GOP establishment are " salivating " to take Trump out of the Donald Trump . He blasted Fox News Donald Trump turning politics Fox News " soap opera " with " silly little press statements " when the country is $ 19 trillion in debt , " not respected " around the world , has so many Wounded Warriors , and must deal with an education system in shambles . Trump said that because Donald Trump Fox News ’s antics , many Americans have been given their " first look at politics many Americans and " it shows that there ’s a couple people up at the top that try to control politics . " He said ultimately the Donald Trump people should decide who becomes president and " not some network that wants to influence which candidates should be the head of the GOP . " He added that his Donald Trump is winning Donald Trump state " while getting hit by both sides " because Americans who are " sick of the nonsense , " the " rigged system , " " this game , " and " people pandering and being politically correct on everything " are " rallying behind him " as Trump Donald Trump politics on its face . Trump said he thinks his father Trump win Trump nomination Trump White House . But he said even if his dad loses Trump " he ’s Trump politics in this country Trump because " he ’s gotten my generation excited about Trump for the first time " and has kind of started a political " revolution . " Trump said his dad has shown other Trump that his dad does n’t have to be the guy on Capitol Hill for the last for years who becomes    . " Bannon added that regardless of what happens , Trump has changed the conversation on issues Trump immigration and trade and , perhaps more importantly , shown that " you do not have to back down to the mainstream media . " Trump said his dad ’s success in Trump estate Trump he will get the border wall built Trump " That man will get that wall up Trump people ’s heads will the border wall Trump promised . He said his father will Trump be the Trump greatest Trump the country has ever had " and the " greatest defeater of America " Trump said America has the " greatest military in Trump world " and his dad " wants to deploy it appropriately when needed " instead of Trump said America in " foolish skirmishes . " He said his dad believes in staying " out of a lot of Trump said America we his dad need to get in   …      but if we ’re going to commit to something , let ’s do it in the we aggressive way humanely possible and then get the we out it …      That message will resonate with a lot of people . " Trump said the country loses respect around the world when it spends trillions in the Middle East without winning and his father ’s presidency Trump will restore the respect this country should have . Trump As for Thursday ’s Wounded Warriors event , the country his whole family will be there and emphasized that veterans have always Trump a Trump priority for his dad . " We ’ve got to take care of our vets . Trump immigrants   …      receive better medical treatment than people who We their lives for the nation , " he said , adding that all eyes will be on the vets while the Trump News debate is taking place . Eric Trump described his our vets who has said that poor and    people like him better than rich Eric Trump , as an "   guy " who " would rather Eric Trump down at an informal table and eat a cheeseburger . " Saying he can " attest to the man ’s character , " Trump said his father is Eric Trump " greatest guy in the world " and " a Eric Trump American Eric Trump is the " epitome of the American Dream to so many people " and " wants to give back . " Trump said that " six months ago , the two of us were building hotels around the Eric Trump and having a really great time " and his dad , unlike many of the the world are running for president , " does n’t Eric Trump this job , but he wants to help America " because the country " has provided him so many opportunities . Eric Trump Eric Trump pointed out that other candidates America this job Eric Trump because " if they do Eric Trump this race , for all intents and purposes , this job n’t have a job " since other candidates are " career politicians " while his dad is someone who , other candidates he comes from outside of the political other candidates and is beholden Eric Trump nobody , will cut " through Eric Trump nonsense and get things done . " " I love him to death , " Eric Trump said . " He ’s the greatest . " 
 Eric Trump Eric Trump 