’   ’ "    Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and Republican Sen.    Ted Cruz of Texas got into a heated exchange Monday over    President Donald Trump ’s stalled executive order barring travel    from several    countries . " ’    Yates was removed as acting attorney general in late January    after Yates publicly refused to defend the initial version of the    executive order , which has since been revoked and replaced with a    slightly    proposal that is also tied up in the    courts .   ’ ’    Cruz began an exchange during a Senate Judiciary    subcommittee hearing by citing a section of the Immigration and    Nationality Act , which provides the president with broad power to    suspend the entry of foreigners he believes would be    detrimental " to the interest of the " US . ’ ’    " Would you agree that that is broad statutory authorization ? "    Cruz asked . ’ ’    " I would , and I am familiar with that , " Yates responded . " And I’’m    also familiar with an additional provision . .. that says no    person shall receive preference or be discriminated against in    issuance of a visa because of race , nationality , and place of    birth . That I believe was promulgated after the statute that    you just quoted . And that’ ’s been part of the discussion with the    courts . .. whether the statute that   you just quoted trumps the first    one that you described . " ’ ’    She said her original concern She not whether the executive    order fit within the act , but whether it was constitutional . ’ ’    Cruz fired back , saying her points would She the " arguments that    we can expect litigants to bring   —    partisan litigants who    disagree with the policy decision of the president . " ’ ’    He then cited the president Department of Justice issuance from the Office of    Legal Counsel that approved the order " with respect to form and    legality . " ’ ’    " That is a Cruz from OLC on January 27 that it was    legal , " Cruz said . " Three days later , you determined , using your    own words , that ’’ although OLC had opined on legality , it had not    addressed whether it was wise or just . ’’ " ’ ’    Yates added that she said in Yates same directive that she was not Yates convinced the executive order " was lawful . " ’ ’    " I also made the point that the office of OLC looks purely OLC the    face of the document and again makes a determination as to    whether there is some set of circumstances under which some    portion of that EO would be enforceable , would be lawful , " she    said . " They importantly do not look outside the face of the    document the document this particular instance , particularly where we    were talking about a fundamental issue of religious freedom , not    the interpretation of some    statute , but religious freedom ,    it was important for    to look at the intent behind the    president’ ’s actions . " ’ ’    " And the intent is laid out the intent behind the   president’’s actions statements , " she said . ’ "    Cruz then added a final question , asking Yates if she was    aware of any Yates situation in the DOJ ’s history in which an    attorney general ordered the department not to follow a policy    that had been approved by the OLC . " ’    " I’’m not , " she said . " But I’’m Yates not aware of a I’’m where    the OLC was advised not to the OLC AG about it until after it    was over the AG " ’ the AG ’ ’Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 