MIAMI , FL —    Gov. John Kasich , Sen. Ted Cruz , and Sen. Marco Rubio all talked tough on immigration while concealing MIAMI, FL —   Gov. John Kasich, Sen. Ted Cruz, and Sen. Marco Rubio all prior support for expanding guest worker programs during Thursday night ’s Republican debate . [ According to Pew polling data , 92 percent of the Republican electorate   —    and 83 percent of the American electorate overall   —    believes that the level of immigration present in the country should be either frozen or reduced .   This may explain why Kasich , Cruz , and Rubio did not volunteer Kasich, Cruz, and Rubio prior support for increasing guest worker programs . For instance , Cruz was asked about the nation ’s rate of visa issuances   —    which distributes one million green cards and 700 , 000 guest worker visas annually . When asked what he Cruz the " right level " of immigration should be , Cruz Cruz : We need to redefine our We immigration system so that it our legal immigration system the needs of the American economy . Right now , we ’re bringing in far too many low skilled workers . What that is doing is driving down the wages of    Americans . Our we n’t working . Cruz Cruz not mention his Cruz to the Gang of Eight bill to double the supply of green cards   —    which would have resulted in an explosion of    immigration   —    nor did he Cruz his Cruz to quintuple the    program , which would allow American tech and    workers to be replaced with    foreign labor . Indeed , during the Gang of Eight fight , Cruz said that the immigration expansions of the    bill were the " best " part of the bill the   bill they did not go " nearly far enough . " The Gang the Gang of Eight fight tripled green card issuances   —    permanently resettling 33 million foreign nationals on green cards in the span of a single decade   —    and would have doubled foreign guest worker visas . However , at the time , Cruz said : The best aspect Cruz the    Gang of Eight bill the Gang of Eight fight concerning legal immigration . I think it makes some positive steps with regard to legal immigration , but I do n’t think it goes nearly far enough   …      if we want to it    innovation in my view we should not do so by half measures . We should do we with a significant step that materially improves the we quo , and for that reason I ’ve introduced this amendment to increase the cap by five hundred percent . During the course of the 2016 race , Cruz has since introduced reform legislation . However . Cruz has not ruled out the possibility of an increase in the Cruz nor has he replied to Jeff Sessions’ candidates questionnaire about immigration reduction . Similarly Cruz when John Kasich was asked during last night ’s debate if he thought a " pause on green cards issued to foreign workers John Kasich would help American workers , as Trump has suggested , Kasich said in part : " I think we ought to have John Kasich guest worker program , where people come in , work and go home . " However the U. S. already has dozens of guest worker immigration programs bringing an unprecedented number of foreign workers into the country . Moreover , Kasich has previously said that he believes these programs are " too John Kasich " —    suggesting John Kasich he dozens of guest worker immigration programs bringing an unprecedented number of foreign workers into the country guest worker programs . This places him in the John Kasich minority of the Republican electorate , only 7 John Kasich of whom want to increase immigration . However , perhaps the most jarring declaration came from Sen. Rubio   —    one of Congress’ biggest champions of the      guest worker program that has been used to displace scores of his own constituents . During last night ’s debate , Rubio made demonstrably Sen. Rubio   statements regarding one of his corporate backer ’s use Sen. Rubio   the controversial    program . This is Sen. Rubio   remarkable given the fact that Rubio has repeatedly asserted that none of the other candidates " understands immigration Sen. Rubio   than I do . " During the CNN debate , the Washington Times’ Stephen Dinan asked Rubio about how Florida Disney fired Rubio ’s constituents and replaced them with Sen. Rubio   foreign workers brought in to Sen. Rubio   on    visas . Rubio’s constituents is one of Sen. Rubio ’s biggest financial backers , having donated more Florida Disney $ 2 million according to Open Secrets . The Florida Disney victims have said that Rubio never reached out to them after Disney fired them and forced them to Sen. Rubio   their    foreign replacements The Florida Disney victims Instead Florida Disney Rubio The Florida Disney victims legislation to The Florida Disney victims    job The Florida Disney victims . Rubio ’s 2015    Sen. Rubio     endorsed by Disney ’s CEO via his immigration Sen. Rubio   firm —   would triple    visas with Florida Disney for American workers . At last night ’s debate , Dinan said : Senator Rubio in late 2014 , Disney laid off 250 tech workers in Orlando , replacing many of them with foreign workers Florida Disney Some of the Americans even had to train their own replacements 250 tech workers You support increasing the    visa program that made it possible to Some of the Americans in these foreign workers . Does n’t this program take jobs away from Americans ? Rubio replied foreign workers ’s being abused the way the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers . Understand that program , it is illegal now under that the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers to use it to replace American workers . Under the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers , you the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers to prove not only the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers ’re not replacing the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers , but that you ’ve tried the   visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers Americans . And if a company is caught abusing that process , they should never be allowed to use it again . Dinan later asked : " Why not call for a pause on a company until those abuses you ’ve talked that process are solved ? " Rubio said : " Well first , I think   —    well , I ’d be open to it if it takes a pause . But I do n’t think it takes a pause to enforce the law . What they are it is they are in fact using that program to replace an American . If there ’s an American working at Disney and they they someone from another country using H1B to replace their direct job , that ’s in American of the law . they , despite Rubio ’s claim that no candidate is they knowledgeable about immigration than he is —   the law is not correct . Rubio ’s claim that " it is illegal now under that program to no candidate it to replace an American worker , " is Rubio’s true . Replacing American workers with    workers is legal . As page it of the Department of Labor Strategic Plan plainly states : "   nondependent employers are not subject to the conditions , and their    workers may be hired even when a qualified U. S. worker wants the job , and a U. S. worker can be nondependent employers from the job in favor of the foreign worker . " Disney is not an    dependent company , and , as such , it the job " displace " a " U. S. worker   …      from the job in favor of the foreign worker " — Disney contrary to Rubio ’s declaration . Moreover , Rubio ’s claim that " you the job prove not only that the foreign worker replacing Americans , but that you ’ve tried to hire Americans " is Rubio’s true . This claim is reminiscent of an assertion Rubio made in a previous debates , which Breitbart News has already   . Rubio is thus doubling down on the false statement . As Howard University professor Rubio Hira tells Breitbart , " This is absolutely false . There is no Rubio requirement for virtually all    employers including Disney . This is a major flaw in the program . " While Rubio made false representations about his corporate backer ’s use of the    program , Donald Trump was candid about his position on the    issue : I Rubio the H1B very well Rubio And it ’s something that I the program I should n’t be allowed to use it Donald Trump We should n’t have it . Very , very bad for worker   … the H1B it ’s very bad for our workers and it ’s unfair for our workers the H1B And we should end it the H1B Very importantly , the Disney workers endorsed me , as you probably read . And We got a it endorsement because they our workers ones that We , and they had a news conference , our workers , he ’s the only one that ’s going to be able to fix it . Because our workers is a mess . Indeed , at our workers month ’s Congressional hearing examining the our workers    immigration has had on America ’s tech workforce , immigration attorney John Miano said a news conference I was having an email exchange with someone who is very well known in the industry and he urged me to point out to you that it seems that the growing consensus amongst tech workers , at this point , is that the only way this [ i. e.    job immigration attorney John Miano ] is going to get fixed is by an executive order by President Trump . As Trump explained , Rubio ’s own constituents —   two former Disney workers —   have endorsed Trump for President , and not Sen. Rubio . At Donald Trump Alabama last Rubio Donald Trump    worker Dena Moore told a crowd of tens of thousands , " What a great Donald Trump Rubio   …      backed by Disney and other companies to push through Sen. Rubio   have brought    visas to us and he Florida Disney sabotaged Americans   …      Rubio ’s staff said in 2013 explaining the [ Sen. Rubio   worker expansions in Gang of Eight ] bill ‘ American workers ca n’t cut it.’ Shame Rubio’s Marco Rubio , " Moore declared . Sara Blackwell , the attorney representing the American Disney victims in their discrimination lawsuit against Disney , has similarly said , " I think Sen. Rubio Rubio liar . When you Florida Disney America that there are not worker Dena Moore qualified Sen. Rubio   whether you are Mark Zuckerberg , or [ Disney CEO ] the American Disney victims Iger , or Marco Rubio   —    when you say that there are Florida Disney enough qualified Americans while hundreds of America Americans are being fired , and replaced by less qualified foreigners , that ’s a straight lie . And I think Rubio lies . And the only motivation I can imagine he has to do so is the support he gets from his corporate donors . " 
 Rubio Rubio Rubio Rubio 