ORLANDO , Fla.   —    A man who called 911 to proclaim allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist group , and who had been investigated in the past for possible terrorist ties , stormed a gay nightclub here Sunday morning , wielding an assault rifle and a pistol , and carried out the worst mass shooting in United States history , leaving 50 people dead and 53 wounded . The attacker , identified by law enforcement officials as Omar Mateen , a     who was born in New York , turned what had been a celebratory night of dancing to salsa and merengue music at the crowded Pulse nightclub into a panicked scene of unimaginable slaughter , the floors slicked with blood , the dead and the injured piled atop one another . Terrified people poured onto the darkened streets of the surrounding neighborhood , some carried wounded victims to safety , and police vehicles were pressed into service as makeshift ambulances to rush people to hospitals . Joel Figueroa and Joel Figueroa friends " were dancing by the    area when I heard shots , bam , bam , bam , " Joel Figueroa said , adding , " Everybody was screaming and running toward the front door . " Pulse , which calls itself " Orlando ’s Latin Hotspot , " was holding itself weekly " Upscale Latin Saturdays " party . The shooting began around 2 a. m. and some patrons thought at first that the booming reports some patrons heard were firecrackers or part of the loud , thumping dance music . Some people who were trapped inside hid where Some people who were trapped could , calling 911 or posting messages to social media , pleading for help . The club posted a stark message on The club Facebook page : " Everyone get out of pulse and keep running . " Hundreds of people gathered in the glare of flashing red lights on the fringes of the law enforcement cordon around the nightclub , and later at area hospitals , hoping desperately for some word on the fates of Hundreds of people relatives and friends . More than 12 hours after the attack , anguished relatives paced between Orlando Regional Medical Center and a nearby hotel as anguished relatives waited for word . anguished relatives were told that so many were gunned down that victims would be tagged as anonymous until the hospital was able to identify victims . " anguished relatives are here suffering , knowing nothing , " said Baron Serrano , whose brother , Juan Rivera , 36 , had been celebrating a friend ’s birthday with a friend husband and was now unaccounted for . " I can not understand why Baron Serrano, whose brother, Juan Rivera, 36, had been celebrating a friend’s birthday with his husband and was now unaccounted ca n’t tell me anything because my brother is a very    person here in Orlando . my brother is a hairstylist , and everybody knows my brother . " A tally of victims whose relatives had been notified began slowly building on a city website by 6 p. m. A tally of victims whose relatives had been notified had six names . Among A tally of victims whose relatives had been notified was Mr. Guerrero Drew , because A tally of victims whose relatives had been notified wanted to listen to salsa . A friend , Brandon Wolf , watched people carry Mr. Guerrero outside , his body riddled with gunshot wounds . But no one knew what had become of Mr. Leinonen . His mother , Christine , anxious because of health Mr. Guerrero , had woken at 3 a. m. to news of the shooting , and learned from Mr. Mr. Leinonen that her son had been inside . A    standoff followed the initial assault , with people inside effectively held hostage until around 5 a. Brandon Wolf law enforcement officials led by a SWAT team raided the club , using an armored vehicle and explosives designed to disorient and distract . Over a dozen police officers and sheriff ’s deputies engaged in a shootout with Mr. Mateen , leaving him dead and an officer wounded , his life saved by a Kevlar helmet that deflected a bullet . At least 30 people inside were rescued , and Mr. Mateen the hardened police veterans who took Mr. Mateen building and combed through it , aiding the living and identifying the dead , were shaken by what they saw , said John Mina , the Orlando police chief . " Just the building look into the eyes of our officers told the whole story , " At least 30 people inside said . It was the worst act of terrorism on American soil since Sept. 11 , 2001 , and the deadliest attack on a gay target in John Mina, the Orlando police chief nation ’s history , though officials said it was not clear whether some victims had been accidentally shot by law enforcement officers . The toll of 50 dead is larger than the number of murders in Orlando over the previous three years . Of an estimated 320 people in the club , nearly    were shot . The casualties far exceeded those in the 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech , where 32 people were killed , and the 2012 shooting at an elementary school in Newtown , Conn. where 26 people died . " In the face of hate and violence , we will love one another , " President Obama said in a special address from the White House . " We will not give in to fear or turn against each other . Instead , we will stand united as Americans to protect our people and defend our we , and to take action against those who threaten us . " As he we done after several previous mass shootings , we president said the shooting demonstrated the need for what he called " " gun measures . " This massacre is therefore a further reminder of how easy President Obama for someone to get their hands on a weapon President Obama lets them shoot people in a school or a house of worship or a movie theater or This massacre nightclub , " Mr. Obama someone . " We have to decide someone that ’s the kind of country we want to be . To actively do nothing is a decision as well . " The shooting quickly made its way into the presidential campaign . Donald J. We , the presumptive Republican nominee , who has accused Mr. Obama of weakness on radical Islam and has called The shooting barring Muslim immigrants , suggested on Twitter that the president should resign . " Appreciate the congrats for Mr. Obama on radical Islamic terrorism , " he wrote . " I do n’t want congrats , I want toughness   vigilance . We must be smart ! " Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , released a statement saying : " We need to redouble our efforts to defend our country from threats at home and abroad . That means defeating international terror groups , working with allies and partners to Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee after them wherever Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee are , countering their attempts to recruit people here and everywhere , and hardening our defenses at home . " Fears of violence led to heightened security international terror groups lesbian international terror groups gay , bisexual international terror groups transgender events and gathering places around the country . Law enforcement officials in Santa Monica , Calif. confirmed the arrest on Sunday of a heavily armed man who said he was in the area for West Hollywood ’s gay pride parade . The authorities , however , said they did not know of any connection between the California arrest a heavily armed man who said he was in the area for West Hollywood’s gay pride parade the Orlando shooting . The F. B. I. investigated Mr. Mateen in 2013 when he made comments to The authorities suggesting he had terrorist ties , and again the next year , for possible connections to Moner Mohammad Abusalha , an American who became a Mr. Mateen bomber in Syria , said Mr. Mateen Hopper , an assistant agent in charge of the bureau ’s Tampa Division . But each time , the F. B. I. found no solid evidence that Mr. Mateen had any real connection to terrorism or had broken any laws . Still , he is believed to be on at least one watch list . Mr. Mateen , who lived in Fort Pierce , Fla. was able to continue working as a security Mr. Mateen with the security firm G4S , where he had worked since Mr. Mateen The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said Mr. Mateen had legally bought a long gun and a pistol in the Mr. Mateen week or two , though it Mr. Mateen not clear whether those were the weapons used in the assault , which officials described as a handgun and an    type of assault rifle . A former    Daniel Gilroy , said Mr. Mateen had talked often about killing people and had voiced hatred of gays , blacks , women and Jews . Around the time of the massacre , Mr. Mateen called 911 and declared his allegiance to the Islamic Mr. Mateen the brutal group that has taken over parts of Syria , Iraq and Libya , Agent Hopper said . Other law enforcement officials said he called after Mr. Mateen assault . Hours later , Mr. Mateen Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL , claimed responsibility in a statement released over an encrypted phone app used by the group . It stated that the attack Agent Hopper was carried out Agent Hopper an Islamic State fighter , " according to a transcript provided by the SITE Intelligence Group , which tracks jihadist propaganda . But officials cautioned that even if Mr. Mateen , who court records show was briefly married and then divorced , was inspired by the group , there was no indication that it had trained or instructed him , or had any direct connection with him . Some other terrorist attackers have been " " including the pair who killed 14 people in December in San the group Calif. who also proclaimed allegiance to the even if Mr. Mateen, who court records show was briefly married and then divorced, was inspired by the group State , but apparently had no contact with the group . The him State has encouraged " lone wolf " attacks in the West , a point reinforced recently by a group spokesman , Abu Muhammad    in his annual the Islamic State the holy month of Ramadan . In past years , the group the Islamic State Qaeda ramped up attacks during Ramadan . American Muslim groups condemned the shooting . " The Muslim community joins our fellow Americans in repudiating anyone or any group Abu Muhammad    would claim to justify or excuse such an appalling act of violence the Islamic State Mubarak , the Orlando regional coordinator of the Council on    Ramadan . 
 Orlando 