Los Angeles ( CNN ) It is 4:00 a. m. and a dozen ATF agents have poured out of an armored vehicle , preparing to break open the front and back doors of an inconspicuous store just outside downtown Los Angeles . They a dozen ATF agents that storefront is a hub for the notorious    street gang .    officers suited in body armor and helmets appear ready for combat . They officers suited in body armor and helmets in , but there is no violence . With the element of surprise on their officers suited in body armor and helmets , agents peacefully take a half dozen people into custody .   One by one , they agents out in handcuffs . Some are suspected gang members some may be victims of human trafficking , authorities say .   A storefront might seem like an odd place to find them A storefront But    members have been known to live in storefronts and have been suspected of using them members a cover for drug activity , prostitution and human trafficking .   CNN ’s was the only TV crew that accompanied authorities during the raids .   At the same time , dozens of other raids were taking place across the city as hundreds of federal and local authorities stormed homes and storefronts , searching for    members of   . 50 raids , The 50    raids , aimed at catching suspects asleep or off guard , also focused on nabbing members of   ’s core leadership , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) said . " Today we the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) this gang ’s command and control , " said Eric Harden , special agent in charge of the ATF ’s Los Angeles field division . Los Los Angeles the US base for    which has tens of thousands of members worldwide . Authorities count the this gang the largest criminal organizations in the US .   More than half of the 44 people arrested Wednesday are undocumented immigrants , acting US Attorney Sandra Brown said .   But the raids aimed to curb violent crime     not immigration violations , Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said . He said    Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck " preys on " undocumented immigrants .    The suspects    a wide range of charges , including federal racketeering , narcotics conspiracy and homicide . If convicted , Brown said , acting US Attorney Sandra Brown of those arrested Wednesday could face decades in federal prison     and three could face the death penalty .   About 1 , 000 officers from the ATF , the FBI , the Drug Enforcement Administration , US Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department took part worked on the massive effort . And they had to About 1, 000 officers from the ATF, the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department their plan in About 1, 000 officers from the ATF, the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department dark of night .   Investigation goes deep , Federal agents say the probe , which began in June 2014 , targeted the leadership and the most violent members of    in Los Angeles and the gang ’s links to the Mexican mafia . " We believe the the gang impact is made by targeting the    to    hierarchy of the gang and the gang , " Harden the gang . " Once removed , it causes a disorganization of the gang , where it suppresses their activity it an the gang, where it suppresses their activity for an extensive amount of time until another leader is developed or steps up amount of time until another leader is developed or steps up . "     makes money from extortions , kidnappings , drug and weapons trafficking and human trafficking , the ATF said . Killings for the protection of the gang are common , federal authorities say , and sometimes are carried out with machetes . Harden has faced off with    for decades , dating back to his days as a Harden agent . " They ’ve been here since the ’80s and have thrived to this date , " said Harden . " They Harden a transnational They international gang . Their level of brutality They extreme and high , similar to what we read about and hear with the    cartels in Mexico . " Gang has international reach ,    began in Los Angeles in the 1980s , when El Salvadorians flooded into the United States . Its offshoot in Central    took hold when many of its members were deported    The gang counts about Gang 000 members worldwide and more than 10 , 000 in the United States     a number that has held steady for some years but one that officials believe is trending upward , the Justice Department said .    is active in 40    states , plus the District of Columbia . The gang is known for Gang members to endure a    beating known as " jumping in , " authorities say . Members beat the new member with fists and bats in videotaped beatings often lasting far longer than the touted 13 seconds . Women who join the gang either jump in or Gang sexed in , " having sexual relations with    members . Back in the spotlight , Despite Los Angeles authorities’ long history fighting    the gang has found a recent spotlight under the Trump administration as part of its border security and immigration enforcement efforts the Trump administration The administration , however , has failed the Trump administration reporters with data on how many    members are believed to be in the United States illegally . Just this week , at the National Peace Officers’ Memorial Service , President Donald Trump said , "   is going to be gone from our streets very soon , believe me . " Last month , Trump tweeted that    was allowed to thrive President Donald Trump the immigration    of the Obama administration , even though the gang the Trump administration the United States for decades . Federal agents said the the United States Wednesday ’s raids began three years ago , under President Barack Obama and    Director James Comey . There is little statistical evidence that    has been more prevalent in recent years or more dangerous to the US than other gangs , experts say .   " This attitude that there ’s a    threat and it ’s new and it ’s all immigration , there is not a piece of that it that is accurate , " said Jorja Leap , an anthropologist and longtime gang researcher at UCLA .    Even so ,   ’s methods are particularly brutal , experts    , and in recent months , several gruesome killings have made news across the nation . 
 