’   ’ "    Drama and showmanship has surrounded    Donald    Trump ’s selection of Trump Cabinet   —    in typical Trump fashion . " ’    Trump has hyped and teased who Trump will pick to serve in Trump    administration ,   the " finalists . " ’ ’      cameras     allowing curious viewers to watch the spectacle from curious viewers own    homes . ’ ’    And this week , there was a very public feud about the possibility    of Mitt Romney being tapped to serve as secretary of state , as    Trump allies   over    whether Mitt Romney should be selected for the top diplomatic post . ’ ’    " Is it a good way to pick a cabinet ? Not especially , " said Reed    Galen , who served in the George W. Bush administration and worked    on his and John McCain’ ’s presidential campaigns . " But Trump ran    the worst technical campaign in modern history and is poised to    become president , so what do any of us really know ? " ’ ’’ ’    Romney , who was harshly critical of Trump on the campaign trail    and called him a " phony " and a " fraud " in a memorable speech    during the GOP primary , met with Trump last weekend and emerged    as the frontrunner for the secretary of state position . But    infighting played out all week among Trump’ ’s inner circle .    It culminated in a Thanksgiving day tweet from senior    adviser Kellyanne Conway , who . ’ ’    Galen expressed some worry about the process in an email    to Business Insider . ’ ’    " If it was ’’ The Apprentice ’’ or his own company , who cares ? But    it’ ’s the US government and the world at large we’’re talking    about , "    said .   ’ ’    It should not be a surprise that Trump has chosen to select    Trump Cabinet in such a fashion . Trump was , after all , a      star who has thrived for many years being    in the public spotlight . And , during the campaign , Trump employed a    similar style to choose Trump running mate   —    before eventually    settling on Indiana Gov. Mike Pence . ’ ’    And , while the process has caused unease among political    journalists and analysts , some observers have suggested the    public nature of it may not entirely be a bad thing . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 