Betty Rivas of Tucson , Arizona , did not know for whom Betty Rivas would vote in Tuesday ’s presidential primary at the time Betty Rivas attended both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump rallies . But a sign the Mexican restaurant owner was holding got Betty Rivas onstage with Donald Trump and then served up a heap of threats . [ Donald Trump picked Betty Rivas and Donald Trump " LATINOS SUPPORT D. TRUMP " sign out of the crowd and brought Betty Rivas during a Saturday rally in Tucson . Rivas Betty Rivas    that since the incident , she Betty Rivas received harassing phone calls at her Betty Rivas husband Jorge ’s Mexican restaurant , vulgar comments on both her Betty Rivas the business’ Facebook pages , and received malicious restaurant reviews on Yelp for Sammy ’s Mexican Grill in Catalina .   Rivas has been shocked by the backlash from her Betty Rivas sign , according to the report . However , Rivas Rivas she Betty Rivas no such response from Trump Trump after taking a similar sign to the Tucson Bernie Sanders rally . Mrs. Rivas the local news outlet that she Betty Rivas the right to say what she Betty Rivas and can listen to Trump or Trump or Hillary Clinton if she Betty Rivas . KGUN9 took screenshots of some of the obscene Facebook comments before they were Facebook , which may be viewed in the media player on KGUN9 ’s KGUN9 One read , " This s * * * will give you Ebola and also she support Trump Ebola She basically   Ebola her self over Ebola her business by Ebola that . " Another read , " F**k dis place do n’t eat here   …     . .f**k that fat pig bettys . " One Facebook poster suggested assaulting Mrs. Rivas , stating , " I ’m about to go to Sammy ’s Mexican Grill buy a burrito or some b******t and throw it on the to go to Sammy’s Mexican Grill FACE ! " One commenter posted to the business’ Yelp page , " The owner raped me and said that i deserved it while feeding One commenter a burrito , oh wait i was suppose to give 1 star . " Bob D. posted , " You need proof of citizenship to buy a burrito :   If you ’re planning on eating here bring your passport , birth certificate and social security number . " Over the course of Tuesday , the restaurant ’s rating actually went up from all the reviews posted in support to counter the nasty ones . Ray O. posted a supportive message : " Do n’t believe the one star reviews on here .. They ’re being targeted for political reasons . " Ray P. was Ray O. , writing : I ’m of Mexican Decent and do not believe in Leftist Latino Politics ! I was raised in an American household with all the traditions of a Mexican family . I am going to drive down from Phoenix just to eat in this woman ’s restaurant , because I believe we have the right and the choice to support whomever we like and should we ever be intimidated by thugs of leftist politics . Tuesday afternoon , Yelp posted an " Active Cleanup Alert " message , which stated in part , " This business recently made waves in the news , which often means that people come to this page to post their reactions . The people place to share your thoughts is on Yelp Talk . " Pima County law enforcement is looking into the threats against Rivas , according to the local news report . The presidential preference election , which offered up 58 Republican and 75 Democratic Party delegates , took place Tuesday . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 