It was    and relations between Donald J. Trump and the news media had taken another dreadful turn . Donald J. Trump had already vowed to change the libel laws to make the libel laws easier to sue journalists , and Donald J. Trump personal insults were becoming more vicious . ( One news correspondent was a " sleaze " another was " third rate . ") Most troubling was that Donald J. Trump was keeping a blacklist of news organizations Donald J. Trump was banning from Donald J. Trump rallies , and it was growing . I called Donald J. Trump at the time , to see what this would look like in a Trump administration . Would Donald J. Trump deny White House credentials to select reporters and news organizations ? No , Donald J. Trump said . " There , I ’m taking something away , where I ’m representing the nation . " We can only hope Donald J. Trump means it . Because if Mr. Trump keeps up the posture Mr. Trump displayed during the campaign   —      war footing   —    the future will hold some very grim days , not just for news reporters but also for the American constitutional system that relies on a free and strong press . It ’s one thing to wage a press war as a candidate , when the most you can do is enforce reporting bans at your rallies , hurl insults and deny interviews and access ( all of which are plenty bad ) . It ’s another thing to do It from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , where you have control over what vital government information is made public , and where you have sway over the Justice Department , which under President Obama has shown an overexuberance in investigating journalists and the    who leak to journalists . Imagine what somebody with a press vendetta and a dim view of the First Amendment would do with that kind of power . For their part , American newsrooms are conducting American newsrooms own reassessments , vowing to do a better job covering the issues that animated his supporters , and acknowledging that Mr. Trump tapped into something in the national mood , the power of which American newsrooms failed to grasp . American newsrooms now know American newsrooms underestimate his again at American newsrooms own peril . Yet American newsrooms also know that the need to continue with probing , unflinching reporting that promotes the truth in the face of whatever comes at American newsrooms will be great . In the days immediately after Mr. Trump ’s victory , journalists that do n’t work at organizations with Breitbart in organizations with Breitbart names were preparing for potential reporting challenges , the likes of which journalists that don’t work at organizations with Breitbart in their names have never seen , while lawyers were gaming out possible legal strategies should Mr. Trump move against press freedoms . Right after his Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump telegraphing a gentler tone , declaring to   The Wall Street Journal , " It ’s different now . " Perhaps he was Mr. Trump his    Mr. Trump pivot " to become " more presidential than anybody " save Abraham Lincoln . But then came the Saturday night release of his " Mr. Trump Minutes " interview in which he said Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump his Twitter Mr. Trump so that when any news organization gave him " Mr. Trump bad story , " he would Mr. Trump have a method of fighting back . " And he did Mr. Trump skip a beat on Sunday morning , when he attacked Mr. Trump New York Times with a Twitter post that read , " Wow , the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very thousands of subscribers and highly inaccurate coverage of the ‘ Trump phenomena . ’ " The statement was false . The paper said Sunday that postelection cancellations were so substantially outstripped by a surge of new subscriptions that its subscription a surge of new subscriptions rate in the period that followed Tuesday ’s result was four times the growth rate in the same period of last quarter . In an atmosphere in which it ’s not shocking to hear about    literature being sent to the home of a Jewish reporter   —    the address having been published online by supporters of Mr. Trump   —    it was hard to see any of this as very presidential , though the definition may be changing . The funny thing is that few major political figures have had a more codependent and at times friendly relationship with the press than Mr. Trump Mr. Trump   he stopped doing Mr. Trump   briefings in the later phase of the campaign , he was shaping Mr. Trump   to be the most accessible    nominee in modern history . But displeasing him could have Mr. Trump   intensely personal cost , which the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly vividly recalls in her new book the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly " Settle for More . " Ms. Kelly , who became Mr. Trump ’s leading television nemesis during the primary campaign , writes about how the candidate , unhappy with a segment she did in the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly 2015 , threatened to unleash " my beautiful Twitter account against you . " After enduring her tough questioning the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly the first presidential primary debate , he made good Mr. Trump’s his Twitter promise Mr. Trump’s which in turn led to death threats against her , she the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly . the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly " I would spend many days of the coming months accompanied by security , " she writes . the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly It did n’t help , she wrote , the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly Mr. Trump ’s special counsel , Michael Cohen , recirculated a Trump supporter ’s Mr. Trump’s that read " we can gut her . " the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly was followed by what she took as the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly threat , from Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s the time , Corey Lewandowski . As Mr. Lewandowski unsuccessfully lobbied a senior Fox News executive to remove Ms. Kelly from the next Fox debate , she writes , he said Ms. Kelly would hate Fox see Fox go through such a Ms. Kelly rough couple of days " again . ( Fox News described the conversation Fox News way earlier this year . ) Mr. Lewandowski had been the Mr. Lewandowski of Mr. Trump ’s aggressive approach to the press . He was , after all , Mr. Lewandowski on charges that he manhandled the former Breitbart News Mr. Lewandowski Michelle Fields . ( Prosecutors in Florida ultimately dropped the charges . ) After a paid charges that he manhandled the former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields CNN , Mr. Lewandowski returned to the Trump Mr. Lewandowski week , and could wind Mr. Trump in the administration or at the Republican Party headquarters . Another member of Mr. Trump ’s transition team , the Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel , broke new ground this year by financing the " Hulk Hogan " lawsuit against Gawker , which resulted in Gawker ’s bankruptcy and sale to Univision . Though Gawker was technically an     case , it was a model for what Mr. Trump has said he wants to see in opening up libel laws Mr. Trump Most First Amendment lawyers agree that fundamentally changing the libel law would require a reversal of the landmark Supreme Court case New York Times v. Sullivan . And while that might seem like a long shot , Laura R. Handman , a First Amendment lawyer , said in an interview that Mr. Trump could find ways to " chip away " at it . First Amendment lawyers are more immediately concerned with potential leak investigations , as well as Freedom of Information Act requests , which can provide the best way to expose government secrets . Look no farther than the potential attorney general candidate Rudolph W. Giuliani , who as mayor of New York was so allergic to records requests that news organizations and others regularly sued him for basic information . Success at court was attorney given that proceedings kept the information out of public view for so long that " he really won , " said George Freeman , attorney was the assistant general counsel for The New York Times then and is now the executive director of the Media Law Resource Center . I ’ve said it before , but the solution will be what it has always been   —    good , the solution reporting . For all the appropriate discussion about how they missed some key dynamics of the race , mainstream news outlets produced a lot of    journalism . They provided a glimpse into the tax returns Mr. they would n’t share showed how he and Mrs. Clinton ran their charities investigated their Mr. Trump business dealings and bluntly he and Mrs. Clinton out falsehoods he and Mrs. Clinton more of which came from Mr. Trump . The wrong lesson to take from Mr. Trump year is that reporters should let up in their mission of reporting the truth , wherever it leads . That ’s more important than ever , given how adept Mr. Trump and his allies have proved to be at promoting conspiracy theories Mr. Trump can spread faster than ever through social media . But if there is one thing we learned this year , it was the wisdom of the old mnemonic device for the spelling of " assume " ( makes an " ass " out of " u " and " me " ) . Mr. Trump campaigned through surprise and may well govern through surprise . We ’ll know how this thing is going to go we when we know . Now , where ’s my seatbelt ? we 