  ( CNN ) Debate about a bill before the Texas House about improving care for foster children quickly broke down into a heated argument about vaccinations on Wednesday , with one of the state ’s most conservative lawmakers saying vaccines were n’t important for public health .   The    forces ultimately won , voting to bar doctors from vaccinating foster children during initial examinations . When one Republican tried to get an exemption for the human papillomavirus vaccine , tempers flared . The vote signified a major victory for the growing influence of the tiny but      crowd in Texas , one political observer said .   " The vote ’s analogous to a very tiny tail wagging a very massive dog , " said Mark Jones , a political science professor at Rice University . " The    forces are a tiny group that holds an exceptionally minority position on the effectiveness of the vaccinations but are influencing public policy . "   The debate came after Rep. Gene Wu ,    introduced a bill to reform the state ’s foster care system . Rep. Gene Wu seemed surprised when conservatives questioned Rep. Gene Wu about a provision requiring foster children to get prompt exams from doctors to determine whether doctors ’ve been abused , neglected or abandoned . " Is it your legislative intent to allow they’ve been abused, neglected or abandoned to force vaccinations with this ? " asked Rep. Tony Tinderholt ,   .   " My legislative intent is to allow doctors to make decisions that doctors feel are medically necessary , " Wu said . Rep. Bill Zedler , vice chairman of the ultraconservative Texas Freedom Caucus , then introduced an amendment to prevent doctors from giving vaccines to foster children during the exams , saying the measure " would protect children from medical procedures that are not pertinent to children immediate medical needs . "   Rep. Bill Zedler, vice chairman of the ultraconservative Texas Freedom Caucus said Texas Freedom Caucus should not overrule parental rights in such cases . Soon , Rep. Bill Zedler, vice chairman of the ultraconservative Texas Freedom Caucus was being questioned by Tinderholt     a QA between two of the Texas Freedom Caucus staunchest conservatives .   " If your amendment is not passed , could this potentially be dangerous to some of these children ? " Tinderholt asked Tinderholt     " That ’s exactly right . , " Zedler said . The questions ended when Rep. Armando Walle ,    took the microphone . He questioned    ’s Zedler wondered why he was injecting    vaccine debate into a bill about reforming child services .   " You would agree that a vaccination is important for the public health     for the general public health ? " Walle asked . Rep. Armando Walle No , I would not agree with that , " Zedler shot back Zedler " Why would n’t you ? " Walle asked . Rep. Armando Walle : " Because . .. "   Walle : " Rep. Armando Walle you do n’t think vaccinations are important ? " " Because the vaccination is only for that child     to protect that child , " Zedler said . Zedler interrupted : Rep. Armando Walle But the vaccination is the vaccination to protect that child , obviously that child also to protect the public from spreading of diseases that can be deadly . Is that not correct ? " " Well , no , " Zedler said . Zedler Public health officials have stressed that vaccines have prevented 6 million deaths every year worldwide and have fundamentally changed modern medicine .   Walle and Zedler Rep. Armando Walle to trade barbs , with Zedler saying the Zedler issue about vaccinating the foster children was : " Is it the parents’ decision to decide , or is it the state ’s ? " A few minutes later , the atmosphere grew more tense when Rep. Sarah Davis , a cancer survivor and conservative from Houston , sought to allow for an exception for the HPV vaccine because it is " proven to prevent cancer . "   " I believe that children who have been taken from their parents and are in Rep. Sarah Davis, a cancer survivor and conservative from Houston custody and undergoing a medical examination should be given a vaccine that prevents them from developing cancer , children who have been taken from their parents and are in protective custody and undergoing a medical examination she said .   Her cancer drew the ire cancer fellow conservatives . Several could be seen shaking their heads .   " the ire of fellow conservatives you understand that this is temporary custody no parental rights have been terminated ? " Rep. Jonathan Stickland asked .   " Agreed . But cancer is not temporary . Cancer kills , " she cancer .   She cancer her colleagues for cancer acting cancer blasting one hypothetical question posed to her as " incredibly ridiculous cancer " At times , she waved her hands in cancer air cancer an impassioned and emphatic plea for action . " I do n’t know how many times I have to say this . I do n’t know how many people I have to say it to . But we this eradicate a cancer with a vaccine . " Her pleas failed , and cancer rejected her amendment . Zedler ’s cancer amendment , as it ’s being called , Zedler   . Along with the foster care bill , it now heads to the Zedler Senate , but whether it will reach the governor Zedler desk remains to be seen .   Rice ’s Jones was n’t making any predictions . If anything , he said , Wednesday ’s Rice’s Jones   measure " showed the growing political clout of that movement .    " The    forces have been very active this session , " he said . " The Rice’s Jones amendment put many Republicans in an uncomfortable position . . .. Their fear was that a many Republicans against the Zedler amendment could potentially The Zedler amendment opponents in the Republican primary to gain the support of   . The    movement is pretty intense and very motivated . " Texas is a growing hub of the    movement . A report in The   movement last year found that the number of schoolchildren who have not been vaccinated has grown from 2 , 300 kids to more than 45 , 000 over the past 13 years . A story in the Washington Post in February said President Trump had energized the    movement to lobby lawmakers . Peter Hotez , director of the Texas Children ’s Hospital Center for Vaccine Development , lamented , " We ’re losing the battle . " 
 