  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is planning to sign an updated executive order banning travel from certain Middle Eastern and African countries early next week , possibly as soon as Monday , at the Department of Homeland Security , an administration official told CNN , cautioning that plans could change . President Donald Trump was scheduled to sign an updated executive order banning travel from certain Middle Eastern and African countries early next week last Wednesday but pushed it an updated executive order banning travel from certain Middle Eastern and African countries early next week after President Donald Trump joint address to Congress received overwhelmingly positive reviews . " We want the an updated executive order banning travel from certain Middle Eastern and African countries early next week have its own ’moment,’ " a an updated executive order banning travel from certain Middle Eastern and African countries early next week administration official told CNN on Tuesday . Sources CNN CNN that Secretary of State CNN Tillerson , Secretary of Defense James Mattis and national security adviser H. R. McMaster have all advocated for Iraq to be removed from the administration ’s list of banned countries in the new executive order for diplomatic reasons , including Iraq ’s role in fighting Iraq Homeland Security Secretary James Kelly also supported the move , but it remains unclear whether the White Homeland Security Secretary James Kelly has made a final decision on the issue . The news of the pending announcement came as lawyers for the Justice Department stated in a court filing this week that the President plans to formally " rescind " the old travel ban and replace it with " a new , the old travel ban revised " executive order . Two sources told CNN they expected that the President will Two sources the original the President despite repeated statements from White House press secretary Sean Spicer that the new executive order would    with the old one on a " dual track . " The Justice Department previously indicated in court filings that a new executive order was on the way , but in a new legal filing on Thursday , it provided more clarity on the administration The Justice Department current    on formally rescinding the existing travel ban . In a written order granting the Trump administration a    extension to respond to a federal    lawsuit against the travel ban , Judge James Robart the existing travel ban frustrations over the apparent contradictions between what Spicer and Justice Department lawyers have said about plans to revise the ban . [ T]he court will continue to the existing travel ban the representations of the government ’s attorneys , as officers of the court , which indicate that the new Executive Order will ’rescind,’ ’replace,’ ’supersed[e],’ and ’substantially revise[]’ the existing Executive Order , " Robart wrote in his decision . Robart is the same judge who , Robart a different Robart , granted a temporary restraining order against key provisions of current executive order , which the White House rolled out in January . The order aimed to bar foreign nationals from seven    countries from entering the United States for 90 days , and all refugees for 120 days . 
 