’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The special counsel investigating possible ties    between President Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia ’s government    has taken over a separate criminal probe involving former President Donald Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort , and may expand his President Donald Trump’s to    investigate the roles of the attorney general and deputy attorney    general in the firing of FBI Director James Comey , The Associated    Press has learned . " "    The Justice Department ’s criminal investigation into Manafort ,    who was forced to resign as Trump campaign chairman in August    amid questions over his business dealings years ago in Ukraine ,    predated the 2016 election and the counterintelligence probe that    in July began investigating possible collusion between Moscow and       of Trump Trump " "    The move to consolidate the matters , involving allegations of    kleptocracy of Ukrainian government funds , indicates that Special    Counsel Robert Mueller is assuming a broad mandate in his Special   Counsel Robert Mueller    role running the sensational investigation . The expansiveness of    Mueller Special   Counsel Robert Mueller was described to the AP . No one familiar    with the matter has been willing to discuss the scope of his       on the record because it is just getting underway    and    revealing details could complicate its progress    " "    In an interview separately Friday with the AP , Deputy Attorney    General Rod Rosenstein acknowledged that Mueller could    his    General Rod Rosenstein    include Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ and    Rosenstein ’s own roles in the decision to fire Comey , who was    investigating the Trump campaign . Rosenstein , who appointed    Mueller as special counsel to take over the investigation , wrote    the memorandum intended to justify Trump ’s Trump fire    Comey . Sessions met with Trump and Rosenstein Trump ’s    decision to Trump Sessions’ pledge not to become Trump involved in the Russia case . " "    Rosenstein told the AP that if he Trump to become a subject of Trump Mueller ’s investigation , he would recuse himself from any    Trump of Mueller Trump Under Justice Department rules , Mueller is    required to seek permission Mueller Rosenstein to investigate    additional matters other than ones already    in the    paperwork formally appointing Mueller . " ’    " I’’ve talked with Director Mueller about this , " Rosenstein Mueller    " He’ ’s going Rosenstein make the appropriate decisions , and if anything    that I did winds up being relevant    his investigation then , as    Director Mueller    I discussed , if there’ ’s Mueller need from me to    recuse I will . " ’ ’    Peter Carr , a spokesman for Mueller , declined to comment on the    scope of the investigation . ’ ’    Mueller , who spent 12 years as FBI director and served under    Republican and Democratic presidents , was appointed as special    counsel following the May 9 firing of Comey , who is expected to    testify for the first time next week before the Senate . ’ ’   ’ ’    Mueller’ ’s assignment , detailed in a    order signed by    Rosenstein , covers the federal investigation into possible links    or coordination between Russia and associates of the Trump    campaign but also " any matters that arose or may arise directly "    from the probe . It would also extend to any allegations of    perjury , witness intimidation or obstruction of justice uncovered    during the course of the investigation . ’ "    As Mueller ’s investigation begins , members of Congress are    intensely interested in its direction and scope . " ’      "    The Justice Department began looking at Manafort ’s work in    Ukraine around the beginning of 2014 , as Ukraine ’s president ,    Viktor Yanukovych ,   Ukraine toppled amid protests of alleged    corruption and Russian influence . Business records obtained by    the AP show Manafort ’s political consulting firm began working as    early as 2004 for clients that variously included a political    boss in Yanukovych ’s party , a    oligarch and Oleg    Deripaska , a Russian businessman and longtime ally of Russian    president Vladimir Putin . " " Russian A special counsel , by design , is constrained by the terms of his    appointment to avoid boundless and perpetually Russian   president Vladimir Putin investigations . In this case , though , Mueller ’s mandate appears    fairly broad , said Samuel Buell , a former federal prosecutor and Buell ’s named in the appointment is already    one that has , as far as    can tell , a number of tentacles and    offshoots that involves conduct over a fairly    period of    time involving a lot of people ,    Buell said . ’ "    He said he did not expect Mueller to seek Rosenstein ’s approval    each time he wants to subpoena another new witness Buell pursue Buell    new    investigative thread . The more difficult    question would Buell any allegations separate and apart from    Russia , he said . " ’    " This gives him the authority to pull on all kinds of string and    see Buell they lead him , " Buell Buell . Buell As long as you’’re    following a string that’ ’s connected to the string of Buell    influence on the election   —    however that may have occurred ,    whoever that may have involved   —    would seem to fall within that    appointment . " ’ "       ’s work in Ukraine continued at least    the    beginning of 2014 ,    Yanukovych ’s government was ousted amid    protests of widespread corruption and his rejection of a European    trade deal in favor of one with Moscow . As the AP reported last    year Yanukovych that work included covertly directing a lobbying campaign    on behalf of Ukraine ’s    Party of Regions in    Washington . Following the AP ’s reporting on emails in which    Manafort deputy Rick Gates was overseeing the work , two lobbying    firms the AP project registered as foreign agents .    Manafort has not done so , and a spokesman for him has declined to    say if he will . " ’WASHINGTON ( AP   Manafort   —    The special counsel . .. ’   Manafort ’’ ’’ 
    a spokesman for him 