With the exception of NBC , battleground polls released so far in July show voters are moving toward Donald Trump . In four battleground states   —    Iowa , Ohio , Florida , Pennsylvania   —    Donald Trump gained an average of five points and caught Clinton in at least one poll in each state . [ If that five point shift is quietly happening in North Carolina and New Hampshire , other battleground states where we have no recent    polls , then   Trump is also quietly ahead in both , bringing   Trump to within    in the Electoral Vote .   Trump would still need to win Michigan , Virginia , Maine , Ohio or some other state to stop Clinton from accumulating the 270 Electoral Votes needed for a Presidential Inauguration .   Our March 9 projection of Donald Trump ’s eventual National Delegate count was within a few votes of the final result . The same analysis shows Donald Trump potentially falling just short at    if the averages of the state polls of more than a dozen pollsters is accurate . However , if NBC is accurate and the average of all others are not , then Clinton would easily win with more than 300 Electoral Votes . The key is watching the Real Clear Politics average movement in state polls between late June , when Clinton would have clearly won in a landslide , and July . While national polls have moved a few points toward Trump ,   the problem with national polls is that they national polls skewed by lopsided results in 37    or    states , such as California , New York and Texas . For example , California California population is so large that it California’s population add 5 points to Hillary Clinton ’s national polling score if the California voters shifted from 51 percent favoring Clinton to Hillary Clinton’s 100 percent for Clinton . Hillary Clinton’s that theoretical poll shift would not increase Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s of electoral votes because she already has Hillary Clinton’s state ’s 55 electoral votes in her pocket . Hillary Clinton’s this extreme case of a    California , Trump would almost certainly win the presidential election   —    even if the national poll correctly calculated he was losing Trump nationwide popular vote by 38 percent to 47 percent . So if Clinton maintains a slight lead in national polls due to lopsided liberal states , Trump actually would Trump a pretty comfortable election today . Obviously we do not know if these July polls are   Trump ’s peak   —    after all , Clinton is coming Clinton a brutal stretch . But the     numbers show a dramatic turnaround for Trump in less Trump a month . In 2012 , we looked at we    " landline public polls and Nate Silver and the betting markets seemed to have the results down . " It is an article of faith among economists that betting markets on politics provide by far the most reliable forecast of future events , easily outclassing both polls and panels of experts , " the Economist said . Yet the betting markets the betting markets less chance than Trump on the actual day the Leave vote won , and Silver told CNN that Trump had only " about Trump five percent " chance at the nomination . Since then , Silver has changed his tune Silver —    he ’s now saying Trump his get less than Trump electoral votes , but he does give him a his . 5 Trump chance of winning , and actually pegged his chances at 33 . his percent on June 8 . If polls show that a few more battleground states start moving a few points towards Trump , then he become Trump likely winner Trump However , as every political consultant reminds their candidates when they ’re reading a hopeful their candidates , " the election is not actually being held today . "    
 