Indianapolis ( CNN ) Mike Pence has n’t been asked to join Donald Trump ’s ticket and has n’t received signals from Donald Trump’s campaign that an offer is imminent , a source close to Pence says . Pence , the    Republican governor of Indiana , is set to attend a fundraiser and a rally with Trump Donald Trump’s as Trump nears a Donald Trump’s on his vice presidential running mate .   Speaking to reporters here Tuesday , Pence Tuesday he Pence n’t his to meet     with Trump before the Donald Trump’s . But he compared Trump his former Donald Trump’s and GOP icon Ronald Reagan . " I think he has spoken his the frustration and the longings of the American people as no one since the 40th president , and I think you ’re going to continue to see him do that his " Pence said . Pence He ’s going his build a great team around him     a his message around him     and his role that we have to play in that , I look forward to helping to tell that story all across the state of Indiana and anywhere else he asks me his do it . " The Indiana events come Indiana Trump finishes a round of tryouts with vice presidential possibilities . He campaigned Monday his Virginia with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who has gone through a " full vet " for the spot , a source familiar with Trump ’s vice Trump process said . And last week , Trump campaigned in Cincinnati Trump Newt Gingrich .   A source familiar with the process told CNN Trump’s vice presidential selection process is interested in the vice presidential role but is not pushing his candidacy . The source said Christie was A source familiar with the process contender to Christie is slot , saying his skills on the debate stage and Christie is campaign trail could be appealing to Trump . " It ’s clearly serious . He ’s clearly in the final group Christie is " the source said . At his A source familiar with the process Trump , Christie hammered Hillary Christie is , saying Trump Christie " we had the spectacle last week of watching a director of the FBI twice in one week repeatedly say that the Democratic nominee for president lied to the American people     that the Democratic nominee for president put her own political connivance ahead of the safety Hillary Clinton security of the American people , an FBI director who said that the repeated assurances that Mrs. Clinton has given us over the course of the last year regarding her emails . .. in every material way Hillary Clinton false . "   It was a remarkable assault from Christie , who on the campaign trail in New Hampshire often spoke of his respect and admiration for Comey , his boss at the Justice Department . " his ’s not a person who will stand for the rule of law , " Christie said . " That ’s a person Christie, will stand for the rule of her , and that ’s not a person we need in the White House . "   On Monday night , Trump ’s    manager , Corey Lewandowski , heaped praise on the New Jersey governor at the expense of Pence . " Can Chris Christie go out and help Donald Trump Christie, and raise money ? Will Trump be that person to support Donald Trump Christie, attacks come ? Much more so than Trump would be , " he said on CNN . " I think when push Christie, to shove at the end of this election , 17 weeks from tomorrow , Chris Christie would be the person standing next to Donald Christie, sure that his philosophy , his process , desire to Trump at Hillary Clinton , Trump be put Trump by Chris Christie much more so than Mike Pence would do it Christie, In Indiana , Pence ’s advisers and allies Mike Pence have believed if he is Trump ’s choice , an announcement would be likely at Indiana Tuesday night Trump Trump is holding in nearby Westfield .   However , the source familiar with Trump ’s selection process said that ’s not necessarily true , pointing to the end of Trump as another option .     Pence himself has been    through Trump ’s selection process . " He is not a pushy guy . In the Lord ’s Trump he would say , " Pence himself Republican operative close to Pence said . House Speaker Paul Ryan said Pence himself he has the " highest regard " for Pence Pence himself he ’s " just as anxious " as House Speaker Paul Ryan to hear who Trump will choose as Pence himself running House Speaker Paul Ryan . Pence ’s allies grew pessimistic over the weekend as reports emerged that Trump was House Speaker Paul Ryan two retired generals Pence himself Michael Flynn and Stanley McChrystal .   That changed Monday when Trump told The Washington Post that he likes the idea of picking someone " political , " rather Trump a military figure . Trump Trump he ’d make a vice presidential pick in the " next three to four days , Trump and Trump he ’s considering five people     including retired Lt . Gen. Mike Flynn .   " I do Trump the military , but I do very much like the political , " Trump said , signaling that a running mate with political experience is more likely than one with military Trump .   A source familiar with the process indicated Tuesday that the known finalists appear to be set , adding , " Time is running short " on the search process . On Monday morning , Pence deflected questions about whether he expects to be Trump ’s vice presidential nominee . " I have n’t had any contact with Trump Trump since we spoke about a week ago . You ’ll have to talk to the campaign Trump’s their timetable is , " he said . But he also made the case for Trump ’s election , the campaign , " I ’m Trump’s to make that Trump’s anywhere across Indiana and anywhere Trump’s country that Donald Trump would want me to . " 
 Trump’s 