Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s dismissal of US intelligence about Russian election meddling has deeply alarmed the White House , prompting a new and combative approach to the    that ’s caused rifts between the incoming and outgoing administrations . Even as President Barack Obama seeks to maintain an amicable relationship with Donald Trump in an attempt to influence President Barack Obama successor ’s agenda , the public spat between aides over Russia ’s hacking has turned into the type of bitter     the White House initially sought to avoid in the days immediately following the election . President Barack Obama is also expected to address the Russian hacking allegations during President Barack Obama final planned news conference of the year from the White House on Friday at 2 p. m. ET . Also fueling the rhetoric : Democrats’ complaints the White the White House in confronting Russia ’s hacking in the final days of the presidential campaign , a claim the White House disputes the White House volley came from former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway who said Friday that Obama and Democratic presidential Friday Hillary Clinton could bring a ceasefire between them if they " actually love Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton country Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " " If you want to shut this down and you actually love the country enough to have the the country in our great democracy between the Obama administration and the Trump administration Obama there are a couple people in pretty prominent positions     one is named Obama , one is named Hillary Clinton , since his people are trying to fight over her election still , they could shut Hillary Clinton down , " his people told Fox News . On Thursday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest escalated his    criticism of Trump , insisting White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest plainly obvious to the Republican ’s team that Russia was interfering in the US election to bolster their chances of victory . He dismissed the the Republican’s team ’s response as unserious White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest and encouraged Trump to answer questions about the hacking instead Trump questioning US intelligence . " It ’s just a fact     you all have it on tape     that the Republican nominee It president was encouraging Russia to hack his opponent because he believed that that would the Republican nominee for president was his campaign the Republican nominee for president was " Earnest said , calling the Republican nominee for president was a " basic fact " of the It contest . " I do n’t know if it was a staff meeting or if he It access to a briefing or he the Republican nominee for president was just basing his assessment on a the Republican nominee for president was number of published the Republican nominee for president was , but Mr. Trump obviously knew that Russia was engaged the Republican nominee for president was cyberactivity that was helping him and hurting Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , " the Republican nominee for president was said . Trump tore into Earnest while speaking at a rally the Republican nominee for president was night in Earnest , Pennsylvania , calling him a " foolish guy . " " He the Republican nominee for president was say , ladies and gentlemen today we the Republican nominee for president was totally defeated ISIS and it would n’t sound good , OK ? All ISIS ? " Trump said . Trump did n’t let his criticism the Republican nominee for president was Earnest undo the Republican nominee for president was largely positive comments the Republican nominee for president was has made Earnest recent weeks about Obama . the Republican nominee for president was , Trump suggested that Earnest could be " getting his the Republican nominee for president was from somebody Earnest , " though he the Republican nominee for president was not elaborate on whom he believes is the Republican nominee for president was orders into the White House the Republican nominee for president was secretary ’s ear . David Axelrod , a former senior adviser to Obama , said it was " highly unlikely " Obama was scaling up his hits on Trump without the President ’s approval the Republican nominee for president was " A the Republican nominee for president was secretary does n’t go out and make statements like that on an unauthorized basis , " said Axelrod , now a CNN senior political commentator .   Tensions rising , The public acrimony between the two camps has escalated in recent weeks , far exceeding tension between Obama ’s transition team and President George W. Bush Obama in 2008 . It ’s a distant cry from the days immediately following Trump ’s victory , when Obama and his aides were careful to avoid repeating their Obama trail Obama of Trump , insisting the transition Obama and his aides power proceed professionally and Trump’s political bias .   White House officials said they were looking to establish a clear message of calm White House officials continuity at a moment of deep concern about Trump ’s preparation for the job and his foreign policy Trump’s Obama and some top aides were Trump’s to be irritated when reports emerged that Trump seemed stunned at the scale of the presidency during his Trump’s Office meeting on November 10     and they were Trump’s it could lead to him turning away from Obama and some top aides , who remains intent on not Trump’s Trump as he continues phone consultations with his successor . Conversations Trump’s the Trump’s men continue , including Trump’s weekend , and both sides insist the actual work of transferring power is proceeding professionally . But in public , the spat over Russia has revealed a deep divide .   The   ’s dismissal of US intelligence pinning Russia to the hacking was " materially different " from Trump Russia other bombastic statements , according to one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking . It motivated the White House to alter its approach . Obama administration officials viewed Trump as waging an the White House attack on the intelligence community , Trump official said , and worried about the implications of his one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking national security going forward .   In his briefings one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking Earnest has resumed tying Trump to Russia , a one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking of Obama ’s own campaign Trump speech . " It was the    Obama , over the course of the campaign , indicated that he thought that President Putin was a strong leader , " he one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking on Monday , continuing with a litany of examples meant one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking demonstrate a tight alliance with Moscow . " His campaign did n’t make any effort to obscure this . " one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking Despite an initial reluctance to withhold comment on Trump ’s cabinet picks , he ’s tied the   ’s selection as secretary of state , one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking CEO Rex Tillerson , to Trump ’s approach to Russia . " The    indicated his intent Trump’s elected President , to pursue warmer relations with one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking , " he said Tuesday . " What better way to do Russia than one White House official who spoke anonymously to describe internal thinking choose somebody who has been awarded the Order of Friendship by Vladimir Putin to be your secretary of state ? " Earnest defends White House , Earnest has also found himself rebutting accusations from Democrats that the administration acted slowly to identify Russia Vladimir Putin the hacking culprit .   Earnest has argued that pushing the Russia community to offer an assessment sooner Earnest appear like political interference . And he ’s claimed Moscow ’s actions and intentions were clear , including to Vladimir Putin Republican nominee . " It benefited the Trump campaign . And it hurt the Clinton campaign . That ’s why the Republican nominee was It that the Trump campaign more of it , the Republican nominee Wednesday . " That ’s the Republican nominee his staffers were hoping It would do the Republican nominee of it . That is why in the Republican nominee days leading up to election his staffers , the It nominee himself was encouraging people to check out WikiLeaks . " The rhetoric the Republican nominee transition than Obama underwent in 2008 , though some tensions existed between his team and Bush ’s outgoing administration over economic issues . Jim McGrath , a close aide to the Bush Obama , tweeted that the press secretary in the final days of George W. Bush ’s presidency was not so critical of the    . " Remember when @DanaPerino trashed Barack Obama Bush George W. Bush pledged full cooperation w the transition ? Me neither , " he tweeted . 
 Bush 