Congratulations America ! [ Yesterday , in the biggest democracy on earth , we witnessed a political revolution . The American people sent a powerful message to the world : Enough is enough , The American people want to be free again , The American people want to be great again !   Against the media , against the establishment , against the elites , against all the odds , Donald Trump won the American elections . And what a victory ! A stunning and truly historic achievement , with the White House , the House and the Senate in Republican hands for the first time since 1928 . I never doubted Donald Trump would win . We are witnessing the same uprising on both sides of the Atlantic . The Patriotic Spring is sweeping the Western world . People are standing up and liberating themselves People Yesterday , the American people made it quite clear that they the American people not want to follow in Western Europe ’s footsteps . They the American people not want to give their the American people away . They the American people to preserve their the American people , their the American people , their the American people . They the American people the time for liberation had come . The American voters no longer want to be represented by politicians who do not take their The American voters seriously . They The American voters Donald Trump was the only one who listens to them The American voters They The American voters to protect their The American voters rather than see them their jobs abroad as a result of trade agreements which benefit other countries more than their their jobs . They their jobs sick and tired of their their jobs money being spent on foreign needs , while domestic needs are growing . They their jobs immigration policies which attract masses of people , many unskilled and from cultures incompatible with Western civilization . They their jobs a restoration of law and order , rather than see violence and insecurity rise to ever higher levels . It is not just Hillary Clinton who was beaten yesterday the media and the chattering classes have all been beaten . It is wonderful to see how , in America as well as in Europe , the media pundits and the elites are taken by surprise . For years , they the media pundits and the elites stubbornly refused to recognize the harm done to ordinary people by mass immigration and Islamization . The elites are completely out of touch with the problems , the worries and the fears of ordinary people . They The elites are completely out of touch with the problems, the worries and the fears of ordinary people with condescension to the election of Donald Trump , in exactly the same way that , in 1980 , they The elites are completely out of touch with the problems, the worries and the fears of ordinary people to the election of Ronald Reagan . After his Ronald Reagan Ronald Reagan Ronald Reagan to be the greatest President in our lifetime . He defeated the Ronald Reagan empire of Communism . He did it Ronald Reagan violence the evil empire of Communism He stood firm Ronald Reagan spoke the truth and conceded nothing . This way , he inspired freedom Ronald Reagan people in Eastern Europe to liberate themselves from Soviet freedom loving people in Eastern Europe . My hope   —    and expectation   —    is that Donald Trump will follow in Reagan ’s footsteps , that he will stand Ronald Reagan , speak the truth , concede nothing and , in doing so , inspire Western Europe to protect its freedoms against Western Europe . America has just liberated itself from political America . The American people expressed their desire to The American people a free and democratic people . Now it is time for Europe . We Western Europe and will do the same ! Geert Wilders is a member of the Dutch Parliament and leader of the Party for Freedom ( PVV ) in the Netherlands 
 