Pope Francis attacked Republican    Donald Trump Thursday as " not a Christian . " Aboard Republican   Donald Trump plane , Pope Francis was asked specifically about comments Trump Republican   Donald Trump about the Pope Francis visit to the Mexico border . The pope Pope Francis mince his words . Pope Francis A person who thinks only about building walls , wherever they may be , and not of building bridges , is not Christian . This is not the Gospel . As far as what you said about whether I would advise to vote or not to vote , I am not getting involved in that . I say only this man is not Christian if he has said only this man like that . Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer , live from Trump ’s latest South Carolina rally , reports Trump ’s response Trump’s [ The Pope ] actually said that maybe I ’m not a good Christian , which is really not a nice thing to say . If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS , which as everyone knows is ISIS ’s ultimate trophy , I can promise you that the pope would The Pope wished and prayed that Donald Trump would Trump’s president , because this would not have happened . ISIS would have been eradicated ISIS what is happening now with our all talk no action politicians .   —     —    The pope only heard one The Pope the story . He did n’t see the crime The Pope the drug trafficking and the negative economic impact the current policies have on the United States . The Mexican government its leadership have made many disparaging The Mexican government about me . REMINDER : The Pope lives in a Vatican The Pope by towering walls . If the translation is correct , the Pope is going way beyond " The Pope The Pope to judge ? " ( his famous comments about homosexuals ) to declaring The Pope man " not a Christian " over one issue . To condemn an entire man over this one issue , especially when the Pope himself lives behind towering walls , The Pope grasp . UPDATE : Ben Carson joined Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush in defending Trump : " It would be hilarious if it were Trump so sad , " Carson said . It We ’ve seen this before in Ben Carson where people get distracted and do n’t look at what ’s important . They lose their vision . " Carson refused to comment people however people on whether Trump Ben Carson public conduct means he is not a true man of faith . " Trump ’m not going to judge Donald Trump in terms of whether he ’s a Christian Trump , " said Carson , Trump Seventh Day Adventist . " Certainly some of the things that he does may not be suggestive of Christianity , but then Trump , all of us have weaknesses and shortcomings , " he added of Trump , a Presbyterian . " That ’s Trump it ’s all about . " The Carson campaign later released a statement : " I have spoken often about the need for faith and compassion in America . However , enforcing our immigration laws is not in contradiction with love and kindness . As Christians , we are called to love our neighbors . But as a nation , we must also we our sovereignty and security . Ending human we into America can we lives and protect the weakest of society from America and working with Mexico and other Central and South American nations to improve their own governments and economies is a greater service to others other Central and South American nations opening our borders . " UPDATE : Jeb defended Trump and a border wall . " I think the Pope said Trump is   . That ’s between him and his Creator Trump …      it is not    Trump protect Trump border , to keep people out who come here illegally . " UPDATE : Rubio pushed back against Pope : " Vatican City controls who comes in , when the Pope come in , and how they come in , as a   . The United States they a right to do that , as well . " UPDATE : Trump ’s full official statement : If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS , which as everyone knows is ISIS ’s ultimate trophy , I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been President because this would not have Trump ISIS would have been eradicated unlike what is happening now with our ISIS talk , no action politicians . The Mexican government and its leadership has made many disparaging remarks about me to the Pope ISIS because they want to continue to rip off the the Pope , both on The Mexican government and its leadership and at the border , and they understand I am totally wise to them . The Pope only heard The Mexican government and its leadership side of the story   — The Mexican government and its leadership he the Pope the Pope the crime , the drug trafficking and the negative economic the Pope the current policies have on the United States . He does n’t see how Mexican leadership is outsmarting President the United States leadership the Pope every aspect of negotiation . For a religious leader to question a person ’s faith is disgraceful . I am proud to be a Christian and as President I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened , unlike what is happening now , with our current President . No leader , especially a religious leader , should have the right to question another man ’s religion or faith . They are using the Pope as a pawn and they should be ashamed of themselves for No leader, especially a religious leader so , especially when so many lives are No leader, especially a religious leader and when illegal immigration No leader, especially a religious leader so rampant .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 