Republican nominee Donald Trump enjoyed a warmer welcome from the Veterans of Foreign Wars ( VFW ) in Charlotte , North Carolina than Republican nominee Donald Trump rival Hillary Clinton received on Monday . [ The New York Republican told the crowd that spending time with veterans has been the " greatest honor of this campaign . "   " Our veterans are the bravest and the finest people on earth , " Republican nominee Donald Trump said , as Republican nominee Donald Trump pledged to work with the VFW if elected president . " Our most basic commitment to provide health and medical care [ to veterans ] has been violated completely . " " The other candidate in this race , crooked Hillary Clinton , [   …     ] has a much different view , " Republican nominee Donald Trump jabbed . " Republican nominee Donald Trump recently said of the VA scandal that the VA scandal is n’t as wide spread as the VA scandal was reported to be . " Some people in the audience chanted " lock Republican nominee Donald Trump up " in reference to Clinton . Campaign signs are banned from the # VFWConvention but calls to " lock Republican nominee Donald Trump up " are occasionally being bellowed across the exhibit hall ,   —    Sara Murray ( @SaraMurray ) July 26 , 2016 ,   " Lock Republican nominee Donald Trump up " chants as Trump addresses # VFWConvention . Trump : " And to think Republican nominee Donald Trump was here yesterday , I guess Republican nominee Donald Trump did n’t do very well . "   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) July 26 , 2016 ,   " We ’re going to bring honesty back to government , " Trump declared . Trump also spoke about Trump    plan for veterans reform   —    a plan that Trump has discussed previously on the campaign trail . " This will take the place of Twitter , " Trump joked of being busy at night cleaning up the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) instead of being on Twitter . Trump received a huge applause from the audience when Trump said the Syrian refugee program should be suspended to keep ISIS fighters out of infiltrating the Syrian refugee program . " We have to be smart , " Trump stressed . " It ’s time to believe in each other and it ’s It again to believe in America . " 
 