  ( CNN ) Here ’s a look at hacking incidents during the 2016 presidential campaign and allegations by the US that the US meddled in the election . Both Republicans and Democrats have issued calls for a deeper probe of Russian interference .   Overviews by CNN : Patriot games : The murky world of Russian hacking Russian   ) The only 4 things you need to know about Trump and Russia (   ) How Russia hacks Russia (   ) Timeline : What we know about the Trump campaign , his White House and Russia ( Russia ) Russia : Russia problem Trump ca Trump escape (   ) Intel report : Putin directly ordered effort to influence election (   ) Clapper : ’Disparagement’ of intel agents cause for worry (   ) White House White House against Russia : Russia , ejecting diplomats (   ) Why the Obama administration did n’t respond earlier to Russian hacks (   ) Russian hacking and Russian 2016 election , explained (   ) FBI investigations into    ties yield little (   ) New DC routine : Wake up , search WikiLeaks , wince (   ) US finds growing evidence Russia feeding Russia to WikiLeaks (   ) WikiLeaks posts apparent WikiLeaks of Clinton Wall Street speeches (   ) Is Trump right ? Could a    couch potato have hacked the DNC ? (   ) How Russian hacking has tied US government in knots (   ) Who wins if Vladimir Putin meddles in the US election ? (   ) Sources : US officials warned DNC of hack months before the party acted (   ) Timeline : June 14 , 2016    The Washington Post reports hackers working for the Russian government US government National Committee ’s computer system , stealing oppositional research on Donald Trump and viewing staffers’ emails and chat exchanges . The Kremlin , however , denies that the government was linked to US government , and a US official tells CNN that investigators have not yet concluded that the cyberattack was directed by the Russian government .   June 15 , 2016     A cybersecurity firm hired by the DNC posts a public notice on its website describing an attack on the DNC posts political committee ’s computer network by two groups associated with Russian intelligence . According to the post , two    groups called " Cozy Bear " and " Fancy Bear " tunneled into the committee ’s computer system . In response , a blogger called Guccifer 2 . 0 claims that he alone conducted the hack , a blogger the Russians . As proof , he posts internal DNC memos and a blogger research on Trump . Furthermore , Guccifer 2 . 0 claims to have passed along thousands of files to WikiLeaks . Trump offers his own theory on Trump origins Trump the attack : suggesting in a statement that the DNC hacked itself to distract from Hillary Clinton the DNC email scandal .     July 22 , 2016    Days before the Democratic National Convention , WikiLeaks posts nearly 20 , 000 WikiLeaks hacked from the DNC server . The documents include notes in which nearly 20, 000 emails hacked from the DNC server Debbie Wasserman Schultz insults staffers from the Bernie Sanders campaign and messages that suggest the organization was favoring Clinton rather than remaining neutral . Wasserman Schultz resigns in the aftermath of Debbie Wasserman Schultz .     July 25 , 2016    The FBI announces it has launched an investigation into the DNC The FBI . Although the statement does n’t indicate that the agency has a particular suspect or suspects The FBI , US officials tell CNN they think the cyberattack is linked to Russia . US officials July 27 , 2016    During a press conference , Trump declares Russia may have hacked the State Department . He Russia the suspected Russian cyberattack on the DNC Trump Clinton ’s use of a private email server while she was Secretary of State . " Russia , Clinton you ’re listening , I hope Russia ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing , " says Trump . Newt Gingrich , a Trump surrogate , Trump Trump in a Tweet , Trump the comment as Trump " joke . "    August 12 , 2016    Hackers publish cell phone numbers and personal email addresses for Nancy Pelosi and other members of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Pelosi says she has received " obscene and sick Nancy Pelosi " Nancy Pelosi strangers . She advises targeted colleagues not to allow children or Nancy Pelosi members to answer the phone or read text messages . September 1 , 2016    During an interview with Bloomberg News , President Vladimir Putin says that he and the Russian government have no ties to President Vladimir Putin hackers . He says that the identity of the culprit or President Vladimir Putin is not as important as the content of the leaks , and ultimately the hackers revealed important information for voters .    the hackers , 2016    Democrats Dianne Feinstein and Adam Schiff , ranking members of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees , issue a joint statement declaring that based on information they received during congressional briefings , they believe that Russian ranking members of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees agencies are carrying out a ranking members of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees to interfere with the election . They call on Putin to order a halt to the Russian intelligence agencies . September 26 , 2016    During a presidential debate with Clinton , Trump questions whether the DNC cyberattack was carried out by a    group or a lone hacker . " It could be Russia , but it could also be China . It could also be It of other people . It It could be somebody sitting on their bed that It 400 pounds . "     2016    Over the course of a month , WikiLeaks publishes more than 58 , 000 messages hacked from the account of John Podesta , Clinton ’s campaign chairman .   October 6 , 2016    DCLeaks , a    collective of " hacktivists " seeking to expose the influence of special interests on elected officials , publishes a batch of documents stolen from Clinton ally Capricia Marshall .   October 7 , 2016 Clinton The Department of Homeland Security and the Office of National Intelligence on Election Security issues a statement declaring that the intelligence community Homeland Security confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails from US persons and institutions . " According to the statement , document releases on websites WikiLeaks and DC Leaks mirror the methods and motivations of past    cyberattacks .   November 29 , 2016    A group of Democratic senators sends a letter to President Barack Obama calling on intelligence agencies to declassify information about " the Russian Government and the US election . " Sources later tell CNN that new intelligence has been shared with lawmakers suggesting that Russia ’s purpose for meddling in the election was to sway voters towards Trump , rather than the US election confidence in the system .     December 9 , 2016    The Washington Post reports the CIA has determined that Russian hacking was conducted to boost Trump and hurt Clinton during the presidential campaign . The Trump transition Trump dismisses the CIA ’s findings , releasing a statement , " These are the CIA the CIA said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . " President Obama asks intelligence agencies to review the hacking incidents in 2016 and other cyberattacks on political campaigns dating back to 2008 . The agencies are asked to deliver their findings before Obama leaves office on January intelligence agencies A Russian foreign ministry spokesman intelligence agencies skepticism President Obama the review and asks US investigators to share their evidence of    cyber espionage . Meanwhile , media critics question the Post ’s US investigators on anonymous sources for the CIA report and advise readers to be wary of claims in the article due to the lack of publicly available evidence to support the spy agency ’s conclusions .   December 10 , 2016    John McCain , Chuck Schumer , Lindsey Graham and Jack Reed issue a joint statement calling on Congressional Republicans and Democrats to work cooperatively on securing future elections and stopping cyber attacks .   December 11 , 2016    Sources tell CNN that although US intelligence agencies share the belief CNN Russia played Russia role in the computer hacks , there is disagreement between the CIA and the FBI about the intent of the meddling . The FBI CIA assessment shows that the Russians may have sought to damage Clinton and help Trump the CIA the FBI has yet to Clinton proof that Trump attacks The FBI to elect the Republican candidate , according to unnamed officials . Furthermore , some sources say the hackers also infiltrated the Republican National Committee ’s computers .    the hackers , 2016    CNN reports that Russian hackers accessed computer accounts of Republican lawmakers CNN GOP organizations . A source with knowledge of the investigation says that even though hackers breached the GOP computers , they opted not to release documents en masse . December 13 , 2016    The GOP York Times hackers a detailed account of the DNC ’s delayed response to initial warnings in September of the DNC its network had been infiltrated by hackers . The report outlines how phishing emails and communication failures led to a sweeping cyberattack . The story also lays the CIA report that Guccifer 2 . 0 and DCLeaks were linked to Russia . A second article in the Times chronicles the hacking Russia Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , housed in the same building as the DNC . The New York Times the report , Guccifer 2 . 0 the DNC of thousands of documents and offered them to reporters in districts where the CIA report were engaged in competitive races for House seats .    December 29 , 2016    tens of thousands of documents Obama issues an executive order with sanctions against Russia . The order names six Russian individuals who allegedly President Obama in the presidential campaign hacking . Additionally , 35 Russian diplomats are ordered to an executive order with sanctions against Russia US within 72 hours .   January 3 , 2017    Julian Assange of WikiLeaks says that the Russian government did not provide him with the hacked DNC emails during WikiLeaks DNC Hannity on the Fox News Channel .     January    2017    In a series of Julian Assange of WikiLeaks , Trump questions the US intelligence community ’s claims that the Russian Trump interfered with the election . He alleges that the intelligence community with Trump but sources tell CNN the election has been no change Trump the schedule . CNN also cites Assange ’s interview Trump back his assertion that a rogue hacker Trump not the Russian government , may have meddled in the election .    January    2017    Intelligence officials meet separately with Julian Assange of WikiLeaks Trump to present the results the election probe into cyber espionage during the presidential campaign . After the president and the    are briefed , January   2017    Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified version of the report . the presidential campaign report , hackers Intelligence officials not breach voting machines or computers that tallied election results but Russians meddled in other ways . Among the findings : Putin ordered a multifaceted the CIA report that included hacking and the CIA report bracing for a possible Clinton win , Russian bloggers Putin prepared to spread a hashtag the Russians the CIA’s findings Election Night paid social media users , aka " trolls , " shared stories about Clinton controversies to create a cloud of scandal around her campaign .   Clinton    2017    Trump issues a statement after Clinton meeting with intelligence officials . Trump the statement , he Trump that the Russian government may have the presidential campaign to Trump DNC hacking but declares that cyberattacks did not the Russian government of the election because voting January   2017    . In a series of tweets , he repeats that hacking did not affect election a statement Trump he wants to improve the presidential campaign hacking . February 9 , Trump    The Washington Post reports Russia Trump ’s national security adviser , Michael Flynn discussed sanctions with Trump ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the presidential transition . Vice President Mike Pence and The Washington Post officials said in January that Flynn did not talk about policy when he spoke to the ambassador . The Washington Post story is based on interviews with nine officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity . One day after the report is published , Trump tells reporters that he has The Washington Post the story Trump says he will look into it Michael Flynn Trump The story    Flynn resigns . Michael Flynn his resignation Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak he explains Trump , " because Trump the the CIA report of events , I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding The story calls with the Russian ambassador . " The story February 17 , 2017    Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee meet with FBI Director James Comey Michael Flynn    session . One attendee tells CNN that Russia was the topic of the briefing and after CNN meeting Russia committee member Marco Rubio says in a tweet that the Senate will conduct a bipartisan investigation into alleged meddling Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak   March 10 , 2017    In an interview with the Washington Times , Trump ally Roger Stone says that Trump had Putin interactions via Twitter with Guccifer 2 . 0 during the campaign . He says his meeting with intelligence officials were " completely innocuous . " The following day , the New York Times publishes its own interview The New York Times in which he says that his communication with Guccifer 2 the presidential campaign took place after the DNC hack , proving there Guccifer 2 collusion with the Trump campaign to arrange the Trump ally Roger Stone Trump .     March 20 , 2017 The New York Times on Capitol Hill , The New York Times confirms Trump ally Roger Stone the FBI is investigating links between Russia and members of the The FBI . May the presidential campaign Russia Guccifer 2 fires Comey days after the Trump ally Roger Stone director testified before Trump ally Roger Stone Senate Judiciary Trump ally Roger Stone .    June 1 The FBI 2017    In public remarks , Putin says that hacking during the Trump, the FBI the presidential campaign have been carried out by patriotic Russian citizens who felt compelled to respond to perceived Putin against Russia from America . Putin FBI Director James Comey , however , that the Russian Russia played no role in the cyber attacks . During the presidential campaign , Putin says Putin the Director of National Intelligence releases hacked the American presidential campaign .    June 5 , the Senate Intelligence Committee website , the Intercept posts Putin report that the Russian government coordinated a    attack on computers at an American voting machine company and compromised at least one email account the Russian government is based on an NSA the presidential campaign to the Intercept . Hours after the story is published , the source of the leak is identified as a government contractor named Reality Leigh Winner , 25 . She is charged with transmitting classified information .   June 21 , 2017    During a Senate hearing , a Department of Homeland Security official says that hackers linked to the Russian government targeted A second article in the Times in up to 21 states .  
 the Russian government The story the Senate 