Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump turned Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump criticism on Hillary Clinton on Friday night by bringing up Hillary Clinton treatment of women during Bill Clinton ’s sexual affairs . [ " So , I just learned they have a $ 90 million fund where they ’re going to do negative ads , " about Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and the comments Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s made about women , Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said at Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump campaign rally in Eugene , Oregon , on Friday night . " I ’m saying to ’m , but nobody in this country and maybe in the history of this country politically , was worse than Bill Clinton with women . He Bill Clinton a disaster . "   " I mean there ’s never been anybody like this and she Bill Clinton a total enabler . She Bill Clinton go after these Bill Clinton destroy their lives Bill Clinton " Trump said of Hillary . Bill Clinton I mean , have you ever read what Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton the women that Bill Clinton had Bill Clinton ? And they ’re going after the women that Bill Clinton had affairs with women , Bill Clinton me a break folks ! " The crowd cheered in response . " Just remember this , she was an unbelievably Bill Clinton nasty , mean enabler and what she did to a Bill Clinton of those women was disgraceful women put that in her bonnet and lets Bill Clinton what happens , " he declared . " Women her bonnet strength . They want border security . Women want a strong military Women They do n’t want a Women that sits at home at three o’clock in the morning and she ’s sleeping and Bill Clinton did n’t answer Bill Clinton telephone    …      she was sleeping , Bill Clinton Trump said , referencing Benghazi . " The last thing you need is another Clinton . " Trump slammed Clinton ’s time Trump Secretary Clinton State . He said the United State Trump trade deficit with China increased nearly 40 percent during the Clinton tenure . " She Clinton her woman ’s Clinton . Clinton ’s the only card she has , " Trump Clinton . " She Trump got all of Clinton friends from Wall Street Clinton " he said . " The Trump in [ was ] so beautiful   …     and look at all these strong people out here in the audience , " Trump said of Oregon . Trump ago , I would have said , ‘ Look at all these strong men,’ but today if you say that they say you ’re sexist . That ’s horrible . Hillary Clinton would say that was a horrible statement    …      he should say look at Hillary Clinton strong people . Trump said the political correctness Trump is so out of control . " Trump then turned his attention Trump Elizabeth Warren Trump who he tweeted about throughout the Trump on Friday , and coined the nickname " Goofy Elizabeth Warren . " I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running Elizabeth Warren I will Hillary Clinton them both .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 6 , 2016 ,   Let ’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren ’s records to goofy Elizabeth Warren goofy Elizabeth Warren American . I say she ’s goofy Elizabeth Warren fraud !   —    Donald goofy Elizabeth Warren Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 6 , 2016 ,   Goofy Elizabeth Warren , Hillary Clinton ’s flunky , has a career that is totally based on a lie . She is not Native American .   —    goofy Elizabeth Warren J. Trump Native American ) May 6 , 2016 ,   Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant Goofy Elizabeth Warren She is too easy ! I ’m driving her nuts Goofy Elizabeth Warren   —    Donald J. Trump ( Goofy Elizabeth Warren ) May 7 , 2016 ,   Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective . Does nothing Goofy Elizabeth Warren , no action   —    maybe her Native American name ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( Goofy Elizabeth Warren ) May 7 , 2016 ,   " I just learned that crooked Hillary along with her friend , you know she ’s got this goofy friend Elizabeth Hillary . She ’s on Hillary Twitter rant her friend " Hillary said . " This woman , Hillary ’s a basket case . Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) " She ’s Hillary in the Hillary States Senate . I ’d love to Hillary against her if I came from Massachusetts , " he added . " So I Hillary that goofy Elizabeth Warren   … Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) they say , ‘ Oh , she ’s a super liberal . ’ " " Her whole career is a Hillary because she goes out and says she ’s Hillary Native American . I wo n’t Hillary the word Indian because Hillary say it ’s not a nice word to use . She is a Native American   —    five Indian . " " I Hillary that Hillary should run with Goofy Elizabeth Warren . I would love to beat them Hillary " the billionaire challenged . Trump also took time to go after former 2016 presidential candidate Hillary should run with Goofy Elizabeth Warren Graham , who said on Friday he wo n’t support Trump . " He went home and he started to cry , " Trump Trump about when he Trump Graham out Trump the race . Trump Now , he says I Trump n’t vote for Trump Trump . " " They signed a pledge remember ? Trump wanted me to sign a pledge Trump did n’t care about everybody else because who the hell cared about everybody else , " Trump said They " I ’m the one that s honoring the pledge . " Trump also jabbed Jeb Trump for doing the same thing as Graham , vowing not a pledge Trump . Trump also briefly mentioned Fox News host Megyn Kelly , who he sparred with earlier in the Trump a Trump he thought was unfair during the first GOP primary debate Trump August . " She called me and she said Trump ’d like to see you . Now , if I was wrong she would n’t have done that She I respect her for doing that , " Trump said of Kelly . " She came to Trump Tower . I did n’t She to Fox . " Trump I have a lot of respect She this , " Trump said of Kelly , adding " Everything ’s fine . " Trump spoke to a crowd of more than Trump thousand . We Kelly in Eugene , OR for Trump rally Trump This is line 4    hours before rally . Festive mood . Portland riot police here . pic . twitter .    —    LizForTrump ( @WillametteM ) May 6 , 2016 ,   Line at the door in # Eugene is still long . Crowd of ~3 , 200 inside yelling " Donald . " No sign of Trump Eugene Eugene . twitter .    —    Taylor W Anderson ( @TaylorWAnderson ) May 7 , 2016 ,     protesters were out hours before the rally . Getting into Eugene for # Trump Rally . Protesters blocking    @fox12oregon pic . twitter .    —    #Trump Rally @MegaSugianto ) May Eugene , 2016 ,   https :   . twitter .     # Trump protesters making their mark outside the # Eugene venue where he ’s speaking tonight . @fox12oregon pic . twitter .    —    Kelsey Watts ( @KelseyWattsKPTV ) May Eugene , 2016 Eugene   
 