Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Cory Booker     who said Sen. Cory Booker    who said he has a "serious problems" with former FBI Director James Comey    is among the Democratic leaders who find President Donald Trump has a " serious problems " with former FBI Director James Comey     is among the Democratic leaders who find President Donald Trump ’s firing of the official " very problematic . " The fact that we have the President of the United States firing someone who has an active investigation on we have the President of the United States erodes the public trust , " Booker , of New Jersey , said Wednesday on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . " " I ’ve been one of those people with serious problems with Comey . .. but this is very problematic , " Booker said . Booker comments came one day after Trump     acting on a letter from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein     shocked Washington by firing Comey , the man responsible for the bureau ’s investigation to possible ties between Trump Trump     and Russia . White House officials     including senior adviser Kellyanne Conway and deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders     have maintained that Trump ’s Trump     let Comey go does n’t have anything to do with the current ongoing investigation into Russia ’s interference Russia 2016 election . Booker is not as certain . " The mere fact that your question is being asked ( that Russia may influence the Russia ) . .. highlights what I am calling for     trust restored to presidency . .. faith in our elections , " he said . " Booker need to get our the bottom of what ’s going on . This is the kind of stuff that should have been for spy novels of the past not the reality ( of today ) . " He has joined the Booker of Democrats calling on the appointment of a special prosecutor to be appointed to lead the investigation in Comey ’s place . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , they believe , should Attorney General Jeff Sessions be involved , given that he recused himself after Comey emerged Comey failed to disclose Comey with a Russian ambassador to Washington . " This is a Paul Revere moment , " Booker said . " The Russians are coming , what are we going to do about it ? " 
 