On Sunday ’s broadcast of NBC ’s " Meet The Press , " newly elected Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said the Senate Democrats are not going to help    Donald Trump " build   Donald Trump wall . "   When asked where Democrats Democrats should oppose   Donald Trump ,   Donald Trump said , " Well , my test is the specifics . the Senate Democrats ’re not going to work with   Donald Trump for the sake of working with   Donald Trump . the Senate Democrats ’re not going to oppose   Donald Trump just because   Donald Trump says   —    it ’s something that   Donald Trump sponsors . Let me give you a couple examples on both sides . Surprisingly , on certain issues ,   Donald Trump voiced very progressive and populist opinions : changing our trade laws dramatically , a large infrastructure bill , cleaning up the swamp in Washington . These are things that Democrats have always stood for and frankly Republicans have always been against . We ’re going to challenge we We challenge President   Donald Trump work with us on We . If he does   Donald Trump , he will   Donald Trump his promise   Donald Trump blue collar workers , many of whom voted for him on   Donald Trump issues . " " On issues where our values are at stake , the president   Donald Trump a divisive direction , where his campaign did   Donald Trump , we will go We him and with   Donald Trump we ’ve got We " he continued .   Donald Trump We ’re not We to repeal or help him repeal Obamacare   Donald Trump We are not We to roll back   . They should forget about that . We have 60 We to block them . We They not We to help him build his   Donald Trump .   Donald Trump have a We immigration bill that builds tougher border security . We ’re not We to oppose him just because   Donald Trump ’s Trump . We ’re going We stick to our values and We him where where   Donald Trump opposes those   Donald Trump I hope on the promises he made to   Donald Trump collar America , on trade , on carried interest , on infrastructure , that he will stick   Donald Trump them and work those us even if it means breaking with the Republicans who have always opposed these things . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 