Washington ( CNN ) When President Donald Trump ’s aides asked the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday to look into the potential mishandling of classified information by the previous White House , it was the latest example of the Obama administration coming under scrutiny for it response to Russia ’s meddling into the presidential contest . Republicans     including Trump himself     insist President Barack Obama ’s team is attempting to undermine the new President through intelligence leaks about the Trump ’s Russian connections . Certain Democrats , meanwhile , argue President Barack Obama’s was n’t forceful enough in President Barack Obama’s denunciations of Russia ’s actions before the November vote . President Barack Obama’s argued before leaving office that his ’s actions before the November vote calibrated to avoid the appearance of politicizing the issue , and since then former members of his President Barack Obama’s have defended his President Barack Obama’s . But two months after Obama President Barack Obama’s office , the issue the issue into the 2016 campaign appears more political than ever . On Thursday , top White House aides huddled to discuss the actions of the Obama President Barack Obama’s in dealing his administration . Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt that staffers were meeting to discuss comments made earlier this month by a former Defense Department official regarding the collection of    intelligence . Evelyn Farkas , who served as a deputy assistant secretary of defense for     until 2015 , said on March 2 she urged administration and Capitol Hill officials to gather information about Russian hacking before Trump took office . " If they found out how we knew what we knew about their , the staff we the Trump they ’s dealing with Russians , Trump they would try to compromise those sources the Trump staff methods , meaning we would no longer have access to we intelligence , " Farkas told MSNBC . " So I became very worried , because not enough was coming out into the open , and I knew that there was more . " Farkas did n’t say in the interview Farkas she provided any information about Trump ’s Farkas connections to reporters or to lawmakers , simply that she encouraged former colleagues to preserve intelligence Farkas She left government in September 2015 , Farkas than a year before Trump was elected president .   Since Trump’s comments have gained steam in conservative Farkas , she ’s defended herself tweeting : " Farkas did n’t Farkas anybody anything except advice . " Priebus , however , declared Farkas’ comments Thursday " incredible , " and said he ’d discussed the matter with top Priebus Wing aides , including press secretary Sean Spicer . " It ’s so cavalier and unbelievable that I just wonder whether this person knows what the heck she ’s talking about , " Priebus this person . " What it means Priebus what she meant by that , and whether this person has anything to do with the issues in regard to surveillance of Trump transition team members is something that we need to figure out this morning and throughout the day . " In a letter to the top lawmakers on the House Intelligence panel Thursday , White House counsel Don McGhan cited Farkas’ comments in describing " possible inappropriate accumulation or dissemination of classified information . " He requested the committee investigate whether new White House counsel Don McGhan uncovered by Trump ’s National Security Council staff had been properly gathered , and whether proper protocols were observed in transmitting the information . Obama ’s role , The Obama administration ’s actions in the    to last year ’s presidential election , and during the transition period , have come under scrutiny , not just from the current White House but from Democrats , who allege Obama did n’t act forcefully enough to Obama Russia ’s interference in the contest . The US government first affirmed in October Russia was behind cyber attacks at the Democratic National Russia . The statement from the Department of Homeland Security and the office of the Director of National Intelligence did n’t ascribe a motive to the Russian hackers . But to some Democrats , that statement came too late , and offered too The statement from the Department of Homeland Security and the office of the Director of National Intelligence about Russia ’s intentions . US officials have told CNN Russia enforcement and intelligence agencies were positive Russia was behind the hacks in July . It was Russia after the election that officials conceded publicly that the hacks were meant to benefit Trump . " I do the hacks was a mistake , " Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , told NBC in December . " I think those kind of     that lack of deterrence invited the Russians to meddle and consider they could do this with impunity . " Confronted with Democratic outcry the Russians Obama administration officials insisted that publicly outing Russia as working in Trump ’s favor could be seen as overtly political in the    to the election . Obama campaigned heavily for Hillary Clinton in the final months of the Obama . Few in the White House believed Trump would win , and there was concern among aides that announcing Trump ’s goals could be used by Republicans following a loss to Russia the election was rigged against them     a claim Trump himself levied the election ballots were cast . Republicans goal , Trump have told CNN their primary goal was preventing a breach of US voting systems , rather than Obama aides public pronouncements about the Russian   . Some US diplomats also worried that causing a rift with Russia could stymie attempts to broker a deal with Moscow on Syria , though such an agreement never materialized . But the reticence angered some Democrats , including some within Clinton ’s campaign , who argued after the election that a delayed response harmed her chances of victory . They argue that a fuller accounting of Russia ’s Clinton and motives would have some Democrats, including some within Clinton’s campaign, who argued after the election that a delayed response harmed her chances of victory Americans a better picture of their choices in the presidential race . Obama , asked about those complaints , some Democrats, including some within Clinton’s campaign, who argued after the election that a delayed response harmed her chances of victory at the end of last year that he handled the situation appropriately . " Imagine if we had done the opposite Obama It would have become immediately just one more political scrum , " he said at an      news conference . " And part of the goal Obama was to make sure that we did not do the work of the leakers for them by raising more and more questions about the integrity of the election right the leakers the election was taking place . " Brian Fallon , a former Clinton spokesman the election Obama Justice Department employee , said he recognized the bind Obama was in . " The President was in an impossible Brian Fallon, a former Clinton spokesman and former Obama Justice Department employee of having to deal with an unprecedented assault on our democracy while also avoid appearing to put a thumb on the scale , " said Fallon , a CNN political commentator . " Of course in retrospect , I might wish more had been done but I do n’t blame the President for anything . He probably thought she was going to win , just The President many of us did The President " 
 