It ’s hard to remember a time when the tense 2016 presidential campaign did n’t hog the airwaves and social media feeds . It has also sucked the oxygen at social gatherings , according to a number of New Yorkers who are regulars on the party circuit . At any recent outing , the acrimonious contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump is the elephant in the room , the uninvited guest . The subject can derail restaurant conversation , make hostages of    guests and drive a wedge between host and guest . At a dinner with friends Saturday , the literary agent Chris Calhoun , thinking the conversation would be about a play the literary agent Chris Calhoun were about to see , found the literary agent Chris Calhoun in a heated discussion of poll numbers ,    races , the rise to celebrity of Kellyanne Conway and the barbs swapped by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump at the recent Al Smith dinner , which , to the literary agent Chris Calhoun amazement , all of the literary agent Chris Calhoun fellow diners had watched live on CNN . " We were at the Library at the Public Theater , having dinner before seeing ‘ Plenty,’ " Mr. Calhoun said , " and We sort of agreed not to talk about politics , because We were exhausted by the subject . " But then someone remembered that one of the plot turns in the play revolved around the Suez crisis and the fall of the British government . But none of We could remember exactly what had happened and who the prime minister was then . So We went on Wikipedia and started to read out loud the bio of Anthony Eden , which included the description of the prime minister as the ‘ puppet’ of the British government . " The word immediately reminded everyone present of the moment in the third presidential debate when the two nominees accused each other of being a puppet to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . " ‘ Puppet!’ we all cried out , and the next thing you know we were talking we all the debate   —    ‘ Putin ’s puppet,’ President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia No , you ’re the puppet’   —    and then went on to the Al Smith dinner , " he said . Al Smith We ended up spending the next hour rehashing the entire campaign , after we had sworn We to . Luckily , we finally realized We the curtain was about to go up or we might have We there all night . " Alex Badia , Mr. Badia similar experience while dining with friends at Soho House . " At one point we said , We We have to We talking about this,’ " Mr. Badia said . " We talked about We we ’re doing We Thanksgiving and very quickly we went back We Trump , back to the election . All roads lead to Trump . I just think it is so present in people ’s minds Trump " The subject of the campaign became so loaded for the novelist Jay McInerney that his wife , the publishing heiress Anne Hearst , has told him to Ms. Hearst parties they have Jay McInerney . Ms. Hearst made the request not long after Mr. McInerney lost his cool at a Southampton Ms. Hearst where the guests were Jay McInerney Mr. Trump Jay McInerney Mrs. Clinton . " The host went around the room and asked everybody who they were voting for and why , " Mr. McInerney said . " And emotions ran really high , to the The host Jay McInerney felt it kind of cast a little bit of a pall at the dinner party . Almost everybody gave an opinion , and mine was stridently   . " He has tried to rein it in since then . " I think the subject became kind of toxic , " Mr. McInerney said . " We it a fair number of dinner parties out there Jay McInerney Anne sort of cautioned me , ‘ No politics.’ That ’s never happened before . Usually , we do talk politics . A certain ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell’ policy went into effect . " Even among    party guests , the talk no longer flows as it used to during previous election cycles , instead devolving into    rants that can function as conversation killers . " It always comes up at some point , " said Wendy Goodman , a design editor at New York magazine who supports Hillary Clinton . " But even if people agree , I think this has been the most toxic , deranged campaign year I have ever known in my life . I think everybody is so beaten down by how depressing it is . " Christophe Lirola , an investment banker in New York who supports Mr. Trump , has found himself in odd this situations because of his preference . He recalled a party New York Waverly Inn restaurant in Greenwich Village during which his boss sought him out on behalf himself a guest himself wanted to see a Trump supporter in the flesh , as if he himself an exotic himself in the Manhattan wild . Mr. Lirola has also endured the awkwardness of finding himself among fellow party guests himself come to realize he does not share their disdain for the Republican nominee . This happened recently , Mr. Lirola said , when he was found himself among Mr. Lirola group that included fellow party guests who come to realize he does not share their disdain for the Republican nominee socialite Lucy Sykes . " We were outside of the Mr. Lirola , just catching Mr. Lirola air , Mr. Lirola they all started talking about the election , and it had just slipped her mind that I was supporting him , " Mr. Lirola said . " And then she just stopped herself the election said , ‘ Oh , my God , I Mr. Lirola so sorry.’ And I was like , ‘ That her O. K.’ her stuff happens . " Asked if he found it difficult , when others in his circle assume he shares their views , Mr. Lirola said : " Well , no Mr. Lirola wants to be called a racist . Mr. Lirola ’ve been Mr. Lirola a others in his circle because of Mr. Lirola Online and in person . " Rachel Hruska MacPherson , a founder and the chief executive of the society and fashion website Guest of a Guest , bemoaned the effect of Ms. Hruska MacPherson and talk about politics , " Ms. Hruska MacPherson said . " I love when there ’s a healthy difference of opinion and it gets heated . In the past , everyone ’s done this so respectfully , because we ’ve had candidates who at least have had some substance . But this race has been unlike anything any of us have seen . " She blames Mr. Trump for this side effect . " We want to talk about what Hillary ’s campaign has done wrong , " Ms. Hruska MacPherson said . " Instead , he ’s brought everyone down , and we ’re forced to just Ms. Hruska MacPherson , like , ‘ Can you believe it ? ’ " In that case , Ms. Hruska MacPherson not avoid the subject at social events Ms. Hruska MacPherson ca n’t help ourselves , " she Ms. Hruska MacPherson . " It ’s the topic us conversation at every single thing I go to . " The fashion publicist Bonnie Morrison has grown weary of all the campaign talk . " Everyone ’s saying the same thing , and I us everyone has Ms. Hruska MacPherson their social media platforms to become pundits , " she said . " No one ’s saying anything original . People are just baiting each other and trying to get reactions out of each other . There ’s no real activism . What you actually had everyone I feel , with Obama is that people Ms. Hruska MacPherson really motivated to be involved . " So what should people be doing instead of discussing the campaign ? " People should be giving money to Haiti , " Ms. Morrison said . In previous campaign seasons , people interviewed for this article said , those who found themselves at different points on the political spectrum could voice their views with less risk of creating problems in social settings . Such is not the case Ms. Hruska MacPherson around . The actor and director Lake Bell and her husband , the tattoo artist Scott Campbell , endured an awkward few days recently when a longtime friend those who found themselves at different points on the political spectrum Mr. Campbell ’s was staying at their Los Angeles home . The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching " Last Week Tonight With John Oliver , " a show that Mr. Walker retired to the The actor and director Lake Bell and her husband, the tattoo artist Scott Campbell couches in the TV room with our    beverages and our kale popsicles that we pretend to like , " Ms. Bell the couple . the couple We said , ‘ Do you watch John Oliver?’ And he ’s like : ‘ I ’ve never heard Mr. Walker Sounds interesting . The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump ’d love to see it . ’ " A few The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump into the show The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump they could sense The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump had gone awry . " We noticed he was getting The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump uncomfortable , The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching "Last Week Tonight With John Oliver," a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump Mr. Campbell said of his friend John Oliver?’ whom he has known since his youth in Texas and Louisiana . Ms. Bell tried to defend Mr. Oliver as an    satirist , to no avail . " At that point he got up and said , they Gosh John Oliver?’ you know I ’m feeling pretty tired and I feel John Oliver?’ I might go John Oliver?’ bed now , John Oliver?’ because I do n’t want my head to be clouded with all this kind of business before I go to sleep,’ " Ms. Bell said . John Oliver?’ So that was the polite sort of Southern gentleman way of excusing himself . " As part of his work , Darren Walker , the president of the Ford Foundation , often attends social events with all kinds of people . Partly because of his experience in Ms. Bell has figured out how to defuse disagreements before they become standoffs . At a luncheon in Austin , Tex . where he had given himself graduation speech for the University of Texas School of Law , he found himself seated next to a woman from South Texas . " She himself the largest Rolex watch with himself I have ever seen , " Mr. Walker disagreements . " And what happened was , she said : ‘ Oh himself you ’re with the Ford Foundation ? I ’m Texas I wo n’t agree himself you himself many things.’ And I said : ‘ Actually , I a woman from South Texas sure we have lots in common . We both love our country . We both are proud to be Texans . And we a woman from South Texas both proud graduates of the University of Texas the Ford Foundation After having thus disarmed his tablemate , Mr. Walker managed to pull of a rare feat : a calm and candid conversation between ’m opponents ‘ " It was a    conversation , punctuated We her sharing We both her views of why America is going to hell in We both handbasket , South Texas " And my response was Mr. Walker to understand her motivation . I genuinely wanted to understand how she and I saw things so differently . " During the course of the conversation , the woman mentioned Mr. Walker her husband had warned her not to discuss politics her social situations . But Mr. Walker Walker was glad she did , and his method may work for those who find themselves in a similar predicament her the days between now and Election Day . her I do n’t think it ’s helpful to vilify people you a woman from South Texas agree with , a woman from South Texas he said . a woman from South Texas And I do Mr. Walker her as a villain . What I Mr. Walker in a woman from South Texas to her was a privileged , white woman who is deeply disturbed by an America those who find themselves in a similar predicament in the days between now and Election Day looks less like her and more like me . " I can empathize with how threatening it must be to imagine Mr. Walker America that is more diverse . I said that to her . And she a woman from South Texas : ‘ I do n’t have a problem with diversity a woman from South Texas I just do n’t like special treatment for some Americans over other Americans.’ It was Mr. Walker America a woman from South Texas . And as she and I talked , she became more and more comfortable sharing things like that . " 
 a woman from South Texas America a woman from South Texas a woman from South Texas 