’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump aims to start construction of the    wall along the US border with Mexico within months . ’ ’    President Donald Trump told ABC News ’’ David Muir   published Wednesday that David Muir   wanted construction to    begin as soon as possible . When David Muir   asked whether that meant    construction would start within months , Trump said , " I would say    in months , yeah . " ’ ’    " Certainly planning is starting immediately , " Trump said . ’ ’    At the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday , Trump signed    two executive orders related to immigration and the construction    of the wall . Trump told department employees that the moves would    help " restore the rule of law . " ’ ’    " A nation without borders is not a nation . Beginning today , the    United States of America gets back control as the   United States of America gets back the   United States of America    borders , " Trump said . ’ ’    When asked by Muir whether American taxpayers would pay for the    wall , Trump said that the money would " come out of what’ ’s    happening with Mexico . " ’ ’    " We’’re going to be starting those negotiations relatively soon ,    and we will be , in a form , reimbursed by Mexico , " Trump said . ’ ’    Trump dodged the question when Muir pressed Trump on whether    American taxpayers would initially foot the bill for construction    of the wall . ’ ’    " All it is is we’’ll be reimbursed at a later date from whatever    transaction we make from Mexico , " Trump said . ’ ’    Muir mentioned that Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has said    Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto would refuse to pay for the wall , but Trump Trump firm . ’ ’    " I think he Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to say that . He Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to say that , " Trump Trump .    " But I’’m just telling you there will be a payment . It will be in       form , perhaps a complicated form , and you have to understand       I’’m I’’m is good for the United States . It’ ’s also going to       good for Mexico . We want to have a very stable , very solid    Mexico . " ’ ’    During a press conference on Wednesday , White House press    secretary Sean Spicer said there were   Trump could use to make sure Mexico Mexico pay for       wall . ’ ’ ’ " JUST IN : President Trump   News’ : Construction of border wall will begin " in months . "   " 
 