David Saunders , veteran Democratic    " Trumpocrat , " told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle the charges of racism thrown at former Breitbart News executive and founding Breitbart News Daily host Steve Bannon , following his departure to work for the Tump campaign and Trump White House , are utterly ridiculous . [ " I had a long Steve came to Steve Bannon for Trump , being a fellow Virginian , and both of us are Virginia Tech Hokies , " he recalled . Steve Bannon We talked about the    society , something us he ’s interested Steve Bannon and something that I ’m interested in . Of course , Steve was raised in a family of faith , and I ’m a heathen . I do n’t doubt ’m to anybody . But I do have , as most southerners do , a strong working faith . He went to Steve Bannon school , a Catholic military school there in Richmond , stricter than the orphanage was in The Blues Brothers . "   " We talked for a long time about the    society , and how we get there , how we get back We the basics of ‘ We or yellow or black or white , they ’re precious in His sight,’ like we the basics of ‘red or yellow or black or white to sing at Sunday school . We ’s offensive to me , this idea that ’s been put forth . I ’m not going to sit here and shoot at Hillary Clinton that ’s over with for now , but identity politics that the Democrats are doing right now simply do not work with the masses , " he observed .   " It ’s like identity politics that the Democrats are doing right now said : they did n’t get out of the Beltway the Democrats and did n’t get out here in rural America , small town    market and beyond America , throughout the Rust Belt , throughout America country . They ’re sick , man America they the Democrats hurting . I mean , these the Democrats are seeing their kids leave in the Democrats going to these the Democrats centers . We ’ve been typecast as Simon LeGrees standing above a creek in Deliverance style , waiting on somebody to float down the river . It could n’t be further from the truth , " Saunders contended . " I think Donald Trump articulated the problems of a nation moved to a    government , and anybody who does n’t believe that we now have a    government is foolish . Trump hit the right notes . As far as I Donald Trump concerned , he espouses what I am , " he said . Donald Trump " And I am a Democrat Donald Trump " Saunders added . " I ’m not jumping to the Saunders . I want to be very clear there , although I have many Republican friends . Where I live , if you do n’t have Republican friends , you do n’t have any friends . We ’ve got a lot of work to do to our party to return it to the days of Jacksonian We   —    where social justice , and economic fairness , and individual liberties run at the top . " When Boyle asked how he feels when he sees    Democrats accuse Steve Bannon Boyle racism or Boyle white nationalist " leanings , Saunders said he finds it " insane . " " Something the Saunders never talks about , and this is in my conversations with Steve Bannon , he does n’t have this huge ego Steve Bannon Saunders said Saunders " When I first went to Washington after Saunders did Mark Warner ’s campaign in 2001 , and went to work for John Edwards , I met 16 , 412 people who were the reason Bill Clinton got elected , and then I met 16 , 412 people that if Al Gore had listened to them , he would have been elected . But the egos up there Al Gore unbelievable . "   " Steve did something very , very , very smart , and Steve Bannon     even though I am one : he stayed out of the spotlight , " he continued . Steve Bannon He knew that the campaign could become Steve Bannon him . So Steve Bannon did n’t do all these interviews . Steve Bannon did n’t Steve Bannon himself . In no way did he Steve Bannon that , and Steve Bannon is no proof out there Steve Bannon he did any other . That was really impressive to me Steve Bannon that he would go over there , for no Steve Bannon , and Steve Bannon what he did , and at the same token was n’t in Steve Bannon public eye . He stayed out of it because he knew . "   Steve Bannon It drives me crazy , Steve Bannon racism thing , " Saunders it . " What people do n’t understand is , inside the Beltway , is that since the Civil Rights Act passed in 1964 , which is now 52 years , a lot has happened . The most important thing that has happened in my view , from watching this thing go and move along , is every white person this racism thing most part in the South now , has a good black friend . And every black person in the South now has a good white friend . I live out the South the country , and I can tell you , I know two pure racists . And that ’s it . "   " This idea that the Klan ’s down here everywhere   —    hell , the Klan ’s been gone from here for years , " he scoffed the Klan It ’s just stereotypes that have been placed upon us , movies you see they ’ve always got a dumb southerner in there , or a dumb redneck , or something . They stereotype these people , and it ’s wrong . I think that the they got fed up with it It and once they heard they ’re deplorables , and the irredeemables , It racism , and the people that the people stuff , they balked . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from the people a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 