Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton met with the FBI for three and a half hours Saturday as part of the investigation into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server while leading the State Department , Hillary Clinton campaign said . " Hillary Clinton gave a voluntary interview this morning about her Hillary Clinton arrangements while she Hillary Clinton secretary , " Clinton Hillary Clinton Nick Merrill said in a statement . " She Hillary Clinton pleased to have had the opportunity to assist the Department of Justice in bringing this review to a conclusion . " Clinton Hillary Clinton MSNBC ’s Chuck Todd Saturday evening that the interview was something " I had been eager to do . " An aide said the the interview at FBI headquarters in Washington Saturday morning . The FBI FBI FBI . The meeting signals the investigation is coming to an end , and sources tell CNN the expectation is Clinton will not face charges .   Still , the probe has cast a shadow over Clinton ’s campaign Clinton news of FBI agents interviewing FBI former secretary of state gave Republicans an opportunity to pounce after Clinton has spent weeks Clinton the top of most polls . It has also put the probe Justice Department in the position of having a major impact on the 2016 race     a role made even more awkward this week by an unplanned meeting between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch that raised questions about the impartiality of the probe . The question now becomes how long it will take for The question FBI to conclude its probe . Within the FBI next two weeks or so , the expectation is there will be an announcement of no charges being brought against Clinton so long as no evidence of wrongdoing emerges from her interview with the Clinton , sources the FBI the investigation told CNN . CNN has previously reported no CNN were expected to be brought against Clinton because the investigators had Clinton found evidence to warrant charges , according to multiple law enforcement officials . A Democrat close to Clinton said Saturday the campaign Clinton the FBI will announce its the FBI the conventions . the FBI familiar with the investigation had previously told CNN the Justice Department ’s aim CNN to wrap up before the Republican and Democratic conventions later the conventions is crucial , because if Clinton were to be indicted before Clinton convention , Democrats could perhaps nominate another candidate . Asked about reports that she is unlikely to face charges Clinton Clinton told Todd , " I Clinton not going to comment on the process . I have no knowledge of any timelines . This is entirely up to the department . " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said it was " impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton . " " It Clinton for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton . the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton " Trump tweeted , referring to the former president ’s meeting with Lynch Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump After reports surfaced that Clinton was unlikely to be charged , Trump Clinton tweeted , " It was just      no charges will Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton . Like I said , Clinton Clinton ! " Asked by CNN ’s Brianna Keilar in a " State of the Union " interview Saturday about the possibility of the presumptive Democratic nominee being indicted , New Jersey senator     and potential Clinton running mate     Cory Booker flatly ruled out the possibility Clinton " That ’s just not going to happen , " said Booker , who declined to answer whether the former secretary of state should step aside in favor of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders or Vice President Joe Biden if she ’s indicted before the election . " That ’s something that , to me , is not even within the realm of possibility , the former secretary of state Booker said .   A reminder of Clinton ’s trustworthiness issues , The interview comes at the end of a week that could have been another win for Clinton as Trump continues to struggle , but instead demonstrated her     and her husband ’s     inability to avoid unforced errors and leave past Clinton behind . House Benghazi Committee Republicans on Tuesday released Clinton report on Clinton September 11 , 2012 , attack where four Americans died , which drew significant media attention but lacked significant new information House Benghazi Committee Republicans changed the dynamic of the race . The panel ’s biggest discovery was finding the email address and server over a year ago . Clinton has maintained that no emails marked as House Benghazi Committee Republicans the time were sent on the server , and that information in some emails was retroactively classified . And her campaign has actively portrayed the congressional investigation into Benghazi as a partisan exercise , highlighted by last October ’s    hearing where Clinton testified . Clinton the FBI interview , along with news of the    meeting , shows Clinton ca n’t move past the email issue     Clinton story that overshadowed the launch of her campaign in early 2015 and helped Bernie Sanders find Clinton room . Sanders , in fact , is still in the race , pushing for her campaign to the Democratic platform . As recently as Thursday , the Vermont Bernie Sanders said he ’s not ready to endorse Clinton . For Republicans , the possibility of an indictment is a satisfying one . The GOP Bernie Sanders Clintons for 25 Bernie Sanders , from Clinton scandals of Bill Clinton ’s presidency and his impeachment to Hillary Clinton ’s actions leading up to and during the Benghazi attacks . That the FBI could hamstring her presidential ambitions is a bonus for the Bill Clinton’s . Republicans pounce , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that Clinton is now " the first major party presidential candidate to be The GOP the FBI as part of a criminal investigation surrounding her reckless conduct . " " That Hillary Clinton’s FBI wanted her for questioning reinforces her central role in deliberately creating a the FBI put her own political ambitions above State Hillary Clinton’s rules and jeopardized our national security . the FBI the FBI , 000 emails Hillary Clinton’s Clinton ’s decision exposed classified information , including 22 Hillary Clinton’s included top secret intelligence , just so she could skirt transparency laws in order to hide her shady dealings as secretary of state , " Priebus continued .   He added , " The American people need to have Clinton that the Obama Justice Department is conducting a Clinton and impartial investigation , but when the attorney general meets secretly with Clinton Clinton just days before Hillary ’s interrogation is conducted discreetly over a holiday weekend , it raises serious concerns about special treatment . " RNC chief strategist and communications director Sean Spicer also pounced on the news Saturday afternoon . " . @HillaryClinton campaign statement says She Hillary’s interrogation voluntarily " met w @FBI for 3 . 5 hours this morning    yeah , lots of people volunteer 2 do that , " he tweeted . He quickly added Hillary " Now I get it ! After Attorney General @LorettaLynch   @billclinton secretly meet @HillaryClinton spends 3 . 5 hrs   # FourthOfJulyWeekend @fbi HQ " But the he is a reminder for Republicans that Trump that a major liability himself . He ’s more unpopular @HillaryClinton Clinton is and his poll numbers are sliding . Her campaign and allies have been airing millions of dollars’ worth of ads against him , many highlighting he impolitic statements about women and minorities     he groups that are backing Clinton Clinton large margins . The GOP establishment has yet to fully rally around the he New York businessman he who trails Clinton 46 % to 40 % in the latest CNN Clinton of Polls and has struggled to raise money in comparison to the Clinton and Democratic juggernaut . The revelations of the Clinton server as part of the House ’s Benghazi probe have also resulted in lawsuits filed in Freedom of Information Act cases by the conservative Judicial Watch and other groups . One such lawsuit saw Clinton ’s top aide , Huma Abedin , deposed this week , along with other State Department staffers . A State Department Inspector General report released in late May said Clinton failed Clinton follow rules or inform key staff about the server . " At a minimum , Secretary Clinton should have surrendered all emails dealing with Department business before leaving government Clinton and , because she did not do so , the email server not comply with the Department ’s Clinton Clinton implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act , " the report said . 
 Clinton Clinton State Department A State Department Inspector General report released in late May 