Washington ( CNN ) Republican leaders in Congress , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , are busy trying to reassure GOP lawmakers who are nervous about repealing Obamacare too fast without a replacement plan .   But    Donald Trump says any delay is unacceptable .   Donald Trump demanded Tuesday that   Donald Trump fellow Republicans act immediately to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .   Donald Trump told The New York Times that   Donald Trump wants a repeal vote to happen " some time next week " followed by a vote on a replacement bill " very quickly or simultaneously . " According to The New York Times ,   Donald Trump said "   Donald Trump would not accept a delay of more than a few weeks before a replacement plan was voted on . " Congressional Republicans , however , are nowhere close to proposing a plan to replace the sweeping healthcare law , let alone having something in place that can be voted on , withstand a Senate filibuster and be sent to the White House for   Donald Trump signature . These comments from Trump   Donald Trump put Republican leaders in a bind , as they have Republican leaders been fielding widespread concerns from     members about moving too fast to dismantle Obamacare when there is little consensus on an alternative .   Trump   Donald Trump also appears to suggest the incoming President ’s lack of understanding about the process that is already unfolding on Capitol Hill to repeal large parts of the law     a first procedural vote is expected some time this week , but a final repeal bill was not expected to be voted on for weeks or months . The   ’s direction to Republicans was published in the Times just hours after Ryan said that GOP leadership now hopes to tackle " repeal and replace " simultaneously     a dramatic turn of events from the original goal of quickly repealing the healthcare law and then spending years standing up a new system .     " It is our goal to bring it all together concurrently , " Ryan told reporters Ryan a    meeting with House GOP members . GOP Ryan emphasized that Ryan would be a complicated and    effort .    We ’ll use every tool at our disposal through We , through regulation , to bring replace concurrent along with repeal so we can save people from this mess , " Ryan said . Ryan Republicans on Capitol Hill are united on getting rid of President Barack Obama ’s signature healthcare law . The House and Senate are expected to vote this week on a budget resolution     dubbed by Republicans as the " repeal resolution "     that will be the first of two steps in rolling back major parts of Obamacare .   " He ’s saying we ca n’t wait two years , we would all we with that , " said Rep. Chris Collins ,    York , and a member of Trump ’s transition team , said of Trump ’s comments Trump It ’s also , given this legislative body , not going to be in two weeks . " Collins said Trump is a CEO Trump using that mindset to make a decision and wants Republicans in Congress to do the same .   " That ’s where Donald Trump the CEO Trump legislative body that tends to procrastinate when they do n’t want make Republicans in Congress decision will be butting heads some , " he said .   " Donald Trump the CEO versus a legislative body that tends to procrastinate when they don’t want make wants us moving it Donald Trump the CEO versus a legislative body that tends to procrastinate when they don’t want make so we can put it on us desk right it , Donald Trump the CEO versus a legislative body that tends to procrastinate when they don’t want make Collins added . " I ’m not reading it literally literally . " it Alarm bells from GOP lawmakers , Republicans came back to Washington with a plan to quickly repeal the law while working on a replacement , but as they confront the practical impact Alarm bells from GOP lawmakers, Republicans wiping away much of the current health care system , Republicans are also anxious to quickly reassure the public that they have a plan for Republicans would come in its place .   With the law budget resolution vote just days away , alarm bells are ringing out across Capitol Hill .   Senate Republicans have grown increasingly vocal , airing concerns that the party may be moving too fast to repeal a law that covers some 20 million people in the House , GOP members ranging from conservatives to moderates are also joining in . Republicans increasingly worried about Obamacare plan   These worries spilled out into the open during a Tuesday morning House GOP conference meeting , where GOP shared their unease about the upcoming members resolution vote .   Rep. Mark Meadows , the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , said the group will not take members position on the vote until they get more the upcoming budget resolution vote leadership members   " We just would like some more members in terms of repeal and replacement aspects of the Affordable Care Act , where we ’re going with it , " Meadows said as he left the meeting . " Hopefully , what we will see and we ’re hopeful that leadership will give we some more specifics in the next we to 48 hours . "   " I ran for office on repeal and replace . I certainly think we should advance replacement aspects as quickly we possible , " New Jersey Republican Rep. Leonard Lance told CNN .    Lance said he was willing to support New Jersey Republican Rep. Leonard Lance procedural New Jersey Republican Rep. Leonard Lance to begin unwinding the law but stressed that he wants a clear timeline for those New Jersey Republican Rep. Leonard Lance under Obamcare ’s Medicaid expansion so patients know where to get coverage under a new program .   Kentucky Rep. Andy Barr suggested that there were tensions in Tuesday ’s meeting between members who were emphatic that a repeal and replace vote happen simultaneously , and others who stressed that it ’s simply impossible to move toward repeal until the Republicans first pass the budget resolution .   " There ’s some folks who have expressed a desire to do everything at once but I do n’t think they fully understand that if we do n’t take these first steps , we ’re never going to get to we next step , " said Barr , a member of the Republican Study Committee , which introduced its own replacement plan last week .   Barr said he will vote in support of the Barr resolution and that he expects a " very large majority Barr of his conference to do the same . Barr Ryan and other leaders discussed ideas for adding replacement into an upcoming budget reconciliation bill     the vehicle through which Republicans plan to roll back Obamacare . But the speaker admitted that they have n’t decided yet how much Ryan and other leaders the law they can dismantle or replace with this Ryan and other leaders , pointing out that there are rules limiting what the budget reconciliation bill can include .   " We will pass as much as we can through whatever vehicle we ’ve We and then we will pass all the other things we regular order outside of reconciliation that show you the full scope of what a real replacement effort will look like , " Ryan said .   Florida GOP Rep. Dennis Ross told reporters that the hope is to " do as much replacement as we can get away with in the reconciliation package " before throwing the ball back to the Senate .   He said Republicans will focus on measures Florida GOP Rep. Dennis Ross to tax and spending , including provisions to promote health savings accounts , remove the financial penalty for those who do n’t enroll in Obamacare .   Republican leaders also continue to insist there will be a smooth transition to a new system and that they wo n’t abruptly cancel insurance policies Republican leaders   House GOP Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers took those reassurances one step further on Tuesday , saying : " Let me be clear : no one who has coverage because of Obamacare today will lose that coverage . Obamacare   Others stressed the need to begin the process now to repeal the law , but seemed comfortable with allotting plenty of time for the rest of the process to play out .   the process is a recognition that Obamacare took a long time to construct Obamacare " Illinois Republican Rep. Peter Roskam said , " and it ’s similarly going to take a long time to deconstruct . "   Trump as businessman , not legislator , Republicans working on the healthcare issue downplayed Trump ’s comments , which came after the    conference meeting , pointing to the difference between the   ’s perspective as a businessman rather than a political leader . " You ca n’t repeal it and replace it quickly    that ’s an oxymoron , it Collinstold reporters . " We can repeal it quickly and replace it in a timely it . "     it House GOP members are reluctant to vote for the budget resolution on Friday until some of their questions about the plan ahead are cleared Many House GOP members . " We should not vote until we see the Many House GOP members and well in front Many House GOP members plenty of time on what the fix is , " House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions said Tuesday .   He said members are " entitled " to House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions details on the replacement " before we do anything . " Sessions said GOP members still trying to figure out the next steps in terms of the budget vote slated for Friday . North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson had Friday read the Times story , the Times he essentially agreed with Trump ’s   Donald Trump to North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson quickly . " Trump’s that ’s where the American people are and we are working through the process , " he said . " the process means weeks or days North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson does it mean hours     we are working through the timing . "    Asked we Trump does   Donald Trump understand the process , Hudson said , " the guy the process a politician , North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson ’s a businessman . " 
 the guy 