Washington ( CNN ) The State Department has removed a blog post that touted President Donald Trump ’s personally owned private Florida club ,    . a blog post that touted President Donald Trump was available to all embassies through Share America , a The State Department program for US embassies . " The intention of the article was to inform the public about where the President has been hosting world leaders , " a small message reads on the Share America website . " We regret any misperception and have removed the post a blog post that touted President Donald Trump story is still up on the US Embassy in London ’s website , but officials say the post is a blog post that touted President Donald Trump be removed . In a markedly promotional blog post from April 5 that could eventually benefit the President ’s bottom line , should it spur membership or the President’s bottom line visits , the embassy writes that the US Embassy in London has " become well known as the President frequently travels there to work or host foreign leaders . " Ethics watchdogs and Democratic groups have been closely eyeing Trump ’s ability to benefit his bottom line through the Trump and this blog post has some questioning whether the government is now helping publicize the property . The     the property already seemingly benefited from Trump ’s presidency . The club Trump’s initiation fee from The    Club , 000 The    Club $ 200 , 000 after Trump was elected and members and Trump members around     have said there is now an added cachet with frequently visiting the President ’s club . " Aggressively begging foreign countries to funnel money straight into Trump ’s pocket is a clear Trump Trump’s Constitution ’s emoluments clause , but that ’s precisely what the State Department is doing by openly promoting one of the Trumps’ private businesses , " Shripal Shah , vice president of American Bridge , a Democratic firm , said Monday . " It ’s a gross abuse of taxpayer resources and flagrant violation of the law from an administration that thinks rules do n’t apply to them . " Acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner rules n’t aware of the State Department when it was raised by reporters on Monday . Both Norm Acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner , former President Barack Obama Monday ethics czar , and Richard Painter , the chief White House ethics lawyer for George W. Bush , said the blog post was a violation of federal law that the post the government promoting a private business that benefits their superior , the president . " This is outrageous , more the government of public office for Trump ’s personal gain , " Eisen said . " Using the government ’s megaphone to promote    " is like when Kellyanne the government a top Trump aide , urged people during a television interview to buy Ivanka Trump Trump clothing line .   The Office of Government Ethics found that to be a violation , but Conway was not punished , despite being " counseled " on the matter Kellyanne Conway " It ’s illegality run rampant , " Eisen said . The blog entry , which was posted earlier this month , stems from an earlier post by Share America , a State Department site that aims to share " compelling stories and images that spark discussion and debate on important topics " with foreign governments and US embassies . The Share America story , which labels     the " winter White House , " a term Trump has taken to using , goes through the history of the property and how Trump was set to host Chinese President Xi Jinping at the property in Trump . The entry details how it was built by the property Post in 1927 , when the cereal heiress hoped the property would be used by presidents and dignitaries . Trump bought the property the property . The post also noted that " Trump opened the estate the property members of the public Marjorie Merriweather Post as Trump     Club . " Trump has visited     seven times as president , spending a total of Trump days at the club . He has entertained foreign dignitaries     including Xi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Trump the    Club he has also spent considerable time on the golf course , including at Trump nearby Trump International Golf Club . Several Democratic lawmakers , many of Trump have raised questions in the    Club of     questioned the blog post . Sen. Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat , tweeted , " Yes , I am curious @StateDept . Why are taxpayer $ $ promoting the President ’s private country club ? " And House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted , " Why is @realDonaldTrump ’s State Dept promoting the President ’s private club ? # Trump100Days " 
 the President’s 