Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and businessman Donald Trump went     in a thrilling exchange at the GOP Debate in Charleston , South Carolina on Thursday evening as Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and businessman Donald Trump debated Cruz ’s constitutional eligibility for the presidency . [ The fight , which opened the second round of questions , was triggered by moderator Neil Cavuto , who asked Cruz directly whether the fact that he had been born in Canada meant he was not a " natural born citizen . "   Then , this : CAVUTO : Senator Cruz . Now you are , of course , a strict constitutionalist . No one would doubt that . And , as you know , the U. A. Constitution says only natural born citizens are elgible for the office of President of the United States . Stop me if you heard this before . Now you were born , you were born in Canada to an American mother . so you were and are considered an American citizen . But that fellow next to you , Donald Trump —   and others —   have said being born in Canada means you are not natural born and that has raised questions about your eligibility . Do you want to try to close this topic once and for all tonight ? CRUZ : ( Laughs ) Well , Neil , i ’m glad we ’re focusing on the important topics of the evening . ( Laughter , Applause ) Back in September , my friend Donald said that my friend Donald ’d had my friend Donald lawyers look at this from every which way , and there was no issue there . There was nothing to this " Birther " issue . ( Laughter ) Now since September , the Constitution has n’t changed . ( Laughter ) But the poll numbers have . ( Applause ) And I recognize , I recognize that Donald is dismayed that Donald poll numbers are falling in Iowa . But the facts and the law here are really quite clear . Under longstanding U. S. law , the child of a U. S. citizen born abroad is a natural born citizen . If a soldier has a child abroad , the child of a U. S. citizen born abroad is a natural born citizen . That is why John McCain , even though he the child of a U. S. citizen born abroad born in Panama , was eligible to run for president . If an American missionary has a child abroad , that the child of a U. S. citizen born abroad a natural born citizen . That ’s why George Romney , Mitt ’s dad , was eligible to run for president , even though he was Mitt in Mexico . At end of the day the legal issue is quite straightforward but I would note that the birther theories that Donald has relying on , some of the more extreme ones insist that you must not only be born on U. S. soil , but have two parents born on U. S. U. S. Under that theory , not only would I be disqualified , Marco Rubio would be disqualified , Bobby Jindal would be disqualified —   and interestingly enough , Donald J. Trump would be disqualified . ( Applause ) Because , because , Donald ’s Donald born in Scotland . She was naturalized . Donald’s mother was born in Scotland Donald —     —    TRUMP : But I was born here . CRUZ : On the issue of citizenship , Donald —    TRUMP Donald — difference . CRUZ : On issue of CRUZ , Donald , I Donald not going to use your mother ’s birth Donald’s mother . ( Donald ) TRUMP : Because Mr. Trump  …     American CRUZ As is everybody else on this stage . And I would suggest we focus on who ’s best prepared to be     because that ’s the most important question facing the country . ( Applause ) CAVUTO : Mr. Trump   …     you raised it , because of his rising poll numbers . TRUMP : Let me tell you Mr. Trump  …     , and you Mr. Trump  …     , because you saw the numbers yourself , NBC , Wall Street Journal came out with a poll headlined his rising poll numbers Trump Way up , Cruz Going Down . " I mean , so do n’t Mr. Trump  …     Boos ) —   see , you ca n’t , you ca n’t , they do n’t like the Wall Street Journal , they do n’t like NBC , but I like the poll Wall Street Journal it just came out they NBC and in Iowa now , as you a poll headlined Ted , in the last three polls I ’m beating you . So you should n’t misrepresent how well you ’re doing with the polls . ( Applause ) You do n’t have to say that . In fact I was all for you until you started doing that . Because that ’s a misrepresentation . Number one . Number two , this Ted n’t me saying it . I do n’t care . I think I will win fair and square . I do n’t have to win this way . Thank you . Laurence Tribe and numerous —   from Harvard , of Harvard —   said that there is a serious question as to whether or not Ted can do this , Harvard ? There are other attorneys that feel —   and very , very fine constitutional attorneys —   that feel that because he was not born on the land , he can not run for office . Here ’s the problem . Ted ’re running , we ’re running . Ted does great . I win . I choose him as my    candidate and the We sue , because Ted ca n’t take him along for the ride Ted I do n’t like that . Okay ? ( Laughter the Democrats The fact is Ted and if , for some reason he beats the rest of the field , he beats the rest of the field who is —    ( Ted ) See , they do n’t like Ted . They do n’t like that . ( Boos ) They do n’t like that " he beats rest of the they , " because they want me . If they some reason , Neil , Ted beats rest of the field , I already know they Democrats are going to be bringing a suit . Ted have a big lawsuit the field head while you ’re running and if you become the nominee , who the hell knows if you can even serve in office ? So you should go out , get a declaratory judgment . Let the courts decide and   —    CAVUOT : Why are you saying this now ? Why are you raising this issue now ? TRUMP : Because now he is doing a little bit better . ( Laugher , Boos ) No , I did n’t Mr. Trump if he , Mr. Trump , it is true . Ne never had a chance . Now he is doing better . He ’s Mr. Trump probably a 4 or 5 % chance . ( Boos , Applause ) CAVUTO Ne Thank you , Mr. Ne . CRUZ : Neil —    TRUMP : The fact his , there is a big overhang . There is a big question mark on your head . Mr. Trump you ca n’t do that to the party . You really ca n’t . You ca n’t do that to the party . You have to have certainty . Even if it was a 1 % chance , and it ’s far the party 1 % because he was n’t born —   you have great constitutional lawyers say you ca n’t it . And you know , I ’m not bringing a suit , I promise , but the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit . And you ca n’t —   and you have to have certainty . You ca n’t have a question . I can agree with you or not . But you ca n’t have a question over your head . CAVUTO : Senator , want to respond ? CRUZ : Listen , I spent my entire life defending the Constitution before the U. S. Supreme Court , and I ’ll tell you I ’m not going to be taking legal advice from Donald Trump . ( Applause ) TRUMP : You do n’t have to . take it from Laurence Tribe . Take it from your professor . take it from your own professor . CRUZ : But I will tell you , the chances of it litigation proceeding and succeeding on it , your professor Now CRUZ Trump —    TRUMP : That ’s wrong . It ’s wrong . CRUZ : But Mr. Trump is very focused Donald Trump tell you who Larry Tribe is .    judicial CRUZ Harvard Law That , Al Gore ’s Donald Trump Bush v. Gore . He Laurence Tribe major Hillary Clinton supporter . There is Laurence Tribe why Hillary supporters are echoing Donald ’s attacks on me . Because Hillary wants to face Donald Trump in the general judicial activist Harvard Law professor, Al Gore’s lawyer in Bush v. Gore . TRUMP : He is not the only one . Not only Hillary Clinton . There are many lawyers . CRUZ : And I Hillary Clinton tell you what , Donald , you very kindly just a moment judicial activist Harvard Law professor, Al Gore’s lawyer in Bush v. Gore offered me the VP slot . I ’ll tell you what . If this all works out I ’m happy to consider naming you Donald VP , and so if you happen to be right , you could get the top job at end of the day . ( Applause ) TRUMP : No . I think — VP I think if it does n’t —   I like thatt , I would consider it , but I think I will TRUMP buildings if it does n’t work out . CRUZ : Actually , I ’d love you to build a wall . TRUMP : I have it feeling it ’s going to work out , actually . ( Rush it ) 
 