Some of Hillary Clinton ’s top celebrity supporters are pulling out all the stops in one final attempt to change the results of Tuesday night ’s presidential election , adding top celebrity supporters names to and promoting a petition calling for electors in the Electoral College to go against state voters’ wishes to make the Democratic candidate president . [ Celebrities including Lady Gaga , Pink , Amanda Seyfried , Sia , Jeffrey Wright and Laverne Cox have circulated a Change . org petition drawn up in the days following Donald Trump ’s historic presidential election victory .   The petition , written by one Elijah Berg from North Carolina , had already gathered more than 3 million signatures as of Friday evening . " Donald Trump’s is unfit to serve . His Donald Trump’s of so many Americans , and his Donald Trump’s , bullying , lying , admitted history of sexual assault , and utter lack of experience make him Donald Trump’s danger to the Republic , " the petition reads . " We are calling on the Electors to ignore their the Electors votes and cast their the Electors for Secretary Clinton . " If you feel scared about the current state of American politics and Whitehouse sign this the petition https :   .    —    # CountryOfKindness ( @ladygaga ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Electoral College Electors : Electoral College Make Hillary Clinton President on December 19   —    Sign th   …      https :   .   via @Change ,   —    P ! nk ( @Pink ) November 11 , 2016 ,   Nearly 3 M have signed . Sign it , at the very least , to send a message that the fight against Trump did not end Nov 8 . https :   .    —    Jeffrey Wright ( @jfreewright ) November 11 , 2016 ,   Electoral College Electors : Electoral College Make Hillary Clinton President on December 19   —    Sign th   …      https :   .   via @Change ,   —    Amanda Seyfried ( @AmandaSeyfried ) November 11 , 2016 ,   Electoral College : Make Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton President Sign HERE : https :   .     —    Team Sia ,   —    sia ( @Sia ) November 11 , 2016 ,   Electoral College Electors : Electoral College Make Hillary Clinton President Hillary Clinton 19 https :   .   via @Change ,   —    Rosie Perez ( @rosieperezbklyn ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Trump won a decisive victory in the Electoral College Tuesday night and Electoral College 306 electoral votes to Clinton ’s 232 . However , the Electoral College does not officially cast its Electoral College until December 19 , giving optimistic Electoral College and Clinton supporters hope December 19 members could go against the wishes Clinton their state Electoral College voters and instead switch their votes to Clinton its members Some of the celebrities circulating the its members have been Clinton in their opposition to Trump ’s election to the presidency . In Some of the celebrities circulating the petition tweet Friday , Wright , the star of HBO ’s Westworld , urged his supporters not to compromise and instead to " fight . Wright, the star of HBO’s Westworld Never . Never acquiesce to this Presidency or his misogynist racist illogical policy prescriptions or to his indecency . Wright, the star of HBO’s Westworld compromise . Fight . https :   Wright, the star of HBO’s Westworld    —    Jeffrey Wright ( @jfreewright ) November 11 , 2016 ,   " Never . Never acquiesce to this Presidency or his misogynist racist illogical policy prescriptions or to this Presidency or his misogynist racist illogical policy prescriptions or to his indecency , Lady Gaga hopped on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower to protest the results . The singer had appeared with Clinton at her campaign ’s final rally in North Carolina . Trump ’s election has set off ongoing protests across the country , Lady Gaga occurring in New York City , Lady Gaga Angeles , San Francisco , Chicago , Trump C. among other cities .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum North Carolina : @dznussbaum 
 