Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton called on some of music ’s biggest names for a    concert at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles Monday night , just hours before the polls opened for Tuesday ’s critical California primary . [ Stevie Wonder , Christina Aguilera , John Legend , Ricky Martin and Andra Day performed at the    " She ’s With Us " concert Monday night , with the proceeds from the show going to the Hillary Victory Fund joint fundraising committee .   A bevy of other celebrities   —    including actresses Eva Longoria , Kate Walsh and Mary Steenburgen actor Jamie Foxx singer Cher basketball great Magic Johnson and Scandal showrunner Shonda Rhimes   —    also participated in Monday night ’s event , with many delivering short remarks to the crowd . The Associated Press reported just before the concert began that with the support of superdelegates , Clinton had amassed the required number of delegates to clinch the Democrat presidential nomination . But stars including Legend and Longoria urged the candidate ’s supporters to disregard the AP ’s report and vote in Tuesday ’s election . " No matter what the AP’s says about who won the nomination , we need folks to vote tomorrow in all the races , " Legend said , according to the Daily Mail .   Clinton herself spoke for just six minutes , according to the Boston Herald . " We ’re going to come out of the primary even stronger to take on Donald Trump , " the candidate pledged , her Clinton herself reportedly hoarse after a long day spent campaigning across the southern part of the state . Meanwhile , Clinton Clinton herself surrogates used their time Clinton’s celebrity surrogates the concert to take shots , veiled or otherwise , at presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald Trump When I see Trump talking , presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump just want to blow my brains out , " Cher told the audience , according to Billboard . " Well , maybe not my brains , but I ’m just like , ‘ What are you talking about , Jesus!’ I know that Hillary fights for equality for all people and we are no good unless all of us are equal we " " I ’m a    ’m , " Desperate Housewives star Longoria reportedly said , " but I ’m sure Trump ’m tell you otherwise . " Aguilera performed her hit songs Aguilera Fighter " and " Ai n’t No Other Man , " while Legend and Wonder teamed up for a performance of the latter ’s classic 1972 hit " Superstition . " " This is a fight , it ’s a This fight , " Wonder said , according to the Herald . " We can not allow hatred to be in America ever . This is the United States of all the people , of all cultures and ethnicities . My prayer is that we understand that We do n’t lose ourselves . " We ’s chief Democrat rival , Sen. Bernie Sanders , also held a concert on Monday in San Francisco , with appearances by rocker Dave Matthews , actor Danny Glover and professor Cornel West . Clinton and Sanders Clinton’s chief Democrat rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders a virtual dead heat in California headed into Tuesday ’s vote . Five other states will vote Tuesday in the country ’s Tuesday’s primaries .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 