COLUMBIA , SOUTH CAROLINA —   Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) took to the podium as it appeared that he was going to finish in a virtual tie for 2nd place in the SOUTH CAROLINA Republican Primary , pledging to continue waging a fierce battle for the GOP nomination in the coming days and weeks . [ After the full results came in , Cruz finished in third place to Marco Rubio —   but only by approximately 1 , 100 votes , just . 2 % of primary voters .   Cruz Cruz nothing but praise for Jeb . Bush , after the former Florida Governor dropped out of the race , saying he Bush " honor and dignity to this the race " He Bush the    for second between himself Bush Rubio , saying it caused " the pundits " to panic . " The screaming you hear now from across the Potomac is the Washington cartel , " he Bush , adding they are the Washington cartel in full terror that the Conservative grassroots " have been successful . Cruz held a moment of silence for Justice Antonin Scalia , who he called Cruz " ferocious defender of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights . " " As Ronald Reagan was to the presidency , so to was Justice Scalia to the Supreme Court , " he said Justice Scalia " It is not just one , but two branches of government that are at stake . This election will be a referendum on the Supreme the Supreme Court " I give you my solemn word , that every justice I appoint to the Supreme court , the Supreme Court principles constitutionalist " and " vigorously protect " our rights , he said Justice Scalia   " Tonight , despite millions and millions of dollars of false and nasty attacks , despite the entirety of the political establishment coming against us , South Carolina has given us another remarkable result , " us said Justice Scalia likely in reference to the millions of dollars dumped by the Rubio campaign into the state . " If you South Carolina conservative , this is where you belong , because only one strong conservative is in a position to win this race , " he added Justice Scalia " We are the only campaign that has beaten , and can beat , Donald Trump , " Cruz said . " That is why Donald relentlessly attacks us and ignores other Donald Trump , " he added . " Only one candidate Donald Trump …      has a consistent conservative record , " he said of his qualifications . Other Donald Trump " resort Donald Trump insults " because they " can not defend the substance Other candidates their record , " Cruz said of Other candidates rivals .   Cruz When I Cruz at my young daughters   …      I Know that I will fight with every breath in my body to see that they enjoy the same fundamental liberties that we have been blessed to inherit , " Cruz said . " Its why I Cruz    …      and we will not go quietly into the we and give up on a brighter America . " " Together , we will win the Republican nomination . we will beat the Democrats in November we " he pledged . " And we will the Republican nomination this last best hope we mankind that is the United States of America . " 
 America 