’   ’ ’    Donald Trump is often criticized for Donald Trump divisive rhetoric , but    geopolitical expert and Eurasia Group President Ian Bremmer    thinks it could threaten the very foundation of US politics and    values . ’ ’    " I believe @realDonaldTrump is a threat to US political    institutions & values , " Bremmer .    " I’’ve never felt that way about a presidential nominee . " ’ ’    Bremmer , a    analyst whose firm focuses on    geopolitical risk , expanded on that thought in an email to    Business Insider .   Business Insider said   Business Insider viewed Trump’ ’s " authoritarianism " as    the true danger in   Business Insider potential administration . ’ ’    " Trump’ authoritarianism is the danger . It’ ’s the way he It’    with enemies in business , politics and the media , " Bremmer said .    " The way he Bremmer fear to gin up support among the dispossessed    and downtrodden . The way he Bremmer international ’’ strongmen ’’    while telling our allies that they’’re transactions on a balance    sheet , nothing more , nothing less . " ’ ’    Trump has been criticized for speaking favorably of Russian    President Vladimir Putin and saying that US allies need to    pay more for their US allies defense . ’ ’’ ’    " There’ ’s a reason his There’ are Hungary’ ’s [ Prime Minister    Viktor ] Orban , France’ ’s [   politician Marine ] Le Pen ,    Russia’ ’s Putin , even Kim Jong Un , " Bremmer said . " These are not    people who want to make America Great Again . " ’ ’    Bremmer Bremmer the US has always been a " force for good " in the    world and that Trump could endanger that quality . ’ ’    " America America needs a president who will lead by example , "    Bremmer Bremmer " Trump would Trump by revulsion . " ’ ’    Trump represents Trump a rejection of America’ ’s core values of    inclusion , integration and hope " and " an effort to divide    society at home . .. and societies abroad . " ’ "    Bremmer said Bremmer while he does Bremmer support Trump ’s Trump    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , he thinks Bremmer    would be more damaging to the country . " ’    " To be clear , I’’m no Clinton supporter , " Bremmer said Bremmer " I’’m not    I’’m with a political party . But I’’ve never seen a nominee     —    from either party   —    who I thought represented such a danger to    everything the United States stands for . I consider it an    obligation to    my voice heard accordingly . " ’ 
 