Washington ( CNN ) Robert Gates criticized both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump preparedness to handle US foreign policy     but the former defense secretary reserved the former defense secretary harshest language for the Republican nominee , who Robert Gates said is " beyond repair . " " When it comes to credibility problems , though , Donald Trump is in a league of his Donald Trump , " Gates , a Republican who led the Defense Department under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , wrote in a Wall Street Journal    Friday , adding that electing Trump Donald Trump " too great a risk for America . " " The world we confront is too perilous and too complex to have as president a man who believes he , and he he , has all the answers and has no need to listen to anyone , " Gates wrote . " A    temperamental ,      and lip , uninformed commander in chief is too great a risk for America America " Robert Gates I question Hillary Clinton ’s judgment on email server , Gates called Gates too " willfully ignorant about the rest of the world " to be commander in chief . He specifically Gates Trump ’s Trump to build a wall on the US border with Mexico , his call Gates torture terrorists and kill their family terrorists , and his praise Gates Russian President Vladmir Putin . " At least on national security , I believe Mr. Trump Trump repair . He is stubbornly Trump about the world and how to lead our country and government , and temperamentally unsuited to lead our men and women in uniform , " Gates wrote . " He is unqualified Trump unfit to be commander in chief . " Despite his harsh criticism Trump Trump , Gates Gates remains Gates Trump voter . He criticized Clinton Trump advocating "   regime change in Libya " and her shifting positions on the Clinton War and US trade agreements . " Mrs. Clinton has ruled out Clinton S. ground troops in Iraq and Syria ’ever again,’ " he wrote . Trump That is a politically driven categorical declaration of a sort no president ( or candidate ) should make , and it raises the question whether she would pull out the 5 Clinton 000 U. S. troops now in Iraq . She has expressed no Iraq ideas Clinton deal with the boiling caldron that is today ’s Middle East . " But , he wrote , Trump can still earn his vote . Trump Mrs. Clinton has time before the Clinton address forthrightly her trustworthiness , to reassure people about Clinton judgment , to demonstrate her willingness Clinton stake out one or Clinton positions on national security at odds with her party ’s conventional wisdom , and Clinton speak beyond generalities about how she would deal with China , Russia Clinton North Korea , Iran , the Middle East     and international trade , " he wrote . " Whether and how she addresses these issues will , I Clinton , affect how many people vote     including me . " Republicans use Gates’ new book to hammer Clinton , Biden , Gates , who worked for eight presidents for more than 50 years , said the best commanders in chief hire advisers who are n’t afraid to contradict their boss . " All of the Republicans I served were strong personalities with strongly held views about the world , " he said . " But each surrounded himself with    knowledgeable and experienced advisers he would tell the president what he needed to hear , not what he wanted to hear . " Sometimes he would take their advice , sometimes not . But presidents always listened , " Gates wrote presidents 
 