Hillary Clinton leaned into Hillary Clinton plans to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans on Wednesday , denouncing Donald J. Trump ’s tax proposals as a boondoggle for billionaires . " We ’re going to tax the wealthy who have made all of the income gains in the last 15 years , " Hillary Clinton told a crowd in Cleveland . " The superwealthy , corporations , Wall Street , " she Hillary Clinton emphatically , " they The superwealthy, corporations, Wall Street going to have to invest in education , in skills training , in infrastructure . " For months , Mrs. Hillary Clinton attacked Mr. Trump ’s economic agenda in broad terms , portraying him as Hillary Clinton follower of the " trickle down " orthodoxy of previous Republican administrations . But Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s of his tax plans Mr. Trump’s week in Detroit allowed her to Hillary Clinton to criticize them more specifically release of his tax plans last week in Detroit Just as President Obama attacked his 2012 rival President Obama Mitt Romney , for paying a lower effective tax rate than the vast majority of Americans , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump ’s plan would benefit people in his own income bracket Mr. Trump’s declaring that he " would pay Mr. Trump’s lower rate than    families " if it were put into effect . Mr. Trump has recommended Mr. Trump’s top marginal income tax rate to 33 percent from the current 39 . 6 percent , and broadening deductions for things like child care . Mr. Trump , conversely , Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton as a     Democrat who supports policies that have caused 15 years of virtually stagnant wages . " For an economy desperate for a jump start , Clinton ’s plan will only act Mrs. Clinton a straitjacket , " his campaign said on Wednesday . Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s spending plans , Mrs. Clinton $ 250 billion investment in infrastructure and a $ 350 billion plan to make college more affordable , rely largely on changes to the tax code that would raise rates on the affluent and corporations . She supports the " Buffett rule , Mrs. Clinton which would require millionaires to pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes , and wants millionaires close the carried interest loophole that lets hedge fund managers pay a lesser tax rate on much of their income . She has also proposed hedge fund managers " exit Mrs. Clinton " on corporations that move jobs overseas , and wants to limit tax deductions , impose a 4 percent tax surcharge for income over $ 5 million , and close corporate tax loopholes to help pay for her costly domestic agenda . After touring Mrs. Clinton job training program at John Marshall High School in Cleveland , Mrs. Clinton described how her plan would Mrs. Clinton in Ohio , Mrs. Clinton critical swing state where she holds a    edge over Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton according to an NBC    Street    poll . Referring to a report by Moody ’s Analytics , she said her plan would create 376 , Mrs. Clinton jobs her plan , while Mr. Trump ’s plans would cost Ohio state more than 123 , 000 jobs . " I know that too many families right here in Ohio are feeling too much financial stress , worrying Ohio how they ’re going to make ends meet , " too many families right here in Ohio said . Mrs. Clinton , who is Mrs. Clinton mocked for the attention she pays to granular policy details , has Mrs. Clinton particular aim at Mr. Trump ’s proposal to cut taxes on what Mr. Trump    entities : businesses that do not pay corporate income taxes , but whose owners are taxed on individual profits . Calling this provision " the Trump loophole , " Mrs. Clinton asserted on Wednesday that it would allow Mr. Trump and business owners like him to this provision "the Trump loophole less than half the current tax rate on Trump from their own companies . Even some Republicans who support Mr. Trump business owners promise to slash the tax rate on corporate Trump 15 percent , from the current 35 percent , have criticized the    provision . " While reducing corporate income rates is generally good , the    exemption is a bad policy , " said Kyle E. Pomerleau , the director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation , a conservative think tank . He explained that the provision would " create a lot of behavioral Kyle E. Pomerleau, the director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation, a conservative think tank " for the   provision restructure how they earn income " in order to get a more favorable rate . people Polling suggests that Mrs. Clinton ’s focus on tax issues could resonate with voters , because most Americans agree with the thrust of her ideas . Almost    64 percent , of Americans said they were Mrs. Clinton a lot by the feeling that some corporations are not Americans what is fair in federal taxes , and 61 percent said the same about some wealthy people , according to a 2015 poll from the Pew Research Center . While the weeds of tax policy can be a difficult sell to voters , the broader issue of income inequality has motivated voters this election year . " The tax system is the poster child for all of that , " said Frank Clemente , the executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness , an advocacy organization . " It ’s through this lens that people really see the system as corrupt and benefiting rich people . " To that end The tax system Clinton tried to sprinkle personal stories around her policy details . " I am proud to be the granddaughter of a Mrs. Clinton worker and the daughter of a    man and standing here before you , " she said , while portraying her rival as part of the top 1 percent Mrs. Clinton terms of wealth . Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump ’s plan to eliminate the estate tax would save his Mrs. Clinton an estimated $ 4 billion , which , by Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump , would pay for publicly funded prekindergarten classes for 890 , 000     and provide a year ’s worth of health care for 360 , 000 veterans . " Donald Trump does n’t need a tax cut , " she said . She Mr. Trump the crowd to quiet down , and then Mrs. Clinton Clinton , Mrs. Clinton tax returns show that she and former President Bill Clinton earned Mrs. Clinton’s gross income of $ 10 Mrs. Clinton 6 million in 2015 , added , " I do n’t need a tax cut . " 
 