Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump was a    at the first White House Correspondents’ Association dinner of President Donald Trump presidency . But that did n’t keep " Daily Show " comedian Hasan Minhaj from addressing " the elephant not in the room . " President Donald Trump was a target for "Daily Show" comedian Hasan Minhaj when President Donald Trump performed at the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Association dinner last year , and Saturday night ’s routine was n’t much different . Mason , said "Daily Show" comedian Hasan Minhaj was n’t chosen to " roast the President in absentia , " but that ’s exactly what the     comedian did . " I was looking for somebody who is funny and who is entertaining     because I want the dinner to be entertaining     but who can also speak to the message that the whole dinner is going to speak to . .. the importance of a free press , " Mason said earlier this month on MSNBC .   Here are 10 of "Daily Show" comedian Hasan Minhaj ’s most memorable lines from the dinner : On being a minority in America the dinner That ’s why you got ta be on your ’A’ game , " "Daily Show" comedian Hasan Minhaj told the press . " You got ta be twice as good . You ca n’t make any mistakes , because when one of you messes up he blames your entire group . . .. And now you know what it feels like to be a minority . " On the First Amendment : " This event is about celebrating the First Amendment and free speech . Free speech is the foundation of an open and liberal free speech college campuses to the White House . Only in America can a first generation Indian American Muslim kid get on this stage and make fun of the President . " On CNN : " Don , every time I watch your show , I feel like I ’m watching a reality TV show . ’CNN Tonight’ should just be called ’Wait a second ! Now hold on ! Stop yelling at each!’ with Don Lemon . " On Vladimir Putin : " We have to address the elephant not in the room . The leader of our country is not here . But that Vladimir Putin Moscow . " On Trump ’s frequent golfing outings : " Every Vladimir Putin Trump goes golfing , the headline should read , ’Trump golfing . Apocalypse delayed . Trump the W.’ " On Kellyanne Conway and ’alternative facts’ : " Even if you guys groan , I ’ve already hired Kellyanne Conway . She ’s gon na go on TV Monday and tell everyone I Kellyanne Conway really does Kellyanne Conway matter . " On the Trump administration : " The news coming ’killed.’ of the White House is so stressful , I ’ve been watching ’House of Cards’ just to relax . " On Frederick Douglass : " Frederick Douglass is n’t here , and that ’s because . He ’s dead . Someone Frederick Douglass the President ! " On Afghanistan : " Historically , Frederick Douglass president usually performs at the correspondents’ dinner , but I think I speak for all of the President I say he ’s done far too much bombing this month . " On headlining the WHCA dinner : " the President would say it is an honor to do this , but that would be an alternative fact . It is not . No one one wanted to do this so of course it falls in the hands of an immigrant . That ’s how it always goes down . " this this 