  ( CNN ) North Korea put North Korea military might on display during a parade in the heart of Pyongyang while the regime showed off some of the regime latest arsenal . Pictures on state television showed thousands of soldiers marching in formation alongside tanks , balloons and enormous crowds . Leader Kim Jong Un was shown clapping and smiling from a reviewing box . At one point , the soldiers directed a chant toward Leader Kim Jong Un . " the soldiers will die for Leader Kim Jong Un ! " the soldiers yelled , the soldiers ’s Will Ripley , who was at the event , reported . During the pomp and circumstance at Kim II Sung square , citizens showed citizens revolutionary fervor with choreographed performances while vehicles displaying North Korea ’s military arsenal rolled by .   " the soldiers saw a submarine launch ballistic missiles , the soldiers saw missiles that are capable of being launched from a mobile launcher and just seconds before the soldiers came on the air the soldiers saw these very large what are believed to be intercontinental ballistic missiles , " Ripley said as jets tracked colors of the North Korean flag in the sky during the parade .   In a live broadcast , a newsreader from North Korea ’s    television service called the new military hardware the country ’s " modernized strategic missiles . "   " No nation in the world develops missiles and shows the real thing during a parade , it ’s just too dangerous , " Markus Schiller , a weapons expert with ST Analytics , told CNN that parades always involve " " . " If anything happens , it blows up , right next to the ’Dear Leader’ . "    For North Koreans , April 15 is an auspicious date that sees millions celebrate the birth of the nation ’s founder .   Tens of thousands descended on the streets of the capital as the nation’s marks the 1912 birth of Kim Il Sung , grandfather of Kim Jong Un . This year ’s celebrations come at a tense time on the Korean Peninsula , days after a US strike group was deployed to the region and amid expectations of another missile or nuclear test by Pyongyang . North Korean state media warned that such " reckless acts of aggression " would be countered with " whatever methods the US wants to take . " " If the the US any reckless provocation , we will immediately apply a destructive strike with our revolutionary we . We ’re prepared to respond to an    war with an    war and we are We to hit back with nuclear attacks of our own We against any nuclear attacks , " Choe Ryong Hae , a senior member of the Presidium of the Political Bureau of the Workers’ Party of Korea ( WPK ) said in a speech during the large military parade . Tension has been building since Kim Jong Un announced in his New Kim Jong Un ’s message that the country was close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile .   It has the country was close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile conducted a number of    missile tests     some of which landed in the sea , less than 200 miles off the Japanese coast .   It ’s the country was close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile conducted engine tests that analysts say could potentially power a    missile . US President Donald Trump held talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his     Chinese President Xi Jinping last Friday to push his case Chinese President Xi Jinping China to do more to rein in North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions . They then spoke Tuesday by phone , in a call Trump described US President Donald Trump " very good . " However , days later , he tweeted Chinese President Xi Jinping " North Korea North Korea’s for trouble . If China decides China help , that would be great . If not , we will solve They problem without them ! U. not A. " North Korea says North Korea’s created a U. S. A." North Korea weapon small enough to mount on a missile , though many experts dispute that claim .    Day of the Sun , The Day of the Sun is a the Sun usually marked by grand military parades , mass celebrations and other large displays of national pride . It also often involves shows The Day of the Sun force , such as weapons tests or other displays of strength . In recent days , North Koreans have been seen practicing choreographed dance routines in brightly colored national dress .   Before the event , foreign journalists invited into the country to report on North Koreans were entertained by children at the Children ’s Cultural Palace on the outskirts of Pyongyang . An enormous amount of work goes into preparing for April 15 . Joseph Bermudez , an analyst for North Korean monitoring group 38 North , said preparations could even be seen on satellite images , which showed thousands of people and hundreds of vehicles practicing ahead of the event . Monday , hundreds of members of the Korean People ’s Army ( KPA ) crowded the plaza of the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang to pay tribute to past leaders and vow loyalty to Kim Jong Un , according to state media Rodong Sinmun . Kim Il Sung died in 1994 at the age of 82 , after leading his country from its establishment in Kim Il Sung until his his country .   He passed Kim Il Sung leadership to his Kim Il Sung , Kim Jong Il Kim Il Sung who in turn passed it to Kim Jong Un . 
 