President Barack Obama bitterly denounced presumptive nominee Donald Trump for President Barack Obama repeated challenges to President Barack Obama presidency for not taking the threat of radical Islamic terrorism seriously . [ President Barack Obama appeared to have reached the breaking point , after repeated taunts from presumptive nominee Donald Trump reminding President Barack Obama followers that President Barack Obama refused to use the term " radical Islamic terrorism . "   " There ’s no magic to the phrase ‘ radical Islam,’ " President Barack Obama said heatedly . " It ’s a political talking point . It ’s not a strategy . " President Barack Obama argued that President Barack Obama understood the threat posed by extremists , whom President Barack Obama asserted " perverted Islam " to justify terrorism . " Calling a threat by a different name does not make a threat go away , " President Barack Obama said . " This is a political distraction . " President Barack Obama described some of the attacks as " yapping " and denounced " politicians who Tweet and appear on cable news shows . President Barack Obama defended President Barack Obama decision not to use the phrase , insisting that it was not a result of political correctness but argued that it was not a result of political correctness would help legitimize the enemy . President Barack Obama implied that using the phrase would do " the terrorists’ work for them " by suggesting that the fight was a war between the Islam religion and the United States and the Western world . " So someone seriously thinks that we do n’t know who we ’re fighting ? " Obama asked mockingly . Obama cited some of the names of terrorists that had been killed during Obama administration , assuring the country that ISIS was on " defense . " " If there ’s anyone out there who thinks we ’re confused about who we enemies are , that would come as a surprise to the thousands of terrorists who we ’ve taken off the battlefield , " Obama boasted . Obama asserted , however , that radicalized Muslim terrorists were not " religious warriors " but " thugs . " 
 