Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s Cohen has hired a lawyer to represent President Donald Trump in the investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , Cohen told CNN on Friday . Cohen , who serves as President Donald Trump personal attorney , hired Stephen Ryan , a partner at the    law firm McDermott , Will and Emery , to handle inquiries related to the investigations into Russian meddling in the election . Russian of the the 2016 election two weeks after Cohen was subpoenaed by the House intelligence committee as part of the committee ’s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election Russian Cohen told CNN the 2016 election that he is Cohen committed to complying with the subpoena Cohen " He has also agreed to testify before the committee Cohen 5 . He declined to say the committee’s is fielding additional Cohen inquiries , directing all Cohen on the matter to his attorney . Ryan did not immediately respond to Cohen request for comment . Cohen served as executive vice president and special counsel at the Trump Organization during Trump ’s presidential campaign and did not hold a formal title in the campaign . But he was a prominent TV surrogate for Trump during the Ryan and led the National Diversity Coalition the Trump Organization support the campaign . Cohen has repeatedly pushed back on allegations that he the National Diversity Coalition Cohen in any coordination with Russian officials during Cohen 2016 campaign . Ryan , Cohen ’s    attorney , the campaign of government Cohen , Will and Emery . Cohen is just the latest Trump adviser to hire an attorney in Cohen with the widening probe into Russian election meddling and allegations of collusion between Trump campaign associates and Russia . Vice Russian Mike Pence has also retained a lawyer to respond to inquiries related to the investigations , which include an inquiry led by special counsel Robert Mueller and investigations by the House and Senate intelligence committees . Former Trump campaign aide Michael Caputo has also hired Dennis Vacco , a former New York Trump campaign general and US attorney , to represent him in the matters , a source familiar with the situation said . The source Former Trump campaign aide Michael Caputo the FBI has contacted Caputo in connection with its investigation into Russian a source familiar with the situation the 2016 election . 
 Former Trump campaign aide Michael Caputo the FBI 