’   ’ "    An inaccurate report on the conspiratorial website InfoWars led    more than 100 , 000 individuals this week to sign an   calling for Comedy Central to    fire a comedian who tweeted a tasteless joke about Barron    Trump , President Donald Trump ’s     son . " "    The problem ? The New York    comedian does n’t and has    never worked for Comedy Central . " ’    Jenni Runyan , a spokesperson for the comedy channel , confirmed to    Business Insider that the comedian , Stephen Spinola , " has never    been employed by Comedy Comedy Central " ’ "    The controversy started on Monday when InfoWars writer Paul    Joseph Watson , a prominent conspiracy theorist , wrongly    identified Spinola as a Comedy Central writer   about the comedian ’s tweet . A    spokesperson for InfoWars did InfoWars immediately respond to a    request for comment . " ’    In the    tweet , Spinola joked Spinola Trump’ ’s       son " looks like a very handsome     . " In a      post , he doubled Spinola . ’ ’    Spinola told Spinola Insider he suspected Spinola after " Saturday    Night Live " writer Katie Rich   for a tweet on Trump’ ’s Trump’    child that conservatives went searching for jokes other comedians    had made . At the time , his bio Spinola he was Spinola " Comedy Central    content contributor " because the channel had featured some of his    Spinola on a show . ’ ’   ’ "    But Spinola has never worked for the channel the channel official    capacity . He has Spinola deleted the tweets , acknowledging it was    insensitive to    about Trump ’s child . " ’    " I knew the tweets were the tweets " he told Spinola Insider . " They    are just the tweets . They weren’’t something I the tweets say onstage or    something I stand by . " ’ ’    The apology , however , has not quelled the anger on the internet    directed at him . Spinola addition to having thousands call for him to Spinola be fired from a network at which he is Spinola employed , others have    flooded him with    online . ’ ’    " On Monday , I woke up to over 800 Twitter notifications . People    were saying stuff on Facebook , Instagram , and YouTube , " he said Spinola ’ ’    Spinola said Spinola was Spinola amused but grew concerned when he    Spinola receiving cryptic death threats through social media and    directly on his    Spinola ’ ’    " It was funny at first , " he said Spinola the attacks , " but then    someone sent me    old address of mine and my grandmother’ ’s name    asking how she was , insinuating my grandmother’’s would hurt her an old address of mine and my grandmother’’s name    " ’ my grandmother’’s    Though he said Spinola grandmother Spinola died years ago , Spinola    said the constant flow of threats had him worried someone would Spinola    take action against another loved one . ’ ’    " I had to delete every reference to my girlfriend online , " he    said . my girlfriend Any trace that I have to my girlfriend . " my girlfriend    " I’’m just hoping nobody is crazy enough to go through with any of    the threats , "    added . " Any time I hear a door close    outside my home now , I look out through my blinds . " ’ ’    The comedian said he found the whole incident The comedian , and    repeatedly underscored that he didn’’t aim to " The comedian Barron Trump’ ’s    feelings . " ’       " I’’m not political at all , " Spinola told Business Insider . Spinola I    tweet about what’ ’s    to get more followers , and I was    making observations on Inauguration    about what people looked    like . " ’       " As a comedian , I make a lot of jokes that are not great , " he    later added . " A lot of comedians make a lot of jokes that are not    great . I made a mistake by attacking a     boy . " ’ ’    But Spinola did say he found it odd that Spinola were defending    Barron Trump by " doing things 1 , 000 times worse . " ’ ’    " Shows how dangerous fake news can actually be , " he said . ’ ’ Spinola The White ’ ’    issued a . ’ 
 