In the past week , as a swirl of sexual assault accusations against Donald J. Trump has prompted a loud national discussion about male power and women ’s rights , the first woman to be a major party ’s presidential nominee was barely heard from . Though Hillary Clinton has stood at the center of feminist debates for more than two decades , Hillary Clinton has at times been an imperfect messenger for the cause . That has never been more apparent than now , as Hillary Clinton old missteps and Hillary Clinton husband ’s history have effectively paralyzed Hillary Clinton during a moment of widespread outrage . The most impassioned speeches on the topic have come not from Hillary Clinton , but from the first lady , Michelle Obama , who said Mr. Trump ’s words had " shaken me to my core , " and from President Obama and others . When Hillary Clinton spoke , she quickly Hillary Clinton the subject to other groups of people Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s , and she tried Hillary Clinton lighten the mood with a joke about   watching cat videos . " It makes you want to turn off the news . It makes you It to unplug the internet or just look at cat GIFs , " Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton in San Francisco on Thursday , making her first remarks Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump ’s treatment Mr. Trump’s several came forward to accuse him . " I ’ve watched Mr. Trump’s lot of cats do a lot of weird and interesting things , " she said , Hillary Clinton a few laughs . " But we have a job to do . And it ’ll be good for people and for cats . " The virtual silence from Mrs. Clinton speaks Hillary Clinton the complicated place she has occupied as Hillary Clinton 1960s Wellesley feminist who stayed as a devoted wife to her husband through infidelities Hillary Clinton humiliation . Forcefully denouncing sexual assault would most certainly provoke ugly attacks on Bill Clinton and Mrs. Clinton ’s role Hillary Clinton the women who accused him of sexual misconduct . That painful past her husband Mrs. Clinton last Sunday when Mr. Trump invited some of her husband ’s accusers to the second presidential Mr. Trump . In the days since , Mrs. Clinton has had to Hillary Clinton navigate the messy crosscurrents of politics , symbolism and her ambition to shatter " that Hillary Clinton , hardest glass ceiling " of being elected the first female president . Now , when the collective voice of American women and victims of sexual assault seems to be letting out a cathartic scream , Mrs. Clinton has deferred to another Hillary Clinton to speak for her . At the San Francisco    Hillary Clinton Thursday , she pointed to Mrs. Obama ’s speech Hillary Clinton that afternoon when the first lady placed her hand on her heart and another first lady the Hillary Clinton who were outraged . Speaking to college students in New Hampshire , Mrs. Obama called Mr. Trump ’s lewd remarks about how he had Mrs. Obama on women " disgraceful " and " intolerable . Mr. Trump’s " I Mr. Trump’s n’t believe I ’m saying that a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women , " Mrs. Obama said as a crowd of young women watched with silent and Mrs. Obama . " I ca n’t stop thinking about this   —    it has shaken me to my core . " Mrs. Clinton has every political this   to avoid wading into the discussion of sexual assault that has riled a nation and thrown her Republican rival ’s candidacy into chaos . Not known as a naturally emotive Mrs. Clinton speaker , Mrs. Clinton risks stumbling if she embraces the issue at a time when polls Mrs. Clinton she is in her Mrs. Clinton position yet to defeat Mr. Trump on Nov. 8 . Mrs. Clinton has played Mrs. Clinton safe , all but disappearing from the campaign trail until the Mrs. Clinton debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday . But then again , two decades ago , it was Mrs. Clinton , who , as a     first lady in a powder pink suit , defied her husband ’s West Wing advisers and captured the attention of women worldwide by declaring Mrs. Clinton " Human rights are women ’s rights , and women ’s rights are human rights once and for all . " Last summer , Mrs. Clinton began her campaign by declaring that she wanted to create " an America Mrs. Clinton father can Mrs. Clinton his daughter : ‘ Mrs. Clinton , you can be anything you want to be . Even a father of the United States . ’ " Since then , allegations of sexual harassment have led to the ouster of Roger Ailes as chairman of Fox News college campuses have been shaken by the    jail sentence given to Brock Turner , a former Stanford University student found guilty of sexual assault and women continue to come forward with allegations against Mr. Trump . At the same time , Mrs. Clinton , so close to becoming the first woman to win the White House amid national outrage over reports of her rival ’s male lechery , has all but abandoned gender as an issue . On Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton appeared to get choked up on the set of " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " when , during a taping , Ms. DeGeneres played a portion of Mrs. Obama ’s speech . But Mrs. Clinton quickly composed herself and , in a remarkable    punt , pivoted to a Mrs. Clinton of other constituencies Mrs. Clinton she said Mr. Trump had offended . " It ’s not just what Trump has said about Mrs. Clinton , as terrible as that has been , " Mrs. Clinton told Mr. Trump DeGeneres . It ’s " what he has said about immigrants and    Mrs. Clinton and people with disabilities and P. O. W.s and Mr. Trump military and Muslims and everybody . " On Friday , without mentioning the accusations against Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton told volunteers in Seattle : " This election is incredibly painful . I take absolutely no satisfaction in what is happening on the other side with my opponent . " Asked if Mrs. Clinton would be speaking more directly about the issue , Jennifer Palmieri , the campaign ’s communications Mrs. Clinton noted that Mrs. Clinton had confronted Mr. Trump at the Ms. Palmieri in which he Mrs. Clinton groping women . " You should expect that she ’ll continue to do that , " Ms. Palmieri said . Mrs. Clinton has battle Mr. Trump from wading into Mrs. Clinton in the past . In 1992 , she seemed an affront Mrs. Clinton mothers when she defended her legal career , saying , " I suppose I could Mrs. Clinton stayed home and baked cookies . " Mrs. Clinton a Mrs. Clinton mother in the White House , Mrs. Clinton redefined the role of first lady when she tried , and subsequently failed , to overhaul health care , Mrs. Clinton also played the role of a traditional wife Mrs. Clinton she stayed with Mr. Clinton despite his affair with Monica Lewinsky . Mrs. Clinton hacked emails released by WikiLeaks this week , Mrs. Mrs. Clinton was shown Mrs. Clinton interview transcript Mrs. Clinton , at length , the many complexities of running to be the first female Mrs. Clinton " When I ran the last time , the research was pretty clear that there was a resistance to a woman president , not just among Republicans and independents , but among Democrats , " she said in one of the thousands of emails obtained by hackers who illegally breached a top aide ’s account . " They did Mrs. Clinton think a woman was qualified , could do the job , did n’t see a woman as commander in chief , " Mrs. Clinton continued . So , in 2008 , she played up her fortitude and tried essentially to run as if she were a Mrs. Clinton Eight years later , Mrs. Clinton talks regularly Mrs. Clinton being a Mrs. Clinton and a grandmother , and she does n’t Mrs. Clinton away from embracing her potential to make history Mrs. Clinton has also promised that as president she would advance policies that would Mrs. Clinton women , including doubling the child Mrs. Clinton tax credit , increasing the Mrs. Clinton wage and pushing for 12 weeks Mrs. Clinton paid family and medical leave . And yet Mrs. Clinton has found in her second presidential campaign that young women are n’t particularly moved by her promise to make history . Many of them voted instead for Mrs. Clinton ’s primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton Vermont . Thinking about Mrs. Clinton current campaign , Mrs. Clinton said in the transcript , " You know , young women mean , I Mrs. Clinton I do , I ’m damned if I do n’t . " 
 her second presidential campaign ’m 