CHARLOTTE , North Carolina —   With larger battleground states like Florida and Ohio trending against Hillary’s , Hillary’s ’s campaign is zeroing in on this traditionally red state to block Trump from reaching 270 electoral votes and the White House . [ Mitt Romney narrowly won North Carolina ’s fifteen electoral votes in 2012 after President Obama won this traditionally red state in 2008 . If Hillary’s campaign can deny Trump a victory Trump the Tar Heel state , his path to Mitt Romney electoral majority narrows significantly .   Struggling with multiple scandals and the FBI ’s decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary ’s handling of classified information , the Clinton Hillary’s campaign to Clinton their final stand in Hillary’s campaign state where they need to outperform Hillary’s campaign Obama reeks of desperation . As the Trump campaign expands Hillary’s campaign states like Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , which until recently were considered safe Clinton victories , President Obama , Vice Clinton Biden , former President Bill Clinton , VP nominee Tim Kaine , comedian Will Ferrell , HBO ’s Lena Dunham , rapper NE YO , and Hillary herself are making separate campaign appearances here in the final days before the November 8th election . Hillary struggles to piece together the Obama Hillary , The Clinton campaign ’s tactics and messaging here show they are worried about the lack of The Clinton campaign’s tactics and messaging here with major voting blocs in the winning Obama coalition . Early voting shows turnout Obama North Carolina ’s black voters lagging behind Obama in 2012 and polling shows her Obama support with millennials . The campaign is turning to surrogates without Hillary ’s baggage to turn out these critical voting blocs . A radio ad airing on one of Charlotte ’s     radio stations , 92 . 7 The Block , barely mentions Hillary and instead focuses on President Obama Hillary " My legacy is Obama ballot , " Obama roars in the ad . " Tolerance Obama on the ballot . Democracy is on the ballot the ballot is on the ballot . the ballot are on the ballot . the ballot absent among the things Obama lists the ballot on the ballot is Obama person whose name actually appears on the ballot the ballot Clinton . Other radio and video ads released by the ballot campaign and their allies attempt to focus the attention away from Clinton and Hillary Clinton Obama . Obama will also stump for Hillary Obama an Obama Hillary Clinton at millennials at the University of North Carolina at Hillary Clinton Hill on Wednesday . Over the Halloween weekend , the Clinton campaign deployed Lena Dunham and Will Ferrell to colleges across the state to Hillary Clinton millennials , many of whom are angry over collusion between the Democrat Party , DNC , and Clinton campaign to rig the Democrat presidential primary against Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders . Hillary Clinton slides in polls despite spending advantage , Clinton has held a small lead Hillary Clinton North Carolina polling , but two polls Hillary Clinton after the FBI reopened the criminal investigation into her emails show Trump surging into the lead . A SurveyUSA poll conducted over Hillary Clinton weekend shows Trump opening up a small lead in North Carolina polling lead ,   % . The Clinton campaign has spent Trump 5 . 5 million in the state , while the Trump campaign has spent less than $ 2 million , according to OpenSecrets . The Clinton campaign schedule with NC events in final day , Vice President Joe Biden Clinton campaign The Clinton campaign and rapper NE YO will hold a free " Get Out The Vote " concert in Raleigh Tuesday evening . President Obama will campaign in Chapel Hill on Wednesday . Hillary is scheduled to make a campaign stop in the state on Thursday , although the campaign has not released details . President Obama will hold separate campaign events in Fayetteville and Charlotte on November 4th . Trump adds two President Obama in NC on Thursday , The Trump campaign announced today that Trump will hold rallies in Concord and Selma North Carolina on Thursday , the campaign Trump political reporter for Breitbart Trump , a community liaison for Gun Owners of Thursday , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 Dustin Stockton 