’’ ’Chance the Rapper is the most talented rapper of the Rapper generation and a pioneer in the music industry . the Rapper latest album , " Coloring Book , " released in May , is one of the the year’ ’s    albums . .’ " This year , the Grammys made    albums   for the first time . Chance , whose real name is Chancellor Bennett , made history again as   including one for Best Rap Album . It ’s Best Rap Album to be nominated in any category . " " Miraculously , Chance has done all of this without a label supporting him . He ’s turned him record deals from numerous labels , and depends on     and   for distribution . " ’Meet the most successful    musician of our era:’ " He formally kicked him his career with him It got him some attention him Chicago ’s hip hop scene , and Chance spent another eight months tinkering with the rest of the album . " ’ ’ ’The album was released in 2012   and got Chance a cult following.’ ’It’ ’s called " 10 Day " because .’ ’.’ ’"Acid Rap " got on a bunch of     lists . The most popular song on the album on Soundcloud ,   features Childish Gambino.’ ’ was a hit , and   is .’ ’’ ’ ’ ’In 2015 , Chance joined a band called Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment , a collective of    musicians , for a quirky album called " Surf . " ’ ’The music was a stylistic departure for Chance . His Chance performance was still rap , but it’ ’s not really a rap album . The whole thing takes a jazzy and explicitly Christian tone . The highlight is a track called . " Chance    the music video.’ ’Chance   " Sunday Candy "   and " Paradise " from " Surf " on " Saturday Night Live " on December 15 , 2015 . He was the first unsigned artist to do so.’ ’In 2014 , Chance worked on five songs for Kanye West’ ’s 2016 album " The Life of Pablo . " ’ ’He provided guest vocals for    " I met Kanye West , I’’m never going to    said let’    do a good ass job with Chance    hear you    ta sell it to snatch      ’ ’s make it so free    the bars so    there ain’’t    gosh darn part you can’’t tweet . " ’ ’ ’ ’The two performed " Ultralight Beam " together.’ ’ is about how much Chance wants to keep record labels far , far away from his music . The album is widely considered to be one of the best of the year.’ ’’ ’It hit # 8 in its peak position the year.’ ’’ ’It .’ ’In the middle of a backstage interview with MTV , Chance was interrupted by Beyoncé sneaking up behind him . He , quite him , .’ ’Given the success of " Coloring Book , " the Grammys   to allow    titles to be nominated.’ ’CBS unveiled its   on    6 , and Chance is up Chance seven of them.’ ’"Coloring Book " is nominated in the Best Rap Album category , up against albums from Drake , DJ Khaled , De La Soul , ScHoolboy Q , and his mentor Kanye Chance ’He’ ’s also nominated for Best New Artist , for Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song with   and for performing on Kanye’ ’s " Ultralight Beam . " ’ " Chance the Rapper is only 23 , and he ’s running the Rapper of barriers to break . " 
 