  ( CNN ) In recent weeks , House Speaker Paul Ryan has learned to deal with Donald Trump .   When Donald Trump went to war with former Miss Universe Alicia Machado , House Speaker Paul Ryan dismissed questions about it .   " I ’m not going to get into the ’who said what’ this morning on a talk show because I did n’t see it , " what’ said immediately after .   When Donald Trump bombed at the first GOP debate , House Speaker Paul Ryan sung what’ praises .   " I think what’ gave a spirited argument , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said .   And when it was revealed that Donald Trump may not have paid 18 years worth of federal income taxes , House Speaker Paul Ryan brushed it off .   " I do n’t think it ’s that harmful , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said .   But in the aftermath of Friday ’s bombshell , a tape revealing Trump ’s lewd and offensive comments about women in 2005 , House Speaker Paul Ryan had enough . Through aides and intermediaries , Donald Trump was told Donald Trump was no longer invited to a Republican event in House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s district known as " Fall Fest " designed to show unity and fire up the    in Wisconsin . The two men never spoke , but the message was sent .   " I am sickened by what I heard today , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said . " Women are to be championed and revered , not objectified . "   For House Speaker Paul Ryan , handling Donald Trump has been a challenge . Donald Trump initially declined to endorse Donald Trump , prompting an uproar . Donald Trump lashed Donald Trump for " racist " comments about a Mexican American judge . And Donald Trump prompted a distracting fight this summer when Donald Trump said Donald Trump would n’t back House Speaker Paul Ryan . ( He later did Donald Trump ) Yet as the speaker of the House , Mitt Romney ’s 2012 running and a potential future presidential candidate , a lot is riding on the line . If he appears to Donald Trump undermining Trump , it Donald Trump cause he appears to be undermining Trump backlash from his party and Donald Trump hurt his own House Donald Trump who the House Trump supporters to Donald Trump out in November . So Ryan has been making the case in recent weeks for a " unified " Republican Washington led by a President Trump . Whether that message changes remains to be seen . The aftermath of Trump ’s stunning Donald Trump leave the GOP in an uncertain territory a month from Election Day . Republicans had hoped that the worst of Trump ’s controversies a President Trump ultimately voters would not punish them for being on the same voters as their controversial nominee .   Not Republicans . Now , party officials tell CNN say they will monitor how bad the party officials will be for Trump     and how he performs a President Trump next two debates a President Trump before abandoning him completely . On Friday , one a President Trump Republican after another condemned Trump , though no one yet has a President Trump their endorsements . GOP officials say that could certainly change , especially if Trump continues his free fall .   a President Trump These a President Trump are repugnant , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said . " As the father of three daughters , I strongly believe that Trump needs to apologize directly to women a President Trump girls everywhere . " Democrats said simply expressing outrage was not enough .   " This is a moment for Republicans , " said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid . " It is time for every Republican elected official in this country to revoke their endorsements of Donald Trump . " Ryan has long said his Trump endorsement is not a " Ryan Donald Trump , " but there ’s no indication yet that he would rescind his backing of Trump Ryan But when Ryan news came Donald Trump Friday evening of Trump making lewd comments about women a Donald Trump ago , Ryan ’s top allies were perplexed . Ryan officials went underground , not answering questions for hours . It took several hours for both McConnell and Ryan to respond , angering senior Republicans Ryan for guidance from their top leaders . What makes the Republicans unnerved is that they need Trump to keep the race the GOP with Hillary Clinton in order to save their seats   . The calculation , according to top Republican officials , is that if Trump craters , it could prompt a wave election and The calculation Democrats control of Congress . " If the ( Republican National Committee ) wants to maintain the shred of credibility they have left , they will immediately the (Republican National Committee) every human and the (Republican National Committee) resource they are wasting on the SS Trump the (Republican National Committee) saving the Senate and the House , " a senior GOP congressional official told CNN . So they ’ve been eager to showcase unity the (Republican National Committee) their controversial nominee , believing that a the (Republican National Committee) at war heading into November will imperil their seats . But now , it the (Republican National Committee) anybody ’s guess what may happen .   " We just got to run our own races , " said one We Republican . 
 