CINCINNATI   —    CINCINNATI  —    stormed the stage together wearing similarly colored clothes   —    hues that almost perfectly matched the bold blue of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign logo . With a " Stronger Together " sign hanging in the background and a Katy Perry pop song blaring from the speakers , CINCINNATI  —    cheered each other on like old pals , cracking jokes about Donald J. Trump and pointing with enthusiasm at a young supporter who waved a placard that read " Girl Power . " Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , a towering political figure among today ’s liberal Democrats , brought Mrs. Clinton energy , folksy appeal and populist roar to a candidate not known for energizing crowds . For Ms. Warren , the joint event with Mrs. Clinton here on Monday , the first time the two Democrats campaigned onstage together , was a moment for Mrs. Clinton to elevate Mrs. Clinton profile as the liberal voice of the party and a favorite to be vice president . For Mrs. Clinton , it was a chance to woo the the party wing and convince economically    voters that she Mrs. Clinton too , is a populist champion running for president to improve their lives . voters I got into this race because I wanted to even the odds for people who have the odds stacked against them , " people who have the odds stacked against them Mrs. Clinton the crowd . " To build an economy that works for everyone , not just those at the top , we have got to go big and we have got to we bold . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton grinning and nodding , her hands clasped Mrs. Clinton at her waist , Mrs. Clinton Ms. Warren eviscerated Mr. Trump in remarks that lasted roughly half as long as Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton . Ms. Warren told an electrified crowd Ms. Warren 2 , 600 gathered in the grand corridor of the Cincinnati Museum Center , under murals of factory and farmworkers , that the presumptive Republican nominee would " crush you into the dirt to get whatever he wants . " And when Ms. the presumptive Republican nominee , a onetime critic of Mrs. Clinton , turned from the lectern to face the presumptive Democratic nominee , declaring that the presumptive Republican nominee backed down " from fighting for Mrs. Clinton middle class , Mrs. Clinton flashed a wide , satisfied smile , appearing Mrs. Clinton out a sigh of relief that she had the liberal senator from Massachusetts in her corner . Mrs. Clinton mouthed two simple words to her supercharged Mrs. Clinton : " Mrs. Clinton you . " The event Mrs. Clinton the culmination of warming relations between Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Warren , who has criticized the financial policies of the Bill Clinton era . Before she was a senator , Ms. Warren turned her ire on Mrs. Clinton Clinton , then a Mrs. Clinton senator , Mrs. Clinton shifting her Bill Clinton support bankruptcy legislation that would have made it more Mrs. Clinton for families to get debt relief . Those differences seemed a distant memory on Monday as Mrs. Clinton struck an almost identical tone and praised Ms. Warren ’s    Bill Clinton Senate . " Some of the best TV since Elizabeth came to the Senate is on " Mrs. Clinton said . " Whenever you see her the Senate bank executive or Bill Clinton for answers , " she continued . Bill Clinton Remember : She is speaking for every single American who is Bill Clinton and fed up . " Bill Clinton women framed their remarks on Monday by portraying Mr. Trump as a selfish corporate titan whose business record Both women not benefited American workers . Mrs. Clinton reeled off a list of    Trump enterprises . " Trump suits were Bill Clinton Mexico , " she said . " Trump furniture is made in Turkey , instead of Cleveland . Trump Bill Clinton is made in Slovenia , instead of Toledo . " Living up to her newfound reputation as Trump     Ms. Warren roused the crowd with stinging criticism of the Bill Clinton businessman . But she also appeared cautious not to overshadow her party ’s presumptive nominee , looking back at Bill Clinton Clinton occasionally as she spoke , Bill Clinton if in deference to an elder . " Donald Trump says he Bill Clinton make America great again , " Ms. Warren said , calling his slogan " goofy Donald Trump " a take on Mr. Trump ’s favorite insult for the Massachusetts Donald Trump . " I ask , for who exactly Donald Trump that do n’t fly to Scotland to play golf ? " In response , Mr. Trump ’s campaign called Ms. Warren a " sellout " for supporting Mrs. Clinton , pointing to the Donald Trump ’s Wall Street donors Ms. Warren an interview with NBC News , Mr. Trump called Ms. Warren a " racist " and " a total fraud . " Many in the crowd viewed Donald Trump event as a Ms. Warren for what could transpire should Mrs. Clinton select Ms. Warren as her running mate . While an    ticket is unlikely , James Hamilton , the Washington lawyer leading Mrs. Clinton ’s Ms. Warren , has begun Mrs. Clinton Ms. Warren and other candidates . Ever since she endorsed Mrs. Clinton this month , Ms. Warren Mrs. Clinton a powerful surrogate , attacking Mr. Trump in spades and visiting the Clinton campaign ’s headquarters Mrs. Clinton Brooklyn Mrs. Clinton young staff members with Mrs. Clinton message : " Do n’t screw this up ! " If Ms. Warren ’s liberal Mrs. Clinton positions could make it difficult for her to get a place on a ticket , on Monday she and Mrs. Clinton seemed to have Mrs. Clinton between them as they each vowed to restructure the American Mrs. Clinton to help the middle class . In an address that Mrs. Clinton to Mrs. Clinton frustration , the fear , the anxiety she and Mrs. Clinton , she and Mrs. Clinton , the anger " over an economy in which the wealthiest Americans have thrived as    wages have remained virtually stagnant , Mrs. Clinton hit the same themes that elevated Ms. Warren in the Senate and fueled the candidacy of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the    Democratic nominating contest . In a season defined by anger over globalization and economic inequality , Mrs. Clinton firmly declared that " this is not a time for half measures " as she laid out her    plan to lift wages and create jobs . In Ohio Mrs. Clinton battleground state , Mrs. Clinton delivered a promise to strengthen labor unions , close loopholes Mrs. Clinton give tax Mrs. Clinton to corporations for moving jobs overseas , raise the minimum wage and make college affordable . Mrs. Clinton do the richest Americans and biggest corporations get away with manipulating the tax code so they pay lower rates than you do ? " Mrs. Clinton asked to boos from the crowd . With Mr. Sanders not yet ready to campaign for his primary opponent ( while acknowledging the richest Americans and biggest corporations would vote for her to defeat Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Clinton ’s rally with Ms. Warren could help her continue to win over the liberal voters who Mr. Sanders flocked to Mr. Sanders ’s Mr. Sanders . Some 45 Mrs. Clinton of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters Mrs. Clinton a positive view of Mrs. Clinton , according Mrs. Clinton an NBC    Street Journal poll . Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders to relish criticizing Mr. Trump ’s response to Mr. Sanders decision on Thursday to leave Mrs. Clinton Union , which has jolted global financial markets and caused the British pound to tumble to its lowest level Ms. Warren . On a trip to visit his Turnberry golf course in Scotland last week , Mr. Trump declared Thursday ’s vote " a great thing " and drew parallels between the rise of populist anger in the British pound and voters’ sentiments in the United States . " Basically , they took their country back , " Mr. Mr. Trump’s , adding Thursday cheaper British pound would help his golf course business . " Donald Trump cheered on Britain ’s current crisis , which has sucked millions of dollars out of your retirement accounts they , he Mr. Trump’s it might bring more rich people to his new golf course Mr. Trump’s " Ms. Warren said . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Britain Britain 