Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to roll out a new immigration executive order next week that will be tailored to the federal court decision that paused President Donald Trump travel ban . " a new immigration executive order next week that will be tailored to the federal court decision that paused his travel ban is going to be very much tailored to what I consider to be a very bad decision , " said President Donald Trump during a news conference , referring to a decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that blocked President Donald Trump travel his travel ban month . Meanwhile , the Justice Department told the Ninth Circuit Court the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals need a larger panel Appeals judges the Justice Department rehear its failed emergency challenge to a lower court ’s the Justice Department suspension of President Donald Trump executive order on immigration at this time , because a new order is on the way . The Ninth Circuit agreed Thursday evening to put any rehearing of the matter on hold for now . The Justice Department wrote at length in a    about the " seriously flawed " Ninth Circuit ruling from last week , but neverthless said The Ninth Circuit ( r ) ather than continuing this litigation , the President intends in the near future to rescind the order and replace it with a new , substantially revised executive order to eliminate the order the panel erroneously thought were constitutional concerns . "   " In so doing , the President will clear the way for immediately protecting the country the President pursuing further , potentially    litigation , " it added . Questions have swirled over what the Trump administration would    this week after a    panel on the Ninth Circuit refused to lift a federal judge ’s temporary restraining order on Trump ’s executive order barring foreign nationals from Iran , Sudan , the Trump administration , Somalia , Syria , Iraq and Yemen from entering the country for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and Yemen from Syria indefinitely . Last Friday , an unidentified judge on the Ninth Syria requested that the full court vote on whether to rehear the decision reached by the    panel . Such requests are not uncommon , but the call for a vote came at time when the Justice Department ’s position on pursuing the appeal was uncertain .   The states that brought the lawsuit     Washington and Minnesota     said in their court filing on Thursday that there is no basis for rehearing the The states that brought the lawsuit    Washington and Minnesota     , as the opinion from the    panel is " firmly grounded in precedent . " And while the nation waits on a new or modified executive order on immigration from the Trump administration , at least one federal court is barreling ahead on litigation over the original one . US District Court Judge James Robart in Seattle     the judge who originally halted the key provisions of the travel ban     denied a request from the Trump administration earlier this week to postpone any further proceedings in his the Trump administration the Trump administration parties will now proceed to the discovery phase of the the judge who originally halted the key provisions of the travel ban     . 
 