  ( CNN ) We ’ve seen a lot so far at this week ’s Republican National Convention , but there ’s also plenty that has been going on off the stage each night .   While television provides us with    views of the speeches , photographer Martin Parr shows us the convention , unconventionally . " Until you get to these things , you never quite know what you ’re going to see , " photographer Martin Parr said before the convention started in Cleveland . " This is not boring , everyday life . This This people with extreme political convictions . " The Magnum photographer , known for humorously capturing the quirks of British life , has never covered anything quite as politically focused . " I come from Britain , where our politics are very different , " photographer Martin Parr said . " Each political party has a conference every year , but it Each political party nothing like this . They Each political party chalk and cheese . They Each political party so entirely different . " What immediately struck Parr once he Parr to Cleveland were the Trump supporters . He Parr they Each political party much older than he Parr ’ve thought and that many in attendance are women . " The enthusiasm with which ( the Republicans ) embrace Donald Trump ’s message is quite remarkable , " Parr Parr . " Some of these people are like teenage rock fans . I keep being reminded of the Beatles in the ’60s and then people like One Direction . It ’s like that . " Parr Parr that the supporters seem to be " obsessive in their the supporters and fervor , doting of Mr. Trump , " and he Parr their the supporters wo n’t stop no matter what anyone may say about the Republican presidential nominee . " No one ’s not going to vote for a Republican or for Trump Mr. Trump they a Republican or for Trump his Parr ’s speech was partly plagiarized , " he Parr . This sort of obsessive nature extends beyond the Trump Mr. Trump , however . The same can be seen in the media covering the convention as well . " The media itself , of course , is part of my subject matter , " Parr said . " They The media itself such an integral part of the scene . And some of them The media itself absolute monsters     so pushy . Decorum breaks down in the media corps . There ’s this     atmosphere because there ’s so many people . They so many people all desperate to get , I suppose , the same thing really . " And it the same thing also evident in the merchandising surrounding the convention . Just look at one of Parr Parr     No . 14 in the gallery above . A man is holding a bottle of hot sauce . Look closer , though . It ’s not just any hot sauce . It It " RNC 2016 Cleveland " hot sauce .   As Parr Parr us , it It as though everywhere we look , there exists an element of obsession to some degree     obsession for the RNC , obsession for reporting on the the RNC obsession for promoting the RNC the RNC Parr that while it ’s " very difficult " for him Parr be enthused for the Republican cause , the people he Parr met are " friendly , very charming and absolutely wonderful people to photograph . " One of Parr Parr moments was when Trump reached the necessary number of delegates to officially become the Republican Party ’s nominee . " That was a completely bonkers moment , where the whole thing erupts , " he said Parr " And this whole thing of Hillary going to prison is hilarious as well . " In fact , Parr describes Parr entire RNC as " bonkers , " filled with moments reminiscent not just of rock concerts , but of Comedy Central . " It ’s so void of any sustenance and reality , but therefore very enjoyable , " he said Parr the convention . " What ’s going to be interesting to see is how the Democrats are different . Whether they ’re obsessive or the Democrats the Republicans are in a tribe of their own . " the Democrats 