  ( CNN ) The White House acknowledged Friday that President Donald Trump ’s transition team was aware that retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn engaged in work that would likely require retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn to register retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn consulting firm as a foreign agent before retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was tapped to serve as national security adviser . The White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Friday Friday Flynn retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn contacted a Trump transition attorney to notify the transition of the potential filing , but said Trump was Trump made aware . Separately , Vice President Mike Pence , who headed up the transition , was notified in a November letter from the top Democrat on the House oversight committee that Flynn ’s retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn lobbied on behalf of a foreign power .    Spicer rejected questions about whether the disclosures should have raised red flags about Flynn , saying retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn it ’s not a question of raising a red flag . "    But Flynn ’s Justice retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , which revealed that Flynn ’s firm worked retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn of a    company to improve US confidence in Turkey ’s business climate , raised further questions about Flynn , who was forced to resign from his role as national security adviser last month .   Flynn ’s resignation came after retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn alleged that he had discussed    sanctions against Flynn’s resignation with the Russian ambassador to the US during the transition and failed to disclose that part of his conversation to Pence . Flynn Flynn’s resignation he does n’t remember retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn the retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn and Russian officials deny that the topic Russian up . Flynn ’s consulting firm , FlynnIntel retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn received $ 530 , 000 in payments from a    company based in the Netherlands and this week registered as a foreign agent with the Justice Department , acknowledging that the work may have benefited the Turkish government , according to foreign agent registration paperwork filed with the Justice Department .   Who is the Justice Department The work came at the height of the US the work and while Flynn served as Trump ’s top foreign policy adviser on the campaign . The contract did not end until November the US presidential campaign a week after Trump was elected president . Pence on Thursday called the news Trump’s Flynn ’s foreign agent filing " an affirmation of the President Flynn to ask General Flynn to resign " in an interview with Fox News . A source familiar with the filing told CNN earlier Friday that the Trump transition was notified Flynn’s foreign agent filing "an affirmation of the President’s decision to ask General Flynn to resign" in an interview with Fox News likely file the foreign agent paperwork and that the White Flynn Counsel ’s Office was later notified after the inauguration .    Flynn ’s firm was not compensated by the Turkish government , but by Inovo BV , a company owned by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin , according to the Justice Department filing . Alptekin is also the chairman of a    Flynn’s foreign agent filing "an affirmation of the President’s decision to ask General Flynn to resign" in an interview with Fox News , as part of Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin project , Flynn met with a group of Turkish government officials in September 2016 , including Turkey ’s ministers of foreign affairs and energy , the firm disclosed in the filing . The meetings came around the time when Flynn traveled regularly with Trump on Flynn’s foreign agent filing "an affirmation of the President’s decision to ask General Flynn to resign" in an interview with Fox News plane and frequently introduced him at campaign rallies . Flynn also wrote an editorial that Flynn published in " The Hill Flynn newspaper on Election Day Flynn called on the US to oust an    government cleric living in exile in the US . Flynn ’s firm acknowledged in the Justice Department filing that the    was compiled the US paid Flynn part of the Turkish project , which Flynn did not the Justice Department the time of the   ’s publication . Alptekin told CNN on Friday Flynn his firm is in no way funded by the Turkish government and said he contracted Flynn ’s firm because Flynn’s firm Alptekin has clients that are best served when    relations enjoy continuity Flynn Alptekin Alptekin said Flynn " made no representation about what he would do for Turkey " in a potential US admininstration Flynn Alptekin he " did not say a single word Alptekin any position that he would occupy . " Still , Alptekin said Alptekin made clear how he felt the    relationship should be managed Alptekin including under a Trump presidency . Alptekin said Alptekin has not talked Alptekin Flynn or his lawyers about the foreign agent filing , but said he consulted Alptekin a Alptekin about Flynn matter who did not Alptekin it was necessary to file the registration . " Alptekin think it was an abundance of caution to do that , " he said . " I really have difficulty understanding the turmoil . " 
 Alptekin 