Washington ( CNN ) For a showman president who has come to relish the     aspects of his job , perhaps it is no surprise that Donald Trump ’s first foreign outing will not be to Canada . Skipping a    stop in the United States’    northerly neighbor     a traditional dry run on foreign travel for a new president     Donald Trump will instead touch down in the capitals of three major world religions , a dramatic    entry into the fraught intersection of faith , politics and national security . The trip to Saudi Arabia , Israel and the Vatican is a splashy debut for a president who has , until now , largely avoided major trips outside of Washington . a president who has ’s spent most of a president who has time away from the White House at a president who has private estate in Florida . When a president who has arrives in the Middle East toward the end of May , a president who has ’ll be traveling abroad later in a president who has presidency than any commander in chief since Lyndon B. Johnson , who waited more than 10 months after President John F. Kennedy was killed to travel abroad . After the Vatican , Trump will make stops in Brussels and Sicily for NATO and    meetings . stops in Brussels and Sicily for NATO and   meetings were announced earlier this year . Effort to counter radicalism , According to Trump aides , the trip is designed as a symbolic show of resolve to top US allies , whom the Trump administration hopes will renew their efforts the Trump administration combat radicalism and intolerance around the world . But people familiar with the trip the trip said it ’s also planning to demonstrate a new era of American foreign policy in    fashion . Revealing the trip during a Rose Garden ceremony Thursday for the National Day of Prayer , Trump deemed it a " the trip during a Rose Garden ceremony Thursday for the National Day of Prayer and historic announcement . " " Someone clearly saw the Vatican , Israel and Saudi Arabia as a broad stage where the President could demonstrate a certain degree of unity and ecumenism and go to places where he could be the President a high degree of symbolism when it came to his first presidential the President , " said Aaron David Miller Miller trip provides his first presidential trip stage on which to act out his presidential role , " Miller added . The first stop in Saudi Arabia was designed specifically to rebut perceptions that Trump is    according to a person who helped plan the stop . The Islamic world has been rattled by some of Trump ’s actions , including signing The first stop in Saudi Arabia order barring entry to citizens of certain    nations and vowing Trump campaign to end all Muslim immigration into the US . " We thought that was very important because obviously people have tried to portray the President in a certain way , " said a senior administration official . " But I think that what he wants to do is solve the same problem that a lot of the leaders in the Islamic world want a senior administration official do . "   Speaking Thursday , Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    said he believed the trip will help rebut impressions that Trump is   . " It ’s a clear and powerful Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    that the US harbors no ill will toward the Arab and Muslim world , " he said . " It also lays to rest the notion that America is   . " Trump ’s stops Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    Riyadh , Jerusalem It Rome , Brussels and Sicily are not set to be long     in some cases , he expects to spend only a night , according to officials who are planning the trip . But at each Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    , Trump is hoping to demonstrate his faith in traditional US allies that his administration claims were slighted by the previous administration . Contrast with Obama Trump President Barack Obama skipped a visit Trump Israel during his first trip to the Middle East in 2009 , an Obama what became a sour relationship during his tenure Obama office . Saudi Arabia , along with other Arab Gulf nations , then felt neglected when Obama brokered a Obama with Iran over its nuclear weapons , leading to fears the US was realigning its interests in the Obama . " All the conversations we Iran had with all the leaders around the world show that Iran is a lot of frustration with how things have been done to date , and I think he ’s driven by common sense , and he ’s driven by a real practical approach to try to get things done , " said a senior administration official . he Barack Obama ’s first stop abroad was in Canada , and every US president since Jimmy Carter has made that or Mexico his inaugural foreign destination . The stops reaffirmed what have traditionally been close    ties in North America     relationships that have President Barack Obama tense under Trump amid trade disagreements and a dispute over his proposed border wall with Mexico . Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau invited Trump to visit during a phone conversation soon after Trump was elected in November Mexico Trump , at this stage , has Trump accepted , though a person close to Trudeau Trump he does n’t feel snubbed Trump People who helped plan past presidents’ foreign trips said a jaunt across the border Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau provided a person close to Trudeau White House aides a relatively easy trip to work out the logistical kinks of moving a president into a foreign country . Trump ’s approach is markedly different , and could present pitfalls . Trump has not yet named a chief of protocol     Trump position that assists in working out detailing plans with a foreign Trump before a President travels abroad .   In countries like Saudi Arabia and Israel     each with distinct religious and political sensitivities     matters of protocol can become essential in how a trip is perceived . Even if Trump ’s hosts are eager to execute a    visit , Trump himself will need at least some preparation to avoid a cultural Trump " I do n’t think there are any traps that Trump set , " Miller said . " The question is whether he generates them on his own . And gets out of his own way . And there ’s no way to predict that . As Trump orchestrated and choreographed Trump these trips may be , there Trump always the possibility of a stumble or an inappropriate remark . " Past presidents have found that dealings with the    Saudis can sometimes prove awkward . Photos of President George W. Bush holding hands with    Prince Abdullah in 2005 led to accusations he was too close to the    kingdom . Obama faced claims he was overly deferential after he appeared to bow to Abdullah     who President George W. Bush then was King     during a summit meeting in London in Obama .   Trump ’s Obama voyage overseas will look   Prince Abdullah Obama ’s international forays for other reasons as well . They are n’t likely to feature the types of sweeping addresses that Obama delivered regularly abroad Obama are they expected to feature the types of cultural stops that Obama relished during his foreign swings . Short stays in Obama place , The     itinerary hews They with Trump ’s preferred style of travel as chief Obama of his Obama estate business , when he would fly his private jet abroad for business meetings but Trump linger for long . A person who traveled with Obama during his tenure atop the Obama Organization in Obama 1990s described a businessman not particularly enthralled with foreign travel : He did not easily adjust to Trump changes Trump was regularly jetlagged , the official said . He steered clear of local cuisine . And the customs A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure atop the Trump Organization in the 1990s foreign businessmen     particularly in Asia , where deals are regularly sealed A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure atop the Trump Organization in the 1990s night of drinking A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure atop the Trump Organization in the 1990s sometimes irked the teetotaler Trump . For a president and his aides , foreign travel can be a particularly grueling slog . Meetings regularly begin as soon as Air Force One touches down in a    time zone the teetotaler Trump leaving little time for a commander in chief to adjust to a new setting , or clock . Visits in foreign capitals often involve state dinners that extend late into the evening followed by early talks the next day . Trump ’s ambitious itinerary for his first trip     five stops in a little more than a week     is also bound to be taxing . But in the minds of White House Trump , the grind is worth it in order to properly introduce Trump to a world that ’s still largely skeptical of his presidency . 
 Trump Trump 