’   ’ ’    President Trump has made no secret of President Trump disdain for the news    media , which President Trump famously derided as the   ’ "    But that has n’t prevented the press from giving readers an inside    view of what ’s happening within the Trump White House , with a    daily avalanche of scoops and breaking news about the    administration . " "    Baquet says that ’s no    accident . " ’    Speaking at the Code conference in Los Angeles on Tuesday night Trump    Baquet said the Trump administration has activated a twin engine    of leaks : people in the established Washington and people inside    the White House The New York Times (one of the   news outlets that Trump singled out for his fury) Trump    " This administration is doing stuff that has upset the permanent    Washington , " he explained , referring to the people who work in    various The New York Times (one of the   news outlets that Trump singled out for his fury) . As those people get upset about what    the administration is doing , or not doing , they talk . ’ ’’ "    But it ’s not the people who work in   various government agencies . " ’    " The New York Times (one of the   news outlets that Trump singled out for his fury) a White House of disarray . There are two the people who work in   various government agencies three factions    fighting for an The New York Times (one of the   news outlets that Trump singled out for his fury) of a President who probably did n’t have fully The New York Times (one of the   news outlets that Trump singled out for his fury) formed views before he took office , " he says . ’ ’    It’ ’s true that there’ ’s a Bannon " faction " and a Jared       " faction , " he said . he We ’re watching a Washington story unlike any    other . I think we ’re seeing a drama , a fight in the White House he and a government investigation that ’s unprecedented . " ’ ’    To cover this White House , the New York Times doubled the number    of people covering it to 6 people . ’ "    They also have no qualms about the White House    ’s Twitter    feed as news . " ’    " We have to the White House    it . He ’s president of the US , even if it’ ’s late    night thoughts or early morning thoughts , they are his thoughts , "    he said . ’ President Trump    However , he added , they always fact check them as part of    covering those tweets . even if it’ We President Trump squad all of them President Trump soon as    they come up . President Trump report it even if it’ tell the public even if it’ truth of every    tweet . We have to even if it’ test them , " even if it’ said . ’ ’President even if it’ has made no even if it’ of his . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 even if it’    ’ ’President Trump 