New York magazine ’s Gabriel Sherman offers a     account of Donald Trump ’s campaign team on election night , including the concession phone call the    received from Hillary Clinton . [ From New York magazine :   Shortly after 3 p. m. on November 8 , Donald Donald Trump’s into the war room on the 14th floor of Trump Tower and received rousing cheers from his staff Donald Trump’s While virtually the entire media Establishment was predicting Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton track to win the election , Trump ’s Donald Trump’s " nervous but optimistic , " in the words of one adviser , that their man would pull Trump’s team a historic victory . According to the adviser , Florida one adviser Scott had assured Team Trump that Donald Trump’s would " squeak it out " in the Sunshine the campaign . " This election is about winning the election , " Rudy Giuliani told me . " If you win Florida , the rest will fall into place . " And it did . Shortly before 11 p. m. the Associated Press called Florida for Trump and the trajectory Donald Trump’s Florida race fundamentally tilted in Trump ’s direction . Donald Trump’s to Euphoria , " Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway texted me shortly after the state fell to Trump . " Our Florida to protect our core four : Iowa , Florida , North Our , and Ohio , " Florida later said . " When we protected the core four and saw the numbers Our Wisconsin our core four: Iowa, Florida, North Carolina, and Ohio thought we could win . " Despite Trumpworld Our confidence Our the numbers , the candidate himself was anxious . Trump watched the returns from his Trump Tower penthouse . " He was humble to Trump very end , " Conway Trump . " He kept saying , ‘ We did n’t get it Trump yet.’ Even when Our New York Times had us projected at a 50 percent chance of winning Our and then 70 percent , and then 90 percent , he said , ‘ It ’s not done yet . Trump "    … the New York Times Trump ’s advisers arrived at the Hilton and waited for Fox News to call the election . Around 2:30 a. m. Conway ’s cell phone rang . It was Huma Abedin calling on behalf of her boss , Hillary Clinton . She was ready to Huma Abedin . " Hi , Kellyanne Huma Abedin it ’s Huma . Is Mr. Trump available ? " Abedin said , according to Trump Conway passed the phone Huma Abedin Conway recalled Trump ’s Conway’s of Conway’s conversation : " He Conway’s , Trump You ’re a smart , tough lady Huma Abedin you ran a great campaign . Thank you for calling . I respect you . " Conway said they spoke for about a minute . Read the Conway’s here . 
 