New York ( CNN ) In an election cycle full of surprises     and unprecedented dissatisfaction with the major party candidates     voters got a look at a couple of fresh faces Wednesday night in a town hall event live on CNN . Johnson , used the opportunity to introduce himself to voters and slam the existing Washington order . " The his system is a    dinosaur , and they ’re about to come in contact with the comet here , " Johnson told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo . Weld , a former Massachusetts Republican governor who once worked in President Ronald Reagan ’s Justice Department and wanted to serve as an ambassador in the Clinton administration , said " that duopoly down there in Washington is not getting a lot done . "   " It ’s almost like the parties exist more for the purpose of slandering each other than they do for having constructive approaches to legislation , " Weld said the parties " We like to think we ’re going to be the third way . " Despite their We for the current state of 2016 politics , the libertarians showed positive indifference to the political battles being waged on the campaign trail . When it came to Hillary Clinton attacking Donald Trump ’s business record or Trump calling Clinton corrupt , Johnson said he would " leave that to others Hillary Clinton " " I do Johnson think either of us are going to engage in any sort of " Johnson said . " We ’re going to keep this to the Johnson , and the issues are plenty . " The two had cordial words for the issues President Barack Obama , but were quick to voice their Hillary Clinton with Trump . " Starting with immigration , starting with free Clinton and President Barack Obama , going on and on and on , killing the families of Muslim terrorists . Really , it ’s what ’s coming out of his mouth that I really have issues with , " said Johnson , a former    governor of New Mexico , of Trump . READ : What is Libertarianism ? Weld , who regularly condemns Trump , cast his rhetoric as dangerous . " You can not be Trump president of Weld United States and talk like that , " Weld said . Johnson     who often speaks in broad strokes about his Weld     was forced to confront voters’ specific questions and dive into Weld range of issues during the town hall that spanned more than an hour . Guns , Johnson has been a staunch advocate of Second Amendment rights , but said Johnson     was open for a " discussion " around solutions to incidences of Johnson     violence . Johnson told Jeanette McCoy , a survivor of the Orlando shooting : " Johnson     ’re not looking to roll back anything " on existing gun regulations , adding that he would look into law enforcement solutions . " The FBI came in Johnson     with this guy ( the Orlando shooter ) three times . What transpired ? Why was n’t this guy deprived of his guns ? " Johnson asked . Weld called for " a    this guy (the Orlando shooter) task force treating Johnson     as a gigantic organized crime family . The FBI Abortion , Johnson and Weld also both affirmed their abortion rights positions . Johnson said Johnson     " alienate Weld lot Abortion, Johnson and Weld people Abortion, Johnson and Weld when they attack Johnson     Parenthood , a women ’s health organization that provides abortion procedures Abortion, Johnson and Weld " We ’re not looking to change the law of the land in anyway , " Johnson said . READ : What to watch at the Libertarian town hall Johnson     Immigration , They both had harsh words for Trump on immigration , leveling some of their strongest language against the Republican presumptive nominee . Johnson , a former border immigration , called Trump ’s calls for the deportation of all undocumented immigrants and the erection of a border wall " incendiary , " and bordering on " insanity . " Weld compared Trump ’s rise and appeal to the Nazis , repeating a claim he ’s Trump made . " The Republican presumptive nominee has succeeded in tapping Weld the very worst political traditions the Republican presumptive nominee and other countries , " Weld said . He added that images of the Holocaust , including " Anne Frank hiding in Weld attic " Weld " directly analogous " to Trump ’s deportation policy . Substance abuse , Maureen Morella , an undecided voter , brought up the struggle her family had with her son ’s heroin overdose and took issue with Johnson ’s laissez faire Anne Frank to drug policy Anne Frank Johnson pushed back on her concerns , saying government regulations had harmed drug addicts more than his Johnson would . " Anne Frank really is what your son succumbed to , " Johnson said Johnson a somewhat awkward response to her personal question her son’s advocated a series of harm Johnson programs , including needle exchanges and Anne Frank zones . In response Johnson Morella said : " You ’re keeping people addicted . " " We have the best policies in this country to kill heroin addicts , " Johnson said , pushing for another way forward on drugs . Taxes , Johnson , who has often Johnson the Libertarian refrain that " taxation is theft , " advocated for radical reform of the U. S. tax code . " Count on me to sign on tax policy that would reduce or simplify taxes in this country , " Johnson said . " But If I could wave a magic wand , I this country income tax Johnson I would eliminate corporate tax , I would abolish the IRS and I would replace it all with one federal consumption tax . " The presidential candidate advocated a conservative plan known as Fair Tax , but pressed for specifics , said he would support any such reform so long as it was " revenue neutral . "   Adding to The presidential candidate    message , he said a total simplification of the U. S. tax code would mean that " The presidential candidate % of Washington The presidential candidate would go away . Because that ’s why they ’re there , to garner special tax favor . " Weld said : " I do n’t think you have to go so far as abolishing the IRS , " as long as they could give people the sense that tax rates would go down . Seeking momentum , Johnson ran as they Libertarian in 2012 and failed to gain much traction . This time around , he ’s running with Weld , which may help add credibility , attention and fundraising prowess to a perennial Johnson White House effort . Already , Johnson has shown his candidacy could have potency given voter disappointment in Trump and Clinton . A    poll Johnson Tuesday showed Johnson earning 9 % support nationwide and likely Green Party nominee Jill Stein pulling 7 % support among registered Johnson . Among those voters who say they are not settled on a candidate in the    race , more than    choose Johnson ( 23 % ) or Stein ( 12 % ) when asked the    match up . Ahead Johnson the town hall event , the Libertarian duo got a boost from former Republican Rep. Ron Paul of Texas . The Libertarian icon told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer that although he had n’t decided who he would vote for , it would n’t be Trump or Clinton .   The Libertarian icon I think people who The Libertarian icon they want significant change , they want to protect individual liberty , are concerned about the Constitution , they should think seriously about voting they a Libertarian principle , " Paul said . Successful performances at events they CNN ’s town hall are crucial as Johnson hopes to bolster The Libertarian icon support high enough to get a spot on the general election debate stage     15 % in five Johnson selected by the Commission on Presidential Debates . And the continued discord inside the major parties could help Johnson and Weld deliver Libertarians their biggest victory ever .    The Libertarian Party has also pledged to get Johnson access in all 50 Libertarians plus the District of Columbia . If it is successful , the    ticket will be the only one alongside the Democratic and Republican tickets in front of every voter come Election Day . 
 