  ( CNN ) Andrew Jackson may be giving way to Harriet Tubman on the face of the $ 20 bill , but President Donald Trump is on the ascent in the modern White House . On Andrew Jackson fifth day in office , President Donald Trump elevated a portrait of his distant predecessor to President Donald Trump place in the Oval Office . On Wednesday , Trump flew south to President Donald Trump , Tennessee , where he visited the Hermitage President Donald Trump Jackson ’s home , and placed a wreath at his tomb . " President Donald Trump was during the revolution that Jackson first confronted and Jackson an arrogant elite     does that sound familiar to you ? " Trump said to cheers President Donald Trump " I wonder why they keep talking about Trump and Jackson , President Donald Trump Trump Jackson " His Jackson destination President Donald Trump at an President Donald Trump . After brief remarks , Trump rolled over to the Music President Donald Trump ’s Municipal Auditorium for a rally with supporters . It ’s an appropriate venue if President Donald Trump for its proximity to Jackson , the President Donald Trump president elected Jackson a populist platform , and one known to have enjoyed the close company of his most spirited backers .   President Donald Trump ’s chief strategist and senior President Donald Trump Steve Bannon , has endorsed and promoted the comparison . In a    interview with The Hollywood Reporter , the former Breitbart boss compared his new patron to Old Hickory . Breitbart Like ( Andrew ) Jackson ’s populism , we ’re going to build an entirely new political movement , " he said . " It ’s everything (Andrew) Jackson to jobs . The conservatives are going to go crazy . " Mostly though , the conservatives have fallen in line . The conservatives toward them as he hammered out his Cabinet . The conservatives the Trump over health Trump reform has exposed familiar fissures in the Republican Party . The President is navigating them carefully     for now , at least The conservatives   The Jackson analogies are not entirely off base , but they have their limits . Unlike Trump , The Jackson analogies was The Jackson analogies born into wealth . And Jackson he made his fortune in due time , The President also The President government checks as a military The President and during multiple stints in Congress . When Jackson failed in his first run at the Jackson , in Jackson , he said the game had been rigged against Jackson     and the facts agreed . Indeed Jackson he won the popular vote . But none Jackson the four candidates that year won an electoral college majority , so the contest went to the House of Representatives and the speaker , Henry Clay , traded his considerable influence for a place as John Jackson Adams’ secretary of state .    Of course , to say that Trump differs from Jackson should , in many cases , be a welcome observation . Jackson , both before and during his presidency Jackson had been brutal with the Jackson American population , then ruthless in driving them from their ancestral homes . A few the Native American population after the Native American population the Indian Removal Act in 1830 , he addressed his former colleagues .   " Jackson gives Jackson pleasure , " he said , " to announce to Congress Jackson the benevolent policy of the government , steadily pursued for nearly 30 years , in relation to the removal of the Indians beyond the white settlements is approaching to a happy consummation . " As he spoke those words , the Trail of Jackson was nearly a decade off , and by 1840 , Native communities would , largely by Jackson ’s policies , be almost entirely wiped out of the American Southeast . It is for that , and his support of slavery , that Jackson ultimately Jackson his place on the twenty Jackson During the Jackson , Trump called the decision , made by President Barack Obama ’s Treasury Department , " pure political correctness . "   But the candidate had kind words for Tubman , too . She was , Trump said , " fantastic the candidate " 
 Trump 