Even as Donald J. Trump trounced Donald J. Trump from New Hampshire to Florida to Arizona , Senator Ted Cruz could reassure Senator Ted Cruz with one crucial advantage : Senator Ted Cruz was beating Donald J. Trump in the obscure , internecine delegate fights that could end up deciding the Republican nomination for president . " This is how elections are won in America , " Mr. Senator Ted Cruz after walking away with the most delegates in Wyoming last month . Now , as he faces Senator Ted Cruz potentially    contest on Tuesday in Indiana   —    where a new NBC    Street    poll , released Sunday morning , showed him trailing Senator Ted Cruz Trump by 15 percentage points   —    Mr. Cruz can take little solace from his vaunted Senator Ted Cruz operation even if he prevails Senator Ted Cruz . It turns out that delegates   —    like ordinary voters   —    are susceptible to shifts in public opinion . And as the gravitational pull of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump primary landslides draws more Republicans toward him , Mr. Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump the party ’s 2 , 472 convention delegates is softening , threatening his hopes of preventing Mr. Trump Trump ’s nomination Mr. Trump him in a floor fight . With each delegate Mr. Trump claims , he Mr. Trump to the 1 Mr. Trump 237 he needs to clinch the nomination Mr. Trump , and Mr. ’s nomination by overtaking him in a floor fight chances of stopping him   —    even with an Mr. Cruz victory in Indiana   —    shrink . Before Mr. Trump ’s crushing victory in Mr. Trump week , Mr. Cruz ’s campaign boasted that it had Mr. Cruz to acquiring as many as Mr. Cruz’s campaign of the state ’s 54 unbound delegates   —    who are free to vote as they please on the first ballot , making them potentially 54 unbound delegates   players in a contested convention . Mr. 54 unbound delegates   won only three . In North Dakota , Mr. Cruz Cruz campaign declared victory after the state Republican convention on April 3 and declared that it had won " a vast majority " of the state the state Republican convention on April 3 28 unbound delegates , Mr. Cruz ’s support appears to be weakening . In interviews Mr. Cruz he really had only about a dozen firm commitments to begin with , Mr. Cruz some of them appear to be wavering as he falls farther behind Mr. Trump . only about a dozen in states across the South Mr. Cruz which was supposed to be Mr. Cruz ’s bulwark , some delegates are now echoing a growing sentiment Mr. Cruz Party : a sense of resignation to the idea that Mr. Trump will be their   . " Honestly , we did n’t think he Mr. Trump this far . some delegates he did , " Jonathan Barnett , the Republican Mr. Trump committeeman for Arkansas , said of Mr. Trump Trump . Mr. Barnett , who supported former Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s failed campaign , Mr. Trump focus had Jonathan Barnett, the Republican national committeeman for Arkansas in behind Mr. Trump Trump . The changes of heart have little to do with any epiphany about Mr. Trump Mr. Trump or his campaign ’s recent efforts to cast him in a more serious light Mr. Trump , delegates and party Mr. Trump said , they are ready to Mr. Trump on and unite behind someone so that Republicans are not hopelessly divided heading into the general election . And many delegates cite concerns about whether delegates and party officials Cruz is really a better choice . " There ’s just as many people that would question whether they could get behind Cruz , " Mr. Barnett said . This gradual acquiescence points up a larger flaw with Mr. Cruz ’s strategy of being the last    candidate standing in a field that began at 17 : It was never as much about him as about Republicans grasping Mr. Cruz more palatable alternative to Mr. Trump . But the " never " in the " Never Trump " movement is beginning to look more Mr. Barnett a " reluctantly . " " I ’m not in the     campaign , " said Jim Poolman , a delegate from North Dakota . " I ’m in the     campaign . " Mr. Poolman said he still planned to vote for Mr. Cruz on the Mr. Poolman he would do ’m But the    campaign decision was not set in stone . " I ’m trying to hold on Mr. Poolman my commitment but still be pragmatic , " he said . " There Mr. Poolman a lot of Mr. Poolman that could happen before Mr. Poolman . Mr. Poolman ’m know that makes me sound squishy , but I do n’t mean it that way . " Delegates like Mr. Poolman are Mr. Poolman of the Cruz campaign ’s larger problems holding on to votes at a contested convention . Mr. Poolman initially favored Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , who withdrew from the race in March . While Mr. Poolman was looking for another candidate , he said , local Cruz volunteers asked if they could add his name Mr. Poolman list of delegate candidates supporting Mr. Cruz at the state convention . He said Mr. Cruz ’s wife Mr. Poolman , called him and gave him her Mr. Poolman number , saying Cruz would always have local Cruz volunteers a direct Mr. Poolman to the campaign . " And he was Cruz delegate . But now , Mr. Poolman Poolman said Cruz about party disunity and what it could Cruz for Republicans Cruz November . " My goal Cruz personally , " he said , " is to not let our convention Cruz a circus . " The chairman of the Cruz Republican Party , Cruz Armstrong , said Mr. Cruz ’s appeal remained strong there , but put his support among the state ’s 28 unbound Cruz at " at least 10 "   —    not quite the " vast majority " the Cruz campaign had claimed . Mr. Armstrong , who has not taken sides , said delegates also had to consider Mr. Cruz denying the nomination to Mr. Trump might look to his supporters . " We ca n’t have a bunch of people really , really upset about the process and then think we ’re going to be able to gain their support in November , " he said . The results in Pennsylvania were most troubling Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz . He had dominated the delegate fights in Colorado and Wyoming , contests that were influenced by the kinds We party activists Mr. Cruz tends to attract a bunch of people Yet Mr. Trump appeared to Mr. Trump at least 40 of Pennsylvania ’s 54 unbound delegates . " There ’s Mr. Cruz going to be a second ballot , " said Ash Khare , who was elected last Tuesday as an unbound Mr. Cruz . Mr. Khare declined to support any candidate before the election , though Mr. Pennsylvania , Mr. Trump and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio all came calling , he said . " I was Mr. Khare Mr. Khare said , adding that he only ever intended to vote for the candidate who won in his district . That would be Mr. Trump . Mr. Khare said he was not especially drawn to anything about Mr. Trump Mr. Khare his ideas . " Whether he will succeed or not , I do n’t know , " he Mr. Khare But he said he could Mr. Khare deny the will of so many voters . " There is Mr. Khare revolution going on here , " he added Mr. Khare may be Mr. Khare to share Mr. Trump ’s reasoning that he would deserve Mr. Khare nomination even if he Mr. Khare short of 1 , 237 delegates . A recent NBC    Mr. Khare Journal poll found Mr. Khare more Mr. Khare six in 10 Republicans believe the nominee should be the candidate with the most votes even if he does not Mr. Khare the support of the majority of delegates . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Khare is moving to nail down the Mr. Khare commitments he would need to get a majority . With the Indiana primary potentially a     moment for stopping Mr. Trump , Mr. Cruz can only hope the campaign once again takes an unexpected turn . " the nominee is very popular in our state , " said Alec L. Poitevint II the nominee Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter , but the nominee uncommitted . He will be a bound delegate on the first ballot , but he has not yet been assigned to a presidential candidate . Mr. Trump’s campaign he is required to vote for Mr. Trump , who won Georgia with 39 percent of the vote ? " Fine with me , " he said . 
 Alec L. Poitevint II, a longtime Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter Alec L. Poitevint II, a longtime Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter Alec L. Poitevint II, a longtime Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter Alec L. Poitevint II, a longtime Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter Georgia 