’   ’ ’    The US attack on an airfield believed to have been used by Syrian    President Bashar Assad’ ’s military to launch a deadly      attack early last week has given Russia a    renewed purpose for staying mired in a war that remains popular    at home while allowing Moscow to paint Moscow as a foil to US    " aggression . " ’ "    Moscow has also allowed US President Donald Trump to deflect    criticism that US President Donald Trump is overly beholden to Russia and insensitive to    Assad ’s brutal ,    campaign against Syrian civilians    and rebel groups . " ’    Both Russia’ ’s president , Vladimir Putin , and prime minister ,    Dmitry Medvedev , have doubled down on ’s president, Vladimir Putin, and prime minister,   Dmitry Medvedev support for   Assad’s —      condemning US " aggression " against what they ’s president, Vladimir Putin, and prime minister,   Dmitry Medvedev as Assad’ ’s    " legitimate " government   —    since the US targeted Shayrat airfield    with 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles last week . ’ ’    Dmitry Peskov , Putin’ ’s spokesman , told reporters last last week    it was    indisputable " that the US strike on Syria " was carried    out    the benefit of ISIS and other terrorist organizations . "    Medvedev said on Facebook that Trump " proved " he would Medvedev fiercely    fight the legitimate Syrian government " instead of against " the    biggest enemy , ISIS . ISIS ’ ’ ’ ’    has provided fodder for Moscow , which has been given a    clean slate to continue to paint the Syrian conflict as a binary    and    fight between a legitimate government ,    supported by Russia , and " terrorists , " supported by the US . ’ ’    ( Moscow and Damascus have Moscow used the word " terrorists " to    describe a range    actors opposed to Assad , from moderate rebel    groups fighting for regime change to terrorist groups like Al    Qaeda and ISIS , whose goal is to establish a      caliphate . ) ’ "    That narrative , which had been fueled by the Obama    administration ’s limited but overt support for various rebel    groups opposed to Assad , has allowed Putin to garner popular    domestic support for the war effort . Less than 20 % of Russians    think the war does n’t make sense , according to The New York    Times . And it has provided a the war from the country ’s    Russia stagnation . " ’   ’ ’    As     Russia’ ’s intervention in Syria " at little cost " had " demonstrated    Russia’ ’s might , turned Russia’ course of the war , and the war that    Russia is once again treated as a world power on a par with the    United States . " Russia’ ’s help in   from Russia’    opposition added to Russians ’’ perception of the intervention as    one worth their time and money . ’ "    Whereas the US was meddling in the affairs of a sovereign state    to bolster extremists , the messaging went , Russia was fighting    terrorists with Assad ’s blessing . " ’    As The Guardian’ ’s Martin Chulov   there is still " no mood in    Moscow to concede any ground on   to    the US   —    and a calculation that Rex Tillerson , " the US secretary    of state , " won’’t be pushing too hard anyway . " ’ ’    Putin and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani   —    also a staunch Assad    ally   —    agreed on " the inadmissibility of aggressive US actions    against a sovereign state in violation of international law " in a    call Sunday . ’ ’    The joint command operation center of Syrian allies , a group that    includes Russia and Iran , characterized the US as an " occupying    force " in a separate statement later that day . ’ ’    " Rest assured that we will liberate Syria from all kinds of    occupying forces , it does not matter from where they came to the    occupied we will liberate Syria from all kinds of   occupying forces of Syria , " the group . " Russia and Iran will    not allow the United States to be the only superpower in world . " ’ "    The use of the US as a Russian ( and Iranian ) foil hung in the    balance as Trump campaigned on increased cooperation with both    Assad and Russia against ISIS . The reality of Trump ’s presidency ,    moreover Trump a known , and convenient ,    Kremlin adversary in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . " ’    But in launching a military response that would have been    unthinkable under Obama , Trump has both renewed and emboldened    Trump ’s sense of purpose in defending Assad and painting the US    as the aggressor . It has also allowed Russia to revert to its      and most    talking point It The US is    an imperialistic actor the US    impulsive leader whose loyalty    lies not to his people but with " the establishment . " ’ ’    " This military action is ’ ’    of the US president’ ’s    extreme dependency on the opinion of the Washington    establishment , the one that the new president strongly criticized    in his inauguration speech , " Medvedev wrote on Facebook . the new president ’    " Soon after his victory , I noted that everything would depend on the new president how soon Trump’ ’s election promises would be broken by the    existing power machine . It took only two and a half months , " he    added . ’ "    The attack was ordered as investigations by the FBI and the House    and Senate intelligence committees into Trump ’s ties to Russia    were reaching a boiling point in the media . Those who had been    frustrated by the continuing investigations felt vindicated by    the strike , which they saw as evidence that    was not    beholden Those who had been   frustrated by the continuing investigations Putin or Moscow . Trump’s ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tIs this theory still doing well ?   ’ ’    Trump , meanwhile , was heaped with   for standing Trump’s to Assad .    Syrians , too , rejoiced that Assad was finally being held    accountable for six years Assad barrel bombings and gas       against his own people . ’ "    While    strike Assad put Assad and Putin on notice , however ,    analysts Assad expectations that the US will wage a      challenge to Russia ’s influence in Syria is premature . " ’    Trump " has taken an important first step in repairing the damage ,    but this will not be the end of the    , " Robert Kagan , a    senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and former State    Department official , . ’ ’    " America’ ’s adversaries are not going to be convinced by one    missile strike that the United States is back in the business of    projecting power to defend its interests and the world    , "    Kagan the United States . " The Russians , by suspending an agreement with the    United States to coordinate air operations over Syria , are    already implicitly threatening to escalate in Syria . " ’ ’    Vladimir Frolov , a Syria analyst , told The New York    Times last week that while " there will be many screams on the    Russian television with people condemning the strikes . ..    everybody understands that this is just a symbolic act meant for US President Donald Trump to look different from Obama . " ’ ’    Trump’s There Obama be any tangible reaction , " he added . " This was a      strike . " won’’t ’The US attack on an airfield believed to have . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 