  ( CNN ) Donald Trump suggested Wednesday that Donald Trump statement late last week that President Barack Obama was born in the US was motivated by politics , not by a genuine change of heart . Answering questions about the issue for the first time since Donald Trump sudden change , Donald Trump said Donald Trump abandoned Donald Trump    " birther " views on Friday because Donald Trump " just wanted to get on with " Donald Trump campaign . " Well , I just wanted to get on with     you know , we wanted to get on with his campaign . And a lot of people were asking me the questions , " Donald Trump said in an interview with local Columbus , Ohio station WSYX , when asked what had changed Donald Trump position . " And we we to talk about jobs . We we to talk about the military . We we to talk about ISIS and how to get rid of ISIS ISIS " The Republican presidential nominee questioned whether Obama had been born in the US     which he The Republican presidential nominee     for years , including for years after Obama Obama his Obama birth certificate in 2011 . In the two weeks before he The Republican presidential nominee that Obama Obama was born in the United States , " Trump was asked on four separate occasions about his Trump views and whether he Trump by them four separate occasions about his birther views and declined to disavow those his birther views time , saying simply that he Trump n’t " talk about that anymore . " A spokesman for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign said Trump Trump    held position undermined the country ’s first    president . " He only A spokesman for Hillary Clinton his    A spokesman for Hillary Clinton statement last week to try to change the subject     and it did the subject     work , " said Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton Jesse Ferguson . Trump Trump also asked in the interview Wednesday about his Trump of Trump Trump funds     which come largely from outside donors     to resolve personal legal matters .   Asked about the practice , which The Washington Post reported on Tuesday , Trump Trump simply that the foundation the Trump Foundation money to vets and it ’s really been doing a good job . " " And I think we put that to sleep just by putting out the last report , " Trump Trump , apparently pointing to a campaign statement Tuesday night in which his Trump deflected questions about the Trump Foundation and accused the Post reporter of bias . 
 