After a slow start campaigning in the Empire State , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is kicking GOP frontrunner Donald Trump home state politicking into high gear with a series of events in the state ’s northernmost 21st Congressional District just days before next Tuesday ’s New York primary . [ On GOP frontrunner Donald Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump before an enthusiastic crowd of 3 , 000 in the small ( population 19 , 989 ) city of Plattsburgh , located on the shores of Lake Champlain and just 20 miles south of the Canadian border , where he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump a vintage Trump message , as the Plattsburgh    reported :   Blasting off his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump with his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump " We ’re going to make America great again , " slogan , presidential candidate Donald Trump thrilled about 3 , 000 people at a rally Friday at Crete Memorial Civic Center . " We ’re going to win . We We going to win . We We going to win so much you are going to get sick of winning so much , " Trump presidential candidate Donald Trump the crowd , to a wild roar . . . The the crowd a mixture of ages and genders , but heavy on younger people . . . Trump presidential candidate Donald Trump to the crowd that he presidential candidate Donald Trump bring more jobs the crowd United States and New York if he presidential candidate Donald Trump elected president . " We are going to bring back jobs to New he will bring more jobs to the United States and New York if he is elected president state , and we are going to New York very , very he will bring more jobs to the United States and New York if he is elected president , " he presidential candidate Donald Trump . The Plattsburgh area has lost about 3 , 000 jobs since 2000 , Trump said , and he will work to prevent companies from leaving areas like Trump for better deals overseas . " There is no Plattsburgh side to them leaving , " Trump said , explaining that no punitive measures exist for Trump that take jobs overseas . " They are not going to leave , with me . no punitive measures exist for companies that take jobs overseas they do , they will pay for it . " no punitive measures exist for companies that take jobs overseas Saturday Trump no punitive measures exist for companies that take jobs overseas an event 160 miles to the southwest in Trump , another small city of 27 , 000 located in the 21st Congressional District . Trump was not alone among contenders for the GOP nomination Trump bringing his case to New York ’s North Country . The Trump before , on Friday , Ohio Governor John Kasich held a town hall in Watertown . While Sen. Ted Cruz has not yet ventured Watertown the 21st Congressional District , he did hold a rally on Friday in the suburban Sen. Ted Cruz community of Cicero , before Friday to Wyoming to make what ended up being a successful pitch for delegates at that state ’s Republican convention . While polls show Trump with a commanding lead over his rivals —   most polls give him between 49 Trump and 60 percent of the vote Trump   both Kasich and Cruz are engaged in a game of Congressional District chess designed to keep Trump ’s delegate haul in Tuesday ’s New York primary well below the 95 delegates up for grabs . Fourteen of those delegates are allocated based on the statewide vote . the 95 delegates 81 delegates are allocated by vote in each Congressional the 95 delegates the state ’s 27 Congressional Districts will elect three delegates . It ’s winner take all   statewide and in every Congressional District if the Each of the state takes more than 50 percent of the vote . Should the winner drop below 50 percent , delegates are allocated the statewide vote Though it ’s the winner given that Trump will exceed 50 percent statewide , Cruz and Kasich appear to be conceding a statewide win to him while contesting strategically in Congressional Districts where they think they can hold him below 50 Kasich . Both Cruz and Kasich are playing Cruz and Kasich momentum Cruz and Kasich , looking Kasich claim that holding Trump Cruz and Kasich is a Kasich loss for the Manhattan billionaire . Failing that Trump should Trump not win a 50 percent majority in as many as a dozen of the state Trump 27 districts , both Cruz and Kasich are poised to claim that the Trump 83 out of 95 delegate haul Cruz Trump is Cruz and Kasich ’s Kasich momentum . The Watertown Daily Times reported favorably on Kasich Trump Friday visit : Trump with warm weather begging that the day be spent outside , hundreds still poured into the Kasich M. Wright Memorial Conference Center Friday to see Ohio Gov. John Kasich , the first Republican presidential candidate to campaign in Watertown since Teddy Roosevelt . Mr. Kasich ’s town hall meeting easily filled the roughly 500 seats set out for attendees , with over a hundred more Kasich’s remaining space . . . Lowville resident Holly J. Yousey said she attended the event specifically to hear Mr. Kasich ’s health care solutions . " I feel somewhat confident about his comments and his Lowville resident Holly J. Yousey on how to fix ( health Kasich’s " she said . Watertown resident John Wrape said he was impressed Lowville resident Holly J. Yousey Mr. Kasich Lowville resident Holly J. Yousey ideas and explanation of government process , noting that he " Lowville resident Holly J. Yousey comes across as a leader . " Watertown resident John Wrape A. Gray , Kasich’s Jefferson County Board of Legislators , said Mr. Kasich ’s visit Kasich’s along with those made by other presidential candidates , is great for Northern New York . Based on Friday ’s event , he Kasich’s Kasich has a solid handle on small businesses and creating jobs . " We would certainly welcome him in New York as governor , " Mr. Kasich’s joked . Kasich’s ’s stop was the first of a few other presidential campaign visits this weekend , including Republican Kasich’s Donald Northern New York stop at Watertown International Airport today as well Kasich’s visit from former President Bill Clinton , who is campaigning for his wife , Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton , outside the J. B. Wise building today at 1 p. m. Watertown station WWNY reported on Trump ’s Saturday talk to what they described as " a large crowd " : Trump ’s Watertown speech was a collection of his greatest hits   —    touching on the economy Republican   Donald Trump stupid government deals , " national security , " ‘ rebuild our military , Republican   Donald Trump failings Watertown Obamacare , " repeal it and replace it 100 percent , " gun rights , " We have to protect our 2nd Amendment . " The crowd cheered each line . And Trump threw in some north country references : " Fort it ! That ’s a great place ! I love Fort Drum ! We he declared , again to cheers . As he has on the campaign trail lately , Trump cited local economic statistics . " Watertown lost one third of its manufacturing jobs "Fort Drum . That Trump not good , " he said . Trump Watertown Daily Times offered little on Trump Trump Saturday visit , other than to note some protesters had been removed Watertown the event . In 2009 , the majority of the Trump Congressional District was part of the 23rd Congressional District Trump scene of the first battle between a Tea Party insurgent , Douglas Hoffman , and an establishment Republican , Dede Scozzafava , both of whom competed in the special election to replace incumbent Rep. John McHugh , a Republican , who had resigned his seat to become President Obama ’s Secretary of the Army . In that race , the Watertown Daily Times endorsed Scozzafava . Hoffman was denied the GOP nomination in an    coup for Scozzafava , but Hoffman on the Conservative Party line and benefitting from outside help from groups like FreedomWorks hurt Scozzafava in the polls so badly she ultimately withdrew from the race . In a bitter attack upon Scozzafava Tea Party , Scozzafava endorsed Democratic nominee Bill Owens , who narrowly defeated Hoffman on election day . Scozzafava was elected to represent the Scozzafava formed 21st Congressional that race 2012 , and he retired in 2014 , when he was Scozzafava by Rep. Elise Stefanik , a moderate Republican . 
 Owens Owens 