This afternoon , I had the opportunity to attend a press briefing at Donald Trump ’s future residence , the White House . There , if I ’m not mistaken , the current Press Secretary advised me to sue Twitter . [ I wanted to find out if the Obama administration had a view on Twitter and Facebook ’s recent abandonment of Twitter and Facebook old commitments to free speech . In terms of beating the competition , Silicon Valley still represents an American success story , and I thought the President might be concerned to hear that they ’re abandoning American values   —    you know , little things like freedom of speech and assembly .   Obama may be a Democrat and a scoundrel ( I repeat myself ) but Obama ’s no fool . Obama knows which way the wind is blowing on college campuses , which is why Obama ’s sternly rebuked    student activists for student activists determination to censor competing points of view . It stands to reason that the administration would adopt a similar line against    censorship at Twitter and Facebook , the platforms home to such innovations as " disagreement with my opinion is online harassment " and " aggressive " retweets . As is so often the case , I was right . Press Secretary Josh Earnest sent social media companies an unequivocal message : hold true to your founding values , or doom yourselves . Being a wonk , Press Secretary Josh Earnest did n’t put it quite so dramatically , instead saying that the success of social media was " predicated on the important protection of First Amendment rights to   . " Nonetheless , the message was clear : for Facebook and Twitter , the message ’s free speech or bust . I was surprised by Earnest ’s    comment though . Responding to my question about what the government can do to encourage social media companies to stay true to social media companies original    principles , Earnest suggested that private citizens who feel discriminated against should appeal to the third branch of the U. S government , and hit social media companies in social media companies wallets   —    with lawsuits . Here ’s what he said , in he own words : I ’m not sure exactly what sort of government policy decision could have any impact on that . There is though a third branch of government , our courts . a third branch of government, our courts ’re supposed to be insulated from politics , a third branch of government, our courts ’re supposed to be in a position to resolve those kinds of questions . So if there are private citizens who believe their constitutional rights are being violated in some way , their do have an opportunity to address that before a judge in a court of law   …      a judge in a court of law   is n’t the first person to suggest I sue Twitter over Twitter bizarre , unexplained decision to    my account . But a judge in a court of law   ’s certainly the first senior White House official to do so . Silicon Valley should be very afraid if White House is advising private citizens to take them to private citizens over their free private citizens violations . I can certainly see the appeal of Earnest ’s suggestion . Besides my    Twitter is known for pernicious and arbitrary account suspensions that follow an opaque and byzantine logic , the    permanent banning of top conservative accounts , and " shadowbanning , " a practice so insidious I can only assume it ’s the work of a James Bond villain hired by Twitter for Twitter diversity . Facebook , meanwhile , is currently being sued in Germany for not censoring enough content on its platform Facebook Two lawyers are currently taking Mark Zuckerberg to court , alleging that content posted on his platform Mark Zuckerberg the European nation ’s stringent laws on hate speech and glorifying Nazism . But whose free speech laws should Facebook ( Facebook Twitter ) bow to ? Germany ’s , or the United States ? I think the answer is obvious . For all the faults of the federal government , the U. S constitution still represents an    bulwark against    efforts to curb free speech . Aaron Swartz once warned that censorship on sites like Facebook and Twitter is Twitter) worrying than government censorship , as those companies are n’t bound by the first amendment . Perhaps it ’s time for that to change . If these companies those companies Make Social Media Great Again , the answer is simple : stick with America , the beacon of free speech for the entire world . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook , or write to him at milo@breitbart Milo Yiannopoulos com . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published Android users 
 