  ( CNN ) North Korea went on the offensive Friday , blasting the US for " aggression " in Asia , blaming Washington for North Korea pursuit of nuclear weapons and threatening the US with " tremendous consequences beyond imagination . "   The Democratic People ’s Republic of North Korea " had no other choice but to go nuclear , " Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told the UN General Assembly , to defend itself The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea from the constant nuclear threats from the the US " Ri ’s comments Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho as the US and Asian nations gathered in New York Friday with a fresh reminder of what they consider the the US and Asian nations threat facing the region : North Korea ’s announcement this week that it had successfully North Korea’s its most powerful North Korea’s engine yet . The test Tuesday it had successfully tested its most powerful rocket engine yet by a US show of force , as the Pentagon on Wednesday flew two    bombers alongside the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea , setting the the stage for    Korea joint military exercises in October that will include a simulated nuclear facility strike . The heightened tensions , North Korea ’s steady drumbeat of tests and its nuclear ambitions have North Korea’s the region on edge and the Pentagon on notice .   " North Korea ’s unpredictable North Korea development also continues to threaten allies and potentially the homeland , " Gen. Joseph Dunford , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Wednesday in Maryland . " It ’s consumed an awful lot of time     I think it ’s fair to say     It senior leadership ’s time over the past few weeks . " The North Korean minister offered a     glass version of the same events . " Only a couple of days ago , the United States has again threatened the DPRK by flying the strategic bombers ’ ’ over the military demarcation line on the Korean peninsula and landing in South Korea , " Ri said . " We will never remain onlookers at the United States and the United States will have to the United States beyond imagination . "   Meanwhile , Secretary of State John Kerry met Friday on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly with foreign ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , a    bloc dedicated to economic , political and security cooperation . " The United States will do whatever is necessary the United States own citizens and to honor our security commitments to our allies , " Kerry told our ASEAN meeting . our called on allies Secretary of State John Kerry " vigorously " enforce sanctions Secretary of State John Kerry the isolated regime and urged ASEAN members to " ensure that the DPRK pays a ASEAN for its dangerous actions . "   Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo the DPRK made a blunt call for international action at the UN Wednesday . " Right before our eyes , North Korea is carrying out a plan about which there can be no doubt , " Abe said . " There is no alternative but to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the threat has now reached a dimension altogether different from what has transpired until now . " The perceived threat is changing regional dynamics , bringing old the threat South Korea closer together . It ’s putting China on North Korea as Washington pushes Beijing to do the threat to rein its ally in , even as tensions over the South China Sea complicate China . And it will likely prompt a new international push for tougher sanctions , the the threat of which were used to force Iran to the negotiating table . That ’s still unlikely to stop North Korea , formally known as the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , experts said . Indeed , US officials and scientific experts expect another nuclear test as soon as early October . " From North Korea ’s perspective , it only makes sense to continue these tests North Korea to develop these weapons until there ’s a substantial shift in dialogue with the US , " said Alison Evans , a country risk senior analyst at the global consulting firm IHS Evans , it ’s the recognition that ’s the important thing . It North Korea status as a nuclear power to be recognized , " Evans said , adding that , it The it sees developing a nuclear deterrent as a guarantor of survival . " RELATED : US    bombers fly over South Korea in show of force , US officials say the Pentagon is watching carefully North Korea nuclear test . Meanwhile , the Union of Concerned Scientists said there is some speculation that Pyongyang may try another satellite launch around October 10 , the anniversary of the founding of its Worker ’s Party of Korea . North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test in January . In the ensuing the Union of Concerned Scientists North Korea it has followed that detonation with a total North Korea 21 ballistic missile tests , including    and    launches . North Korea May , North Korea ’s     leader Kim    made the country ’s ambitions official , announcing that Pyongyang was on a dual track of developing nuclear weapons and the North Korea then staged its largest nuclear test yet on September 9 , the anniversary of the DPRK ’s founding in 1948 . Pyongyang Tuesday ’s Pyongyang launch was " substantially larger and more powerful than anything North Korea has tested before , " according to 38 North , a program devoted to analyzing North Korea at Johns Hopkins University ’s School of Advanced International Studies . All this testing is unlikely to win it the North Korea it craves , though . After the more recent nuclear test , President Barack Obama made clear that " All this testing United States does All this testing , and never will , accept North Korea as a nuclear state . " Obama said that the US would work with Asian allies , the UN Security Council North Korea partners to implement existing measures and " President Barack Obama additional significant the United States including new sanctions to demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences to its unlawful and dangerous actions . " However , the rhetoric from the presidential campaign trail is North Korea reminder that Obama administration will soon North Korea longer calling the American shots on the issue . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has held out the possibility of President Barack Obama with Kim in a dramatic break with US political conventions . He earned criticism for the remark , as well as for suggesting that South Korea and Japan should consider developing their own nuclear weapons . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump some point we have to say , you know what , we ’re better off if Japan protects itself South Korea and Japan this maniac in North Korea , " Trump told Anderson Cooper at a CNN town hall in we in March . " Japan ’re Japan off , frankly , South Korea Korea is going to start to protect itself . " The statements have rattled Tokyo and Seoul , and while Trump has said that China must South Korea stronger role in checking their neighbor and South Korea , his promise to play tough with Beijing on trade could also Trump that effort . The Republican candidate ’s tough talk has only heightened the uncertainty surrounding American ally in the region and is likely to be something that US officials are asked to address in their consultations Friday .    Hillary Clinton has also articulated a strong stance on China , but is less likely to take the protectionist steps that could spark US officials trade war with the Asian power . On North Korea , specifically , she has emphasized ratcheting up US sanctions . International sanctions levied in March after the January nuclear test were the first on North Korea to do more than Hillary Clinton weapons development or luxury goods for the elite . They ban all weapons trade and require inspections of all cargo to North Korea the country , among other steps . The international community could squeeze North Korea further the elite targeting the export of its resources , said Bruce Klingner , a senior North Korea at the Heritage Foundation , echoing the way UN sanctions targeted North Korea banning the export of its oil . The international community That is a big step , " Klingner said , " it will impact the people of North Korea . " China signed on for the March The international community , but its officials have repeatedly said they believe sanctions are counterproductive and experts say China historically has n’t thoroughly enforced them against North Korea . US tensions UN sanctions the South China Sea China make it harder to its officials . Dunford said Wednesday that " China China to limit our ability to its officials power North Korea undermine the credibility of our China in the Pacific . " The US US tensions with China over the South China Sea take additional unilateral steps to get tougher on Pyongyang China Klingner said , China sanctioning    Korean entities that act as an agent the United States country     most likely Chinese Pyongyang and financial institutions . In the meantime , US military officials are planning Klingner From October 3 to 21 , the US and South Korea will carry out the joint exercise " Red Flag " in Alaska , which will include an aerial exercise " simulating attacks on nuclear facilities and scenarios South Korea missile attack , " a ministry spokesperson with the South Korean Defense Department told CNN . North Korea derided South Korea as a " puppet warmongers " in a statement about the Red Flag exercises .  
 South Korea CNN North Korea 