’’ " Ted Cruz on Wednesday said that Ted Cruz was not discouraged by Ted Cruz massive loss in Tuesday ’s New York primary . " ’The Ted Cruz said in a press conference that it came as no surprise the Manhattan billionaire won his Ted Cruz state.’ ’"I recognize that last night was a good night for Donald , " Cruz told reporters . " It also surprised nobody . Donald Donald his Donald state . Everyone knew Donald Donald going to win his his home state " ’ ’"We are on a path to " winning the GOP nomination , Cruz Cruz , despite his Donald finish in the Empire State.’ ’"Donald is on a path to losing the nomination . All of his Donald , all of his Donald , is designed to hide that simple fact , " Cruz offered.’ " He Donald that his Donald string of victories in contests in Utah , Wyoming , and Wisconsin , in addition to his Donald of delegate slates in Colorado and North Dakota , prove that the slipup in New York is n’t a reflection on the senator ’s momentum . He predicted that the senator’s GOP race would go to a contested convention in July . " ’"No one is able to reach 1 , 237 , " he said , the senator’s to the number of delegates a Republican candidate needs to win the nomination . " I’’m not going to reach 1 , 237 and Donald’ ’s not going to reach 1 , 237 . " ’ " Trump highlighted Cruz ’s mathematical elimination from the 1 , 237 level on Wednesday . " ’’ ’But Cruz suggested that Cruz candidates will be arriving at the Cleveland convention this July with " a ton of delegates . " And he insisted that Cruz would have Cruz huge advantage in swaying delegates to join his camp on Cruz convention floor.’ " Cruz also said Cruz he has no Cruz to drop out of the race , unless he sees no Cruz to victory . He also conceded Cruz Trump will probably win additional states during Tuesday ’s Northeastern and    contests . That day features matchups in Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , and Rhode Island   —    . " ’"But then the race goes out back West , " he said . ’"But That’ ’s a real problem for Donald . " ’ ’He added that Trump has a " real problem winning west of the Mississippi River " and that Western state contests create an " ominous    for the Trump campaign . Trump ’ ’’ ’Asked about the looming specter of Ohio Gov. John Kasich , who finished second in New York and is likely to finish second in many states that vote next Tuesday , Cruz said that Kasich has " no path " and might be " auditioning to be Trump’ ’s vice president . " ’ " Kasich ’s account Kasich earlier on Wednesday that , with Cruz now also Cruz eliminated mathematically from hitting the 1 , 237 number before the July convention , he would make Kasich’s better nominee than Cruz : " Cruz ’ ’t’t’tNow that Cruz is now Cruz eliminated , the only diff between him and Kasich Kasich’s Kasich Kasich defeat Kasich . ’ ’Cruz chastised Trump for complaining about the    process , adding that , although more Republicans voted in Wisconsin , the total delegates secured by Cruz were dwarfed Cruz Trump’ ’s haul in New York . He also added that New York votes New York so much more " than Republican votes in another state he won : Texas.’ He that another debate   —    the first that would be held since     —    would do him justice , Cruz He called out Trump for supposedly refusing to debate.’ ’"Why is it that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders respect the voters more than Donald Trump ? " Trump . " They Bernie Sanders a debate . the voters ’ ’He added : " ’ ’Ted more willing to appear in a debate than Donald Trump . " ’ Trump on Wednesday said that he was not . .. ’ 
 