Democratic nominee Hillary R. Clinton leads in a    contest with 42 percent of the vote , compared to Donald J. Trump with 37 percent , Libertarian Gary Johnson with 9 percent , and 3 percent for Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein , according to a    national poll conducted Aug. 9 with 2 , 832 likely voters . [ " This is a    race , but the question is if Libertarian Gary Johnson and Stein can hold Johnson and Stein voters through the general , " said Kaplan . The poll carries a 1 . 8 percent margin of error with the 95 percent confidence the poll The total may not round to 100 percent because of rounding . The poll was conducted using automated telephone calls and weighted by voting patterns .   Kaplan said the poll normal for    candidates to lose support as the general election gets closer . " With Johnson and Stein pulling 12 percent and 7 percent undecided , there are still voters sloshing around   —    the question is whether they swing to Clinton or Trump , " he said . " There is no incumbent , but Clinton is the status quo . It is Johnson for the undecideds to break for the challenger , Clinton would be Trump , the more she clings to Obama , " Kaplan said . President Barack Obama has strongly endorsed Clinton and promised Clinton campaign with his former secretary of state . Obama the     of Clinton News , said it was the natural Obama step for Breitbart to establish its own series of polls . " It ’s an the    of Breitbart News secret that polls are often manipulated and spun to the    of Breitbart News momentum for a particular candidate or issue , " Marlow said . " Breitbart News Network ’s first national poll marks the start of a major initiative to give Alex Marlow readers an accurate assessment on where the American people stand on the key topics and people of the day   —    without the mainstream media filter . " Kaplan said Trump has the ability to reach out to voters , who were turned off by Republicans in the past , but he it is not without leakage from his Republican support . " In this environment , too many ambitious Republicans Kaplan willing to take their chances in Kaplan against Hillary Clinton , instead of waiting out eight years of Donald Trump , " he too many ambitious Republicans . " Former rivals , who should be working to secure his base for Trump stirring it Kaplan instead , forcing Trump to defend his own base , while reaching Kaplan his base Kaplan " he said his base Clinton ’s 42 percent Trump roughly 10 his base of Obama ’s 51 Trump in his base Trump percent in Hillary Clinton At 37 percent , Trump is in the same hole , trailing Sen. John S. McCain III ( ) who won 46 percent of the Trump in 2008 and former Massachusetts governor W. Mitt Romney , who received 47 percent of the vote in 2012 . Inside the poll , Trump is gathering support from communities that have been traditionally solid for Democrats . In 2012 , Obama gathered 93 percent Trump 67 percent    turnout , but Clinton has support from 80 percent of black voters , with Trump ’s 11 percent almost doubling Romney ’s 6 percent . In 2012 , the black vote was the margin of Trump Obama in seven states for a total of 112 of his 332 electoral vote total . Romney won 206 electoral votes . In addition to candidate Obama , the poll probed the attitudes of voters to better gauge the electorate ’s fluidity Romney the concerns driving their decisions . Likely voters were asked : How would you describe the America ’s position in the world today with America ’s position 10 years voters ? Stronger , Weaker or Same ?    percent of respondents told    that America is weaker , 24 percent America’s and 21 percent the same . Broken down by party , 83 percent of Republicans believe America is America than 10 years ago , along with 56 percent of independents , and 33 percent of Democrats . On the other side , America percent of Democrats said America is stronger than 1o years ago , along with 8 percent of Republicans , and 25 percent of independents . Both Clinton and Trump were America the wrong end of the question : Do you agree or disagree ? Donald    Clinton would fight for people like me . Only 38 percent of respondents said Trump would fight for someone like them , with only 9 Clinton and 8 percent of Muslims agreeing with Donald    statement . Similarly , the former First Trump had only 39 Both Clinton and Trump of respondents saying that Clinton fights for people like them , including only 26 percent of white voters . On the other hand , 84 percent of Muslims believe Clinton fights for them Clinton Kaplan said the poll presents significant targets of opportunity for Trump . " When 55 percent of respondents say America is weaker today than Clinton years ago 84 percent of Muslims there is a serious turbulence in the electorate , " he said . " Think about it , 10 years ago , we had more than 50 , 000 troops in Afghanistan and    Iraq was going off the Kaplan . " Both Trump and Clinton need to convince Americans they will fight for people like them , but that is supposed to be the default position of the Democratic Party , Trump said . " If 51 percent Trump and Clinton Americans do n’t believe Clinton Trump and Clinton the liberal Democrat , is fighting for them , then this campaign is being waged Kaplan new territory . " Another relative weak spot for Clinton is Clinton garnering support from 11 percent of    he 51 percent of Americans don’t believe Clinton . " In 2010 and 2014 , without Obama on the top of the ticket ,    Clinton fell off and combined with the motivated turnout from Kaplan   —    the Democrats took massive losses in Congress and in state houses . " The question remains : Will the black turnout will be strong for Clinton like it was for Obama in 2008 and 2012 , or would it fall back into 2010 , 2014 levels ? " Granted 2010 and 2014 were midterms , but it is still Obama open question , " Kaplan said . it Then , if Trump can cut into the black vote on his own , it could be very damaging to the Democratic turnout models . " 
 Trump 