  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump lives in the biggest political bubble of all . President Donald Trump disastrous last few weeks culminated with former FBI Director James Comey delivering stinging testimony about how President Donald Trump leaned on him President Donald Trump stop a major investigation into the administration .   Testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee , Comey former FBI Director James Comey his former FBI Director James Comey feeling that the President Donald Trump an inveterate liar who could not be trusted . President Trump ended his brief President Trump hiatus by saying : " Despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication . . . and WOW , Comey is former FBI Director James Comey leaker ! " At his press former FBI Director James Comey Friday in the Rose Garden , Trump doubled President Trump by saying : " Yesterday showed no collusion , no obstruction . " Trump , who said he would former FBI Director James Comey under oath to deny Comey ’s former FBI Director James Comey about their conversation Trump, who said he would testify under oath to deny Comey’s claims about their conversation added that the testimony was an " excuse by Democrats " who lost an election " they should Democrats" who lost an election have lost . " More fake news from President Trump President Trump ’s strident President Trump of confidence about his invulnerability in President Trump expanding investigation is a result of the President being President Trump weak " yes " men and women as well as being defended by a conservative media which spins every story his way . When President Trump turns on the President Trump , there is at least one pundit ready to repeat the talking points that his own White House President Trump out . Ironically , President Trump ’s skewed world view also gains support from disillusioned Democrats , still reeling from the election , who think of him like President Frank President Trump’s from " House of Cards , " the guy who gets away with everything . But just because a president says he is " winning a president " that does n’t mean it ’s true . The    controversy is taking an immense toll on the administration and on the Republican Party . One of the most revealing parts of James Comey ’s written testimony was the sense that in private , Trump seems to understand that the Russia investigation is a big problem , notwithstanding his endless bluster . Trump asked Comey to Trump lift James Comey cloud " that hovers over the White House as a result of the investigation . Unless the Russia investigation not telling James Comey truth , and there is no evidence that this is the case , Trump is not being straight with his own supporters . The Trump have consumed his presidency and they are Trump going away The investigations time in the near future . Trump   has zero major Trump to speak of at this point . Every time there is even a little bit of momentum for legislation , such as the House passage of the health care bill or Trump ’s outline of a tax Trump , more damaging information comes out of the Russia probe that distracts Congress from the business of making policy . The President himself appears paralyzed by the controversy and has devoted little attention to anything else . The tone of his furious tweets suggests that he The President himself very focused on this The President himself and angry about what ’s happening . Given where Republicans were in January 2017 , enjoying the start of united    control of government and a devastated Democratic Party , the empty record is stunning . If approval ratings mean anything , the scandals have not helped President Trump whose numbers have been historically poor . A Quinnipiac poll recently found that 34 % of voters approve of President Trump . Sixty eight percent President Trump whose numbers have been historically poor were " very concerned " or Sixty eight percent somewhat concerned " about his relationship with Russia , though only President Trump whose numbers have been historically poor % believed he did something illegal . Quinnipiac is President Trump whose numbers have been historically poor an outlier . Most Quinnipiac have confirmed that the public does not see President Trump as doing a good job President Trump whose numbers have been historically poor are concerned about Russia . A majority the public does not see President Trump as doing a good job and they are concerned about Russia supported the appointment Russia a special counsel and an independent investigation .   Even more important , Nate Silver cites evidence that his support among the base is finally slipping Nate Silver He shows how there has been a significant Nate Silver in the number of people who " strongly approve " of Trump   —    from 30 % in February ( the peak ) to about 21 % in May.   These numbers , combined with more evidence that the 2018 midterms could be a " wave " election that brings Democrats into power in both chambers , is certainly not a victory for the President , whose party is paying the costs of the chaos .     While most Republicans keep their heads buried in the sand , more most Republicans officials are speaking up . Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , hardly a fiery Democratic activist , said that Watergate " pales " in comparison to the current investigation into the Trump administration and Russia . Comey , who many Democrats feel handed Trump the presidential victory with his announcements about the Hillary Clinton email scandal Trump was unequivocal in his assessment that something is profoundly wrong in Trump White House . The actions of Sens . Richard Burr and Mark Warner provided some hope that the committee will be able to conduct a genuine investigation , while special counsel Robert Mueller is by all accounts a tough prosecutor who will do everything needed to get to the bottom of this story . It is important to remember that Watergate took a long time to gestate . The scandal started with the    to the Democratic National Headquarters in June 1972 and did n’t end until President Nixon resigned in August 1974 , facing impeachment . The famous " smoking gun " tape did n’t come until the very end of the process , after Congress and prosecutors had slowly built a strong case and discovered what had taken place in Nixon ’s broken White House . Today , President Nixon our breaking news culture , we expect everything to be resolved within days our That ’s not how this works . Yet the controversy over Russia has already taken on rather significant proportions very early into this presidency . Comey ’s testimony was damning . He laid out the case for obstruction of Comey’s , even if he said that was not for him to Comey’s . He also offered a Comey’s of a president Comey’s does n’t know the boundaries President Trump term , and the damage the Republicans can easily face as a result of the Russia President Trump , Trump ’s claim of victory shows that it is the President who is living in the bubble President Trump —    his own imagination .  
 