SAN DIEGO , California   —    One suspect and a possible second have been taken into custody after the shooting of two SAN DIEGO police officers left one dead and another fighting for his Gomez late Thursday night . [ The first suspect ,     Jesse Michael Gomez , was arrested shortly after the the shooting of two San Diego police officers officers followed a trail of blood . Early reports indicated that Gomez sustained a gunshot wound in the course of being taken into custody . He was Gomez treated at a local hospital as of Friday morning .   Searching continued into the night and Friday , eventually leading to a long police standoff outside a nearby home . Marcus Antonio Cassani , 41 , the man police believed to be inside that home a nearby home escaped during that time as the home was ultimately found empty according to local Fox 5 News . Cassini surrendered and was taken into custody a few blocks away , just a short time later after his sister called police reported the Los Angeles Times . Cassani was arrested on an outstanding warrant on Friday , San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman announced at a Friday press conference . She identified Cassani San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman a Cassani " potential suspect , " but was emphatic that " at this time we have not determined if Cassani is involved Cassani the murder of officer DeGuzman and the attempted murder of officer Irwin . " She said that San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman had visited San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman Irwin who had officer Irwin after surgery . She urged the San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman to continue in prayer and support for both officers , their families , and the entire police department as she offered gratitude San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman all of the support . Officers Jonathan DeGuzman and Wade Irwin were shot during a stop on Thursday night . DeGuzman lost his Jonathan DeGuzman as Jonathan DeGuzman result of his injuries . Jonathan DeGuzman was rushed Wade Irwin surgery and is expected to survive . Both officers were Officers Jonathan DeGuzman and Wade Irwin detail . Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted on Friday : Two policemen just shot in San Diego , one dead . It is only getting worse . People want LAW AND ORDER !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   The San Diego Padres baseball team took a moment of silence on Friday night for fallen officer Guzman : A moment of silence for fallen @SanDiegoPD Officer Jonathan DeGuzman . Our thoughts continue to be with his family . pic . twitter .    —    San Diego Padres ( @Padres ) July 30 , 2016 ,   Dallas Police Chief David O. Brown offered thoughts and prayers as his own city so Dallas Police Chief David O. Brown lost five law enforcement officers in assassinations targeting white police . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the fallen @SanDiegoPD Officer and their department . # Our thoughts and prayers pic . twitter .    —    Chief David O. Brown ( @DPDChief ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 