( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . A new plot twist in a Washington drama : Two White House officials helped Devin Nunes , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , view the secret reports that showed incidental surveillance of the Trump campaign . Several U. S. officials identified the pair as Ezra    the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council , and Michael Ellis , who works at the White House Counsel ’s Office . In the evening , we learned that Michael Flynn , the    national security adviser , had offered to talk to congressional investigators , if he is granted immunity . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Trump spent part of the day inciting fellow Republicans . " The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if The Freedom Caucus do n’t get on the team ,   fast , " President Trump wrote on Twitter . The bloc ’s foiling of the health care bill has rekindled the civil war between the party ’s establishment and    conservatives like Representative Dave Brat of Virginia , above . In the Senate , Vice President Mike Pence cast the deciding " yea " vote on a measure to allow states to block funding to clinics that perform abortions . _ _ _ _ _   3 . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is heading to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson first NATO meeting , after meeting with the Turkish president . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson showered praise on the Turkish government , which has been accused of authoritarian tactics . But he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson an earful over U. S. support for Kurdish forces in Iraq and Syria . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Just two months into the Trump presidency , the U. S. military is becoming more involved in a string of complex wars that lack clear endgames   —    and often endanger civilians . In the latest case , Mr. Trump engagement rules for counterterrorism strikes in Somalia , preparing to escalate the campaign against the    Islamist group   Shabab . Above , a child in a cholera center in Baidoa , Somalia , Somalia a few miles from Shabab territory . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Uproar on opposite sides of the world . In South Korea , the ousted president , Park    was arrested on criminal charges of bribery and abuse of power . And in Venezuela , there was a big step toward    rule under the leftist president , Nicolás Maduro , as his loyalists on the Supreme Court effectively dissolved the elected legislature . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . North Carolina ’s legislature passed a bill to repeal its " North Carolina’s legislature bill , " and the governor immediately signed it . North Carolina’s legislature repeal , ending public bathroom rules aimed at transgender people , does not satisfy many critics . And it ’s North Carolina’s legislature yet clear whether it will North Carolina’s legislature a national backlash from companies , entertainers and sports leagues   —    most notably the N. C. A. A.   —    that boycotted the state , calling the law discriminatory . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . " Sometimes I think they ’ll come again , even here . I have nightmares   —    they ’re they to kill me , they ’re they to kill me . " That     girl is one of 130 , 000 people who fled the Islamist militants of Boko Haram , only to find themselves stuck 130, 000 people who fled the Islamist militants of Boko Haram a barren desert highway in Niger , near the Nigerian border . It ’s a literal road to nowhere . Begun by a Chinese oil company , construction stopped two years ago after attacks spiked . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . A vanguard of prosecutors across the country has jettisoned the traditional   ’   approach and embraced alternatives to harsh punishment . Some are facing a backlash from law enforcement groups and more conservative politicians . Among them is Some Ayala , the new chief prosecutor in Orlando , who announced this month that she would no longer seek the death penalty . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A first for the space industry : SpaceX launched a commercial satellite into space with the boost of a partly used rocket , a feat that may open an era of cheaper space travel . And it might be able to be used again , because the rocket returned in one piece , landing on a floating platform in the Atlantic . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . A revival of the 1978 musical " Zoot Suit " is a smash hit in Los Angeles , where fans have been showing up decked out in vintage gear . The production , which was also adapted for film , is a fantastical reimagining of the    Sleepy Lagoon murder case in 1942 , in which    youths were unjustly convicted by a biased judge . " We still have some of the same problems , " said Leka I m , above left with her twin Leka Im Lekit . " This is something we all need to see to understand L. A. " _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , dive into a futuristic whodunit : " Ghost in the Shell , " a    movie adaptation of a Japanese comic book , in theaters this weekend . The director , Rupert Sanders , discusses a scene featuring Scarlett Johansson , who plays a    character who physically walks through a geisha robot ’s digital memories to figure out how the robot a geisha robot’s . Have a great night . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 