Washington ( CNN ) While the rest of his senior staff scrambled to squeeze votes for President Trump ’s flailing health care package , one person remained notably absent for most of the week : Jared Kushner .   Along with this wife , Ivanka Trump , another key cog in the president ’s inner circle , Jared Kushner.   was on vacation until Thursday , skiing with family in the posh Colorado town of Aspen . Paparazzi caught Jared and Ivanka taking leisurely strolls , enjoying ice cream cones with Jared and Ivanka three kids and winding Jared and Ivanka way down the slopes . Meanwhile , back in Washington , Trump was fuming . According to a source close to the President , " [ Trump ] is upset that his the President and senior adviser was not around during this crucial week . " Kushner did appear at the White House on Friday during the last gasps of the Obamacare repeal effort . A White the White House flatly denied the President is frustrated with Kushner Kushner But it was clearly a busy week at the White the White House the health care bill teetered on the precipice without enough Republican votes to pass it , White House the health care bill secretary the White House said the the President left everything on the field " in his efforts to the President the bill passed . Republicans ultimately pulled the health care bill without a vote , a blow the health care bill ’s early agenda . It has not been entirely clear what specific role Kushner , who has no Capitol Hill or Washington background , would have played in a legislative effort . When Ivanka and the kids took off for Aspen last weekend , sharing a ride on Trump ’s private 757 jet with Donald Trump , Trump’s his family and Eric and Lara Trump , Jared did stay behind in Washington . However , he only worked Monday , and by that evening was Jared flying out to join the rest of the Trump Jared . On Tuesday , an Instagram photo from Lara Trump showed Kushner and Ivanka on top of a Lara Trump And as the week wore on and it was clear back home on that Trump ’s cornerstone campaign pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare was Lara Trump lawmakers , Jared remained out West , leaving to Vice President Mike Pence , Steve Bannon , Reince Priebus and Kellyanne Conway the arduous task of selling the plan on Capitol Hill . Ivanka ’s absence this week was also noted she Instagrammed important White House moments , mentioning support , but she Ivanka n’t at her usual place , seated at roundtable discussions Ivanka or standing beside Ivanka father ’s chair in the Oval Office . Instead , there Ivanka was in Aspen , toting her kids , wearing $ 585 Ivanka sunglasses     and leaving her Ivanka West Wing digs vacant , opting instead for quality spring Ivanka time with her immediate family .    Kushner ’s plan to stay     this Ivanka while the health care package faltered could mean he ’ll get some of the blame from his    . Trump Kushner reportedly already pointing fingers at his top Kushner for what he considers shoddy support . Or , Trump could perhaps avoid the Trump debacle the Orthodox Jew typically stays Kushner from work after sundown on Fridays .   Correction : Kushner did appear at the White House on Friday . 
 Kushner 