The ambush that left five police officers dead at a protest in Dallas on Thursday has altered the contours of the presidential campaign , with Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump canceling political events on Friday and striking different tones about the killings . Donald J. Trump called the episode " an attack on our country , " and Hillary Clinton used it as the episode " of the need for " more love and kindness . " " We must stand in solidarity with law enforcement , which we must remember is the force between civilization and total chaos , " Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump a video statement that his campaign released Donald J. Trump TV networks on Friday evening . He also alluded Donald J. Trump the two black men , Alton B. Sterling in Baton Rouge , La. and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights , Minn. who were killed by white police officers this week . " Every American has the right to live in safety and peace , " Mr. Trump said Donald J. Trump We will make America the two black men, Alton B. Sterling in Baton Rouge, La. and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. who were killed by white police officers this week again . " In an interview with CNN , Mrs. Clinton praised the Dallas officers and white police officers " an absolutely horrific event . " She promptly brought the conversation back Mrs. Clinton the shootings of Mr. Castile and Mr. Sterling , which were recorded in graphic videos that reignited outrage and debate over the treatment of black men by white police officers . " We ’ve got to do everything possible to support our police and to support innocent We who have encounters with police , " Mrs. Clinton said . She vowed to fight " systemic Mrs. Clinton " in police departments and to better train law enforcement officials and integrate them into the communities they serve "systemic racism" in police departments and to better train law enforcement officials She also called "systemic racism" in police departments and to better train law enforcement officials white Americans Mrs. Clinton empathize with    who live in fear of clashes with the police . " We ’re the ones who have to start listening to the legitimate cries that are coming from our    fellow citizens , " We Clinton said . On Friday Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton offered condolences to the families Mrs. Clinton police officers killed in Dallas . " I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters , the families of the police officers killed in Dallas their families and all who serve with them the families of the police officers killed in Dallas " Mrs. Clinton posted on Twitter the families of the police officers killed in Dallas She postponed Mrs. Clinton with Vice President Joseph R. Mrs. Clinton Jr. in Scranton , Pa. that had been scheduled for Friday . But she did address the shootings of Mr. Sterling and Mrs. Clinton Castile , and the Dallas attacks , at a conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia , where emotions were raw on Friday afternoon . " There is too much violence , too much hate , too much senseless killing , too many people dead who should n’t be , " Mrs. Clinton told the group . She said she Mrs. Clinton would upset some people by Mrs. Clinton for Mrs. Clinton overhaul Mrs. Clinton the criminal justice system while praising law enforcement officials . " But all these things can be true at once , " she said . On Friday morning , Mr. Trump asked Mrs. Clinton New York Police Department if he could address an afternoon roll call at a Midtown Mr. Trump precinct to show solidarity with the police , but the department denied his request , according to the police the New York Police Department William Mr. Trump Bratton . " Our interest is in staying out of the politics of the moment , not to provide " Mr. Bratton said during a news conference at Police Headquarters in William J. Bratton A spokesman for Mr. Trump , Jason Miller , said neither the candidate nor anyone from the campaign had requested a roll call appearance . The events in Dallas came weeks after the attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando , Fla. which forced both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump to address bigotry , homegrown terrorism and gun violence . Mr. Trump on Thursday has now added urgency for both candidates and their the attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. which forced both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump to address bigotry divisions in the country while showing support for its law enforcement both candidates and their parties . Mrs. Clinton made criminal justice reform and improving relations between police the country and black communities central to her Democratic primary campaign , calling for an end to the " era of mass incarceration Mrs. Clinton " She often appeared at campaign events with the mothers of black men killed in clashes with Mrs. Clinton police . Appearing alongside Mr. Biden would have complicated that message . The vice president enjoys a close bond with police officers , but he also played a Mr. Biden enacting the 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act . Mr. Biden legislation , signed into law by President Bill Clinton , put more police officers on the streets , built dozens of new prisons and created tougher penalties for drug offenders . It has been widely criticized as having an adverse impact on black communities and the high levels of incarceration , arrests and police presence that have contributed to the current tensions . Mrs. Clinton has not put as much emphasis on the issue of criminal justice in the general election President Bill Clinton That approach is expected to change after the deaths of Mr. Castile and Mr. Sterling and the killings in Dallas . If Mr. Trump intended to project a measured reaction to the shootings , his campaign ’s state chairman in Virginia , Corey Stewart , went sharply in a different direction . Mr. Mr. Trump , who is also reported to be planning a run for governor in Virginia in 2017 , posted on Facebook as news of the shooting was developing , explicitly blaming Mrs. Clinton for the deaths . " Liberal politicians who label police as racists   —    specifically Hillary Clinton and Virginia Lt . Governor Ralph Northam   —    are to blame for essentially encouraging the murder of these police officers tonight , " Mr. Stewart wrote in a post that he later deleted . Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign , said , " Corey does Mr. Stewart speak for the campaign , and this is not something we agree with . " 
 the Trump campaign 