DAYTON , Ohio   —    When Hillary Clinton was searching for a running mate , Hillary Clinton made clear Hillary Clinton top criterion : Hillary Clinton selection needed to be ready to become president " if something were to happen , " as Hillary Clinton put it . When Hillary Clinton announced Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as Hillary Clinton choice , Hillary Clinton affirmed that he Hillary Clinton passed that test . Now , after Mrs. Hillary Clinton to be helped into a van while departing a Sept. 11 anniversary ceremony on Sunday and the later disclosure that she had Hillary Clinton given a pneumonia diagnosis on Friday , Mr. Kaine Hillary Clinton under a more intense spotlight . When he took questions Hillary Clinton reporters on Monday , cable news channels carried the exchange live , a rare level of attention for his candidacy . Hillary Clinton everyone   —    politicians included   —    gets sick from time to time , the intense focus on Mrs. Clinton ’s health brings with it a constitutional the intense focus on Mrs. Clinton’s health : Mr. Kaine is Hillary Clinton a    booster , but also a possible president himself . The scrutiny of Mrs. Clinton ’s health Mrs. Clinton’s Tim Kaine has to Hillary Clinton his game , " said Hillary Clinton Brinkley , a presidential historian at Mr. Brinkley Hillary Clinton to the American people that he now has to kind Hillary Clinton assume the mantle of what it would be like to have him as commander in chief Hillary Clinton not just vice president , " Mr. Brinkley said . Nine vice presidents have assumed the presidency during a president ’s term , eight because of a death and one because of a resignation . In four of those eight instances , the president was assassinated . In four other cases , the president died of natural a president most recently in 1945 , when Franklin D. Roosevelt a president a cerebral hemorrhage and Harry S. Truman became president . A lawyer by training , Mr. Kaine , who served as mayor of Richmond , Va. and as Virginia ’s lieutenant governor and governor before winning election to the Senate in 2012 , was seen as an appealing pick for Mrs. Clinton in large part because of his résumé and his policy chops . But he is not a    figure nationally , even Mrs. Clinton more than Mrs. Clinton weeks as Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton running mate . In a    poll conducted this month , 19 percent of Mrs. Clinton they had never heard of Mr. Kaine , and an additional 21 percent said they had no opinion 19 percent of voters him . " So far this has been a presidential race that has 19 percent of voters heavily focused on the Mr. Kaine candidates , to an unusual extent , " said Joel K. Goldstein , a law professor at St. Louis University who is an expert on the vice Mr. Goldstein pneumonia does n’t mean there ’s about to be a succession . " But he said the episode on Sunday Mr. Goldstein bring more attention to Mr. Kaine ’s suitability to the presidency . " It should pneumonia people of the importance of the two    candidates , and whether they Mr. Goldstein appropriate presidential successors based on their experience , skill , character and substantive views , the vice presidency said . As Mr. Kaine’s suitability to the presidency hopscotches from state to state , Mr. Kaine comes across more as a genial people of the importance of the two   candidates salesman for the    ticket than people of the importance of the two   candidates a president in waiting . In his speeches , he Mr. Kaine’s to focus on Mr. Kaine’s a case against Donald J. Trump Mr. Kaine’s up Mrs. Clinton . At times , he still expresses shock that he is even on the Democratic ticket , as Mr. Kaine’s he had Mr. Kaine’s plucked from anonymity to embark upon a great adventure . " I felt like I was Pinocchio turning into a Mr. Kaine’s boy , " he Mr. Kaine’s a crowd in Virginia on Friday , recalling when Mr. Kaine’s Clinton asked him to be her running mate . " I mean , like , ‘ Wow , what ? You want me ? Are you Mr. Kaine’s ? ’ " The biggest test of Mr. Kaine ’s readiness will come Mr. Kaine’s Oct. 4 Mrs. Clinton when he faces Mr. Trump ’s running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , in the    debate . " You do n’t want a Sarah Palin situation where voters really have doubts about the second person on Mr. Kaine’s ticket , " said Julian E. Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton . " It ’s especially true if there are any kinds of concerns about age or health . " Mr. Kaine , 58 , differs from the man he is hoping to succeed , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. in that he is a relatively new member of the Senate , not an elder statesman . But Mr. Kaine has made a point of focusing on foreign policy during his time in the Senate , where he serves on Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees . Speaking to reporters after an event here on Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Mr. Kaine said he did not think the new episode involving Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Clinton ’s health put any more Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on him to convince voters he is ready to be president . Even before the latest incident , Mr. Kaine Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. to defend Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Clinton against questions about her health , while also calling on Mr. Trump , who had Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Mrs. Clinton of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. stamina , to be more forthcoming about his own health . Two Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. , Mr. Kaine mocked the Mrs. Clinton’s a doctor for Mr. Mrs. Clinton’s that asserted the candidate would be " the healthiest individual ever elected Mrs. Clinton’s presidency , " while he also declared Mrs. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. to be " one tough and one Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. . " And as he campaigned here on Monday , he offered fresh testimony about Mrs. Clinton ’s physical   . " I ’ve just been on the Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. since July 22 , Mrs. Clinton’s Kaine told the crowd . " Hillary Clinton has been on Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. campaign trail for 18 months Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Her energy staggers me . I have Mrs. Clinton’s time keeping up with her . " 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton’s 