Washington ( CNN ) Mike Pence was chosen as Donald Trump ’s vice presidential nominee in part because of his ability to stay on message and maintain his relationships with fellow Republicans     even under political pressure .    This week , those skills are being put to the test . The Indiana governor ’s role as Donald Trump     has come into focus in recent days as Trump Trump’s     kept up his Trump’s     toward a slain soldier ’s Muslim parents and Republican Party leaders on Capitol Hill .   Pence ’s mission : Clean up the    mess Trump Trump’s     by declaring to The Washington Post on Tuesday afternoon that he Trump’s     n’t endorsing House Speaker Paul Ryan or Arizona Sen. John McCain in their House Speaker Paul Ryan or Arizona Sen. John McCain primaries .   On the campaign trail , Pence Pence’s often splitting or sounding a different note than the real estate mogul . On Wednesday , Pence Pence’s with Trump by endorsing Ryan     a move he Ryan     with Trump Trump .   " I talked to Donald Trump Trump about my support for Paul Ryan , Ryan     friendship , " Pence Pence’s Fox News in a phone interview . " He strongly encouraged Trump to endorse Paul Ryan in next Ryan     primary . "   It followed Pence Pence’s with primary Tuesday night in Phoenix , ahead of Pence ’s Pence’s there . A McCain spokeswoman called the    meeting " McCain friendly . Pence’s meeting with McCain Tuesday night in Phoenix, ahead of Pence’s town hall there lauded Pence’s in an interview with KNXV in Arizona , McCain he has " provided the kind of leadership throughout McCain career that has stood up for our military McCain stood up for a strong America . "   The Indiana governor ignored reporters’ questions at a Denver McCain whether he ’ll endorse McCain .   His public Ryan endorsement was McCain as evidence of a split McCain Trump and Pence     but several sources with knowledge of the relationship between the two men who share the Republican ticket said this is how they ’ve operated all along , with Trump giving Pence wide the two men who share the Republican ticket to say what he wants to Trump on Ryan , the parents of the McCain Muslim American soldier that Ryan engaged in a war of words with or any other Trump issue that Trump dives in on .   The sources said there are Trump lines of communication between the two teams . Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort got a heads up , for example , when Pence wanted to release a statement on Khizr Khan , father Pence the slain soldier     and had no problem with Pence taking the stance that the Indiana governor wanted .   Pence and Pence , the sources said , had discussions early on in Pence relationship about how they would disagree on certain issues     and that such disagreements their be fine . The campaign believes the American people will find it refreshing to have two candidates who say what they really feel , rather than going over every statement with the American people    comb and making sure the candidates agree .   Underpinning the dynamic , the sources said , is that Trump ’s team feels that Pence is loyal and does n’t have his own agenda . So Trump aides are comfortable with Pence Trump out statements that create Trump from Trump . Whenever Pence has come up , the two of Trump have talked directly .   And Trump ’s guidance to Trump aides all along has been : " Trump want you to Pence who you are     do your thing . " One example came a week ago , when Trump suggested     sarcastically , he later said     that Russia Trump Hillary Clinton ’s emails Trump find 33 , 000 of them that were not turned over to the State Department .   Pence took a much different position , saying that " if it is Russia and they are interfering in our elections , Pence can Russia you them parties and the United States government will ensure there are serious consequences . "   Pence ’s statement was prepared before the Trump news conference in Pence , Florida , where he suggested that Russia hack Clinton ’s emails , a Pence aide said     Russia the campaign was comfortable with a Pence before it had happened , as opposed to Pence attempting to clean the campaign a mess Trump had made . Pence The differences between Trump and Pence Trump news clear at Pence ’s events .   When confronted Pence " lock her Pence ! " chants about Clinton from the ticket ’s supporters , Pence typically does n’t Clinton’s .   Even in    moments Pence the difference in style is clear .   A baby cried out in the middle of a Pence campaign event Wednesday night after he said : " Hillary Clinton offers a third Obama term A baby "   " Clinton’s exactly , " Pence said , without missing a beat .   Meanwhile on Pence , Trump originally praised a baby after it cried out during his event in Virginia before saying : " a baby , I was Trump kidding , you can get the baby out of here ? " Pence has also shown that a baby comfortable in tense moments Pence campaign events .   Challenged Trump an Air Force mother about Trump ’s attacks on the Khan family earlier this week , Pence Trump to quiet a crowd that was booing the questioner Pence   " Well , I thank you for the question , " he said . " It ’s all right , it ’s all Trump . Folks that ’s what freedom looks like and It ’s what freedom sounds like . "   He has cast Trump as a    who speaks from the heart Trump and ca Trump help but be candid .   Meanwhile , the former congressman has tried to style himself as someone focused on Trump bring the country together , even Trump Trump has criticized certain parts of the United States . Trump , for instance Trump said Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , " looks like a Trump zone " this week , laying the blame at the feet of President Barack Obama and Clinton .   " What unites us in these United States , " Pence said Tuesday in Tucson , " is so much more powerful than what could ever divide us our belief in freedom , our belief in individual responsibility , our belief in the boundless capacity of every individual our live out their dreams , and our belief since before this nation was founded that we are every individual nation under god our indivisible , with these United States justice for all . our   Trump ’s selection of Pence has brought some Republicans who ’d been wary of the party ’s nominee on board .   Last week in Waukesha , Wisconsin , Gov. Scott Walker , was effusive in his praise for Pence , calling the pick " one of the best things that Donald Trump has done Pence this campaign . "   " He had all sorts of Trump’s what he did was put someone on the ballot to Trump’s with him that was n’t just a Trump’s political pick he put someone on the ballot who could Trump’s , " Walker said .   Just how Trump’s credibility Pence can buy Trump     and for how long     is another question .   On Friday , Trump is Trump’s return to Wisconsin for a visit to Green Bay . Walker and Ryan say Trump’s wo n’t attend his event . 
 Trump’s Walker Walker and Ryan 