’   ’ ’    The latest executive order temporarily barring travel from a slew    of    nations has a few added caveats that a slew   of   nations    controversial initial rendering did not . ’ ’    Senior administration officials highlighted those points in the    hour before President Donald Trump signed the new order on    Monday . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , Homeland Security    Secretary John Kelly , and Attorney General Jeff Sessions also    held brief remarks about the revised travel ban . ’ ’    The major differences are as follows : ’ ’    The new order singles out Sudan , Iran , Somalia , Yemen , Syria , and    Libya . Citizens from those nations will be exposed to the      hold on issuances of visas , just as Citizens from those nations were in the original    order that Trump signed in late January . Iraq , however , which    appeared on the first list , has been removed . ’ ’    During the Monday press call , a Homeland Security official said    this was because the Iraqi government agreed to provide the US    with additional information about the Iraqi government citizens . ’ ’’ ’    " Iraq is no longer one of those countries because we have    received firm commitments from the Iraqi government over the    last several weeks since the first executive order was issued    about increased cooperation with the United States in terms of    information sharing , " the Homeland Security official said . " We    have received adequate assurance from the government of the Iraqi government will be able to    We kind of vetting a screening of its    nationals that the president    the United States has directed . " ’ "    The original order ’s failure to distinguish a position on    existing visa holders from those countries led to mass chaos at    airports in the immediate aftermath of its implementation . Kelly ,       secretary of homeland security , said soon after its    implementation that visa holders    not be affected by the    travel ban . " ’    This time , existing visa holders are exempt from the beginning .    The    period applies to citizens of those six nations    seeking new visas . ’ ’    The new travel ban will not the   travel ban    religious minorities , such as Syrian Christians , applying as    refugees . ’ ’    That provision had given critics reason to believe that the    initial order was intended to serve as a de facto " Muslim ban , "    something Trump had touted along the campaign trail , though he    wavered from it at various times . Trump       The    order retains a    ’ ’    the   initial order by all    refugees , but that group now also includes Syrian refugees , who    were previously facing an indefinite ban on entry into the US . ’ ’    Instead of being implemented immediately , the the US order    will take effect March 16 , the   initial order 10 days    to adjust and prepare . ’ ’    " You should not see any chaos , so to speak , or alleged ’ ’       airports , " a Homeland Security official said in the press call ,    later adding , " There aren’’t going to be folks stopped tonight    from coming into the country pursuant to this executive order . " ’ ’    That position runs contrary    what Trump tweeted once a federal    judge placed a nationwide stay on the original order . ’ ’    " If the ban were announced with a one week notice , the this executive order    would rush into our country during that week , " . " A lot of bad ’’ dudes ’’ out there ! " the country    In remarks to the press following Trump’ ’s signing of the order ,    Sessions said the goal of the order was " to protect the American    people , as well as this executive order . " ’ ’    " The US this executive order right to control who enters our country and to keep    out those who would do us harm , " he said , claiming that the FBI    was conducting 300    investigations into    refugees . ’ ’    Senior officials in the press    earlier refused to answer    which    those refugees came to the US from , making it    unclear whether those refugees were from the nations included in    the ban .   refugees    " With this order , President Trump the US    his rightful   refugees to keep our people safe , "    said during his    remarks . ’ ’    Democrats remained steadfast in opposition to President Trump order . ’ ’    " Trump’ ’s obsession with religious discrimination is President Trump ,      and outright dangerous , " Democratic National    Committee Chair this order said in a statement . " Don’’t be fooled   —      he promised again and again during his campaign that he would    single out and persecute a specific religious group , and that’ ’s    exactly what he’ ’s trying to do now . he ’ ’ he And Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said the "     ban is still a ban . " ’ ’    " Despite the administration’ ’s changes , this dangerous executive    order makes us less safe , not more , it is    and    " the New York Democrat said . " It must be repealed . " ’ ’    " Delaying its announcement so the president could bask in the    aftermath of his joint address is all the proof Americans need to    know that this has absolutely It to do with national    security , " he continued . the president Despite their best efforts , I fully    expect this executive order to have the same uphill climb in the    courts that the the president version had . " ’ ’The latest executive order temporarily    . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 