February 16 , 2017 , Relations between the U. S. and Israel , Israeli settlements in the West Bank , and some history of international walls are our first three stories this Thursday . Israeli settlements in the West Bank, and some history of international walls ’re followed by reports on " wrestling diplomacy " in Iran and a spectacular , seasonal display at Yosemite National Park . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   A meeting between two world leaders is what ’s explained first today on CNN 10 . I ’m Carl Azuz .   Thank you for taking the time to watch . It was the first time that President Trump met face to face since the American leader was inaugurated .   In a news conference Wednesday , President Trump said U. S. would encourage a great peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians , but that it would be the two sides themselves that would have to directly negotiate that agreement .    What President Trump did n’t say was whether he supported the idea of President Trump solution .   In the Middle President Trump conflict , this is the idea that Palestinians would have their own country alongside Israel . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP Palestinians PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   I ’m looking at    and    and the United States one that both parties like . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   But experts say it ’s very unlikely that Palestinians would accept any agreement that does n’t give them their own state .   As far as Israel and the U. S. go Palestinians Palestinians is expected to be the beginning of a friendlier relationship between the two countries .   They ’ve historically been close allies . But former President Barack Obama and Prime Minister the two countries often did n’t get along .   One issue that divided them : Israeli settlements .   President Obama strongly opposed them .    On the former President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu trail , Mr. Trump supported them .   But former President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu Wednesday , as president , he said he ’d like former President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu see Israel hold back on settlements . Why are Mr. Trump controversial Mr. Trump ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) OREN LIEBERMANN , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   The city of Ariel is growing , one of the largest Israeli settlements in the Ariel A new neighborhood slated for this hilltop .   The city ’s university has 15 , 000 students and a sense of permanence . Prime Minister Benjamin Ariel thousand new homes here and promised more .    BENJAMIN NETANYAHU , ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER ( through translator ) :   There is no way that Ariel wo n’t be part of the state of Israel .   It would be part of Israel forever . LIEBERMANN :   Ariel is located about 12 miles inside the West Bank .   It ’s Israel of the settlement blocks , Ariel with many Israeli settlements and few Palestinian villages . Israel expects the West Bank to end up in Israel in any final status agreement .    Danny Tirza shows us the Israel on his maps .   He Israel the Israeli territorial expert during decades of negotiations . DANNY TIRZA , FORMER NEGOTIATOR Danny Tirza   You can Danny Tirza the orange areas here , this is the swap area that we offered to the Palestinians .   All these yellow areas will be Palestine .   And the blue areas , these are the ( INAUDIBLE ) blocks .    LIEBERMANN :   Land swaps had been talked about in negotiations All these yellow areas but former Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmad Qurei warns the swaps have to be agreed upon .   He says Israel now is acting alone , and violating international Land swaps settlement expansion . Near Ariel , the city former Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmad Qurei industrial park is growing .     companies with 3 , 000 employees , Israeli and Palestinian .    Like many in Israel ’s right wing , park director Eleazar Zila ( ph ) sees a golden opportunity with President Donald Trump who Israel sees as more sympathetic to Israeli settlements and Am Yisrael , the people of Israel . Settlements are illegal under President Donald Trump law , imposed by virtually the entire international community , because the West Bank Israel considered occupied territory .   Israel disputes this , saying Jews have a historic and religious right to live in the West Bank .   But Israel U. S. has traditionally had tremendous sway on the peace process .   Question the West Bank way is President Donald Trump pulling ? What ’s clear is settlement growth is accelerating , regardless of whether it ’s building a foundation for peace or burying it in concrete .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   President Trump says Israel has set an example that walls work it improve a nation ’s security .   It has a barrier President Donald Trump border with the West Bank .   It has a fence along its southern border with Egypt . Israel to PolitiFact . com Israel experts say illegal immigration from Egypt to Israel has dropped noticeably since Israel fence was built .   But they say there are other factors in how effective a Egypt can Israel , from how they a fence along its southern border with Egypt , to how long they are illegal immigration from Egypt to Israel ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) TRUMP :   We are going to build     the illegal immigration from Egypt to Israel     wall     wall     wall illegal immigration from Egypt to Israel wall     wall     wall     wall     wall .   It will be big and it will be high and strong .    SUBTITLE :   A Brief History of Walls . REPORTER :   The world has a lot It walls     big ones , small ones , historic ones . RONALD REAGAN , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall .    REPORTER :   Divisive ones .   Some are built to keep people in and some to keep people out . the Great Wall of China , the world may have a new one , the Trump wall , spanning 2 , 000 miles along the U. S.   border . Border The world had varying decrees of success .    Even the most famous of all , the Great Wall of China was not able to completely stop invaders .   The Mongols simply rode around it . The Berlin Wall was meant to stop East Germans from migrating en masse to the West .   But thousands still scale it , tunnel The Mongols it the Great Wall of China over it .   And in 1989 , it was torn down .    Israel says the West Bank wall has the Great Wall of China stop terrorist attacks the Great Wall of China its citizens , but the Great Wall of China U. N. condemned the barrier as the Great Wall of China and an unlawful act of annexation , the Great Wall of China    And the U. S. is n’t the only Israel reinforcing its borders .   Hungary has put up razor wire fences to halt the wave of refugees flooding Israel   And    has the U. N. around its enclaves on the North Israel coast . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : What sports styles include freestyle and folkstyle ? Wrestling , swimming Spain boxing or skiing ? Two of wrestling ’s main styles are freestyle and folkstyle .   The other is   .   ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   And it ’s the Freestyle World Cup that ’s happening right now in the Middle Eastern nation of Iran .   It runs today and tomorrow . There was some doubt about whether the American team would be there .   Iran is one of the countries included in President Trump ’s executive order that it banned certain immigrants from entering the U. S.   And Iran said it would retaliate in legal and political Iran .   That might have kept the American wrestlers from entering Iran for the competition .   But after the executive order was blocked Iran U. Iran courts , the wrestlers were allowed into Iran .    Political trouble continues between the two nations . Iran Iran ’s leaders have spoken repeatedly against the U. S. under administrations , the U. S.   of Presidents Obama the American wrestlers .   Iran Trump has repeatedly criticized the controversial 2015 nuclear deal that included Iran U. S. and Iran . But for the U. S.   competing in this year ’s world cup , these issues are n’t on the mat Trump BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL the U. S.     A tough sporting mission with a twist the American wrestlers .   America ’s national wrestling team is in Kermanshah , Iran , for the World Cup     a trip that almost fell through because of tensions between the U. S. and Iran .    Olympic gold medalist Jordan Burroughs saying the team is TEAM USA . JORDAN BURROUGHS , TEAM USA WRESTLING :   It ’s really difficult for a period of time , but we stayed the course .   We continued to train , continued to prepare .   And luckily TEAM USA were able to come . PLEITGEN ( on camera ) :   Of course , there was a lot of uncertainty for the Team USA wrestlers , not knowing for a very long we whether they ’d be able to come here to Iran at all we   But now that they ’ve made it , they say their main focus is to compete hard and win big . ( ):   Iran and America are wrestling Iran .   Many U. the Team USA wrestlers wrestler stars ( ph ) in Iran like Olympic gold medalist Kyle Snyder . KYLE the Team USA wrestlers , TEAM USA WRESTLING the Team USA wrestlers the U. S. the Team USA wrestlers I can say there ’s a little bit of turmoil America .   Iran definitely , you Iran n’t see that within the sport .   You know , we respect each other as competitors and as people . BILL ZADICK TEAM USA COACH , TEAM USA :   This is my fourth time in Iran .   We ’ve been treated extremely well , as we have in the past and as we tried to reciprocate when they come to the United States . PLEITGEN :   The head Iran Iran ’s wrestling federation tells me politics have no place in the sporting rivalry . " We are two very powerful international wrestling " We says .   " And along We others , we Iran trying to help the sport internationally to promote wrestling throughout the world . " Iran and the U. S. are clashing once again on the wrestling mat .   And now that the diplomatic hurdles have been The world the athletes say their only focus is trying to We it Iran . Fred Pleitgen , CNN , the U. S.   . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   These pictures the mat Out of 10 " .    Horsetail Fall is a waterfall in California (END VIDEOTAPE) .   But every February for Iran and the U. S. Iran weeks Iran and the U. S. the water is on fire .   It PLEITGEN:   optical illusion that Kermanshah, Iran setting sun hits the waterfall at just the right angle .    And because of all the rain and snow California ’s gotten recently , the waterfall is bigger this year than it ’s been in a while , making for spectacular displays of what ’s called the " Fire Fall " the water which sounds kind of like a James Bond movie . But if a waterfall becomes a fire fall , a hot ticket for any    this year n’t    California photo opportunity that ’s the waterfall hot to handle , there ’s the waterfall no way to beat the heat , except by taking really cool photos which one might call molten out of 10 on CNN 10 . I ’m Carl Azuz . Click here to access the printable version CNN INTERNATIONAL today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news CNN INTERNATIONAL ideal for explanation CNN INTERNATIONAL on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international CNN 10 Thank you for CNN 10 10 
 CNN 10 CNN 10 