  ( CNN ) Though many individuals likely contributed to the President ’s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey , one notable one may have been Roger Stone , a     close friend of Donald Trump and central figure in the FBI investigation into Donald Trump ties to Russia .   In the middle of the Watergate scandal , Stone , who engaged in dirty tricks during Richard Nixon ’s 1972 campaign , was discovered to have hired a Republican operative to infiltrate the George McGovern campaign and was subsequently fired from his George McGovern . After the President ’s resignation , Stone remained an ardent Nixon apologist and loyalist . He Stone had the man ’s face tattooed on his Stone and devoted his Stone to ruthless ,    politics ( or political consulting , as you may know it ) . Stone Stone motto was and continues to be : " Admit nothing , deny everything , launch counterattack . " And anyone who has watched Trump closely over the years would think it was his Trump slogan , too .      Stone Stone introduced to Trump Trump the 1980s by the notorious Roy Cohn . Then a Manhattan lawyer who represented several reputed mobsters , Cohn the notorious Roy Cohn become infamous in the 1950s as the chief inquisitor during Joe McCarthy ’s " Red Scare " hearings in the United States Senate . After McCarthy Joe McCarthy’s was shut down , Cohn the notorious Roy Cohn a new life as a political and legal fixer . He the notorious Roy Cohn a mentor to Stone and Trump and taught both men how to manipulate the media and bully opponents . After he the notorious Roy Cohn , they carried both men in his the notorious Roy Cohn .   In Cohn the notorious Roy Cohn absence , Stone became Stone ’s Trump adviser for many political efforts , beginning with a flirtation with a run for the White House in 1987 ( Trump even Trump a speech in New Hampshire ) . But as much as Trump may Trump appreciated Stone ’s Stone pugnaciousness , he also Trump his reservations Trump Stone traffics in conspiracy theories and misogyny ( see his disgraceful Trump about Hillary Clinton ) and has repeatedly suggested that leading political figures should be killed or kill themselves . leading political figures In 2015 , Trump called Trump a " loser " and made a show of separating himself from him . himself , in the spring of 2016 , Trump seemed Trump embrace him again himself " Roger is himself too far away from Trump , Trump a source told Dylan Byers of CNN Politics . " He ’s himself talking to Donald . " Yet another source said , " Roger and himself always Trump up finding their way Roger and Trump to each other . " In the White House , Trump has Trump to answer calls from old friends , and Stone seems to be among them . calls from old friends ago , the DailyCaller published a story with the headline , " Roger Stone Stone with President Trump Trump Reporter Kerry Picket wrote , " Republican political operative Roger Stone with President Stone Trump last Stone he had was relatively recent . "   Both CNN and Stone are now reporting that Stone has been among those urging Trump to fire Comey . Stone the President ’s longtime friend would have reason to want Comey fired . Stone is at the center of the controversy Comey Russia ’s Stone to influence the 2016 election     after tweeting a message that predicted trouble for Clinton campaign official John Podesta , whose hacked emails were then published by WikiLeaks . Stone also hinted at an " October surprise " that would Stone devastating to Clinton and said he had communicated with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange Clinton   More Stone , as he WikiLeaks subject to more scrutiny , Stone called the FBI Stone into his activities " a witch Stone . " In taking on Stone FBI directly , Stone employed his longstanding strategy of always FBI the offensive Stone Operatives Stone use this method view every conflict as a matter of survival , which justifies the use of any weapon that might be at hand . Thus , an opponent can be labeled a criminal , and crowds can be exhorted with chants of " lock her up . " No tactic is too low if you are a criminal for your life . Trump has adopted a similar approach to dealing with those who oppose him . His violent rhetoric about protesters     " I ’d like Trump punch Trump in the face "      at his campaign stops and his Trump of conspiracy theorists like Alex Jones Trump InfoWars , a Trump    radio show host , showed that he , too , was comfortable doing whatever was required to get Trump he wanted .   In addition to their aggression , Trump and Trump also share a preference for defying he, too, was comfortable doing whatever was required to get what he wanted . One reliable way to do this involves making statements that are too shocking to believe . Thus , we have Stone responding to Comey ’s firing with the comment it ’s " Stone time " and then Trump taking to Twitter to say , " Have not spoken to Trump and Stone in a long time     had nothing to do with my decision . " Stone later took to Twitter as well , saying that while he Stone n’t " urged Twitter the President to dismiss Comey , Stone supported his decision " 100 % . " Understanding this ruthless Stone approach Stone it easier to recognize what may have happened with Comey . Since    FBI investigation into Trump campaign ties to Russia Comey hitting close to home , both Trump and Stone stood to benefit from Comey ’s dismissal . And Trump campaign history of working together Comey their objectives by any means necessary , this decision fits well within an existing paradigm their With Comey ’s firing , we now have a new demonstration of the lengths Comey which these men will go to thwart their opponents . Under Stone ’s apparent influence , Trump has sacrificed the integrity of these men presidency and thrown the nation into a political crisis that may eventually rival the one provoked by Nixon ’s abuse of presidential power . As CNN contributor Jeffrey Toobin noted , Stone subscribes to " Nixonian hardball , " which includes using what others consider unethical Stone in order to win .   He and Trump have brought this style of play back to the White House . 
 