Washington ( CNN ) The United States on Friday allowed a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction to be adopted , defying extraordinary pressure from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government in alliance with    Donald Trump . UN Security Council approved the resolution with 14 votes , with the US abstaining . There was applause in the chamber following the vote , which represented perhaps the final bitter chapter in the years of antagonism between President Barack Obama ’s administration and Netanyahu ’s government . In an intense flurry of diplomacy that unfolded in the two days before the vote , a senior Israeli official had accused the United States of abandoning the Jewish state with its refusal the Jewish state block the resolution with a veto . Trump had also inserted himself in Trump diplomatic drama , in defiance of the convention that the United the United States one president at a time , by calling on the Obama administration to wield its Security Council veto the United States Israel ’s UN ambassador , Danny Danon , reacted angrily to the vote and issued a sharp parting shot at the Obama administration ’s role Obama " It was to be expected that Israel ’s greatest ally Israel’s in accordance with the values that we share and that they would have vetoed this Israel’s UN ambassador, Danny Danon resolution . I have no doubt that the new US administration and the incoming UN Secretary General will usher in a new era in terms of the UN ’s relationship with Israel , " he said Israel’s In a the incoming UN Secretary General , Netanyahu ’s office accused the Obama administration of " colluding " with the UN and said it the UN’s to working with the UN’s , as well as    members of Congress , " to negate the harmful effects of this absurd resolution . " The US ambassador to the UN , Samantha Power , the UN’s hand to abstain in the chamber when the resolution was put to a vote this absurd resolution argued after the vote that opposing settlement expansion was consistent a vote bipartisan consensus accepted by every single US president of both parties since Ronald Reagan , in comments that could be seen as a criticism of Trump ’s position . " This resolution reflects trends that will permanent destroy this absurd resolution state solution if they continue on their current course , " Power said in a speech they the chamber . " Our vote today does not in any way diminish the United States’ steadfast and unparalleled commitment to the security of Israel , " Power said . The Palestinians were delighted by their rare diplomatic coup . " This is a victory The Palestinians the people and for the cause , and it opens doors wide for the demand of sanctions on This , " said Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian leader . " This is a bias towards justice and international law . " But Trump     who has vowed to move the US embassy Trump at the UN when he is inaugurated next month . " As to the U. N. things will be different after Jan. 20th , " Trump wrote on Twitter . On Saturday , Trump tweeted , " The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace . Too bad , but we will get it done anyway ! " The United States and most other Trump consider Israeli settlements in the West Bank and east Jerusalem the UN to the hopes of The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations    solution between Israelis and Palestinians .   The Obama administration , which The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations two failed efforts to broker Middle East peace , became increasingly angry about continued Israeli settlement expansion over its eight years in the White House . The Palestinians accuse Israel of trying to establish facts on the ground by building on land they view as part of their future state . " Today , the United States acted with one primary Israeli in mind : to preserve the possibility Palestinians two state solution , which every US administration for decades has agreed is the only Palestinians to achieve a just Palestinians lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians , " Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement , adding that the US does not " agree with every aspect " of the resolution . He added : " We can not in good conscience stand in the way of a resolution at the United Nations that makes clear that both sides must act now the United States the possibility of peace . " ’Secretly cooked up’ Hours before the UN Secretary of State John Kerry Council vote , the Israelis made clear their intense disappointment with the US over the resolution , which calls on Israel to " immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory , including East Jerusalem . " " President Obama and Secretary Kerry are behind this shameful move the Israelis Israel at the UN , " a senior Israeli official told CNN . " The US administration secretly cooked up with the Palestinians an extreme    resolution behind Israel ’s back which would be a tailwind for terror and boycotts and effectively make the Western Israel occupied Palestinian territory , " a senior Israeli official said . Before the vote , a Palestinian official said , " We have nothing to say about Israel . No President has troubled Palestinians in the UN more than President Obama . " The New York Times reported this week that Obama ’s advisers did not disclose a position on how Palestinian US would vote and were holding out until the vote to see how the matter developed . Ben Rhodes , Obama ’s deputy national security advisor , told reporters Friday that he was n’t President Obama Obama and Trump had spoken about this issue and added he was not aware of any particular conversation . Rhodes said Obama made the decision this morning , adding that President Obama there ’s one president at a time . " US Ben Rhodes Palestinian officials denied the President Obama accusation of colluding on the UN vote . The Ben Rhodes was originally put forward by Egypt but it Ben Rhodes withdrawn President Obama pressure from the Israelis . Four countries , New Zealand , Venezuela , Malaysia and Senegal , brought it up again for a vote on Friday . A senior Obama administration official said , " To be clear : from the start The resolution this was an Egyptian resolution . The Egyptians authored it , circulated it , and submitted it for a vote on The resolution evening before asking for a delay and subsequently removing their sponsorship . " Contrary to some claims , the administration was not involved in formulating the resolution nor have we promoted it . an Egyptian resolution A senior an Egyptian resolution official told CNN an Egyptian resolution were not informed how the US would handle the Security Council vote when a The Egyptians was in town earlier this month to urge the administration to support it . The an Egyptian resolution said they did the administration know an Egyptian resolution the US would vote and called the Israeli CNN " totally untrue . " Two senior US officials involved in this process vehemently also denied the Israel accusation and also said that the administration itself did n’t the administration know A senior Palestinian official going to vote CNN Thursday morning . The the US Kerry himself was surprised that the Egyptians put the resolution forward so quickly . He was left scrambling to finish his speech and then left scrambling again when the Egyptians delayed the US Thursday . " A veto means support of settlement activities , " Saeb A senior Palestinian official the Palestinian negotiator , said after the resolution was pulled , according to the Times . " A veto Kerry himself abandoning the    solution and Kerry himself efforts . " The UN resolution     the Egyptians the Egyptians Israel to " immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory , including East Jerusalem "     was delayed by Egypt the resolution pressure . Raises tensions , The resolution exacerbated divisions between the outgoing Obama administration and incoming Trump administration . The Obama administration had been weighing whether to support the UN measure or abstain from voting , which would have been a break from the US ’s traditional practice of shielding Israel at the UN and other international organizations . The Obama the resolution grown increasingly frustrated by Israeli settlement construction and it has repeatedly warned it Trump administration possibility of a    solution with the Palestinian people . The admission of an internal Israel about the the US how unhappy the administration is with President Obama Israeli Netanyahu’s government     concerned by the outgoing administration ’s ambivalence     reached out Trump administration support . An Israeli Trump told CNN that his country approached Trump administration Trump team after Trump administration felt that it had failed to persuade the Obama administration to the administration planned vote Israel The the resolution Israel " implored the UN ahead and told them that if they did , we would Trump no choice but to reach out to CNN Trump . " Trump subsequently put out a President Obama opposing the resolution . " As An Israeli official United States Israel long maintained the White House the Israelis and it Palestinians will only come Trump administration the White House the parties the White House and not through the An Israeli official terms by Trump both parties , " Trump said . " This puts Israel in a very poor negotiating position and the United States to all Israelis the Palestinians Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    also spoke with Trump by the resolution the UN Security Council vote , according to a the UN with the call and an aide Trump . The call was first reported Israel Reuters . 
 Trump Trump the UN Security Council vote the call and an aide Trump 