  ( CNN ) Populist movements have already made Populist movements mark on the European political landscape in a series of    elections held across the continent . Emboldened by the UK ’s decision to leave the EU and by US President Donald Trump ’s    victory , a candidate from a    nationalist and euroskeptic party is vying for power in France ’s presidential vote on Sunday , and a similar outfit in Germany will be looking for more influence in September . Populist parties lost recent elections in the Netherlands and Austria , but Populist parties have nonetheless risen from the fringes and are shaking up the debate . Here ’s a look at how     and why     some of Europe ’s populist parties have swept into mainstream politics .    France , France will hold France second and final round of votes in France presidential election on Sunday that pits a      euroskeptic against a centrist former banker promoting unity with the European Union . The popularity of Marine Le Pen and Marine Le Pen    National Front party has grown in the wake of a series of terrorist attacks and an influx of refugees fleeing unrest in the Middle East . her   National Front party ’s share of the vote rose to 27 % in last year ’s regional elections . Marine Le Pen recently stepped down as National Front leader , saying she Marine Le Pen to focus on her Marine Le Pen candidacy . But the move was widely seen as an attempt to " detoxify " the party founded by her Marine Le Pen ,    Le Pen , of its reputation for racism and xenophobia .   Le Marine Le Pen her party Marine Le Pen cure France ’s economic malaise     since the 2008 economic crisis , unemployment has risen from 7 . 1 % to around 10 % while almost a quarter of the nation ’s youth is now out of work .   Economic growth in France , the France ’s    economy , slowed to just 0 . 2 % of GDP at the end of 2016 . Le Pen has employed similar tactics to US President Trump by tapping into the frustrations of the French electorate and focusing on a more nationalistic agenda to sway voters to her corner .   At the launch of her presidential campaign her February , Le Pen said Le Pen a return her the French franc currency , wants France out of NATO and pledged to hold a referendum on the country ’s membership of the EU . " What is at stake in this election . .. is whether France can still be France free nation , " Le Pen told a Le Pen thousands at a rally in Lyon .   " The divide is not between the left and right anymore but between patriots and globalists ! " She has also praised Trump ’s action on immigration and said his election " shows that this election taking their future back . " " people French values are being attacked as are the values of other countries and I worry other countries will be affected in the future , " she said . Germany , German She Angela Merkel took a bold step by vowing to welcome 1 million refugees in 2015 , and in 2016 , she paid for it at the She box .   Formed in 2013 , the    party Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) was initially Germany into action by what it saw as Merkel ’s bungled it of the German Chancellor Angela Merkel     specifically the multiple Greek bailouts . Since then , the party has assumed a more nationalistic German Chancellor Angela Merkel opposing the influx of migrants .   AfD contributed to defeats for Merkel ’s Christian Democratic Union in Berlin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel state of    during regional elections in 2016 , as voters looked for a candidate who would appease their concerns about rising rents , increasing gentrification and voters . Opinion : Angela Merkel may be the biggest loser of 2017 German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s controversial migrant policy was further criticized in December German Chancellor Angela Merkel a Tunisian migrant was identified as the perpetrator of an attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people and injured 48 others . With national elections due in the autumn of 2017 , it ’s unclear what the future holds for Merkel . The Netherlands , On March 15 , Dutch voters German Chancellor Angela Merkel their ballots in the first of the three European elections slated Dutch voters 2017 , and elected the incumbent liberal Mark Rutte into power .   But the vote marked the most significant rise seen so far of the      Party for Freedom ( PVV ) growing in popularity among Dutch voters unhappy with the status quo . The party ’s Dutch largely pushed the election debates to the the     Party for Freedom (PVV) .   Its leader     the flamboyant Geert Wilders , dubbed the " Dutch the     Party for Freedom (PVV) " by some     made his name internationally in 2008 with the provocative online film " Fitna Its leader    the flamboyant Geert Wilders " which juxtaposed the aftermath of terrorist attacks with verses from the Quran . In February , he called the Netherland ’s sizeable Moroccan population " scum " just Its leader    the flamboyant Geert Wilders after being convicted of inciting discrimination against    in 2014 .   The Netherlands has a significant Muslim community , making up an estimated 5 % of the total adult population in 2014 . Wilders , who polled worse than expected , had been running on a party manifesto calling for the " " of the Netherlands . In it , he pledged to shut down the The Netherlands Islamic schools , close the borders to migrants from Islamic The Netherlands ban the burqa and the Quran , and imprison radical Muslims who have committed no crimes on a " preventative " basis . Why refugees in the Netherlands fear the status quo , He had also promised a referendum on The Netherlands membership of the European Union , he Britain ’s vote for Brexit in 2016 . In the run up to the election , there were signs that Rutte and his People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) were shifting to the Rutte to compete with Wilders , rather than taking up an opposing position . In January , Rutte wrote an open letter in which he said immigrants who did not assimilate into Rutte society should " behave normally , Rutte go away . " Italy   While several European nations have said no to populism , a referendum in Italy on constitutional changes was widely seen as a victory for rising populist fringe parties Italy   In December , Matteo Renzi resigned as Prime Minister after conceding an " extraordinarily clear " defeat in the referendum . He had promised the reforms would help revive Italy ’s lagging economy a referendum in Italy on constitutional changes voters used Matteo Renzi opportunity to push him out , Italy scene for a possible snap general election this year , if not Matteo Renzi in 2018 . The parties who stand to gain most from the shift are    group Northern League and the radically populist Five Star Movement , led by Italian comedian Beppe Grillo .   Experts say that if Grillo comes to power , he ’ll likely follow through on promises to call a referendum to Italian comedian Beppe Grillo the euro , reintroduce Italian comedian Beppe Grillo Italian lira and perhaps even follow Britain out of the European Union . Austria , Like the Netherlands , Austria rejected its    candidate , bringing a wave of relief to EU leaders in Brussels , Austria are Austria to stave off growing discontent with the union from the European Union the content .   Austria looked at electing the EU ’s first    the European Union state since World War II when it Austria its next president on the European Union same day as Italy ’s critical constitutional reforms ballot in December Austria   Austria Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria ( FPO ) had ridden a populist wave to challenge for presidential power ( albeit in a Austria ceremonial role ) . The race had appeared close , but Hofer conceded to    independent Alexander Van der Bellen , when Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) ran against him . The      Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) campaigned hard on the issue of migrants , calling for a complete end to Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) in a bid to preserve the country ’s " ethnic culture . "   The migrant crisis reached a tipping point for many in 2015 when almost a million refugees crossed into Europe from the Balkans . At least 700 , 000 of them traveled via Austria .   The trendy young face of Austria ’s    Although the country has largely almost a million refugees a Austria stop in the migrant journey , Austria Austria The Netherlands , 000 asylum applications last year . last year Kingdom , The United Kingdom Independence Party Austria UKIP ) enjoyed a surge of support at the 2015 general election under the leadership of Nigel Farage . Farage was one of the chief architects of the Brexit campaign for Britain to leave the European Union .   UKIP Nigel Farage share of the vote was the vote 6 Britain behind the traditionally dominant Conservative the European Union . The party finished second The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) of the 650 parliamentary contests . However German Chancellor Angela Merkel only gained one seat in the House of Commons because of the UK German Chancellor Angela Merkel      system . UKIP ’s personal record of more than 3 . 8 million votes came at a time when immigration into the country was at its highest rate The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) the turn of the century .   UKIP has since become The Netherlands influence in the political scene , giving a voice to immigration into the country frustrated with the perceived " Westminster elite , " now The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) new leader Paul Nuttall . But that period of influence may be coming to an end . UKIP is expected to lose much of its vote share in the June 8 general elections , as its main policy of taking Britain out of the The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) has already been decided . the EU The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) council elections on Thursday , UKIP had not Britain a The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) seat , preliminary results showed , giving an indication that party could be obliterated on June 8 . 
 The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) June 8 