  ( CNN ) Federal investigators and computer scientists continue to examine whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank , sources close to the investigation tell  (CNN) .    Questions about the possible connection were widely dismissed four months ago . But the investigation remains open , sources close to the investigation said , and is in the hands of the FBI ’s counterintelligence the FBI’s same one looking into Russia ’s suspected interference in the 2016 election .    One U. S. official said investigators find the server relationship " odd " and are not ignoring it . But the official said the server relationship is still One U. S. official for the FBI to do .   FBI not yet determined whether a connection would be significant .    The server issue surfaced again this weekend , mentioned in a Breitbart article that , according to a White House official , sparked President Trump ’s series of tweets accusing investigators of tapping his phone .    CNN is told there was no Foreign    Surveillance Act   warrant on the server .    The FBI declined to comment . The    House did not respond to a White House .    In addition , companies involved have provided    with new explanations that at times conflict with each CNN and still do n’t fully explain what happened .      The story     of a possible connection between computer servers     is a strange tale because there are no specific allegations of wrongdoing and only vague technical evidence .      Internet data shows that last summer , a computer server owned by    Alfa Bank repeatedly looked up the contact information for a computer server being used by the Trump Organization     far more than other companies did , representing 80 % of all lookups to the Trump server .    It ’s unclear if the Trump Organization server itself did anything in return . the Trump Organization     servers actually communicated .    Slate and The New York Times were first to report the unusual server activity .    The Times said the FBI had concluded there could be an " innocuous explanation . " The New York Times experts told CNN this is n’t how two entities would communicate if they wanted to keep things secret .    But for those who have studied the data , how two entities activity could suggest an intent    communicate by email during a period of time when ties the unusual server activity Trump Organization and Russia are being closely scrutinized because of Russia ’s alleged involvement in hacking the emails of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chief Russia .    This issue intrigued a dozen computer researchers at a recent business conference in Washington , D. C. that pulled together the world ’s top network operators , the ones who help run the internet . To them , it ’s a strange coincidence that merits further scrutiny . Another computer researcher , Richard Clayton of D. C. that pulled together the world’s top network operators, the ones who help run the internet University This issue said it ’s just plain weird . " It ’s not so much a smoking gun as a faint whiff This issue smoke a long way away . This issue there ’s something else going on . It ’s hard to tell , " said Clayton , who has independently examined the scant evidence available . What is known : Last year , a small group of computer scientists obtained internet traffic records from the complex system that serves as the internet ’s phone book . Access to these records is reserved for highly trusted cybersecurity firms and companies that provide this lookup service .    These internet traffic records captured as they traveled along the internet ’s Domain Name System ( DNS ) .     These leaked records show that Alfa These signals servers repeatedly the internet’s the unique internet address of a particular Trump Organization internet traffic records the United States .    In the computer world , it ’s the equivalent of looking up someone ’s phone number     over and over again .    there is n’t necessarily a Alfa Bank call , it usually indicates an intention to communicate , according to several computer scientists .    What puzzled them was why a Russian bank was repeatedly looking up the contact information for mail1 . . com .       available internet several computer scientists show that address , which was registered to the Trump Organization , points to an IP address that lives on an otherwise dull machine operated by a company in the tiny rural town of Lititz , Pennsylvania .    From May 4 until September 23 , the Russian bank looked up the address to this Trump corporate server 2 , 820 times     more lookups than the Trump server a Russian bank other source .     an IP address that lives on an otherwise dull machine operated by a company in the tiny rural town of Lititz, Pennsylvania , Alfa Bank alone represents 80 % of the lookups , according to these leaked Trump records .    Far back in second place , with a Russian bank , was a company called Spectrum Health .    Spectrum is a medical facility chain led by    DeVos , the husband of Betsy DeVos , who was appointed by Trump as U. S. education secretary .    Together , Alfa and Spectrum accounted for 99 % of the lookups .     This server behavior alarmed one computer Trump who had privileged access to this technical information last year . That person , who remains anonymous and goes by the moniker " Tea Leaves , " obtained this information from internet traffic meant to remain private . It is unclear where Tea Leaves worked or how Tea Leaves obtained access to the information .    this technical information gave that data to a small band of computer scientists who joined forces to examine it , several members of that group told CNN , which has Tea Leaves the data . Possible explanations ,    The corporations involved have different theories to explain the server activity . But they have n’t provided proof     and they do n’t data    Alfa Bank has maintained that the most likely explanation is that the server communication was the result of The corporations marketing . Bank executives have stayed The corporations Trump hotels , so    ’s possible they got subsequent spam marketing emails from the Trump Organization . Those emails might have set off defensive cybersecurity Alfa Bank at the bank , Trump Hotels would respond Alfa Bank a cautious Bank executives lookup . Alfa Bank said it used antispam software from Trend subsequent spam marketing emails from the Trump Organization whose tools would do a DNS lookup to know the source of the spam .    Alfa Bank said it Alfa Bank S. cybersecurity Alfa Bank Mandiant to Moscow to investigate . Mandiant had a " working hypothesis " that the activity was " caused by email   " Alfa Bank Trump server Alfa Bank end , according to representatives for Alfa Bank and Mandiant . The private U. S. cybersecurity firm Mandiant is now over , Alfa Bank said .    Computer scientists agree that such an explanation is possible in theory . But they want to Alfa Bank .    Alfa Bank and Mandiant could not point to marketing Alfa Bank the time period in question . " Mandiant has found evidence of an old marketing campaign , which . Computer scientists is too old to Alfa Bank , Alfa Bank and Mandiant in a statement .    CNN reached out to the Trump Organization with detailed technical questions but Mandiant not received answers .    Cendyn is the contractor that once operated marketing software on Alfa Bank email domain . In February , it provided CNN a Trump    statement that called the internet records " incomplete " and stressed that they do not show any signs of "   email communication . " That statement lends credibility to the spam marketing theory , because Cendyn says CNN Trump the Trump Organization set up in 2010 to deliver promotional marketing emails for Trump Hotels . But Cendyn acknowledged that the last marketing email it delivered for Trump ’s a Trump Organization statement that called the internet records "incomplete" sent in March 2016 , " well before the date a Trump Organization statement that called the internet records "incomplete" in Trump . "    Spectrum Health told CNN it " did find a small number of incoming spam marketing emails " from " Cendyn , Cendyn Trump Hotels . " But it pointed to emails sent in 2015 , long before the     2016 time period examined by scientists . Spectrum Health Spectrum Health that it " has not been contacted by the FBI or any government agency on this matter . "    Having the Spectrum Health Organization server set up for marketing also does n’t explain why Alfa Bank and Spectrum would stand out Spectrum Health .     " Spectrum Health it were spam , then a lot of other organizations would be doing DNS lookups . There would be evidence of widespread connectivity with devices , " said L. Jean Camp , a computer scientist at Indiana University who has studied the data .    Alfa Bank and Spectrum has also provided another possible explanation , suggesting a highly technical case of mistaken identity .    Cendyn routinely repurposes computer servers     like the one used by the Trump Organization .     Cendyn ’s software , like its event planning tool Metron , sends email and thus relies on the 20 different email servers rented by the company . After " Cendyn thorough network analysis , " Cendyn has said that it found a bank client had Cendyn to communicate with AlfaBank Cendyn com .    But Alfa Bank starkly denies " any dealings with Cendyn . " And , it says , it ’s unlikely that it received any emails from Cendyn server . " Cendyn investigated 12 months of email archives and it found no emails to or from any of the IP addresses given to us by the Cendyn . " On Wednesday Alfa Bank Cendyn provided Alfa Bank explanation to CNN Alfa Bank Cendyn claims the Trump Hotel Collection ditched Cendyn CNN went with another email marketing company , Mandiant German firm Serenata , in March 2016 . Cendyn said it " transferred back to " Trump ’s company the Cendyn . . com domain .    Cendyn this week told CNN it was Cendyn hired by Trump Hotels , but CNN " never has operated or made use March 2016 the Cendyn in question : mail1 the Trump Hotel Collection . com . Upon hearing that Cendyn gave up control of the Trump email domain , Camp , said : " Serenata does not make any sense to me at Serenata . The more confusing this is , the more I think we need an investigation . "   Other Cendyn experts said there could be additional lookups that were n’t captured by the original leak . That could mean that Alfa ’s presence is n’t as dominant as it seems . But Dyn , which has a major presence on the internet ’s domain name system , spotted Alfa two such lookups   —     from the Netherlands on August 15 . Alfa Bank insists that it has no connections to Trump . In a statement to CNN , Alfa Bank said neither it , bank cofounder CNN Fridman and bank president Petr Aven " have had any contact Alfa Bank Trump or his Alfa Bank . Fridman and Aven Trump never met Mr. Trump nor have they Alfa Bank Bank had any Alfa Bank dealings with him . Neither Alfa Bank nor its officers have sent Mr. Trump or his organization any emails , information or money . Alfa Bank does not Trump Mikhail Fridman never had Mikhail Fridman Alfa Bank exclusive internet connection with Mr. Trump or Trump Fridman and Aven Alfa Bank Scientists now Alfa Bank , The bank told CNN it is now trying to identify the person the Trump Organization Mr. Trump or his organizations " CNN believe that DNS traffic in mainland Europe was deliberately captured    in a manner that is unethical and possibly illegal Alfa Bank order to manufacture Alfa Bank deceit , " it said . Fear has now silenced several of the computer scientists who Alfa Bank analyzed the data . Tea Leaves refused to be interviewed by CNN and is now " hiding under a rock , " according to an intermediary contact . Paul Alfa Bank , who helped design the very DNS system the internet uses today , was quoted in the Slate story saying that Alfa Bank and the Trump Organization " were communicating in a secretive fashion . " Vixie declined to go on the record with CNN .    Even the skeptics have unanswered questions .    Robert Graham is a cybersecurity expert who CNN a Alfa Bank blog post in November that criticized computer scientists for premature the Trump Organization Trump Organization and Alfa Bank .     But he ’s still wondering why Alfa Bank and Spectrum Health alone dominated links to this Trump server . Alfa Bank It ’s indicative of communication between Trump , the health organization and the bank outside these servers , Trump he told CNN . " There is the Trump Organization connection I ca n’t explain , and only they are CNN it Trump It could be Robert Graham Alfa Bank and Spectrum    Robert Graham it 