Washington ( CNN ) Vacation ’s over . After a    escape to Palm Springs and the British Virgin Islands , Barack and Michelle Obama are back in Washington , where Barack and Michelle Obama will begin to settle into the    House life .    While most former presidents depart Washington when most former presidents take most former presidents final flight aboard Air Force One , the Obamas are opting to stay in the District as daughter Sasha , 15 , finishes up at Sidwell Friends School .   the Obamas ’re renting an     brick Tudor home in DC ’s posh Kalorama neighborhood , where neighbors include a former congressman , the French ambassador and Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner . Built in 1928 , an    brick Tudor home in DC has nine bedrooms , a generous living room and dining room , a finished downstairs family    room , and an    suite . Movers were spotted unloading boxes of the first family ’s belongings into the new home just before Inauguration Day . The former President is expected to write a book and begin work on the Obama Foundation , working from office space inside the headquarters of the World Wildlife Fund . But he The former President the former first lady will suddenly have a lot more free time on their he and the former first lady .   Where will Washingtonians catch a glimpse of DC ’s most    private citizens ? Some ideas : Around the neighborhood , Kalorama is primarily residential , but it Kalorama just steps away from DC DC Woodley Park , Adams Morgan , Dupont Circle and Georgetown neighborhoods filled with cozy local restaurants and coffee shops .   Michelle Obama was spotted brunching at Open City in 2014 , a spot serving breakfast all day and coffee with a side of animal crackers .   One top priority for the former first lady in her Michelle Obama life ? Errands .   " I want to go to Target ! " she Michelle Obama to Stephen Colbert in 2015 . The former first lady , who called herself Michelle Obama more of a Target shopper " in 2008 , was spotted shopping at a suburban Target in 2011 . DC ’s Columbia Heights location is less than two miles from her Michelle Obama abode , but there are multiple options in Northern Virginia for her Michelle Obama desires .   Looking for a fun family activity ? The first family participated in an " escape room " challenge while on vacation in Hawaii . If they The first family looking to replicate that experience , The Great Escape Room DC is in nearby Dupont Circle .   And do n’t forget the former first pets : They the former first pets n’t have a South Lawn to roam around anymore . Will Bo and Sunny go to Mitchell Park , just a    stroll from their Bo and Sunny home ?   José Andrés restaurants   The Obamas are big fans of DC chef José José Andrés his restaurants . The former President awarded Andrés the 2015 National Humanities Medal during a    legal battle with    Donald Trump over pulling his restaurant The former President of the Trump International Hotel DC . Andrés was José Andrés arriving at the White House in January for the couple ’s last big bash while in office .   Obama loves the guacamole at Oyamel Cocina Mexicana , and Mrs. Obama Obama at his Mediterranean spot Obama Zaytinya , where she reportedly enjoys Obama sprouts and dirty martinis . They celebrated Valentine his Mediterranean spot, Zaytinya, where she reportedly enjoys brussel sprouts and dirty martinis Day at Minibar in 2013 .   Maybe they ’ll drop his Mediterranean spot, Zaytinya, where she reportedly enjoys brussel sprouts and dirty martinis Beefsteak , his fast casual Obama spot one mile from their home , his Mediterranean spot, Zaytinya, where she reportedly enjoys brussel sprouts and dirty martinis some takeout .   Boutique exercise studios , Want Michelle Obama arms ? You better work . The former first lady is said to be a fan of [ solidcore ] a    toning workout using a    tension machine called " Sweatlana . " There are five locations in DC . She also has The former first lady known to get her cardio fix The former first lady SoulCycle ’s four locations , and was often spotted by    Washingtonians coming and going from class . She has also The former first lady arranged her own private The former first lady outside normal class hours . The golf course , Obama played over 300 rounds of golf as president , and there ’s no doubt he ’ll keep Obama his hobby . Obama ’s unclear whether he will join Obama club , but the Woodmont Country Club in Rockville , Maryland , where he played multiple Obama , has extended the Obamas an invitation .   " Barack Obama can play golf anywhere he wants to Barack Obama , " a source with knowledge told CNN , adding that he ’s not Barack Obama a rush to formally lock down a membership . " I do n’t think he ’s spent Barack Obama time on this . " In the meantime , he may also Barack Obama seen at other courses he ’s golfed Barack Obama in the area : the course at Andrews Air Force Base , Fort Belvoir ’s course in Virginia , and TPC Potomac Golf Club and Columbia Country Club in Maryland . Giving back   While in office , the Obamas participated in numerous service projects , and it ’s likely the Obamas community involvement the Obamas continue . The first couple stopped by a local elementary school to plant a garden and deliver books on one of their final days The first couple office . They have handed The first couple groceries at Martha ’s Table , a local food pantry . Michelle Obama once joined second lady Jill Biden and congressional spouses at the Capitol Area Food Bank . And they ’ve served The first couple dinner every year , including to veterans at the Armed Forces Retirement Home and to the homeless at DC ’s Friendship Place . 
 