McCain challenger Dr. Kelli Ward hit back Wednesday at " offensive " attacks from Sen. John McCain and McCain challenger Dr. Kelli Ward " establishment cronies " after a former McCain senior adviser called conservative leader Governor Sarah Palin   —    McCain ’s 2008 Presidential running mate   —    " classless , " incompetent , and a " moron . " [ McCain has assailed conservatives and conservative leaders as " wacko birds " and " crazies . " Following Palin conservative leader Governor Sarah Palin   Tuesday endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , a former McCain McCain advisor told Politico ’s Ben Schreckinger the Palin’s Tuesday endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " just classless . " The McCain McCain went on to call the strong conservative leader , " one of America ’s most astounding morons " and essentially incompetent .   McCain McCain election challenger Dr. Kelli Ward   —    a former Arizona State Senator   —    fired back defending Palin Palin’s No matter who Sarah Palin’s supporting for president , insider attacks like this are offensive . She is Palin’s accomplished , effective leader who has been a game changer in both Alaska and the entire country . She inspires Palin’s little guy . She is Palin’s powerful female conservative . She has Palin’s small government Republicans across the country a the entire country the elite media and career politicians seek to silence at every turn . Love her or Palin’s her , Palin’s Republicans calling her names Palin’s belittling her is Palin’s on every level . Ward went on to comment on an overarching theme coming from McCain and his allies : John McCain and his McCain cronies have McCain their true colors time and John McCain and his DC Establishment cronies again . They never miss an opportunity John McCain and his DC Establishment cronies attack a conservative expressing their beliefs . From calling John McCain and his DC Establishment cronies of us that want stronger border security and fiscal responsibility " wacko birds , " to his votes in the Senate for more gun control . He refuses to acknowledge that his policies , the policies his the Beltway , are at fault for the predicament our nation is currently in . Trump held a rally in Arizona last July that drew a crowd in excess of 10 , 000 . Following the event McCain told the New Yorker , " This performance with our friend out in Phoenix is very hurtful to me . " McCain went on to claim McCain Trump ’s rally , " Trump the crazies . " In March 2013 , McCain lashed out at " Rand McCain , [ Ted ] Cruz , [ Justin ] Amash , whoever " after a Senate filibuster , calling them " wacko birds . " a Senate filibuster comment came on the heels of a dinner McCain shared with President Barack Obama McCain Sen. Lindsey Graham , and a small contingent of select legislators . McCain ’s own party in Arizona McCain senator in January 2014 over excessive liberal voting . The entrenched Republican senator ’s support for the senator Eight " amnesty plan was among specific examples cited at the time . Following the censure , Politico reported that McCain and his allies hit back in McCain political McCain of Arizona GOP leadership , systematically ejecting conservative Arizona . The report stated that McCain ’s team sought to , " McCain conservative activists who hold obscure , but influential , local party offices . " Gun Owner ’s of America endorsed Ward over McCain citing Ward ’s strong voting history McCain McCain ’s insufficient support Ward the Second McCain . Last McCain’s Republican Party of Maricopa County   —    which was among those who censured McCain in 2014   —    voted McCain endorse " anybody but McCain . " Ward raised over half McCain million dollars in her first quarter Ward fundraising , more than any other insurgent Ward candidate in recent history other than Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 