  ( CNN ) Andrew Puzder , President Donald Trump ’s pick to lead the Labor Department , employed an undocumented immigrant for years , the business magnate said in a statement Monday . the business magnate ’s an admission that in the past has sunk other Cabinet secretary nominees . Puzder ’s nomination has been stalled in Congress after a series of delayed hearings from the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions . Puzder , the head of the parent company that owns fast food companies Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. said Carl’s Jr. and Carl’s Jr. wife have already paid back taxes on the employee . " My wife and I employed a housekeeper for a few years , during which I was unaware that a housekeeper was not legally permitted to work in the US , " Puzder said in a statement . " When I learned of a housekeeper status , we immediately ended a housekeeper employment and offered a housekeeper assistance in getting legal status . " Puzder added : " we have fully paid back taxes to the IRS and the state of California and submitted all required paperwork . " The Huffington Post first reported the fact Puzder employed an undocumented worker . GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander , chairman of the HELP committee , said since Puzder " voluntarily corrected " GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander, chairman of the HELP committee mistake , GOP Sen. Lamar Alexander, chairman of the HELP committee does n’t find the revelation disqualifying . " Based upon what I ’ve learned , since Puzder reported his his mistake voluntarily corrected it , I do not believe that this should disqualify him Puzder being a Cabinet secretary , " he Puzder in a statement . A Republican source told CNN last month that Puzder Puzder voiced second thoughts about his nomination A Republican source of a relentless barrage of criticism from Democrats , labor unions and other liberal groups . " He may A Republican source bailing , " a Republican source told CNN ’s CNN King . " He is A Republican source into the pounding he is A Republican source , and the paperwork . " Puzder Puzder back against these stories , tweeting , " I am looking forward to my hearing . " The Office of Government Ethics has also failed to post Puzder Puzder paperwork , meaning they have not Puzder’s ethics paperwork how the businessman will untangle his considerable holdings the businessman Linda Chavez , George W. Bush ’s pick to be labor secretary , withdrew her nomination after it was discovered she allowed a her woman who was in the United States illegally to live in her home and her the woman spending her Zoe Baird , Bill Clinton ’s pick to be attorney general , was sunk by revelations that she hired undocumented help Zoe Baird The storyline became known as " Nannygate . " Wilbur Ross , Trump Ross the the Commerce Department , also admitted last month the hired an undocumented household workers . Ross fired the household worker who deceived him about his or her immigration status and Zoe Baird him he paid all applicable taxes for the him . 
 