From author T. A. Frank , an    liberal , in the    pages of Vanity Fair :   We ’ve reached a strange place . After the Republican Party ’s      search to find alternatives to Donald Trump —   even taking aim at Donald Trump —   own    in Tuesday ’s rebuttal to the State of the Union address —   the buyer keeps saying the same thing : Yeah , the one you hate most ? I ’ll take the one you hate most . Barring unexpected death , the G. O. P. primaries must end in either a Donald Trump victory or a Donald Trump defeat . the G. O. P. primaries ’s a bit like contemplating whether or not there ’s life somewhere in outer space . Either possibility is hard to grasp . Yet one must be true . The intellectual groundwork for Donald Trump campaign , and the Republican civil war that he has unleashed , was laid without much notice in an unlikely place . In the summer of 2013 , Alabama senator Jeff Sessions noted that passing immigration reform , at least as Washington understood the term , would be an unmitigated disaster . " Now is the time to speak directly to the real and legitimate concerns of millions of hurting Americans whose wages have declined and whose job prospects have grown only bleaker , " he wrote in a memo to his he . " This humble and honest populism . . . would open the ears of millions who have turned away from our party . Of course , such a clear and honest message would require saying ‘ no’ to certain business demands and powerful interests who shaped the immigration bill in the Senate . " As it turned out , Sessions was right about the audience for his he . What he he did n’t guess —   what nobody guessed —   was that the populism would be catalyzed by a member of the 1 percent of the 1 percent of the 1 percent . And that the messenger might not be super concerned about the " humble " bit . There ’s a lot to say about what strains of American political tradition best explain the rise of Trump , and answers will differ . ( Do n’t miss a learned one from John Judis in National Journal . ) Trump Trump on many fronts less extreme than his Trump , but he Trump without doubt a radical . And he Trump irrevocably changed the course of our politics . If Trump Trump the primaries , he Trump the new face of the Republican Party . This means a repudiation of a    consensus in support of free trade , generous immigration , and even more generous military intervention . On all of these issues , much of Republican the Republican Party far closer to Hillary Clinton than to Donald Trump Read the rest here . 
 