’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s transition team did not believe former national    security adviser Michael Flynn appreciated the risks of former national   security adviser Michael Flynn communications with Russia ahead of   Donald Trump inauguration ,     on Friday . " ’    Flynn had former national   security adviser Michael Flynn been warned about contacts he had former national   security adviser Michael Flynn    Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak   —    communications that were    certain to have been monitored by US intelligence agencies ,    according    US officials cited by The Post . ’ ’    The Trump transition teams apparently deemed the matter serious    enough    ask the Obama administration for a classified CIA    report on Kislyak to share with Flynn . ’ ’    " The document was delivered within days , officials said , but it    The document    clear that Flynn ever Flynn it , The document The Post’ ’s Greg Miller and    Adam Entous wrote . ’ "    Those warnings from the Trump transition team ’s national security    staff to Flynn came Flynn month before Flynn was Flynn on    recordings discussing newly issued US sanctions against Russia ,    The Post reported . The Obama administration had leveled those    sanctions in response to Russia ’s Russia in the US presidential    election . " ’’ "    Just 24 days into his job as Trump ’s national security adviser ,     for misleading Trump    Trump about his communications his Kislyak . " "    Flynn is just one piece of a growing puzzle in a      investigation of ties between Russia and people in Trump ’s orbit Trump’s A bipartisan inquiry is underway in the House and Senate , and the    FBI is also investigating . Former Deputy Attorney General Sally    Yates warned the White House in January that Flynn might be at    risk of Russian    ,   published this week . " "    Yates   that same Yates    defying the president ’s controversial travel ban . " ’ to discuss warnings about Flynn that she gave to Flynn the Flynn House . She the White House House Counsel Don Flynn McGahn that the White House " serious concerns " about Flynn Flynn but Flynn was    not asked Flynn resign until Flynn 13 , at least two weeks after    Yates visited the White House . ’ " Donald Trump the White House did not believe . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 