When Donald J. Trump said last fall that Donald J. Trump would consider making Muslims in the United States carry special identification cards , Tayyib Rashid reached into Tayyib Rashid wallet and pulled out Tayyib Rashid military ID , then posted a picture of it online , adding : " Hey @realDonaldTrump , I ’m an American Muslim and I already carry a special ID badge . Where ’s yours ? " Now , Mr. Rashid , who served five years in the Marine Corps and worked in avionics , deploying three times , has been outraged again by Mr. Trump . This time it is because of the Republican presidential candidate ’s disparaging comments about Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the parents of Mr. Rashid proposed policies toward Muslims at the Democratic National Convention . The episode " brought tears to my eyes , " Mr. Rashid said . " These are people who sacrificed their own child , their own blood . " But , he said , his anger is These by his own These in the military , where people Mr. Rashid overwhelmingly accepting Mr. Rashid supportive . " I Mr. Rashid nothing but love and camaraderie from all the Marines I served with , " said Mr. Rashid , who joined the Marines in 1997 . " I was often the first Muslim many of them had ever met , but there was no racism , no bigotry . It does n’t Muslim matter your faith : We were all Marines first . " Still , as Mr. Rashid acknowledges , Muslims in the military face numerous challenges . For one , 15 years of war in Muslim countries has made serving in the military a cultural minefield . Among some    soldiers , Islam itself , not extremism , is often seen as the problem . In interviews , Muslim soldiers said they had all encountered at one time or another what one called " knucklehead " comments equating Muslim soldiers with terrorists . Things got worse after 13 people were killed at Fort Hood in 2009 Muslim soldiers a Muslim Army psychiatrist who said the United States’ wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were wars against all Muslims . Other problems come from the cultural barriers , like a ban on facial hair , and dealing with military food that is often rife with pork , forbidden by Islam . Few bases have Muslim prayer services , and only five of the Army ’s roughly 2 , 900 chaplains are imams . " It can be challenging , Muslim Army Mr. Rashid , whose family moved from Pakistan when he was 10 . " The nature of military service is not very conducive to practicing your faith , but Islam is flexible . " " I am here as an American , " he added . " Islam benefit from the liberty and opportunity of this country , and it is he obligation to serve this nation in some way . " Thousands of Muslims have served in the military since at least this country War , but they make up a disproportionately small portion of the force . Just 3 , 939 troops currently list their Thousands of Muslims as Islam , according to Pentagon data . They make up just 0 . 3 percent of 939 troops military Muslims are estimated to make up about 1 939 troops of the civilian population . Their numbers are so few that some go most of their career without meeting another Muslim in uniform . 939 troops Europe , some countries have made moves to encourage 939 troops to enlist . The British Army , which has similarly low participation among Muslims , two years ago launched a recruiting initiative , the Armed Forces Muslim Forum . The armed forces allow fasting during Ramadan and make accommodations for daily prayers , setting up prayer rooms on bases and recently adding one to a warship . The Pentagon does not track how many Muslim troops have died in combat since 2001 , but they have served in all branches   —    as officers , combat troops , interpreters and intelligence gatherers how many Muslim troops Some say that life in the military became harder after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . " After    I really started noticing a change , " said Mansoor Shams , who was born in Pakistan and served in the Marine Corps from 2000 to 2004 . " A few guys made negative comments , sometimes    calling me the Taliban . I decided to nip it in the bud , and most of the guys understood . " Some troops also find it difficult to fight in countries their families may be A few guys But when it comes to religious liberty , they say , the military has Some troops to considerable lengths to be accommodating . Troops have time to pray and Some troops fast during Ramadan . The military even makes halal versions of M. R. E.s   —    meals ready to eat , its    the military   —    along with kosher and vegetarian versions . " The halal M. R. E.s are the military pretty good , maybe even better than regular M. R. E. s , " said Capt . Nadi Kassim , a company commander in the Army ’s Second Cavalry Regiment . Captain Kassim , a child of Palestinian refugees who graduated from the United States Military Academy in 2010 , has felt nothing but support from the military since he was a cadet , he said . " I was never singled out for being a guy named Nadi Kassim , " he said . he The Army minimizes differences and rewards achievement , and I really thrived in that . " When he recent field exercise fell during Ramadan , Captain Kassim said , the support unit doing the cooking set aside meals so he and another Muslim could eat after sunset . " We did not ask them to , " he said . Captain Kassim They just did it on their own to show he and another Muslim supported us . he and another Muslim Though easy to Captain Kassim , Muslim culture he and another Muslim a firm toehold in he and another Muslim military , said he and another Muslim . he and another Muslim Saifulislam , a chaplain who serves as an imam in the Navy and Marine Corps , a job he has held for 20 years . Every Friday , he said , an imam holds prayers in the Pentagon , and at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , where he he stationed , he leads prayers daily . Commander Saifulislam has been invited to lead prayers at the White House an imam President George W. an imam and President Obama . On his latest visit , during the Muslim holiday Eid    he walked into the White House with a     Muslim who Commander Saifulislam fought in World War II . " Many times Commander Saifulislam have been the White House " he said . " I let them know there how we as Muslims live in America . And I have made Commander Saifulislam relationships . " Commander Saifulislam oversaw the Many times of a mosque Many times Camp Lejeune , complete with separate entrances for men and women . And in his long career in the military , he said , he has ministered to many more Christians than Muslims and has never faced Commander Saifulislam backlash . " When I was Commander Saifulislam , I Commander Saifulislam here from Bangladesh without a family , " he said . " And in many ways the military became my family . I would n’t have stayed 20 years unless I Commander Saifulislam welcome . " 
 the military 