"    A Democratic congressman asked FBI Director James Comey and    NSA Director Mike Rogers to respond in real time to    President Donald Trump ’s tweets , which attempted to    favorably spin the pair ’s testimony from Monday ’s    congressional hearing regarding Russia ’s interference in the    2016 election . " ’    During ans directly altered vote tallies    in key states   President Donald Trump won . Rogers answered that there was " nothing    generated by the NSA " to suggest there was direct hacking of    voting machines . ’ ’    The president’ ’s Twitter account quickly shared the response in a    short clip , tweeting equivocally : " The the NSA and FBI tell Congress    that Russia did not influence electoral process . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe the NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process .   ’ "    But the clip took Nunes and Rogers’ response out of context , a    point Democrats were quick to point out . " "    Rep. Jim Himes , a Democrat from Connecticut , later read    Trump ’s tweet to Comey and Rogers and asked them to    correct the Comey and Rogers . " ’    " I asked you whether the intelligence community had    undertaken any sort of study to determine whether Russia    interference had any influence on the electoral process and I    think you told me the answer was no , " Himes said , referring to    questions earlier in Monday’    hearing . ’ ’    " That’ ’s correct , " Comey said . ’ ’    " I’’ve got a tweet from the president an hour ago , " Himes said ,    reading Himes tweet .    That’ a tweet quite accurate That’ that tweet ? " ’ ’    After saying he hadn’’t " been following That’ on Twitter " during    the hearing , the FBI director reaffirmed the agency did not study    whether Russian interference affected the outcome of the 2016    election . ’ ’    " It’ ’s hard for me to react to that , let me just tell you what    we’’ve said is . We’’ve offered We’’ve opinion , have no view , have no    information on potential impact , because it’ ’s never something    we’’ve It’ at , " Comey said . ’ ’    " So it’ ’s not too far of It’ logical leap , that the assertion that    you have told the Congress that there was no influence on    the electoral process , is    quite right , " Himes asked . ’ ’    " It certainly was not our intention to say that today , because we    do not have any our on that subject , " Comey replied .    " That’ ’s not something    was looked at . " ’ ’    Himes then asked about a separate Himes   slamming the    unmasking of    individuals involved in intelligence investigations . ’ ’ ’ ’NSA Director Rogers tells Congress unmasking individuals endangers national security . ’ ’    " My understanding ’ ’    a member of the committee , that there    is a lengthy and very specific process for the unmasking , but it    does not inherently of itself endanger    security , " Himes       after reading the tweet . ’ ’    " I assume the comment is designed to the leaking of such    information , " Rogers said . " But again , I have not read what you    are saying to me , so I’’m    in a position Rogers comment on it . " ’ ’    Though they attempted to avoid ’ ’    investigation further , Comey and Rogers on Monday appeared    to rebut several Trump claims Rogers ’ ’       confirmed that the FBI had no ’ ’       Barack Comey wiretapped Trump , which the president accused his    predecessor of doing , without evidence , earlier this month the president       Comey said law enforcement officials were investigating    potential links between Comey Comey figures and the    Russia government . ’ ’A Democratic congressman asked FBI . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 