There ’s perhaps been no better satire of the Obama presidency than the figure of Luther , Obama ’s anger translator . Key   Peele ’s serialized sketch , in which the title character says all the things Obama wo n’t and ca n’t say as president , was multifaceted in Obama insights : about the performative demands of the office , about Obama ’s own cool demeanor , about the collision of all those things in the person of the country ’s first black president . Key   Peele ’s Luther sketches —   including , and perhaps especially , the one performed with the actual President Obama , at the 2015 White House Correspondents’ Dinner —   were , in all that , as profound as they were wacky , and as much about the country Obama governed as they were about the president himself . Since the country Obama governed as they were about the president himself elected a new president in November , Key   Peele fans have been clamoring for a return of the character —   to " translate " the calm , hopeful messages Obama Obama been sending about the transition into some angry ( and , in that , cathartic )   . On Thursday evening , during    Key ’s appearance on The Daily Show , they got their they : After a brief conversation with Trevor Noah , Key introduced the sketch he Trevor Noah made with Jordan Peele —   one in which Peele Jordan Peele " Obama " gives his Trevor Noah address to the nation as its the nation . One in which Luther , as always , is there to translate . Trevor Trevor Noah His    Trevor Noah , It ’s everything you ’d expect of such a sketch , expertly executed . Obama informs Obama to Luther calm Luther is Luther unable to do so . " Do n’t you understand ? " Luther asks Luther " This is how The Hunger Games starts ! " To Obama ’s Obama that now someone else will be calling the shots , Luther screams Luther " Yeah ! Vladimir Putin ! " To the president Vladimir Putin that " it was a close election , but the people have spoken , " Luther replies Luther " Yeah ! They voted for the people Clinton , but then this outdated electoral college    voodoo bull[bleep ] ! " and walks out of the room in uncontainable exasperation . To Obama ’s note that " it ’s more imperative than ever that we move on as a country united , " Luther replies Luther united in the fact that we ca n’t we bleep ] stand each other ! " So the    Luther sketch is made mostly the stuff of the    versions : " No drama Obama , " Obama to the       Luther   Luther the sketch wraps up — the   Luther sketch " Obama " concludes Obama farewell address to the nation —   the whole thing pivots . It ’s Obama who gets Obama his farewell address to the nation It ’s Obama who , Obama his farewell address to the nation , no longer feels the need to disguise that anger . When Luther excoriates the new president   Luther immigration policy —   " the only good immigrant is a    white one ! " —   Obama ads , Obama who plagiarizes speeches . " Luther stands in a moment   Luther stunned silence as he realizes that the president   Luther left nothing for the new president translate . Later   Luther Obama mentions the Obama of the outgoing president leaving the incoming one the new president in the desk of the Oval Office , offering advice . The contents of that note have been confidential , Obama says , Obama until now . " Luther grabs the note out of the president ’s hand and that note the message Obama has left Obama President Trump reads , " Go [ bleep ] yourself . " It was , for a series of sketches that has always operated on several dimensions , a fitting conclusion : In Luther ’s ( ostensibly ) final appearance , he cedes Luther outrage to the president himself —   Luther , Luther to be the president’s many constraints of his office , seems to be out of patience with Luther requirement that he keep his cool . After eight years of partisan Luther , Luther eight years of stoicism , Key   Peele ’s version of Obama has had it with all the   . He no longer needs someone to Key  Peele’s version of Obama his anger . Luther In summation , " the outgoing Luther tells the nation , " it ’s been real . It ’s been good . But it has n’t been real good it " 
 it 