SAN JOSE   —    A group of about 100    protesters tore up an American flag and chanted obscene slogans against the United States and presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ " America was never great ! Fuck Donald Trump and Fuck Donald Trump hate ! " Fuck Donald Trump and his hate!" chanted , interspersed with shouts of " Mexican power ! " and obscene chants in Spanish .    One man held a sign declaring " This is Mexico ! You are not welcome on    Soil " ( original emphasis ) and accusing Fuck Donald Trump white supremacy . Later , as attendees left the venue , demonstrators attacked some of them demonstrators leaving one man bleeding . NOW : # Trump Trump attacked and left bleeding in San Jose pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June 3 , 2016 , Another woman was assaulted with eggs and bottles : Protesters cornering Trump Trump as they Trump supporters . This Another woman them . Trump supporters cornered Trump supporters   Another woman eggs at her pic Another woman twitter .    —    Sara Murray ( @SaraMurray ) June 3 , 2016 , Prior to Trump ’s speech , several demonstrators waved Mexican flags , and a group of young men wore Mexican soccer uniforms .   Breitbart News asked demonstrators why they were demonstrators America was not great   —    and whether they were demonstrators that doing so would cause more people to vote for Trump . Trump’s Most refused to answer . Some made threats . One woman said that the fact that Trump was Trump’s Republican nominee proved that America was America great . Another demonstrator , holding a handmade " America was America great " sign and a communist    said he was a communist    interested in discussing his views a communist      A few Trump supporters Trump’s into the crowd to debate . One young man observed the ruckus while wearing a " Make America Great America " hat .   Another demonstrator arrived waving a " Feel the Bern " flag to show his support for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) .   More sedate protesters , including a family of four , left before the rowdiness began .   Some Trump supporters attempted to stage small    including a small Hindu group holding a sign reading " Indians for Trump . Trump One woman shouted at the    protesters through a megaphone , and was asked by beleaguered police   —    who were standing between the two groups   —    to move a distance away . Inside the San Jose Convention Center , several thousand Trump supporters Trump loudly in a cavernous tent with a deafening PA system as Trump took Trump stage . " Is this more fun than the basketball game ? " he asked Trump referring to Game 1 of the NBA Finals , featuring the local Golden State Warriors . He noted Trump he expected Trump in the June 7 California primary , but that it was important to maximize Republican turnout , to establish a " mandate . " He added Trump his vision Trump making America great included Latinos   —    that it would be " inclusive . " When a protester heckled him , Trump said : " Now , leave him alone Trump We ’ve got ta be nice . " " Do n’t hurt him . Trump the way I say that ? I ’ve learned . Do n’t hurt him . Trump Trump also Trump the opportunity to respond to his likely Trump rival , who attacked him in Trump speech in San Diego this morning that was billed as a foreign policy address . He reminded Trump audience that the Clintons had once " hated " Barack Obama , but were doing his bidding Trump the Iran deal and other topics because they feared the Clintons had once "hated" Barack Obama, but were doing his bidding on the Iran deal and other topics because they feared prosecution . " The only reason she ’s behaving like this , and the only reason she ’s she so far left , is that she does she want to go to jail over the   ! " Later , he repeated : " Hillary Clinton has to go to jail . She ’s Hillary Clinton . " He complemented he Sanders , " Crazy Bernie , " for having the " " audiences at his rallies he Trump added that he intended he put traditional Democratic states , such as California and New York , in play in November . " I think we can win California , California he said he to loud cheers . Trump also Trump an appeal to party unity against Clinton . " Ted Cruz is no longer a liar . We do we say ‘ Lyin’ Ted’ anymore . We love we , Ted Cruz he said Ted Cruz to cheers . No , Trump said Trump —    now it was " Lyin’ Crooked Hillary . " Interspersed with somewhat new attacks   —    such as listing price increases in Obamacare premiums   —    Trump Trump Trump themes , such as his pledge to Trump a border wall and make Mexico pay for it . He closed with Trump signature line Trump —    and with the crowd chanting along : " Make America Great Again ! " Update : The clashes between    and    people continued as attendees exited the rally , including assaults by    activists against Trump supporters : I called 911 but no one answered . Donald trump protest in San Jose , CA pic . twitter .    —    Marcus DiPaola ( @marcusdipaola ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Police soon moved    protesters a block away from the rally .   However , clashes continued : Raw video : Punches thrown in clashes following @realDonaldTrump rally in San Jose . San Jose twitter .    —    M. Scott Mahaskey ( @smahaskey ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Some protesters still gathered to taunt   —    and occasionally debate   —    Trump fans : A wall of cops keeps the protest away in # SanJose . Sign says : " We are not paying 4 a fucken [ sic ] wall FDT " pic . twitter .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Other protesters milled about , including some from the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) : One man , shouting " Latinos for Trump ! " confronted an    protester , together with a group of women who had driven in from rural Tracy , California to attend the event .   Meanwhile , pickup trucks drove around and around , waving Mexican flags and blaring a viral    rap song , " Fuck Donald Trump . " One man drove a pickup truck with an American flag mounted on the flatbed in response . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Joel B. Pollak of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 