  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is finally preparing to leave the country , and President Donald Trump choice of stops for the upcoming tour tells us much about what drives this presidency . President Donald Trump will visit Israel , Saudi Arabia and the Vatican before moving on to summit meetings of NATO and the G7 . Presidential travel is always important . Presidential travel is also politically risky and potentially distressing . Above all , Presidential travel is symbolically powerful . And no trip carries more emblematic weight than the first one in a new presidency . With that in mind , the White House has loaded up this selective world tour with symbolism , along with careful attention to Trump ’s emotional and political    and a full dose of serious business . Trump is not a big fan of foreign travel . In fact , Trump always prefers to sleep in Trump own bed .   While Trump makes frequent trips to Trump       in Florida , Trump has completely avoided leaving the country until now . But staying in the US is not an option . By this time in Trump administration , President Obama had already visited nine countries . In contrast , Trump has sent top aides flying around the world for key meetings on urgent global crises . For a man who clearly relishes interaction with admirers , going to the Middle East is a bit like holding a campaign rally in a red state . If there is one part of the world where Trump election was greeted with optimism     there are n’t many     it is precisely in the region where President Obama ’s foreign policy was most harshly criticized . They wo n’t quite greet him President Obama MAGA hats in the Saudi capital , but he President Obama sure to get a genuinely warm reception . The same is true in Israel , where many , including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , could not have been happier to see the end of the Obama President Obama .   The visit to the Vatican has a clever symbolic place in this selective world tour . Israel Israel the Vatican and Saudi Arabia are the seats of the three monotheistic religions . I would venture a guess that presidential strategist Steve Bannon authored this idea . He presidential strategist Steve Bannon the man whose world view places America in a sharply delineated    world . During my own travels in the Persian Gulf ( known by Arabs as the Arabian Gulf ) I found wide ranging expressions of hope that Trump will be a good president , undoing some of the Obama policies that were found most objectionable . That was particularly true with regard to Iran , a country many there view as a dangerous hostile power . It may seem    that the US president who tried to stop people from several Muslim countries from entering the United States , a man many see as Islamophobic , has found his strongest support outside the America in the birthplace of Islam . But that , in fact , is the case . Arab leaders are happy to see the end of America ’s push to improve relations with Iran , and they do Arab leaders mind that Washington has decided to stop making a fuss over human rights and democracy .   The stops in Israel and Saudi Arabia will feed Trump ’s appetite for approval . But they will The stops in Israel and Saudi Arabia more than that . They will The stops in Israel and Saudi Arabia his base at home and will strengthen his hand his he seeks his score a historic victory he says his wants , helping to broker a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians . The very fact that Trump will visit Israel on his first Trump carries symbolic value . Israelis and many of the Jewish State ’s supporters in the US had trouble forgiving Obama for failing to visit the country Israel first term Obama Obama came within Obama distances of Israel , visiting Israel Turkey , Egypt and Saudi Arabia in the first months of his administration , Obama pointedly did not go to Israel . When Israel finally came Obama 2013 , the visit was a huge success , earning him a lot Obama good will .   Trump is already amassing good will , which is hard currency he can use Trump he seeks a Trump agreement . The president , who recently said finding a solution to the    conflict , is   " frankly , not as difficult as people have thought over the years , " is in for a rude awakening . Many who obviously understood the problem much better than this hyperconfident president have tried and failed over many decades .   The prospects for a    deal between Israelis and Palestinians are as grim as they were for Israelis and Palestinians predecessors . this hyperconfident president yet , there are some openings for gradual regional reconciliation . Israel and Gulf states share the same perspective on Iran , and a number of other changes in the region create intriguing possibilities . The Vatican portion of the trip is likely to be less of an ego massage for the president . While Trump is unlikely to face big protests in Israel , and Israel completely assured to face none in Saudi Arabia , protests in Rome are likely . And while the Saudi royals and Israeli officials are unlikely to speak harshly to the president , the president is sure to reiterate his criticism .   Pope Francis pope has spoken Pope Francis against Trump ’s plans and Trump the president   to abide by America ’s " commitment to the advancement of human dignity and freedom worldwide , " something the Trump administration has decided to downplay in its foreign policy . In addition the Trump administration his tour of    capitals , Pope Francis ’s itinerary includes stops Trump did not choose . He Pope Francis go to Brussels for a Pope Francis summit and Sicily for a gathering of the G7 group . There , he will face America ’s traditional allies Pope Francis who have found much in Trump ’s rhetoric troubling and confusing Trump will be an opportunity for the president to reassure the allies that they can still count on America . There , too , the president America have an opportunity to make the president diplomatic progress . Like the leaders he meets in Israel and Saudi Arabia , his the president at those summits will also be eager the president hear reassuring words from the president of the United States . But they will be America than the handpicked audiences in the leaders he meets in Israel and Saudi Arabia Middle East . 
 