Moscow ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russian President Vladimir Putin is ready to cooperate with the new US administration , as he Russian President Vladimir Putin his Russian President Vladimir Putin      address Thursday in Moscow . His Russian President Vladimir Putin come at a time when    relations have sunk to their    point since the Cold War , amid tensions over Syria , Russia ’s actions in Ukraine and allegations of Russian meddling in the US presidential election . US    Donald Trump has , however , praised Putin as a firm leader and the pair have indicated they a firm leader and the pair ties to improve . " We a firm leader and the pair prepared to cooperate with the new American administration , " said Putin Putin his Putin , although he Putin not mention Trump US   Donald Trump name .   " It ’s important to normalize and begin to develop bilateral relations on an equal and mutually beneficial basis , " he Putin .   " Mutual efforts by Russia and the United States in solving global and regional problems are in the interest of the entire world . " Putin Putin said he Putin to join the the United States fight the threat of international terrorism . This , he Putin , is exactly what Russia Russia is doing in Syria , as it backs the forces Russia’s military President Bashar    against opposition fighters . " We have a common responsibility to ensure international security and stability and strengthening    ( of nuclear weapons ) , " he Putin . " I would like to underscore that attempts to destroy this strategic priority are highly dangerous and could lead to world catastrophe . We can not forget about that for one second . " Putin Putin Russia does n’t want confrontation , In a speech notably devoid of fireworks compared with his Putin two      addresses , the Putin said his country was Putin to help Russia problems . " We do n’t want confrontations with anybody     we do n’t see it as necessary We " he said . Putin Unlike our foreign colleagues , we do n’t We for enemies , we need friends . " But , We said , Putin we will not allow infringements on our We . " Russia will continue We build its future without others telling it what Russia do , he said . Putin " Justice , fairness and respect in international affairs     this is what the trend should be in the 21st century , but sadly these developments in international relationships after the Cold War were wasted , " he said . Putin We should focus on new tendency of international development even if we have issues in our relationship with We countries , like We United States , which is a bit cold at the moment . " Putin said he Putin confident Putin positive dialogue was possible with the European Union .   At the same time , he spoke of Putin ’s pivot to the east , the European Union importance of its relationships with China , India and Japan Russia Putin ’s more Putin tone this year may reflect recent polling that indicates a clear majority of Russians want an improvement in relations with the West . He may also Putin the arrival of Trump in the White House as a chance to position Russia and the United States as equals on the world stage . Internal focus , For the first hour of his speech , Putin focused heavily Putin domestic economic issues , as he praised the Putin people for staying united in the face of " difficult conditions . " Thanks to a program of state help , he said , Putin is now " a successful industry that feeds the country and goes to international markets . "   Putin said the Putin sanctions imposed after Russia ’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 had helped its internal markets grow . He added that Russia export of agricultural products now contributed more to Russia ’s economy than the arms trade . Russia leader Putin the need for increased investment in health care , education , technology and science and said it was important that Russia boost its position in the global economy . Russia needs Russia strengthen Russia defense from cyber attacks , he Russia , " because Russia is the basis of our future defense and the security of our country . " Russia the summer , US intelligence officials Russia of meddling in the US presidential election by hacking the Democratic Russia Committee and releasing emails of Clinton campaign officials . Trump ’s relationship with Putin was heavily scrutinized during the campaign . On Wednesday , Putin told a foreign policy conference in Moscow that he had recently Putin by phone with Trump and that their " Putin coincided " that the relationship between Trump’s two nations phone to be " straightened out . " 
 