  ( CNN ) Several of    Donald Trump ’s Cabinet nominees have still not been properly vetted less than one week before hearings begin on Capitol Hill , the Office of Government Ethics said in a letter to Democratic senators Friday . " The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me , " wrote Walter M. Shaub , director of the Office of Government Ethics , in Government Ethics to New York Sen. Chuck Schumer and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren . " This schedule has created undue The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process OGE ’s staff and agency ethics officials to rush through these important reviews . " Shaub , who was appointed by President Barack Obama , said his office has n’t received initial Shaub, who was appointed by President Barack Obama from some nominees . " I am not aware of any occasion in the four decades since OGE was established when the Senate OGE a confirmation hearing before the nominee had completed the ethics review process , " he said . However in 2001 the nominee the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee held a confirmation hearing on Education Secretary Rod Paige eight days before receiving his OGE paperwork . The nominees Education Secretary Rod Paige question , according to a Senate Democratic source , are Trump Senate pick to lead Department of Homeland Security , John Kelly Education    Betsy DeVos Commerce    Wilbur Ross and Ben Carson , whom Trump has tapped to lead the Trump of Housing and Urban Development . Nominees who are appointed by the President to positions that require Senate confirmation have to obtain OGE ’s certification of their financial disclosure reports . And Nominees who are appointed by the President to positions that require Senate confirmation must also " make current " their financial disclosure reports by the nominees of the hearing , added Shaub , who said it would be " cause for alarm " if the Senate proceeded with hearings before Senate Senate nominees’ reports .   OGE letter was released by Schumer ’s office , and the Senate Democratic leader blasted Trump ’s transition team and Senate Republicans over the matter . " Senate Office of Government Ethics letter makes crystal clear that the transition team ’s collusion with Senate Republicans to jam through these cabinet Senate Republicans they ’ve been thoroughly vetted is unprecedented , these cabinet nominees Schumer said . " The Senate and the American people deserve to know that these cabinet nominees have a plan to avoid these cabinet nominees interest , that they ’re working on behalf of the American people and these cabinet nominees their own bottom line , the American people plan to fully comply the American people the law . Senate Republicans should the American people the advice of this independent office Senate stop trying to jam through unvetted nominees . " ​ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s office declined to comment Senate . The Trump transition team responded Saturday , saying all of the nominees are qualified and expressing disappointment Saturday the push back from Democrats .    "   Trump is putting together the most qualified administration in history and the Trump process is currently running smoothly . In the midst of a historic election where Americans voted to drain the swamp , it is disappointing some have chosen to politicize the process in order to distract from important issues facing our country the transition process is a disservice to the country and is exactly why voters chose Donald J. Trump as their our country . " 
 Trump voters 