Denver ( CNN ) Donald Trump is turning to Donald Trump family , sports figures and business leaders to fill speaking slots at the Republican National Convention later this month as scores of prominent Republican leaders continue to refuse to line up behind scores of prominent Republican leaders controversial    . Donald Trump announced Friday that Donald Trump wife and children " are all going to be speaking " at the nominating convention that kicks off in just over two weeks . And the real estate mogul has also promised to add sports figures and other    who are supporting Donald Trump to the roster of convention speakers , which would set the 2016 convention apart from past conventions packed with current and former elected officials . The unconventional programming , which Donald Trump has said will include a " winners’ night , " comes as Donald Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee are facing an unusual problem unseen in past conventions : a lack of interest in speaking slots from many party elders and rising stars . Instead of bartering with former primary rivals and the next generation of party leaders jostling for prominent placement in the convention programming , Trump is left watching idly as prominent Republicans tell reporters prominent Republicans have no interest in speaking at the convention or , in some cases , even just attending . " Everybody normally wants to speak at the convention , " said Stuart Stevens , chief strategist to Mitt Romney ’s 2012 presidential bid who was involved in organizing that year ’s the convention A bevy of senators , prominent congressmen and governors have stated that they wo prominent congressmen and governors attend the convention the convention that are particularly pronounced among those facing tight    battles in battleground states .   The past two GOP nominees , Romney and Sen. John McCain of Arizona , have also said they wo n’t The past two GOP nominees, Romney and Sen. John McCain of Arizona the convention in the convention several of Trump ’s GOP rivals , including the host GOP ’s governor , John Kasich , also wo n’t take the stage at the convention . " Trump is the convention unpopular politician on Trump national scene . So the idea that a lot of people are n’t dying to appear with him should n’t be a shock , Trump Stevens said , pointing to Trump ’s    unfavorable numbers , which Trump hovered around 60 % in the latest polls . Trump tweeted Saturday morning that there was Trump shortage of speakers for the convention and that he would soon the Republican Convention names . Trump The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled , with a long waiting list of those that want to speak    Wednesday release , " Trump said . Rather than try and Trump fences to woo some of his former rivals and members of Congress Trump are critical of his candidacy , Trump has entrenched himself Trump taken again Trump criticizing many Trump his fellow Republicans in recent weeks , Trump threatening to go it alone in the general election if others do n’t line up behind him . " We have to have Trump Republicans either stick together or let me We do it by myself . I ’ll do very well Trump " Trump said at a recent rally in Trump . " Just please be quiet . Do n’t talk . Please be quiet . Just be quiet to the leaders because they have to get tougher , they have the leaders get sharper , they have the leaders get smarter . " Republican the leaders Committee spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said many of the politicians who have said they wo n’t attend have never participated in the leaders convention and would n’t necessarily be expected to attend . Walters added that those up for    who Republican National Committee spokeswoman Lindsay Walters n’t attend would rather spend time in their districts , " shaking hands of voters those up for    " rather than attending the party convention in Cleveland . Trump will a convention prominent supporters and party favorites to pull from , but the campaign is working to line up speakers     both political and    types     and Trump has been intimately involved in approving and nixing ideas for the Trump , a source familiar with the planning told CNN . a convention , Trump ’s primary rival turned trusted surrogate , will speak at the convention Trump another source said . But the big ticket invitations have a convention to roll in . Trump ’s call to invite Carson came Thursday     just over two weeks before Trump convention kicks off     and Trump told The New York Times in an a convention Friday that he is still Trump which sports figures to invite and has yet to call them Trump A night of speeches from prominent sports figures and business leaders could help which sports figures presumptive Republican nominee compensate for his lack of powerhouse Republican speakers and help bolster his outsider image . The " the presumptive Republican nominee night " Trump has promised would be    the presumptive Republican nominee sports figures supportive of his candidacy , and he has floated such big names as New England Patriots quarterback Trump Brady , UFC Trump Dana White and NASCAR CEO Brian France . " I ’m thinking about getting some of the great sports people I know , who like me a lot , " Trump said at a rally in Richmond , Virginia , last month . " We ’re thinking about doing something that ’s different , " he said a week later at a Dallas rally . Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka Trump has said that the atypical lineup will make for Trump a convention unlike any we ’ve ever seen . " " It ’s not gon na be a    lineup of the typical politicians , " she said in an interview with radio host John Fredericks , the conservative radio host    " It ’s gon na be a great combination of our great politicians , but also It American businessmen and women and leaders across industry and leaders across really all the sectors , from athletes to coaches and everything in between . " But Trump is facing difficulties lining up speakers even among the    who support him and whom Trump would like to speak at the convention . Former Chicago Bears Trump Mike Ditka Trump who supports Trump , said Wednesday Trump called to invite him but said he likely wo n’t Trump . " Trump Trump at a convention Trump n’t really Trump style , " Ditka told the Chicago Tribune . But Stevens , the former Romney strategist who is deeply critical of Trump , said the convention     an affair , typically designed to give the nominee a Trump in the polls and define political coverage for a week     wo n’t be a defining moment for the Trump campaign , regardless of its outcome . That ’s because the Democratic convention will swoop Trump the news cycle days the Trump campaign the Republican one wraps up . " He ’ll get a little bump and then the Democratic convention will come , " Stevens the Republican one . " And then the race will the Democratic convention 
 