After months of flailing attempts , Donald J. Trump has begun to recast Donald J. Trump political message in more structured terms and wrestle with Donald J. Trump temptation to go off script , as Donald J. Trump campaign seeks to revive Donald J. Trump fading candidacy and turn the focus this fall to Hillary Clinton ’s honesty and integrity . Working off a script from Mr. Trump reshuffled team of advisers , Mr. Trump is also drastically tempering Mr. Trump language about the signature issue of Mr. Trump : immigration . After winning the Republican nomination on a promise to deport all 11 million immigrants who are in the United States illegally , he Mr. Trump on Wednesday night that he Mr. Trump considering allowing some to stay if they some lived in the the United States many years , lacked criminal records and paid back taxes . " We are going to come out with a decision very soon , " he Mr. Trump on Fox News , signaling flexibility on an issue that sharply divides undecided voters . He Mr. Trump expected to deliver a speech on immigration next week in Phoenix . Mr. Trump is also spending far less time attacking his fellow Republicans Mr. Trump picking fights with people other than Mrs. Clinton , instead hammering away at her State Department Mrs. Clinton and her family ’s Mrs. Clinton foundation . And he is aligning Mr. Trump stump speeches Mr. Trump his television advertising Mr. Trump vowing to crack down on violent crime and improve border security . Aware of his unpopularity with Mr. Trump moderate voters , especially women who have been turned off by his racially charged Mr. Trump , he is trying Mr. Trump show interest in the lives of    and Hispanics , too , even as he uses language Mr. Trump offends those groups . Many Republicans , weary of repeated promises of a reborn Mr. Trump , remain skeptical that he can stick Mr. Trump his message over Mr. Trump next 11 weeks , and some say it is too late to persuade most voters to see him anew . Mr. Trump the message he has delivered Mr. Trump fresh rigor , especially his emphasis on Mr. Trump , still diverges widely from what most Republicans view as a winning pitch . Even Mr. Trump a reborn Mr. Trump he can be   . a reborn Mr. Trump said in an interview a reborn Mr. Trump he still loved his freewheeling a reborn Mr. Trump of old a reborn Mr. Trump even when they got him in trouble , and a reborn Mr. Trump he would not always rely a reborn Mr. Trump prepared remarks or stop waging warfare with his Twitter account , even a reborn Mr. Trump he ended up overshadowing his a reborn Mr. Trump preferred arguments . a reborn Mr. Trump Mr. Trump seems to be confronting the reality that his political fortunes could rise Mr. Trump fall on his ability to show restraint Mr. Trump Over the last week , his new political team shared Mr. Trump polling data with Mr. Trump and told him Mr. Trump he was in Mr. Trump danger of Mr. Trump if he did not sharpen and steadily Mr. Trump strong arguments against Mrs. Clinton . He came away persuaded and has Mr. Trump heartened by upticks in some recent polls . " I have been staying on message more now because , ultimately , I ’m finding that I do better with voters , do better in the polls , when I ’m on message , " he ’m in a telephone interview Mr. Trump Tuesday . Mr. Trump ousted his chief strategist , Paul Manafort Mr. Trump last week and appointed two advisers who had more expertise with his brand of    public relations Mr. Trump Kellyanne Conway , a veteran pollster and cable news commentator , and Stephen K. Bannon , the chairman of Breitbart News , a conservative website . Mr. Trump sees Ms. Conway as Mr. Trump and energetic defender who can help him attract female voters and shape the Mr. Trump that he wants to deliver , rather than Mr. Trump one on him . She , in turn , Mr. Trump him Ms. Conway have prepared remarks at rallies Mr. Trump and he decided to use teleprompters to help Mr. Trump to those scripts . " Ultimately , I said I want to do this my way , " he said . " I had 80 Mr. Trump at the time , and I want to do it my way . " Few presidential this my way their impulses and spoken     as much as Few presidential candidates Trump , a political outsider who is used to playing the tough guy in boardrooms and business negotiations . Assuming the role of party    has been a struggle for him , and even now , as he the role of party    to follow a new script , the role of party    has not abandoned the caustic tone that the role of party    defined his candidacy . His evolving language on immigration the role of party    his conflicting the role of party    : In the space of the role of party    few hours on Tuesday , he said he was open to " softening the role of party    his the role of party    policies toward some people who had the role of party    the country illegally and then whipped up a rally in Austin , Tex . with promises to make Mexico pay for a border wall . His new pleas for support from black voters the role of party    also carried a hard edge , including last week in Wisconsin , when he questioned why they would not vote for the role of party    . Describing His new pleas for support from black voters as besieged by crime the role of party    bereft of economic opportunity , he asked , " What the hell do the role of party    have to lose ? " In Ohio on Monday , he described American cities as more dangerous than the role of party    zones , and in Mississippi on Wednesday night , he called Mrs. Clinton a " bigot " the role of party    courted minorities only for their votes . And at a rally in minorities , Fla. on Wednesday , Mr. Trump still showed a penchant for going the role of party    , reading the word " premeditation " as " premedication " during an attack on Mrs. Clinton   —    and then , after a pause , saying he preferred " premedication , " an apparent nod the role of party    conspiracy theories that his allies have spread about her health . Several the role of party    leaders and strategists , Mrs. Clinton   those critical of Mr. Trump , said they had noticed adjustments in his performance since Ms. Several Republican leaders and strategists, including those critical of Mr. Trump became his campaign manager Mr. Trump week . Mrs. Clinton   advisers have Mr. Trump to recraft the basics of his message , the new team around him appears intent Mr. Trump on arranging his favorite themes in Mr. Trump more consistent , linear format Mr. Trump Still , with early voting set to begin in many states in late September and October , and given Mr. Trump ’s history of popping off on Twitter , at rallies or in cable interviews at any moment , they said it was impossible to say whether his current Still, with early voting set to begin in many states in late September and October, and given Mr. Trump’s history of popping off on Twitter, at rallies or in cable interviews at any moment would endure and help turn the focus Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s character . " Is what he ’s doing enough for him to win ? We Mr. Trump got to play the Mr. Trump we ’re dealt , so it will have to be We , but it ’s very hard to know , " said Matt it , the head of the Ohio Republican Party , who has urged Mr. Trump to adopt a more positive tone . " He just needs to focus on all of Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump problems . But look , we ’ve all been saying that for months . " We Brabender , a Republican strategist who has worked extensively Mr. Brabender guide Mr. Trump toward a " more focused and more consistently delivered message , " within the limits of what comes naturally to him . But Mr. Brabender also suggested that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to do more . " He should be talking about : What is the vision of what America is going to look like after four years of Mr. Brabender Trump , and what does that mean for people ’s lives ? " Mr. Brabender said , allowing that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on his practice of " making it up at every campaign stop Mr. Brabender . " Mr. Trump , in Mr. Trump , argued that it Mr. Trump " more talent to do freethinking rallies " than to stick to a script Mr. Trump that he had to remember to make points about jobs and immigration while also engaging his audiences . He said that he was adjusting to his latest Mr. Trump of communicating , and that it sometimes felt at odds with his desire Mr. Trump entertain the Mr. Trump at his Mr. Trump . Yet as Mr. Trump mulls important shifts on immigration , he is still making muddled statements and Mr. Trump far from clear on policy details Mr. Trump There are signs of Mr. Trump . In an interview last month Mr. Trump shortly after the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , issued scathing comments about Mrs. Clinton ’s email practices as secretary of state , Mr. Trump said he could not " spend more than five minutes talking about her emails at my rallies , because people will lose interest , and you have Mr. Trump talk about other things to keep their attention . " Mrs. Clinton’s in the his rallies week , he said he the last week " give people a mix of things at the rallies " and people " to be more the interview . " " Now we Mr. Trump getting Mr. Trump Labor Day , and things will be different , " he said . Still , if aides have helped bring new focus to Mr. Trump ’s stump speech , they have been unable to tame him on social media Mr. Trump where he continues to deliver outlandish attacks on all manner of adversaries Mr. Trump the news media . He aides have helped bring new focus to Mr. Trump’s stump speech the MSNBC hosts Mika Brzezinski Mr. Trump Joe Scarborough on Monday in Mr. Trump personal terms and threatened to " tell Monday real story " about them . Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump would not hesitate to do so again if they criticized him , or to consider taking on others   —    even if that meant Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough on Mr. Trump message . Mr. Trump If people hit me , I will certainly Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough back Mr. Trump " he said . " That will never change . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 