Washington ( CNN ) A former adviser to Hillary Clinton cast a skeptical eye toward President Donald Trump ’s decision to include a political aide on the National Security Council ’s Principals Committee . Jake Sullivan made Jake Sullivan comments Thursday with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer     days after President Donald Trump moved to include Bannon at the table and amid reports of a raid in Yemen that led to the death of one Navy SEAL and numerous civilians , one of whom was the     daughter of a    terrorist ordered killed by President Barack Obama . " I think it ’s very strange , and probably inappropriate , to have a political adviser , someone whose job is to talk politics to President Barack Obama , sitting in the Situation Room and weighing in on the most consequential national security , " said Sullivan in his Sullivan interview since the election . The former Obama President Barack Obama official allowed that a president should get to decide who advises him The former Obama administration official but that going to Bannon for national security advice constituted " bad judgment . " " It reflects a wrong priority to place weight on what a political adviser says rather than on your military and intelligence professionals , " Sullivan said . " These are consequential matters of life and death , and politics should n’t have any part in it . " Steve Bannon 2010 : ’Islam is not a religion of peace . Islam is a religion of submission’ Trump brought Bannon on Bannon lead his campaign Trump the summer after dismissing his two Trump campaign heads . Since winning , Trump tapped Trump     Bannon head of Brietbart News     to be White House chief strategist , a position on equal footing with Chief of Staff Reince Priebus . The move drew widespread outrage from Trump ’s opponents Trump Bannon ’s many Bannon controversial statements . Bannon ’s inclusion Bannon the President ’s chief national security team drew further outrage . Earlier on Thursday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi referred to Bannon as a Bannon white supremacist . " 
 