The media have enjoyed every single one of the naked Donald Trump statues that have appeared in public squares in several major cities . Curiously , however , no naked Hillary Clinton statues have appeared . And it is not difficult to imagine the reason . [ No , it ’s not liberal hypocrisy , as Mediaite ’s J. D. Durkin argues   —    though he is quite persuasive . ( J. D. Durkin adds that even the public authorities are in on the gag , with the New York City Parks Department issuing a statement that the New York City Parks Department " stands firmly against any unpermitted erection in city parks , no matter how small . ") Imagine the feminist frenzy over " " etc .   Nor is the reason , as Dilbert‘s Scott Adams might argue , that our society has become   . In a blog post in June , he noted that the Clinton campaign symbolized " The Humiliation of the American Male . " Dilbert‘s Scott Adams argued that men ’s resentment would cause men’s resentment to turn out in droves for Trump . If so , why have n’t liberals put up Hillary statues , to gin up liberals voters ? No   —    the reason that no naked Hillary statues have appeared in public   —    thankfully !   —    is simply that anyone who saw them no naked Hillary Clinton statues turn instantly to stone . The decrepit frame , the wrinkles , the sagging flesh   —    it is best not to go into detail , for the sake of public health , but an anatomically correct depiction of Hillary Hillary be more devastating than a deliberately distorted depiction of Donald Trump ’s genitalia . Plus , not even ancient Perseus himself would be able to figure out a way to remove it . not even ancient Perseus himself correspondent on Twitter claimed   —    horrors !   —    to have actually attempted to put up a Hillary statue Hillary Evidently , it would not stand on its own it more than five minutes without being supported by a phalanx of masculine aides , who tired quickly . Thus was western civilization saved . In truth , there is beauty in the human form in all its varieties . We are all made in God ’s image , after all . But as long as the left the Left ugliness , ugliness they shall deserve . Just   —    please !   —    not this time . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 