Donald J. Trump hurled Donald J. Trump into a new effort to reshape the presidential race on Monday , scrambling to allay voters’ concerns about Donald J. Trump temperament and put Hillary Clinton on the defensive over Hillary Clinton critical comments about many of Donald J. Trump supporters . Though Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee , has largely withheld comment about Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton showing uncharacteristic restraint after her campaign announced she Hillary Clinton pneumonia , Hillary Clinton took Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, has largely withheld comment about Mrs. Clinton’s health, showing uncharacteristic restraint unexpected Hillary Clinton view as an opportunity to press his case with ferocity . Among Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, has largely withheld comment about Mrs. Clinton’s health, showing uncharacteristic restraint Trump ’s advisers , there is a sense of urgency . With eight weeks left in the race   —    and just two before his first debate with Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, has largely withheld comment about Mrs. Clinton’s health, showing uncharacteristic restraint the Democratic nominee   —    Mr. Trump may never again have Mr. Trump’s window to make his argument to voters more or Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, has largely withheld comment about Mrs. Clinton’s health, showing uncharacteristic restraint uninterrupted . Without a forceful message and iron discipline heading into the debates , Mr. Trump could struggle mightily to overcome Mr. Trump’s rooted opposition to his candidacy . An ABC    Post poll Mr. Trump’s over the weekend showed Mrs. Clinton with a     edge over Mr. Trump nationally , with six in 10 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump as unqualified and biased against women and Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump seized the chance on Monday to turn the Mr. Trump’s intolerance against Mrs. Clinton : Denouncing the allegation that his supporters were bigoted Mrs. Clinton Trump argued in a speech Mr. Trump’s Baltimore that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s " contempt " for voters by deriding many of Mrs. Clinton as racist and sexist , calling them a " basket Mr. Trump’s deplorables his supporters a    on Friday . At a rally on Monday night in North Carolina , Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton was running a "   and negative campaign . " The Trump Mrs. Clinton announced the support of R. James Woolsey , a former director of a "  and negative campaign Agency , to reassure voters of Mr. Trump ’s readiness for the presidency . Mr. Trump made no mention of Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump in his campaign speeches . During two Mr. Trump on Monday Mrs. Clinton said he wished Mrs. Clinton well . Mr. Trump also did not revive his frequent accusation that Mrs. Clinton lacks Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump be president , though he Mr. Trump vaguely that " something Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton . " Instead , he used a speech to the National Guard Association Mr. Trump the United States to defend his supporters at length , arguing that Mr. Trump were right to be concerned about border security and crime , and that those Mr. Trump did not indicate a hateful view of racial his supporters religious minorities . " If Hillary Clinton will not retract her comments in full , I do n’t see how she can credibly campaign any further , " Mr. Trump said , demanding an Hillary Clinton . He claimed that his campaign was doing " Hillary Clinton well with    and Hispanic workers . " But Mr. Trump , who records little Mr. Trump in the Mr. Trump among racial minorities and educated whites , did not address any of the past remarks that have contributed to his low standing with those groups . He has continued to call for a crackdown on immigrants who are in the country illegally , Mr. Trump has declined to retract his false Mr. Trump in the past that President Obama was not born in the United the United States Mr. Trump has also not expressed regret Mr. Trump clashing with the family of a slain Muslim Army captain or renounced his proposal to bar Muslims from entering the country . Mrs. Clinton has rebuked Mr. Trump over the last month for what she has called Mr. Trump promotion of racially insensitive messages and the United States his alignment with leaders of the Mr. Trump as the " " which is widely Mrs. Clinton as holding Mr. Trump and racist views . Robert Blizzard , a Mr. Trump pollster , said that Mr. Trump appeared to be recovering his footing in the race , but that it might be too late for him to change many voters’ longstanding assessment Mr. Trump character and capabilities . " Mr. Trump Clinton clearly won the summer , and there ’s little doubt Donald Trump Mr. Trump himself a very deep hole in the Mr. Trump of the nominating conventions , " Mr. Blizzard said . " While Trump is starting to climb out of that Donald Trump now , his ability to take advantage of a few bad weeks for Clinton is going to be limited Donald Trump to enduring views about his judgment , his temperament and Donald Trump rhetoric toward other ethnicities and women . " And Democrats Hillary Clinton skeptical that Mr. Trump will be able to reinvent himself Hillary Clinton using Mrs. Hillary Clinton ’s biting Hillary Clinton as a shield . Geoff Garin , a Democratic pollster who advises a Donald Trump super PAC , " described an Donald Trump he uses Hillary Clinton focus groups , asking voters to write down Mr. Garin word ‘ racist’ consistently to describe him , " Mr. Garin said . " But they also talk Donald Trump as a dangerous egomaniac . " Still , on a conference call with top supporters Monday , advisers to Mr. Trump spoke of Mrs. Clinton ’s turbulent stretch as a ‘racist’ of relief : For the first time in People while , they ‘racist’ , they were starting the Donald Trump offense , according to people who participated in the call who spoke on condition of anonymity about a private discussion . Campaign surrogates were told to hammer Mrs. Clinton for her description of Trump voters , advisers to Mr. Trump to say advisers to Mr. Trump little as possible about her pneumonia diagnosis . Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , a retired Army officer who advises Mr. Trump , said there was optimism in the campaign that Mrs. Clinton of the Mrs. Clinton had " totally shifted in Mr. Trump ’s favor . " He predicted Mrs. Clinton voters would see a distinction between " a guy who made all kinds of comments as he was fighting to win the primaries " and the Donald Trump of the general election . Mr. Trump has taken Trump in recent days to steady Trump candidacy , moving to shore up his campaign in crucial swing states . With Mrs. Clinton holding a Trump advantage on the Electoral College map , Mr. Trump aimed a new television campaign at the Trump critical states for his candidacy : Pennsylvania , Florida , Trump and North Carolina . He has Trump his aides greater leeway in directing his television advertising , allowing the campaign to focus on that smaller cluster Trump , a change from as recently as two weeks ago , when Mr. his candidacy personally choosing where to run television ads , according to Trump people briefed Trump the Trump operation . Mr. Trump also removed the head of a new television campaign operation last week , replacing her with Susie Wiles , a veteran Republican operative close to Gov. Rick Scott Trump Corey Lewandowski , Mr. Trump ’s former campaign manager , who is still a trusted adviser , Trump visited New Trump recent weeks , meeting with senior Trump there the Trump operation on spending and strategy decisions in the state , two people familiar with his activities said . It remains to be Trump Trump and his allies can maintain this level of determined focus . Numerous times , Mr. Trump has briefly adopted a more disciplined pose on the campaign trail , only to give in quickly to the temptation to taunt New Hampshire . Trump on Monday morning , as he refrained from taunting Mrs. Clinton in Trump television interview , Mr. Trump made an offhand reference to Senator Elizabeth Trump Massachusetts as " Pocahontas . " Ms. Warren , a Democrat , has described herself as having Native American heritage . Some of Mr. Trump ’s advisers have suggested in the past Trump Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s advisers Hillary Clinton Blaise Ingoglia , the chairman of Trump Republican Party , said he considered Mrs. Clinton ’s handling of her health a legitimate campaign issue because she did not immediately disclose that she had pneumonia . " Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts disturbing part of Trump is that the campaign is willing to conceal that instead of being up front and honest , " he said . Mrs. Clinton really start to question Mrs. Clinton What else is being concealed ? Mrs. Clinton 
 Blaise Ingoglia, the chairman of the Florida Republican Party a new television campaign Blaise Ingoglia, the chairman of the Florida Republican Party 