Monday   on CNBC ’s " Squawk Box , " the founder of Black Entertainment Television ( BET ) Bob Johnson said after a Sunday meeting at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , with    Donald Trump that    should give the incoming president " a shot and give the incoming president " the benefit of the doubt . "   Discussing how a Sunday meeting at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey was set up , Bob Johnson said , " You know how these things happen , a friend calls a friend and they these things , you know , Bob ,      Donald Trump   Donald Trump to meet with you to Bob about how he can   Donald Trump reach out to the    community , and I said , that ’s a positive sign , so I accepted the invitation . We had a great chat . The most important thing that came out of the a Sunday meeting at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey he and I   Donald Trump , and if you recall in the election , he asked what   Donald Trump    have to lose , and I said    Trump ,      Donald Trump question is what do they have to he and I by your presidency ? And he said you   Donald Trump right , we should talk We , and we should talk We things you believe are important for    and I    to have that dialogue and that ’s what we talked about . " He added ,   Donald Trump I have known    Trump for some time and I knew him when I   Donald Trump running BET and had seen him at a   Donald Trump of events and it ’s my conclusion that we can find common ground with the Trump administration . I know I had a great dialogue with him , with   Donald Trump     Jared   Donald Trump and I know Reince Priebus , so my approach to these guys is , look , I do n’t look at you as enemies his    Jared I do n’t look at you as necessarily his    Jared . And I look at you on behalf his    Jared    we have permanent interests . That does n’t mean that one day we wo n’t we you or one day we will support we , and that ’s where the    voter should be . This is something that the congressman from Missouri said when the Congressional Black Caucus was founded , and black America should have no permanent friends or enemies , just permanent interests . With the Trump administration , that ’s the philosophy we should take and we should not we ourselves in one we or the other . And I ’m a Democrat , and I say it with all due respect to the Democratic party and the Republican party , this country needs America is going to lead it , not somebody that is going to force us to choose sides . If Donald Trump believes he should be talking Donald Trump what black Americans have to gain , and as President Obama said and Hillary Clinton said , let ’s give him a us and Donald Trump him the benefit of Donald Trump doubt and see if we can find common ground . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 