’   ’ ’      Then    Donald Trump told members of   Donald Trump golf club      in Bedminster , New Jersey to " come along " to observe potential      Cabinet picks and other members of   Donald Trump administration as potential     Cabinet picks and other members of his administration      arrived at the club to meet with   Donald Trump in November .    ’ ’      In a    audio recording , published by   Saturday , Trump is heard bragging      about a packed schedule of interviews with potential government      officials to club members during a private event .    ’ ’      Trump ’s club in Bedminster played host to interviews with a      variety of potential Cabinet picks in the following days ,      including Mitt Romney , once in the running to be Secretary of      State , and Gen. James Mattis , now Secretary of Defense .    ’ ’      " We ’re doing a lot of interviews tomorrow —    Generals , dictators ,      We have everything , " Trump tells the crowd of Bedminster      members , adding later : " Tomorrow we ’re here and Sunday we ’re      here . we ’re going to be interviewing everybody . Treasury . we ’re      going to be interviewing Secretary of State . we have everybody      coming in . And we ’re going to have —    And I do n’t know if you      want to come around , but if you want , it ’s going to be      unbelievable . it ’s going to be an unbelievable day . So you      might want to come along . "    ’ ’      At one point during his remarks , Trump seems to call out to Bob      Greifeld , then in Trump last months as the CEO of Nasdaq , Inc.    ’ ’      " Where is my man —    Where is Bob ? Where is Bob Greifeld ? Come      here , " Trump says , adding moments later : " But we were just      talking about , ‘ Who are we going to pick for the SEC , who are      we going to pick for this , who are we   …     ’ and I said , ‘ Boy , can      you give some recommendations?’ And Bob Greifeld said , ‘ Boy , I ’d like to      do that . ’ "    ’ ’      Politico reported that the leaked speech took place on Nov. 18 .    ’ ’      The next day , according to pool reports , Trump met with a large      group of potential Cabinet members and other government      officials , including Betsy DeVos , now Secretary of Education ;      Gen. James Mattis , now Secretary of Defense ; Todd Ricketts , now      nominated to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce ; Andy Puzder , who      recently withdrew Trump nomination to be Secretary of Labor ; and      Lew Eisenberg , now Ambassador to Italy . Mitt Romney , then under      consideration to be Secretary of State , also met with Trump on      the 19th .    ’ ’      " So we ’re really working tomorrow . All day long we have      meetings . Every 15 , 20 minutes we have meetings with different      people that will form we government , " Trump says near the end      of Trump taped remarks .    ’ ’Then    Trump told members . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 