Dutch Party for Freedom ( PVV ) founding leader and member of parliament , Geert Wilders , has said founding leader and member of parliament, Geert Wilders will speak at the United States Republican convention in the summer in support of likely party candidate Donald Trump . [ Geert Wilders , who is presently facing charges of inciting hatred and discrimination against Moroccans in his native Netherlands is Mr. Wilders and has praised the likely party candidate Donald Trump candidacy for its unaccommodating stance on Muslim mass migration the European   movement   Speaking out after Ted Cruz and John Kasich stood down from the Republican candidate race and left likely party candidate Donald Trump as the only credible candidate earlier this week , Mr. Wilders said of Mr. likely party candidate Donald Trump " He has guts , a lot of good ideas Mr. Wilders speaks to broad groups in society " reports Rotterdam ’s largest newspaper Algemeen Dagblad . Of the coming race against the candidate most likely to the Republican candidate race win Mr. Wilders primaries , but she is incredibly unpopular with the ordinary man and woman in the U. S. I give Trump a good chance " . Reflecting on the rise Clinton right wing populist politics Mr. Wilders seemingly    Mr. Trump and the likely victory of anti mass migration candidate in this month ’s Austrian presidential elections , Mr. Wilders remarked : " The patriotic spring in the U. S. Europe and Netherlands is unstoppable , trust me " . Mr. Wilders called for Europe to close its borders to Muslim migrants in November , shortly before Mr. Trump called for a temporary halt on Muslim migration to the United States . Clearly impressed Mr. Wilders Wilders said at the U. S. Europe time : Mr. Wilders I hope [ Donald Trump ] will be the next US President . Good for America , good for Europe . We need brave leaders " . Mr. Wilders leader takes a keen interest in the United States , and was present at the Garland Draw Mohammed Competition attack in 2015 the United States Although he is a veteran campaigner himself , he has been taking clear hints from Mr. Trump ’s forthright the United States channeling the famous slogan by remarking " Make the Netherlands Great Again ! " last month . The PVV leader forward to the 2017 elections in The PVV leader Netherlands , Mr. Wilders said : Donald Trump] 15 , 2017 we will return the Netherlands to the Dutch " . Mr. Wilders is presently fighting a court battle in the Netherlands for remarks he made in 2014 the Netherlands he asked a group of his supporters whether they wanted to see fewer Moroccans in the Netherlands or not . When they chanted Mr. Wilders Fewer ! Fewer ! " he replied the Netherlands we ’ll take care Mr. Wilders that " . His defence Mr. Wilders has challenged many of Mr. Wilders 6 , a group of his supporters complaints lodged against his client the Netherlands case as " fake " . a group of his supporters examination , it has transpired many of them Mr. Wilders made by illiterate Muslim migrants who in some cases did n’t Mr. Wilders know what they were signing . Mr. Wilders’ trial will resume in August His defence lawyer 
 them 