WASHINGTON   —    Judge Neil M. Gorsuch presented Judge Neil M. Gorsuch on Monday as a creature of consensus during a sharply partisan Supreme Court confirmation hearing , clouded throughout by the bitter nomination fight that preceded it over the past year . Democrats , seething from the hearing ’s opening moments , made clear that Democrats, seething from the hearing would not let the public forget about Judge Merrick B. Garland , President Barack Obama ’s nominee last year , whom Republicans refused to even consider at a hearing , saying the seat should be filled by the winner of the presidential election . But when it was his turn , Judge Gorsuch reached often for comity during a      speech , insisting that Judge Gorsuch favored no party above the law and appearing to brace for attacks from critics who have said Judge Gorsuch rulings tilt toward corporate interests . " I ’ve ruled for disabled students , for prisoners , for the accused , for workers alleging civil rights violations and for undocumented immigrants , " Judge Gorsuch told the Senate Judiciary Committee . " Sometimes , too , I ’ve ruled against such persons . " Beginning four days of planned hearings over Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination , the proceedings on Monday   —    light on direct confrontation , heavy on senatorial windiness   —    set the contours of the debates to come : Democrats raised questions about Judge Gorsuch’s Gorsuch on issues like workers’ rights and aired concerns about President Trump ’s often dim view of the judicial branch . Republicans sought to insulate a plainly    jurist whom they hope Republicans install as the court ’s next conservative stalwart . And Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s position himself above politics Judge Gorsuch’s on the eve of formal , rigorous questioning from senators on Tuesday . Leaning often on biography in his speech , Judge Gorsuch’s Gorsuch cast Judge Gorsuch’s a humble Judge Gorsuch’s , reared on    with malice toward none in his decade as a Judge Gorsuch’s appellate court judge based in Denver . " My decisions have never reflected a judgment about the people before me , only a judgment about the law and the facts at issue in each particular case , " he said . " Judge Gorsuch’s good judge can promise no more than that . And a good judge should guarantee no less . " A judge who is pleased with every ruling he reaches , Judge Gorsuch added , " is probably a pretty bad judge , stretching for policy results he prefers rather than he the law compels . " Judge Gorsuch thanked Mr. Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch not mention the president ’s attacks on the judiciary since taking office , leveled against judges who have ruled against the administration in its push to enact a the administration ban from certain predominantly Muslim countries . He spoke generally of the Judge Gorsuch and noble work of judges , perhaps signaling an indirect rebuttal to Mr. Trump ’s comments , Mr. Trump " disheartening " Judge Gorsuch private meetings with senators last month . Judge Gorsuch did not mention Judge Garland on Monday . Democrats , still grappling with how aggressively to oppose this nomination , were eager to fill the void . " I just want to say I ’m deeply disappointed that it ’s under these circumstances that we begin our hearings , " Senator Dianne Feinstein we California , the committee ’s top Democrat , said at the top of her remarks , citing the " unprecedented " Senator Dianne Feinstein of California " of Judge Garland after the death last year of Justice Antonin G. Scalia . Senator Michael Bennet , Democrat of Colorado   —    who introduced Judge Gorsuch , his constituent , alongside the state ’s Republican senator , Cory Gardner   —    said that while it was " tempting " to deny Judge Gorsuch a hearing as well , " two wrongs never make a right . " Mr. Bennet said he had taken no position on Judge Mr. Bennet , despite his glowing introduction Judge Gorsuch introductory speaker , Mr. Bennet K. Katyal , an acting solicitor general under Mr. Obama , endorsed the nominee explicitly , in what Gorsuch allies hope will be a powerful testament Judge Gorsuch his résumé . By choosing Judge Gorsuch , the nominee Trump has forced Democrats to reckon with Mr. Bennet of obstructionism they long lamented from Republicans . In their    Democrats statements , Democratic senators made no Democrats to quibble with Judge Gorsuch ’s qualifications or temperament . While several members have already said they will vote against him , the prospect of several members    fight has concerned some more moderate Democrats , particularly those who face    in states that Mr. Trump won . If Judge Gorsuch can not meet the    threshold needed Judge Gorsuch’s a filibuster , Republicans could change longstanding rules and elevate him on a simple majority vote . Even some criticisms Judge Gorsuch’s to hint at the likelihood of Judge Gorsuch being seated , one way or another . Judge Gorsuch’s ’re going to have your hands full with this president , " Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , said at one point during a discussion of executive branch overreach , seeming at least briefly to assume Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation . " He ’s going to keep Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s Leading up to the hearings , Democrats had gotten little traction for their arguments against Judge Gorsuch . Even on Monday , the proceedings were Democrats at times Judge Gorsuch’s hearing across the Capitol , where the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , confirmed an investigation into contacts between Russia and members of the president ’s orbit . But skeptics of Judge Gorsuch hope to amplify several concerns , turning particular attention to his case Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s issues and the rights of employees . Repeatedly , the Judge Gorsuch’s of a stranded truck driver was invoked : Judge Gorsuch had written a dissent arguing that a trucking company was permitted to fire Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s abandoning his cargo for his own safety in subzero temperatures . The weather was frigid , Mr. Judge Gorsuch’s said , Judge Gorsuch’s " not as cold as your dissent , Judge Gorsuch . " Ms. Feinstein said it remained to be seen whether Judge Gorsuch could Judge Gorsuch’s as " a reasonable mainstream conservative . " Other Democrats argued that Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s handpicked by Judge Gorsuch’s groups like the Federalist Society rather than principally by Mr. Trump . Judge Gorsuch’s J. Leahy , Democrat of Vermont , said Judge Gorsuch was " selected by interest groups . " In their own opening remarks , Republicans often sought Judge Gorsuch’s Judge Gorsuch’s counterparts of hypocrisy , suggesting they were only now Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont to anxieties over executive authority . " Some of Republicans colleagues seem to have rediscovered Republicans appreciation for the need to confine each branch of the government to its constitutional sphere , " said Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa and the committee ’s chairman . the government also rejected any claim that the seat belonged to Judge Garland . Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said that believing in a purported " great plan to get a Trump nominee on the court " required an expectation that " Trump was going to win to begin with . " " I did n’t believe that , " said Mr. Trump , who has often criticized Mr. Trump . Senator Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas , extended the argument considerably . This nomination carried " Trump said , Mr. Cruz very direct role " in the outcome by electing Mr. Trump amid Mr. Cruz over an open seat Mr. Cruz Before the election , Mr. Cruz suggested that if Hillary Clinton won , Republicans might seek to preserve the court vacancy indefinitely . 
 