GOP frontrunner Donald Trump says GOP frontrunner Donald Trump thinks former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush would have been the Republican Party nominee had former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush not entered the race . [ " I think former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush would have been the Republican Party nominee had I not gotten in , but I was able to define former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush early , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the New York Times during an interview on Tuesday .   During the an interview on Tuesday touted GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ability to bring fresh thinking into the primary election process . Do n’t forget I ’m the one that , when former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush would say , " The country was safe when my brother was president , " I said , " Excuse me , the World Trade Center came down . " Do you know , nobody thought of that ? Trump ’s the World Trade Center the paper clip . Nobody thought about the paper the paper clip the guy that thought of it , and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump the paper clip rich . And everyone else said , " Why did n’t I think of that idea ? " Trump also said he ’s Trump at the legality of the delegate process , criticizing the ability to be able to bribe delegates . It ’s the World Trade Center rigged system . It ’s the World Trade Center disgraceful , disgusting rigged system in the Republican Party . Worse than the Democratic Party , the Republican Party Democratic case it ’s the World Trade Center with superdelegates . Look at Bernie . He wins every week , and Bernie says he ca n’t win . In Bernie Democrat Party , it ’s the Republican Party have a superdelegate , that ’s like the Republican Party it in your face . The Republican Party it worse , the Republican the Republican Party system where you can buy the Republican Party you want . And you can do anything you want with a delegate , except give them cash . I can play the game better   —    the delegates can fly them on a 757 to     I can fly them to California the delegates I own a place that ’s unbelievable , the delegates the Pacific Ocean . But it ’s a bad system . You ’re buying the election . the Republican Party ’s really wrong , and I ’m looking into it , the election . Trump described having voted for himself for president the election Tuesday in the New York GOP primary as Trump great " honor . " 
 