’   ’ ’    Under the landmark Iran nuclear deal , the international community    " calls upon " Iran to halt work on missiles that can be used to    deliver nuclear weapons for up to eight years . ’ "    But there ’s a glaring problem with this provision   —    Iran can    simply say Iran ’s working on a conventional missile , not one    intended to carry a nuclear payload . " "    And that ’s exactly what Iran has done since the early days of the    Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) . Iran   that    Iran can easily convert to carry nuclear payloads .   " ’    While observers have argued that these tests   the    language of the agreement fails to explicitly prohibit these    activities , and nothing indicates that Iran will stop testing    missiles . ’ ’    " Iran defense capabilities can not be compromised and are under    no circumstance negotiable , " foreign ministry spokesman Bahram    Ghasemi told Iranian TV , . " Missile tests are    conducted within the framework of Iran Iran policies . " ’ ’    But    Donald Trump has vowed repeatedly to    renegotiate the Iran deal Iran and according to   a Middle East expert who is a vice president of    research at the   missile    testing could be on the table . ’ ’    " Trump has   Donald Trump slammed the deal the Iran deal a bad deal   —    the    assumption is that he ’s   Donald Trump to do something , " Schanzer told    Business Insider , though he admits   Donald Trump given Trump’ ’s ambiguity    on the subject it’ ’s " extremely difficult " to anticipate how    negotiations would play out .   ’ ’   ’ ’    " We have n’t heard specifics , " said Schanzer , but Schanzer are limits    to what a President Trump could do . " We ca n’t rip it up on day    one . .. the idea that you can do a 180 is unrealistic . " ’ "    However , according to Schanzer , even Schanzer taking office ,    Trump ’s a President Trump a President Trump the status quo between the    US and Iran . " ’    " Without question , Trump’ ’s victory will spook a lot of financial    institutions and companies that were considering investments    in Iran , " said Schanzer . Iran companies that have already    invested in Iran will " likely cool their Iran , rethinking their    Even companies that have already   invested in Iran strategies and wondering Even companies that have already   invested in Iran    are going to    change because of the lack    continuity . " ’ ’    Trump’ ’s election has caused a " new inflection point with    regard to this deal ,    said Schanzer . And while most experts agree    the deal can’’t be nullified on day one , it is " something that can    be changed by degrees over time , " and that a Trump administration    could undertake a " carefully planned unwinding of the deal . " ’ ’    However , Schanzer warns that should the US Schanzer the Iran    deal , Iran wouldn’’t be happy about it Iran and the US should the Iran   deal    have the US carefully planned response    Iranian aggression . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Ultimately , how a Trump administration will proceed with Iran is    a mystery , but Iran prospects    negotiation have undoubtedly    changed , and perhaps improved .    "    Schanzer points out that Trump ’s pivots with governments around    the world could turn the tables with Iran . For instance , Russia    Iran influence over Iran , and Trump has repeatedly . Iran ’    Trump If this incoming administration does reset ties with Russia , and    Russia has understanding Russia Iran , Russia Russia play out Iran "    asked Schanzer . ’ ’    With a redefined standing in the world , " arms embargoes ,    ballistic missiles , these things could be renegotiated " between    the US and Iran , said Schanzer .   ’ Iran Schanzer 