  ( CNN ) North Korea has staged North Korea largest ever military drill to mark the founding of the country ’s army , amid rising tensions with the West . A statement from the South Korean military said the    exercises were in the Wonsan region in the east of the country’s Tuesday afternoon , but gave no details on what kinds of weapons and military units took part in the drill . On Wednesday , CNN was told by a North Korean government official with knowledge of the event that it was the largest ever drill conducted by the the country’s military and involved 300 artillery guns . North Korean North Korean Jong Un gave the order to start the demonstration , where the      guns lined up along the coast opened fire , state news agency KCNA reported Wednesday . In a statement from the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff , South Korea said it was monitoring South Korea situation and remained " firmly prepared . " " Our military is South Korea monitoring the North Korean military ’s movements , " said the statement . a statement from the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff exercises such as the one undertaken by North Korea are not South Korea it was always likely there would have been a show of military force on Armed Forces Day . This year is the 85th anniversary of the founding of North Korean army . But North Korean , as the US increases its military presence in the area the US allows North Korea to remind its South Korea it could cause South Korea damage with South Korea artillery to highly populated areas in South Korea . In a statement South Korea artillery drills were confirmed , the South Korean President ’s Office said an emergency meeting had been held to discuss the situation . Separately , envoys from South Korea , Japan and the US South Korea meeting in Tokyo to discuss North Korea ’s refusal to abandon its nuclear program . North Korea ’s drills coincided North Korea’s military exercises held North Korea’s South Korean navies in the Yellow Sea , off the western coast of the Korean Peninsula . Earlier Tuesday , a US submarine made a port call in South Korea in what US officials said was a show of force amid mounting tensions in the region .   A CNN team in North Korea said citizens in the streets of Pyongyang were celebrating South Korea Day , with no visible signs of tension .   Message to Seoul ? Alex Neill , a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies Asia , told CNN the artillery drill was likely to be a message to Seoul CNN " It ’s important for the DPRK to remind the Seoul that very the artillery drill swathes of the South Korean population are within artillery range of the North , " he said , using the official name for North Korea .   Neill So it is a sign that if the North is provoked or there is preemptive action , then a the North Seoul and its suburbs would be within artillery range of the North . " Neill Seoul nuclear and chemical weapons could also be the North artillery strikes . " As ( North Korea has ) one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons , again North Korea be used for that . Sarin gas does n’t have to be dropped , " he said . Trump : North Korea is ’a real threat’ Relations between North Neill and the US Trump’s South North Korea deteriorated in recent months , as the North Korea military posturing on both sides North Korea . There have been occasions in the past when political tensions have reached crisis point     most recently in April 2013      but Trump ’s firm rhetoric on North Korea in recent weeks is unusual for a US leader . Fears have also mounted in recent North Korea North Korea could soon conduct a sixth nuclear test or another missile launch .   On Monday , US North Korea Trump said the status quo with    North Korea was unacceptable , calling for new sanctions on Trump’s This is a real threat North Korea North Korea we want to talk about it or not , North Korea said at a lunch for ambassadors of countries who sit on the Security Council . " North Korea ’s a big This problem , and it Trump’s a problem we have to finally solve . People put blindfolds on for North Korea now it ’s time to solve the problem North Korea " The Trump administration has taken the unusual step of calling the entire US Senate to a North Korea at the White House , for a a big world problem North Korea Trump’s secretaries of Defense and State . Some analysts voiced concerns Trump was backing himself into a corner with his fierce rhetoric on North Korea , leading both countries to a point where " bad things are going to happen . Trump’s USS Vinson Trump’s as tensions build , Trump’s this month , the North Korea announced it would be sending the USS Vinson , an aircraft carrier , to the Korean Peninsula , after US officials said they anticipated a fresh round of nuclear tests and missile launches the Trump administration   Its deployment was met with threats by the North Koreans .    newspaper Rodong Sinmun said over the weekend US officials an editorial the country could sink a "   aircraft carrier with the Trump administration single strike . "   North Korea held an enormous military parade held to celebrate the anniversary of the birth of the country ’s founder , Kim Il Sung on April 15 .   Prior to the celebrations , satellite images had shown the rogue state could be preparing for another nuclear test the country the end , no nuclear test was held that day , but a performance on the Day of the Sun still showed a propaganda video where missiles struck the United States and a US flag was left in flames . 
 