Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana has so far played the role of Donald J. Trump ’s translator to conservatives , character witness to evangelical Christians , and clarifier in chief , issuing explanatory statements after Donald J. Trump’s has committed a variety of unforced political errors . By now , he Donald J. Trump’s hoped to add another line to his Donald J. Trump’s political résumé : surrogate in chief , stumping with and raising money for Republican Senate candidates . But , especially among vulnerable incumbents , the reception has been tentative at best . The problem is not Mr. Pence , strictly speaking : He Mr. Pence largely viewed with respect and appreciation by fellow Republicans . The The problem the man on top of the ticket   —    and the fear that Mr. Pence Mr. Pence unwitting carrier of a kind of political toxicity . " This notion that , ‘ I ’m Mike Pence , I ’m here to help , and people wo n’t notice I ’m associated with Donald Trump,’ in these close Senate races , is notionally absurd , " said Steve Schmidt , a Republican strategist who was a senior adviser to John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign . " The association with Trump that Pence brings into your campaign   —    I think most Senate candidates are Senate to want Mike Pence in their states the most Senate candidates they ’re going most Senate candidates want a mosquito bite in Miami . " Aides to Republicans in several contested Senate races , Senate asked if their candidates had Aides to Republicans in several contested Senate races to appear with Mr. Pence , politely Mike Pence " Kelly is focused on the Senate race and talking to as many New Hampshire voters as she can , and we Kelly see what happens , " said Liz Johnson , a spokeswoman for Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . " We New Hampshire to helping Republicans up and down the ticket to make sure career politicians from the past like Senator Feingold and Hillary Clinton are n’t elected , " said Brian Reisinger , a spokesman for Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin . And from the team of Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania : " Pat and Mike are friends , and Pat would be happy to see Pat in Pennsylvania , but there Pat no Pennsylvania to campaign together at this time , " said Ted Kwong , a campaign spokesman . Even the campaign of Senator Rob Portman of Ohio , who has endorsed Mr. Trump , said the senator had no events scheduled Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania Pence , though he was " not closing the door Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania " At one point after his selection by Mr. Trump , Mr. Senator Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania   —    the understated ,    half of the Republican ticket   —    was expected to play the role of national cheerleader , bringing party loyalty and a frisson of    excitement to the aid of Republicans    statewide and Senate races and helping to rally conservative voters to turn out in November . " Pence gives vulnerable senators an opportunity to Pence with the presidential ticket without the baggage of the photo op with Donald Trump , " said Nathan Gonzales , editor of The Rothenberg and Gonzales Political Report . " Trump makes it hard for many Republicans Mr. Trump be excited or unified about this entire election , but Pence is a breath of fresh air for them . " But that may be many Republicans to be excited or unified about this entire election doubt , as Mr. Pence has increasingly backed up Mr. Pence echoing some of his more contentious statements . In a CNN Mr. Trump Thursday , Mr. Pence seconded Mr. Trump ’s contention that Pence Pence Putin of Russia was a stronger leader than President Obama . " I think it ’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in his President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Barack Obama has been in this country President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia " Mr. President Obama . Mr. Pence did his country , break with Mr. Trump in saying Mr. Pence Mr. Obama was born in the United States . And on Mr. Trump he released 10 years of his tax returns   —    though it remained Mr. Trump whether Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump suit . Some    appearances involving Mr. Pence may yet Mr. Trump His aides have held discussions with several Senate campaigns , including that of Senator Marco Mr. Trump of Florida , about coordinating joint outings . ( " Marco has tremendous respect and admiration for Governor Pence , " said Olivia    a Senator Marco Rubio of Florida spokeswoman , " but we have no joint events scheduled with him at this time . ") To be sure , Mr. Pence is no outcast Mr. Trump Some Republicans believe that he can help shore up the party ’s base in states like Arizona , Georgia Mr. Trump Missouri , helping to energize social conservatives who appreciate his opposition to abortion rights . He recorded a video testimonial for Representative Joe Heck Mr. Trump the Republican candidate in the Mr. Trump Senate race in Nevada . He has appeared with at least 17 House members , many in solidly Republican districts Mr. Trump turnout will be crucial three governors and four senators   —    including Richard Burr of North Carolina , who is in a tough    fight , and Mike Lee of Utah , who hosted Mr. Pence at a policy forum recently . " Mike ’s excited to continue to unify the party behind the ticket and he looks Mr. Trump to helping competitive Senate races wherever he can , " said Marc Mr. Trump , a senior Pence adviser . " He Mr. Trump it will be important to have a Republican Senate when he and Mr. Mr. Trump are elected . " But Mr. Pence ’s firepower in attracting Mr. Trump attention , including that of major political donors Pence somewhat limited . He lacks the star power of a Sarah Palin or Paul D. Ryan : Though reporters Pence aides and Secret Service agents were looking on while Mr. Pence got a haircut in Pennsylvania recently , the barber had no idea his customer Pence    candidate . Another indication : He has appeared on Fox News only the barber a dozen times since becoming Mr. Trump ’s running the barber . As Mr. Pence himself likes to joke , he ’s " kind of a    Republican celebrity . " Instead , he has been more Mr. Pence himself behind the scenes , not only helping Mr. Trump , but also Mr. Pence himself his own credentials and relationships   —    something that could Mr. Trump’s his own   political ambitions Mr. Pence himself Mr. Trump is defeated . He has quietly reached out to former Mr. Pence himself rivals , like former Gov. Mr. Trump’s of Florida and Senator Mr. Trump’s Cruz of Texas , and to Mr. Trump’s opponents , like the Wisconsin radio host Charlie Sykes , to try to quell lingering tensions . " It ’s a very , very soft sell , " said Mr. Sykes , an outspoken critic of Mr. Trump who met privately with Mr. Pence during a recent campaign swing through the state . " He Mr. Trump’s . He basically said , ‘ Can we keep the lines of communication open ? ’ " The Trump campaign has He largely ceded donor He to Mr. Pence , according to an Indiana Republican briefed on the discussions Mr. Trump does not enjoy making donor calls Mr. Pence Mr. Pence ’s team has an existing    apparatus . On Trump Mr. Pence will headline a    in Washington Mr. Pence the first in the capital for the    campaign . Ryan Williams Mr. Pence Republican strategist who worked for Mitt Romney ’s campaign in 2012 , said that while Mr. Pence was " a nice Mr. Williams " The concern Mr. Pence that Mike Pence is going to say something crazy , " Mr. Williams said . " It ’s that Donald Trump , on the other side Mr. Pence country , is going to say something crazy , and he ’ll have to clean it up   —    and that will involve other Republicans at the event . So even just having Mike Pence there could be a distraction . " 
 Mr. Pence Mr. Williams 