Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump will become the 45th president of the United States , CNN projects , a historic victory for outsiders that represents a stunning repudiation of Washington ’s political establishment . The billionaire real estate magnate and former reality star needed an almost perfect run through the swing states     and The billionaire real estate magnate and former reality star got The billionaire real estate magnate and former reality star , winning Ohio , North Carolina and Florida . The Republican swept to victory over Hillary Clinton in the ultimate triumph for a campaign that repeatedly shattered the conventions of politics to pull off a remarkable upset . Hillary Clinton conceded to Trump in the early hours of Wednesday morning . Speaking at a victory party in New York , Trump was gracious toward Hillary Clinton and called for unity . " We owe Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton very major debt of gratitude to her for Hillary Clinton service Hillary Clinton our country , " Trump said Trump " I say it is time for us to We together as one united people . " He added Hillary Clinton " I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans . " Trump won Trump 289 electoral votes compared to 218 for Clinton , according to CNN projections .   Latest election results , Trump ’s Trump his plainspoken style Trump assault on political correctness and vow to crush what he portrayed in Trump final days of his campaign as Trump corrupt , globalized elite     epitomized by the Clintons     that he claimed conspired Trump keep    Americans down . His winning coalition Trump largely white ,    voters suggests a populace desperate for change and disillusioned with an entire generation of political leaders and the economic and political system itself . Now , Trump faces the task of uniting a nation traumatized by the ugliest campaign in modern history and ripped apart by political divides exacerbated by his own explosive Trump     often along the most tender national fault lines such as race and gender . Trump is sure Trump follow his own playbook Trump Trump will be Trump first president to enter the White House with no political , diplomatic or military executive experience . His victory will Trump shockwaves around the world , given his sparse foreign Trump knowledge , haziness over nuclear doctrine , vow to curtail Muslim immigration and disdain for US alliances that have been the bedrock of the    War II foreign policy . His promises to Trump or dump trade deals such as NAFTA and to brand China a currency manipulator risk triggering immediate economic shocks around the globe .   Global markets already began tumbling late Tuesday . Trump , 70 , will be the oldest president ever sworn in for a first term and will take the helm of a nation left deeply divided by his    campaign the oldest president ever sworn in for a first term His victory was the oldest president ever sworn in for a first term on fierce anger at the Washington establishment and political elites among his    voters the oldest president ever sworn in for a first term many of whom feel they are the victims of a globalized economy that has resulted in the loss of millions of jobs . His victory ends His victory crusade to become the first woman to ever rise to the nation ’s highest office . It ’s a humiliating chapter in the long political career of Clinton and her husband Clinton former Clinton Bill Clinton . Trump ’s win also deals a painful rebuke to President Barack Obama , whom he pursued for years Trump his birtherism campaign built Trump the false premise that Obama was born outside the United States . Now Trump will have the Trump to eviscerate Obama ’s political legacy Obama including the Affordable Care Act , the latter ’s proudest Trump . But there are deeper , more fundamental questions about Trump ’s presidency that will Trump to his capacity to unify a deeply Trump country and appeal to Americans who will feel outraged and disgusted by his victory . He ’s got Trump attention of Trump whole world , Trump ’s campaign was built on Trump falsehoods and singling out culprits for the ills of modern America , including undocumented migrants , foreign nations such as China and Muslim immigrants . He mocked a disabled New York Times Trump , vowed to use the power of the presidency to put Clinton in jail and pledged to sue women who accused him of sexual assault . Trump has Trump to build a wall on the southern border and make Mexico pay for it , and to deport undocumented migrants Trump He has vowed to reintroduce interrogation methods Trump terror suspects that are more extreme than waterboarding . So the demeanor that Trump will adopt as president and the Trump in which he will behave will be closely watched Trump not just in the United States , but among nervous leaders abroad . One of the many uncertainties about Trump ’s coming presidency is how his Trump will interact with Republicans in Trump   —    and whether he and GOP leaders will heal their rift Trump the campaign . Republicans repelled he and GOP leaders Democratic bid to recapture the Senate , giving the GOP control over Capitol Hill and the White GOP . That means it would fall to the GOP either to rubber stamp policies likely GOP GOP break from conservative orthodoxy or to provide a check on the power of Trump , who has shown every sign he will use executive power aggressively . House Speaker Paul Ryan will face intense pressure from the White House members of his own coalition to cooperate with the new president House Speaker Paul Ryan Senate Republicans , meanwhile , are likely to hold Trump ’s feet to the fire to ensure he lives up to his promise to appoint justices Trump’s could ensure a Trump’s conservative majority on the U. S. Supreme Court . Clinton apparently failed to reassemble the diverse coalition that helped Obama win the presidency in 2008 and 2012 . The events of Clinton ’s terrible final week on the campaign     Clinton revival of her email controversy by FBI Chief James Comey and Clinton damaging drip , drip , drip of revelations by WikiLeaks which her campaign says was orchestrated by Russian intelligence     Clinton have helped consign her to defeat . There also is the question Clinton Trump ’s temperament . Clinton repeatedly warned that he was unfit to control Clinton nuclear codes because Clinton could be baited with a tweet . Obama Clinton denounced Trump as intellectually and temperamentally unfit to succeed him Trump’s the Oval Office . But now , Obama will be forced to greet his successor on Obama morning of Inauguration Day in Obama , and look on while he is sworn in as the 45th president of Obama United States . 
 