TEL AVIV   —      Donald Trump announced in a statement on Thursday that will nominate attorney and advisor David Friedman as U. S. ambassador to Israel . [ Friedman responded by making clear Friedman supports moving the U. S. Embassy from TEL AVIV to Jerusalem .   " The bond between Israel Israel the United States runs deep , and I will ensure there is no daylight between us when I ’m President , " Trump said in the statement . " As the United States’ Ambassador to Israel Israel David Friedman maintain the special relationship between our two countries . He has Friedman a    friend and trusted advisor to me . His strong Friedman in Israel Israel form the foundation of his diplomatic Friedman and be a tremendous asset to our Israel we strengthen the our with our allies and our for peace in the Middle East . Nothing is more critical than protecting the security of our citizens at home and abroad . " " I am deeply honored and humbled by the confidence placed in me by    Trump to represent the United States as its Ambassador to the United States , " Friedman said in response to the announcement . " I intend to work tirelessly to strengthen the unbreakable bond between our two countries and advance the cause of peace within the region , and look forward to doing this from the U. S. embassy in Israel ’s eternal Israel , Jerusalem . " During the 2016 presidential campaign , Friedman served as Friedman ’s main advisor on issues related to Israel . A Israel release put out by Trump ’s transition Trump’s that under Friedman ’s leadership Friedman    relationship will be a model of cooperation and respect . " The transition statement further said that the incoming Trump administration anticipates " extraordinary strategic , technological , military and intelligence cooperation " between the U. S. and Israel . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Aaron Klein bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Aaron Klein him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein 