Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Loretta Lynch made Attorney General Loretta Lynch official Wednesday : Hillary Clinton will not be charged for using a personal email server during Hillary Clinton tenure as secretary of state , removing a    shadow over Hillary Clinton 2016 bid . " Late this afternoon , I met with FBI Director James Comey and career prosecutors and agents who conducted the investigation of Secretary Hillary Clinton ’s use of a personal email system during her Secretary Hillary Clinton’s as secretary of state , " Lynch said in a statement .   " I received and accepted their unanimous recommendation that the thorough ,    investigation be closed and that no charges be brought against any individuals within the scope of the the investigation of Secretary Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email system during her time as secretary of state " she said Secretary Hillary Clinton’s   Clinton ’s campaign quickly welcomed the news . " With the AG accepting Director Comey ’s recommendation , this case is resolved , no matter Republicans’ attempts to continue playing politics , " campaign spokesman Brian Fallon tweeted . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called the decision " a slap in the face to the many Americans entrusted with classified information who play by the rules and those who have been punished for lesser offenses . "   " Those who have mishandled classified information have had their security Those who have mishandled classified information revoked , lost their jobs Those who have mishandled classified information faced fines , and even been sent to prison , yet Hillary Clinton is being allowed to play by a different set of rules , " he said Hillary Clinton a statement . " By so blatantly putting its political interests ahead of the rule of law , the Obama Administration is only further eroding the public ’s faith in a government they no the Obama Administration believe is on their side the Obama Administration " Lynch ’s announcement comes the day after Comey said in a news conference that he was Comey recommending charges against Clinton     even as he slammed Comey as Clinton     " extremely careless . "   He also Comey contradicted Clinton ’s Clinton     that she never Clinton or received classified information over that private email server .   " Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended Clinton violate laws governing the handling of classified information , there is evidence that they were extremely Secretary Clinton or her colleagues in their handling of Secretary Clinton or her colleagues sensitive , highly classified information , " Comey said . Comey ’s decision Comey with sharp criticism from Republicans , with a House committee pulling Comey in for a Comey on his decision set for Comey .   Lynch , too , has come under scrutiny after meeting     with former President Bill Clinton at a Phoenix airport last week .    The decision by Lynch Comey’s decision the legal Lynch for Clinton     but does n’t end the former President Bill Clinton of an email scandal that has dogged her campaign from its outset .   It former President Bill Clinton all Comey’s decision fresh political fodder Comey’s decision presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , who bashed Clinton and complained of a " rigged system former President Bill Clinton     on Tuesday in North Carolina .   " What s going on is very big . .. for Bill Clinton to go to the plane , former President Bill Clinton have what happened . .. Everybody thought based on what was being said she was guilty . She was guilty . And former President Bill Clinton turned out that former President Bill Clinton ’We’re not going to press charges.’ It ’s really amazing , " he said at it campaign rally . 
 former President Bill Clinton 