’   ’ ’    An 11th woman came forward Saturday to accuse Donald Trump    of sexual misconduct , alleging that Donald Trump    or one of Donald Trump       associates once offered An 11th woman $ 10 , 000 to accept a " private    invitation " to Donald Trump    suite . ’ ’    Jessica Drake made the allegations during a press conference with      attorney Gloria Allred , who has represented two    other women making accusations of sexual misconduct the    Republican nominee in recent weeks . ’ ’    ’ ’   Jessica Drake said the incident with Trump took place in 2006 , while ’ ’   Jessica Drake    was working for the    company Wicked Pictures . The two    were attending a golf tournament in Lake Tahoe . ’ ’    ’ ’   Jessica Drake said after meeting Trump and touring the golf course with       ,    invited ’ ’   Jessica Drake to    penthouse suite . ’ ’   Jessica Drake said ’ ’   Jessica Drake    accepted but brought two other women , as ’ ’   Jessica Drake " didn’’t feel right "    going alone . ’ ’    Once there , ’ ’   Jessica Drake said , Trump grabbed each woman tightly and    kissed each woman without each woman consent . ’ ’’ ’    After ’ ’   Jessica Drake left , ’ ’   Jessica Drake said ’ ’   Jessica Drake received calls from Trump . ’ ’    When ’ ’   Jessica Drake declined , ’ ’   Jessica Drake said , Trump asked ’ ’   Jessica Drake , " What do you    want ? How much ? " ’ ’    After continuing to decline and saying ’ ’   Jessica Drake had to return to Los    Angeles for work , ’ ’   Jessica Drake said ’ ’   Jessica Drake received another call , either    from Trump or a man calling on his behalf , offering $ 10 , 000 and    use of Trump private jet if ’ ’   Jessica Drake accepted Trump private invitation . ’ ’    " This is not acceptable Trump for anyone , much less Trump    presidential candidate , " Drake said at the press    conference . " I realize that in this situation , I may be but    a tiny grain of sand , but clearly this is an enormous beach . " ’ "    Drake said she told some friends about the experience immediately    after it happened , but that she Drake n’t Drake their names with    the press .    ’    " I understand that Drake may be called some friends liar or an opportunist , but    I will risk that in order to stand in solidarity with women who    share similar accounts that span many , many years , " Drake said . ’ ’    Trump has denied all allegations against him , and said earlier on    Saturday he plans to sue his accusers after Election Day . Trump His campaign released a statement Saturday afternoon Trump    Drake’ ’s Trump " totally false and ridiculous    Trump ’ ’    " Mr. Trump does not know this person , does not remember this    person and would have no Trump ever knowing her . This is    just another attempt this person campaign to defame a    candidate who just today is    one in three different polls , His campaign statement read . ’ ’    Last week , after another woman and former " Apprentice " candidate    whom Allred is representing came forward with allegations of    sexual misconduct , Trump attacked Allred as part of his response    to the accusations . ’ ’    " When Gloria Allred is given the same weighting on national    television Trump the President of the United States , and unfounded    accusations Allred as fact , with reporters throwing due    diligence and    to the side in a rush to file their    stories first , it ’s evident that we truly are    in a broken    system , " he said then . ’ 
 