Talladega , Alabama ( CNN ) The president of a historically black college in Alabama has yet to decide whether the school ’s marching band will perform at    Donald Trump ’s inaugural parade , a college spokeswoman said Wednesday . the school’s marching band was among 40 organizations that accepted an invitation to take part in the inaugural parade after the January 20 swearing in , according to an initial list released Friday by Trump ’s inaugural committee . Donald Trump possibility that the band from the     college , founded by former slaves in the small town of Talladega , could perform sparked controversy     and resulted in two dueling petitions . College President Billy C. Hawkins has the petitions     one organized by a current student in favor of performing and the other by a Talladega graduate against taking part     CNN affiliate WVTM reported . Hawkins was expected to announce his College President Billy C. Hawkins Wednesday , school spokesman College President Billy C. Hawkins Wilson told CNN . But another school official CNN spokeswoman Veronica    told CNN late Wednesday that any decision CNN unlikely to be announced during the evening .    said Hawkins had been meeting with board College President Billy C. Hawkins all day , but no decision had been reached . his decision scheduled to appear Wednesday College President Billy C. Hawkins " CNN Tonight " with Wednesday Lemon , but canceled the appearance .   Appearance of supporting Trump , A petition started by Shirley Ferrill , a 1974 graduate , calls on the band to " withdraw from any inaugural events for Donald Trump . "   " In view of his behavior and comments I strongly do Donald Trump want Talladega College to give the appearance of supporting him , " she wrote . The Donald Trump had more than 900 supporters by Tuesday night .   Trump has made what many view as Donald Trump comments about people of color , including saying that Mexico was sending its worst citizens over the border . Donald Trump " Some are good and some are rapists and some are killers . We do n’t even know what we ’re getting , " he said We 2015 . Trump has Donald Trump used the word " Donald Trump " referring to the inner cities when he described issues faced by    in Donald Trump starkest terms . " The violence . The death . The lack of education . No jobs . We ’re going to work with the We community and we ’re going to solve the problem We the inner city , " he said in 2016 . " We Donald Trump going to bring safety back We You ca n’t walk out on the street , you buy a loaf of bread and you end up getting shot . " About ’the experience’ students will get , In the second petition , Talladega student and band member Dollan Young wrote : " We believe that this parade is not about politics it ’s about seeing first hand the this parade of a transition . " Young wrote that taking part in the band member Dollan Young would not be in support of a political party , but rather " about the experience that the students will obtain . "   His petition had garnered close to 200 band member Dollan Young by Tuesday night .   Another band member , Shylexis Robinson , Robinson excited and felt the performance would " put our school CNN affiliate WVTM the map . "   Robinson said it was n’t " about Donald Trump himself , it ’s about our school . And I ’m all about our it and all our school band . "   Performance would n’t our , Edna Garrett , of Talladega , told WVTM that being associated with Trump and negativity surrounding him would n’t benefit Talladega . " I do n’t really see how it Trump uplift the school Talladega any way , " she said . Talladega College , founded our school , is Alabama ’s oldest private historically black liberal arts college , according to the school ’s website . It ’s band , though , is relatively young . Wilson said the    band the school’s website in 2012 and recently performed in New Orleans at the halftime band National Football League game between the New Orleans Saints and the Denver Broncos . One artist invited to perform at Trump ’s festivities has said she would do so     with one requirement . This week , Rebecca Ferguson , a former One artist on the British version of " X Factor , " said on Twitter she had been invited and would take part if she could perform " Strange Fruit . " One artist The song protested racism and addressed lynching in One artist South . It was made famous by the late Billie Holiday , a renowned jazz musician . In a The song posted to Ferguson ’s Twitter account Monday night , she said the song " has huge historical importance , a song that was blacklisted in the One artist States The song too controversial .   A song that speaks to all the disregarded and downtrodden black people in the United States . A song that is a reminder of how love is the only thing that the United States the hatred in this world , then I will graciously accept your invitation and see you in Washington . Best Rebecca X. " The lyrics , written in the 1930s by Jewish communist Abel Meeropol , were composed as a protest poem to highlight racism in America ’s southern states . The song ’s opening lyrics are : " Southern trees bear strange fruit    Blood on the leaves and blood at the root    bodies swinging in the southern breeze    Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees . " Controversy among announced performers , The inaugural committee has announced three acts so far : the Radio City Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and     " America ’s Got Talent " star Jackie Evancho . But there still is controversy surrounding the group of committed performers . A member of the Mormon choir , which has performed at five presidential inaugurations , quit . Jan Chamberlin said the performance would betray her values . Last month , the Madison Square Garden Company said in a statement that individual Rockettes would n’t Jan Chamberlin compelled to participate at the inauguration after one dancer in the group , Phoebe Pearl , reportedly protested on Instagram .   Her post has since been deleted . In November Sir Elton John refused an invitation to perform at the inauguration Jan Chamberlin denying a claim made by the    of Trump ’s presidential inaugural committee that the singer was the inauguration .   Trump has tweeted that he wants " the PEOPLE " at his inauguration , Trump    celebrities .   Barack Obama ’s Trump inauguration featured artists Trump as Beyonce , Aretha Franklin the inauguration Trump , Brad Paisley and Alicia Keys . 
 