On Thursday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " On the Record , " while reacting to the attacks in Nice , France , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated " when I come out with my    correct statements , that a lot of people love , and some people are so terrible , and then you have attacks like this and so many other attacks . " And that " I would not allow people to come in from terrorist nations . I would do extreme vetting . I would call it extreme vetting , too . "   Donald Trump said , " [ I]t sounds like here we go again . it ’s going to be a whole different world . we ’re living in a whole different world . There is no respect for law and order . There is no respect for anything or anybody . And this has to be dealt with very harshly . And , when I come out with my    correct statements , that a lot of people love , and some people are so terrible , and then you have attacks like this and so many other attacks . I mean , let ’s see what happens with this one . this one ’s early to tell . But I would think that perhaps you ’re not wrong the way you started this question . We have to get awfully tough and We have to get very , very smart and vigilant , and if We do n’t , We ’re just not going to have a society . We ’re not going going to have a world anymore . This is crazy what ’s going on . " He added , " I ’d be making it very , very hard for people to come into our country , for one thing , from terrorist areas . I would be so extreme in terms of documentation . We have people that   —    Hillary Clinton wants to allow 550 % more than Obama , and Obama ’s allowing a lot of people to come in . We have no idea . They are from Syria , maybe , but They have no paperwork many times . They do n’t have documentation proper . I would make it   —    I would not allow people to come in from terrorist nations . I would do extreme vetting . I would call it extreme vetting , too . And , you know , our country has tremendous problems . We do n’t need any more of tremendous problems . Right now we We more investigations of this kind going on than we We ever had in the history of our country . And we ’re We to allow thousands and tens of thousands of more people coming in . And then you see a situation like in Nice , France , it ’s a horrible thing . And we better get awfully tough . " Although , he later said , when asked about prospective VP pick Indiana Governor Mike Pence ( R ) saying he disagrees he a Muslim ban , " I ’m not going to agree with anybody . " Trump further stated , " We ’re trying to be so nice . We ’re We to be so civil . We ’re We weak . the world has got to strengthen up . And we have We be very tight with our borders We It ’s now a different world , Greta . This is n’t 40 years ago and 80 years ago . This is This different world . We ’re We to be so politically correct , and we ’re We such big mistakes . " Trump added Trump if the attack is a radical Islamic attack , President Obama should " say it"s radical , if it is , and it may not be .    …       And then not let people into our country , Greta . " He concluded Trump " Look , somebody said it , the other day , Trump is the law and order candidate . I ’m the border candidate . I ’m the great trade candidate , we ’ll make great trade deals . But I am indeed the law the law and order candidate Hillary is weak and ineffective . She ’s been   —    Hillary created ISIS with her stupid Hillary . So , Hillary this turns out to be yet another attack from radical Islam , then we ’re going to have to take   —    our president is going to have we finally admit , and do something about it . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 