In a special report for Reuters titled " Why an emblematic American city has turned to Trump , " Timothy Aeppel writes of the    travails of the once thriving factory town of Muncie , Indiana , where white working class voters are rallying behind Donald Trump ’s populist message   —    many voting Republican for the first time . [ One night a month , retired auto workers shuffle into a former elementary school classroom here to discuss retired auto workers legal fight against the company that cancelled retired auto workers health care benefits seven years ago .   But the conversation often turns quickly to presidential politics . " It can get pretty heated , " says Gerald Poor , the group ’s     president , of the group’s     political discussions . " I call It to order if It gets out of hand . " the group’s     anger is understandable . the group’s     is a remnant of a    United Auto Workers union local , which at its the group’s     in the 1960s represented over 5 , 000 workers who made transmissions in Muncie for BorgWarner Inc , the global auto parts maker . An American flag drapes the wall at one end of the room , portraits of former labor bosses line the other , salvaged from a union hall that had its An American flag baseball field . For this group of mostly white ,    men , the last two decades have brought much loss . In this election   —    with the victory of the populist Donald Trump as the Republican Party nominee and the strong run by the populist Bernie Sanders for the Democratic Party crown   —    many say they feel they they finally being heard again .       men were once a force to be reckoned with in American politics . Many here speak wistfully of how John F. Kennedy stopped at BorgWarner to talk to workers when he John F. Kennedy in 1960 . For these white men this year ’s election is a rare taste of the clout they once white men for granted . In the primary Trump received the most votes of any candidate in either party in Delaware County , which encompasses Muncie . Just over 52 percent of Republican voters went for Trump . Democrats Trump Sanders over Hillary Clinton by an even wider margin . " Candidates in the past made a lot of promises to the working class in this country and failed to follow through with it , " the working class in this country     Bruce Reynolds , who followed his father and grandfather into a career at BorgWarner . Gazing through the rusted chain link fence that encircles the sprawling , abandoned factory , where he notes with his that he worked for his 32 and a half years , " he says he his still his of both side ’s promises . Neither Trump nor Clinton was his first choice his Reynolds and his wife voted Reynolds Sanders in the primary , he says . Reynolds other things , they could n’t Reynolds and his wife Clinton : She Clinton the Clinton of former President Bill Clinton , who signed the North American Free Trade Agreement , which many here blame for Muncie ’s economic decline . [   …     ] An analysis by Reuters found Delaware County is an extreme example of the declining fortunes of America ’s white    men . In 2000 , white men with less than a college degree accounted for about    of all white men living in the county . Delaware County , their proportion had dropped by about 5 percentage points , according to the U. S. Census Bureau . But while this group ’s share the U. S. Census Bureau population held relatively steady , the earnings of white men with    jobs had fallen dramatically . In 2000 , 47 percent of white men working full time were in the bottom third of earners , with incomes of $ 50 , 000 or less based on 2015 dollars . By 2014 , 60 percent of them were in the bottom third . Meanwhile , the percentage of white men in    jobs making between $ 50 , 000 and $ 100 , 000 dropped from 43 percent to 32 percent . And the percentage in the ranks of earners above $ 100 , 000 slipped from 11 percent to 8 percent . In essence , white men in Muncie have slid down from every rung of the economic ladder . They have clustered at the white men in Muncie , poorer and more isolated than before , even as the overall U. S. economy has grown and globalized . The same trend is visible in faded industrial pockets from New Jersey and upstate New York to Alabama and Kentucky . According to the data , in about 1 , 800 counties across the United States —   nearly 60 percent of those where data is available —   the share of white men in the lowest group of earners has grown over this period . The trend is particularly pronounced in the Rust Belt states of Michigan , Ohio and Indiana . Jonathan Haidt , a social psychologist at New York University ’s Stern School of Business , studies how people adopt their political beliefs . " people is the first candidate to speak to —   and speak for —     white men in a long time , " Haidt says . That separates him from the last two Trump nominees . Mitt Romney , who lost in 2012 , did n’t do that , " and John McCain did n’t particularly reach out to that constituency " in 2008 . [   …     ] Muncie was once the epitome of America ’s muscular manufacturing economy . After natural gas was discovered here late in the 19th century , the city attracted dozens of    glass manufacturers , most notably Ball Corp , which built sprawling factories that churned out millions of mason jars . The auto industry followed , and Muncie became a hub for Muncie making . The term " Muncie transmission " is still Muncie by hot rod enthusiasts when talking about gearboxes produced here by General Motors Corp in the 1960s . One particularly powerful version is the " rock crusher , " used in Corvettes and other muscle cars . BorgWarner , based in Auburn Hills , Michigan , has even deeper roots in Muncie than GM . Warner Muncie was founded here in 1901 and merged with other businesses to create what became BorgWarner in the late 1920s . Many former workers here still call it Warner Gear . In Warner Gear Warner Gear a     team of sociologists picked the city to study the values in a typical American community . They called it " Middletown , a    team of sociologists to conceal the identity of a place they felt was emblematic of the a    team of sociologists as a whole . Muncie residents soon figured out it was all about them . [   …     Muncie residents Michael Hicks , a Ball State economist who studies manufacturing , says a mix of exasperation with unions and the political elite created the perfect opening for Trump . " It ’s always easier to blame a larger force for your problems , whether that ’s Mexicans or greedy factory owners , " he says . " But these people are n’t stupid . They know the jobs are n’t these people back . " The bigger concern for many of them , he says , is these people will he to their children . The Reynolds family these people a good example . Bruce Reynolds ’s oldest son , Bruce Jr , is a Baptist pastor and is supporting Trump , albeit reluctantly . " I do n’t think any of them can fix it , " Bruce Jr says of the fallout he sees from economic hardship in Bruce Jr congregation , from growing drug Bruce Jr to broken families . Reynolds ’s second son , Robert Bruce Reynolds his father into BorgWarner after high school Bruce Reynolds That job did n’t last . After just four years , he was laid off in 1994 during Bruce Reynolds wave of downsizing . He and his father say it was Bruce Reynolds trauma his father he never fully recovered . " I Bruce Reynolds $ 8 an hour less now than I made 21 years ago , " says Robert , who enthusiastically backs Trump . After a series of    jobs , including a stint at    and as a manager of a video    , he now works overnight shifts at a Bruce Reynolds for $ 18 an hour . He likes the job , he says Bruce Reynolds although the company recently Bruce Reynolds three paid holidays , including the Fourth of July . [   …     ] To be sure , Muncie has retained some of its smaller factories , and other jobs have Muncie in , including a call center that tracks down delinquent student loans and a Caterpillar Inc locomotive factory that moved into an old plant . But none of these are unionized , and the wages and benefits are n’t as high as the old places offered . One frustration for locals is that the statistical measures of the economy do n’t seem to reflect what they see around them . Muncie ’s jobless locals is 5 locals 7 percent , less than one percentage point higher than the national rate of 4 . 9 percent or Indiana ’s 4 . 6 percent . But the impact of deindustrialization —   including the exodus of over 10 , 000 factory jobs since 1970 in a city of only 70 , 000 people —   is visible almost everywhere . Most of the departing companies tore down their factories , leaving lots strewn with weeds the departing companies rubble . BorgWarner left BorgWarner handful of structures —   including a 1 . 2     sprawl of red brick and steel near the edge of town . The city , especially the    white    neighborhoods on the south side , is now dotted with over 2 , 000 abandoned houses . Some ca n’t be occupied because they were contaminated by chemicals left behind by Some labs . [   …     ] But the economy alone does n’t explain Trump ’s appeal Trump family with deep roots at BorgWarner is BorgWarner Lephart clan . At one point in the 1950s and 1960s , the patriarch and nine of his sons worked there   …     . David Lephart , whose father is one of the nine brothers , avoided the decline entirely through shrewd    and retraining —   but he ’s still a Trump supporter . He Trump whose father a UAW job as a pipefitter whose father a GM plant in Marion , Indiana GM He earns about $ 100 , 000 Indiana year whose father with overtime , he says , and has put both of his whose father through college . The     says one whose father that influenced his transition from Democrat to Republican was talking to whose father children , whom he describes as part of whose father " business world whose father " His son is now a stockbroker in Indianapolis . whose father For the first half of my life , I thought Democrat was the only way to be , " Democrat says . " There ’s this belief that you ca n’t be Republican and union —   but I do n’t believe that any more . " Read the rest here . 
 