On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily , broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern , Breitbart London     Raheem Kassam will continue our analysis of the election of    Donald Trump , the progress of Raheem Kassam transition team , and Raheem Kassam policy vision , as the Trump cabinet takes shape in the run up to Christmas . [ Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy will discuss Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy thoughts on the choice of former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State .   Peter Morici , economist and business professor at the University of Maryland , will discuss Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy recent    on " Trump ’s Foreign Policy Reset . " Robert Spencer , director of Jihad Watch and New York Times bestselling author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam ( and the Crusades ) will discuss Robert Spencer, director of Jihad Watch and New York Times bestselling author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades) Breitbart London    about the recent comments UK Prime Minister Theresa May made about Robert Spencer, director of Jihad Watch and New York Times bestselling author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades) . Filmmaker Ami Horowitz will discuss Filmmaker Ami Horowitz assault while filming a documentary in an Islamic " No Go " zone in Sweden . his Breitbart London    James Delingpole will weigh in on the choice of former Texas governor Rick Perry as Energy Secretary . Live from London , Rome , and Jerusalem , Breitbart correspondents Breitbart London’s James Delingpole provide updates on the latest international news . Breitbart News Daily is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show the show " may call into the show at the show " . 
 