’   ’ ’    The Trump administration has been sending mixed messages on    Syria , but President Donald Trump and United Nations ambassador    Nikki Haley indicated Wednesday that the US might be putting    military action on the table in light of a recent chemical    attack . ’ "    The Tuesday attack on a    town in northwest Syria killed    at least 70 people . The Syrian military blamed The Syrian military on rebels , but    activists in the country say President Bashar   ’s forces    are responsible . " "    Trump said at a press conference Wednesday that the attack     and had changed Trump attitude    toward the Assad regime . The Trump administration had previously    indicated that ousting Assad , a brutal leader who has committed    atrocities against    own people , was n’t a priority . " ’    Also on Wednesday , Haley told the UN Security Council that when    the UN " consistently fails in the UN duty to act collectively , there    are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take we    own action , " a possible hint at US military intervention . ’ "    But the administration has been sending mixed messages on Syria ,    and Trump on Wednesday emphasized that    was n’t going to reveal       plan , saying    does n’t like to say what    ’s going to be    doing militarily . " "    Here ’s a look at what key people have said recently on the Syrian    conflict , which is stretching into its sixth year as rebels fight    to oust Assad . " ’    Trump has been all over the map on Syria . ’ ’    In 2013 , Trump urged    Barack Obama against military    action ,   " AGAIN ,    TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER , DO NOT ATTACK Syria IF YOU DO MANY    VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U. S. GETS    NOTHING ! " In   that month , Trump said , " stay out of Syria Syria " ’ ’    But Trump said Wednesday that he Trump to be flexible in his Trump positions . ’ ’    " That attack on children yesterday had a big impact on Trump . Big    impact , " Trump Trump . " That was a horrible , horrible thing . And    I’’ve been watching it and seeing it it it it get any worse    than that . "   ’ ’    The Trump : " It’ ’s very , very possible , and I    will    you it’ ’s It’ happened , that my attitude toward    Syria and Assad has changed very much . " ’ "    Trump ’s statement on Tuesday addressing the attack did n’t go    quite    far . " ’    " Today’ ’s chemical attack in Syria against   Syria people ,    including women and children , is reprehensible and can not be    ignored    the civilized world , " Trump said Trump the statement Trump’s statement on Tuesday addressing the attack calling    attack " the attack and attributing it to the Assad the attack regime . ’ ’    He also    this week to criticizing Obama for not taking    action in Syria years ago that could have put and end to the    civil war . ’ ’    In 2012 , Obama drew a " Obama line " and threatened military action    if the Assad regime used chemical weapons , but then backtracked    once evidence surfaced    such an attack . He opted instead    Obama broker a    in which the Assad regime agreed the Assad regime chemical weapons from    . Trump now calls this a mistake . ’ ’    " I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to    solve this crisis    long time ago when he said the red    in    the sand ,    Trump said . " And when Trump didn’’t cross that    after    making the threat , I think that set us back a long ways , not only    in Syria but in many other parts of the world because it was a    blank threat . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Haley , the US ambassador to the UN , has also made differing    statements on Syria . ’ ’    Just Syria week , Haley said the Trump administration’ ’s priority    " is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out . " ’ ’    " Do we think he’ ’s a hindrance ? Yes , " she told reporters . " Are we    going to sit there we focus on getting him out ? No . "    ’    And also last week , when asked at a   whether a political    solution in Syria would include a timeline for Assad stepping    down , Haley Assad vague . ’ ’    " I’’m not going to go back into should Assad be in or out , Assad she    said . " Been I’’m done that , right , in terms of what the US has    done . But I will tell you that he is a big hindrance in Assad to    move forward . " ’ "    But Haley ’s language   this week . " ’    " When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act    collectively , the United Nations are times in the life of states that we are    compelled to take our own action , " Haley told we UN Security    Council Haley Wednesday , appearing to allude to the possibility of    US intervention in Syria if such attacks continue . ’ "    She also pinned blame on Russia and Iran , Syria ’s main allies ,    for Syria a stop to the attacks . " ’    The Russian such attacks denied any responsibility for    Russia , saying Wednesday that the toxic gas was    released accidentally when a Syrian air strike hit a " terrorist    warehouse " containing " toxic substances . " ’ ’   ’ ’    So far during his tenure as secretary of state , Rex Tillerson has    been reluctant to call on Assad to step down . He has also    pinned blame on Russia and Iran for Assad to stop       attacks in Syria . ’ ’    Tillerson told reporters while he was in Turkey last week    Rex Tillerson the "   Rex Tillerson " of Assad would " be decided by the    Syrian people . " ’ ’    And he released a statement on the chemical attack on    Tuesday Rex Tillerson saying the US " strongly condemns " such actions , but    stopping short of saying that Assad must go . ’       " While we continue Assad monitor the terrible situation , it is clear    that this is how Bashar    operates : with brutal , unabashed    barbarism , " Tillerson said in the statement . ’ ’    Tillerson also said Russia and Iran " bear great moral    Tillerson for these deaths . " ’ ’    " Those who defend and support him , including Russia and Iran ,    should have no illusions about Assad Russia and Iran , "    Tillerson said . " Anyone who uses chemical Assad to attack Tillerson    own people shows a fundamental disregard for human decency and    must be held accountable . " ’ "    Tillerson hinted that    is Syria ’s allies , rather than the   Tillerson    that are responsible for stopping future attacks . " ’    In the statement , he called on Russia and Iran to " exercise    their influence over the " ’ "   Tillerson regime Russia and Iran the Assad regime sort of horrific attack never Russia and Iran again . " ’ ’The The Trump administration has been sending mixed . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 