  ( CNN ) New national security adviser H. R. McMaster is already setting a strikingly different tone than New national security adviser H. R. McMaster ousted predecessor , Michael Flynn , and President Donald Trump , saying the term " radical Islamic terrorism " is n’t helpful for US goals . At an    meeting of the National Security Council on Thursday , New national security adviser H. R. McMaster said jihadist terrorists are n’t true to their professed religion and that jihadist terrorists use of the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism " does n’t help the US in working with allies to defeat terrorist groups , an official present at the session confirmed to CNN . The phrase is unhelpful because the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism" like ISIS represent a perversion of Islam , and are thus    McMaster said , according to a source who attended the meeting .   An administration official acknowledged there is a " genuine difference of opinion " between Trump and McMaster on the use of " McMaster Islamic terrorism , " but said McMaster is not telling the President McMaster ’s wrong , and added the President ’s not a " major difference . " A source also said McMaster signaled that Russia was an McMaster , not a friend . And , in contrast to White House strategist Steve Bannon , who has called the European Union a flawed institution and expressed a desire to forge stronger ties with individual European countries , McMaster defended the    War II McMaster order , saying it was important for maintaining peace and security .    The meeting was " very good for morale " among the career NSC staff , the source said . The national security adviser ’s comments Thursday , which were first reported by The New York Times , and a separate email to all staff on Wednesday have buoyed the low morale at the agency , which has been largely sidelined in recent weeks because of the questions surrounding Flynn ’s conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kilsyak .   The retired lieutenant general resigned last week after it became public that he did not tell Vice President The retired lieutenant general Pence that conversations he had with the Russian ambassador The retired lieutenant general discussion about the NSC Career staff have described the NSC as a dead zone , with little activity while Flynn was in the throes of the controversy .   Flynn ’s deputy , K. T. McFarland , Flynn Thursday when McMaster spoke to NSC staff , the source said .   the NSC Friday , during his remarks to the Conservative Political Action Conference in the President , the President again used the term " radical Islamic terrorists , " as he often did on the campaign trail when criticizing the President Barack Obama for not saying it . " So let me state this as clearly as I can , we are going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country , " Trump said . " We will not be deterred from this course , we in a matter of days we will be taking brand new action to protect we people and keep America safe . You will we the action . we 
 brand new action 