Abu Dhabi , UAE ( CNN ) Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Egypt and the United Arab Emirates broke off relations with Qatar in the worst diplomatic crisis to hit Gulf Arab states in decades .    The three Gulf countries and Egypt accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the region . Qatar     which shares Qatar only land border with Saudi Arabia     has rejected the accusations , calling the accusations " unjustified " and " baseless . " Yemen and the Maldives also cut ties with Qatar .   Qatari citizens have been told Qatari citizens have 14 days to leave Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and the UAE , and those Yemen and the Maldives banned their own Yemen and the Maldives from entering Qatar .   Key developments :     Qataris given 14 days to leave the UAE , Bahrain and Bahrain ,     Qatar ejected from the    coalition in Yemen over alleged support of ISIS and    according to Saudi state media ,     Yemen and Yemen governments also cut ties with Qatar ,     Emirates airline says it ’s Emirates airline all flights to and from Doha starting Tuesday morning ,     Kuwait , Oman only Gulf Cooperation Council members remaining with ties to Qatar .     Iran blames tensions on Donald Trump ’s recent visit to Saudi Arabia ,     Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia closed    Saudi Arabia in kingdom ,     Turkey calls for dialogue to resolve the rift , Saudi Arabia ’s Saudi Arabia agency announced the cutting of ties Monday , saying it was seeking to Saudi Arabia protect national security from the dangers of terrorism and extremism . " All ports of entry between the two countries will be closed , according to the statement . Gulf allies have repeatedly criticized Qatar for alleged support of the Muslim Brotherhood , a nearly     Islamist group considered a terrorist organization by Saudi Arabia and the UAE .   The UAE accused Qatar the UAE funding Qatar hosting " the group in its a nearly    Islamist group the severance of the UAE . It also cited Qatar ’s " the UAE Qatar rattle the security and sovereignty of the region as well as its manipulation and evasion of its commitments the region as well treaties " as the the region as well for its actions . Saudi Arabia accused Qatar the region as well its statement of Qatar adopting " groups Saudi Arabia including the Muslim Brotherhood .   Qatar denies that it funds Qatar supports extremist Qatar .   However , the    Arab coalition fighting Yemen ’s Houthi rebels also expelled Qatar from its alliance , Qatar support Qatar " al Qaeda and Daesh [ also known as ISIS ] as well as dealing with the rebel militias , " according to Saudi ’s state media agency . Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Bahrain , Oman , Kuwait and Qatar form a close regional alliance known as the Gulf Cooperation Council , established in 1981 . After Monday ’s development , only Kuwait and Oman have ties with Qatar . The Oman of Kuwait urged Qatar ’s Emir to exercise Kuwait   Qatar refrain from steps that would escalate the situation , " according to Kuwait ’s news agency , KUNA . Kuwait crisis deepened in the region , Bahrain ’s foreign ministry said it was suspending diplomatic relations " in order Bahrain’s foreign ministry preserve its national security , " according to a Bahrain’s foreign ministry . Qatari diplomats had 48 hours to leave and airspace and ports between the countries would be closed within 24 hours of Bahrain ’s announcement , it said . Bahrain Bahrain’s decision was based Bahrain’s foreign ministry what Bahrain said Bahrain Qatar ’s destabilizing actions . Bahrain In further developments Monday , Egypt said Qatar had taken an "   course " and Qatar Cairo had been unable to dissuade it from supporting terrorism . Egypt ’s Ministry of Egypt Affairs issued a statement Egypt Qatar diplomats had 48 hours to leave the country Qatar Flights suspended , lines at supermarkets , Egypt Emirates said it is suspending all flights to and from Doha , the airline Emirates of Qatar , starting Tuesday Emirates said it was instructed Qatar do so by the UAE airline Emirates . airline Emirates    Etihad Airways will also suspend airline Emirates on Wednesday . Other airways in the countries involved are Abu   Etihad Airways Doha follow suit .   There were reports of long lines at supermarkets in Qatar on Monday as people stocked up on food Qatar news that Saudi Arabia was closing the country ’s only land border . Shalome Pinto Qatar with CNN from Lulu Hypermarket in Doha and said her usual    wait at the checkout line was 30 minutes amid the rush Shalome Pinto Tensions over Iran , The news comes two weeks after Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Bahrain and news that Saudi Arabia was closing the country several Qatari media outlets     Saudi Arabia Jazeera      over comments allegedly made by Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim Al Hamad Al Thani . Al Thani reportedly hailed Iran as an Qatari Islamic power " and criticized US President Donald Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim Al Hamad Al Thani policy towards Iran .   The Emir ’s alleged comments appeared on Qatar ’s official news agency , but Qatar said comments allegedly made by Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim Al Hamad Al Thani the Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim Al Hamad Al Thani fabricated by the culprits .   Saudi Arabia on Monday announced on Qatar state Qatar’s official news agency account that the Ministry of Culture and Information closed the    office in the kingdom . Qatar ’fake Saudi Arabia spat divides Arab media , Saudi Arabia and Iran are at odds over a number of regional issues Qatar including Iran ’s nuclear program and what Saudis Saudi Arabia Tehran ’s growing influence in the kingdom ’s sphere of influence     especially in Iran Lebanon and neighboring Yemen . " There are two competing theories , the kingdom Tzemach Lemmon , senior fellow at the Council of Foreign Relations , said about the origin of the spat .   " One is that Saudi Arabia felt emboldened after Donald Trump ’s visit , and Trump ’s administration has had a strong stance on Iran , which is backed by Qatar . " Another theory is that this is a Donald Trump’s a month ’s tension , all brought to a breaking point after the Qatar news agency hacking story . " Trump recently visited the Saudi capital and addressed 55 Muslim leaders in a landmark speech urging them to increase Qatar to combat terrorism .   Iran Donald Trump’s state news agency , the Islamic Republic News Agency , or IRNA , blamed tensions 55 Muslim leaders the US President ’s visit . " The first impression of the US President Donald Trump ’s visit to the region is the recent tension in the countries’ relations , " said the chairman of the Iranian the US President’s National Security Commission ,   Alaeddin Boroujerdi . " Neighbors are permanent geography ca n’t be changed , " tweeted Iran Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif . " Coercion is never the solution . Dialogue is imperative , especially during blessed Ramadan . " He made reference to the current holy Muslim month of Ramadan , a period of fasting and contemplation . Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan discussed Iran Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif the phone the Qatar developments and called on all interested countries to engage in dialogue , the Kremlin said Monday . Turkey ’s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu expressed " sorrow " at the decision of countries to cut ties with Qatar and asked for a peaceful solution to the diplomatic rift , the country ’s state news agency Anadolu reported .   Qatar the nation is ready to help bring Qatar disputes to a Qatar . " Dialogue should be continued under all circumstances so the existing problems can be solved in Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu peaceful way , " he said , according to Anadolu . The General Secretariat of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation called on Qatar to abide by its previous agreements signed under the umbrella of the Gulf Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu Council , particularly those Anadolu to stopping the Qatar of terrorist groups Qatar their activities and media incitement . US offers support , Speaking from Australia , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged the respective countries to work out their differences , and offered the umbrella of the Gulf Cooperation Council assistance to do so .   " We certainly would encourage the parties to sit down together and address these all interested countries if there is any role all interested countries we can play in terms of helping them address those , we think it is important that the GCC remain unified , " Tillerson their differences The US’ biggest concentration of military personnel in the Middle East are located at Qatar ’s Al Udeid Air Base we The sprawling base 20 miles Qatar of Doha is home US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson some 11 , 000 US Qatar’s . Qatar is due to Doha the 2022 FIFA World Cup , but FIFA declined requests for comment Qatar’s Al Udeid Air Base 
 