  ( CNN ) Days after a raid on an al Qaeda compound in Yemen led to the first US military combat death under Donald Trump , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released an audio message taunting the new American President . In an    recording , AQAP leader Qassim    condemned a raid on an al Qaeda compound in Yemen , saying , " The new fool of the White House received a painful slap across his face . " the new American President The message was released an audio message taunting the new American President and translated by the SITE Intelligence Group . In the recording , Rimi also an   recording dozens of Americans were killed and wounded , " a number starkly at odds with the US account , which reported the death of one Navy SEAL , Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens . Three additional SEALs also were wounded . Rimi acknowledged the deaths of 14 Rimi and 11 women and children in the raid , a joint counterterrorism effort between the United States and United Arab Emirates . A senior US military official told CNN on Monday that Rimi was a target of the Rimi . The recording was released after last week ’s raid . Trump is using Obama as a security blanket , Civilian deaths , Reportedly among the dead was the     the daughter of Anwar    the late    cleric who directed attacks against the United States . Awlaki was killed in 2011 . Reprieve , a    nongovernmental organization , and a    human rights worker told CNN that at least 23 civilians were killed in the attack . " When the Americans escaped , they dragged their killed and wounded the Americans and the Americans found no other alternative but the Americans destroy their own planes so that it the Americans not be proof of their scandal , " Rimi said the Americans The senior US military official told CNN on Monday that intelligence collection CNN n’t the only objective of the Yemen raid but that it had also targeted Rimi . the Yemen raid In the event Rimi was n’t there , the Rimi military believed it would find intelligence that would Rimi lead to him , the official said . The senior US military official the The senior US military official not dependent on    being there , however , a senior US military official emphasized .   US Central Command , which oversees forces in the region , and the Pentagon are strongly denying    was an objective of the raid    On Tuesday , Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis said the Pentagon " There was never any intention , hope , anticipation or plan that he would be part of this operation Jeff Davis " " It was n’t a    target mission , " Col . John Thomas told CNN , referring to operations aimed at killing or capturing terrorist leaders . Thomas added no hard intelligence indicated a Col. John Thomas high possibility " Rimi was at the compound on the night of the raid , saying that Navy SEALs would have captured any leaders of the al Qaeda affiliate , including Rimi , as part of an    operation .   " Anyone found on site would have been taken , " Thomas said . NBC first reported that Col. John Thomas was a target of the raid Rimi   The chance to the raid such a pivotal member of al Qaeda may explain the large allocation of al Qaeda in the mission . Military botches release of video seized in Yemen raid , Raid missteps , Al Qaeda in Raid Peninsula fighters detected the al Qaeda before it reached its objective , leading to an intense firefight . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters news Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters the raid , the military had said the goal of the Raid to gather intelligence on the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen .   On Friday , the al Qaeda Qaeda training video seized during the raid but later pulled them because the video was nearly a Raid .   Government officials previously told CNN plans for an al Qaeda training video seized during the raid raid an al Qaeda training video seized during the raid in the works for months and that Trump    Raid shortly after his inauguration . How Donald Trump ’s first military action went from the Obama White House to deadly raid , Trump   the Pentagon said the Trump   the mission shortly after his inauguration in the deaths of 14 al Qaeda fighters , including two AQAP leaders . Many observers have considered al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula among the most dangerous , if not the most dangerous , branch of al Qaeda al Qaeda formation in 2009 .   Rimi reportedly became its leader following a 2015 drone strike that killed Nasir al Qaeda 
 al Qaeda Rimi 