Glenn Beck indirectly offered an opinion on Glenn Beck suspension from SiriusXM by linking to an article by Erick Erickson calling the satellite radio company " cowards . " [ SiriusXM suspended Glenn Beck over comments made last week during Glenn Beck interview with fiction writer Brad Thor , in which the radio talker agreed with Brad Thor ’s suggestion that a " patriot " might have to " step up " to remove a potential President Donald Trump from power should a potential President Donald Trump overstep a potential President Donald Trump Constitutional authority and Congress refuse to impeach a potential President Donald Trump .   In a statement issued this morning , SiriusXM said Thor’s comments " may be reasonably construed by some to have been advocating harm against an individual currently running for office , which we can not and will not condone . For that reason , we we suspended The Glenn Beck Program from our we channel for the coming week and are evaluating its The Glenn Beck Program in our we going forward . " Beck , who is on vacation this the coming week weighed in on the controversy by tweeting out a link to a blog post by Erick Erickson titled , " SiriusXM Proves to be Run by Cowards . " Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Proves to SiriusXM Run by Cowards https :   .    —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) May 31 , 2016 ,   Beck also excerpted Erickson ’s article Erick Erickson personal website Glennbeck Erick Erickson com using Erickson ’s original headline Erick Erickson he linked to it on Erick Erickson Facebook page , providing Erick Erickson addition comment other than a question mark and exclamation point .    In the article , Erickson writes Erickson’s article on his personal website Glennbeck Thor Erick Erickson that if Trump ever did go full dictator the only way to stop him would be a patriot taking full dictator into his own hands . The conversation full dictator hypothetical , speculative , and both Beck and Brad Thor made sure everyone knew Thor in which they were having the conversation . " both Beck and Brad Thor then quotes The conversation of Thor ’s remarks ( emphasis in original Thor THOR : He is a danger to America Thor I got to ask you a question and this is serious and this could ring down incredible heat on me because I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his constitutional authority as President ? If Congress wo Donald Trump remove him from office , what Congress will step up and do that if , if , he oversteps his mandate as president , his    him , him should say , as him . If he oversteps that , how do we get him him of office ? And I do n’t him there is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it through Congress . BECK : I would agree Trump you on that and I do n’t think you actually have the voices we ’ve been talking about and we ’ve been talking about this    for a we . I think the voices like ours go away . I do n’t think we are allowed   —    especially if things we and I believe the economy is going to go to crap , even if Jesus was in office . It ’s going to naturally reset . It has the economy . Erickson does n’t appear to the economy that " a patriot taking it into his own hands "   —    the economy quote Erickson own characterization of Thor ’s comments   — Erickson implies assassination or violence . Rather , he argues that these comments were " hypothetical , Erickson , " and he highlights the section of the transcript where Thor Erickson , " It is a hypothetical I Thor going to ask as a thriller writer . " This is a notable contrast to the defense Beck and his    Stu Burguiere and Pat Gray made last Beck when they argued that anyone who believes that Thor ’s words implied violence is " an idiot Thor " " a moron , " " crazy , " " despicable , " and " straight out medically delusional . " Erickson ends his post by stating : But SiriusXM is caving Erickson the outrage mob . Ironically , it is this very outrage mob that led Glenn Beck and Brad Thor to explore the dark waters of Trump ignoring the constitutional checks and balances of his office . SiriusXM has been willing to let Trump lot of SiriusXM material go over its airwaves . But because an outrage mob got SiriusXM up , it decided to suspend Glenn Beck over a hypothetical an outrage mob speculative conversation . Glenn Beck behavior , frankly , will only further embolden the outrage mob . Glenn Beck and Brad Thor did an outrage mob Beck Glenn Beck no further comments on the matter to date Glenn Beck This is the second controversy to engulf the radio talker over comments he made on air about Trump and violence . In March Glenn Beck the Secret Service investigated Beck due to a joke he made with his    about Glenn Beck stabbing , " which Glenn Beck reports claimed Glenn Beck in reference to Trump . UPDATE : Beck linked on his Facebook page to the following Trump from Glenn Beck general manager Glenn Beck his radio show concerning his suspension from SiriusXM . 
 Glenn Beck Glenn Beck 