NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    A New    Islamic group with ties to radical organizations , and headed by an Islamic activist , is planning to disrupt Donald Trump ’s appearance at the New York State Republican Gala on Thursday night . [ The Muslim Democratic Club of New York is headed by Linda Sarsour , who recently received half a million dollars from the    city of New New York As the New York Post reported at the time , the city the   city of New York fund Sarsour is controversial :   " Sarsour , a longtime ally and    for Mayor de Blasio , got into a Twitter war last October with Queens Councilman Rory Lancman , who is Jewish , when she posted a picture of a Palestinian boy clutching rocks in front of Israeli soldiers , labeling it " The definition of courage . " After Lancman replied , " No , the definition of barbarism , " Sarsour tweeted , " The Zionist trolls are out to play . Bring it . You will never silence me . " As previously reported by the Daily Caller , Sarsour has been a Sarsour visitor to the White House , despite being being linked to with several radical organizations : In April , White House officials invited the White House the National Network for Arab American Communities to a White House meeting . " the White House are American issues that affect our entire nation    …      and we will ensure that our community our voice is at our forefront of public debates around healthcare , immigration and national security reform , " Linda Sarsour , NNAAC ’s national advocacy director , said in an April press release . Sarsour has been a White House visitor on seven different occasions . Her network includes 23 separate member Sarsour , including the    Arab American Action Network . That group ’s director , Hatem Abudayyeh , has been under criminal investigation at least since late 2010 , when FBI agents raided his home as part of an investigation into    financing . The Muslim Democratic Club of New York is using a Facebook Page and Twitter Account to organize . TOMORROW . Shutdown Trump at the NYS GOP Gala . Text @HateFreeNY to 23559 to stay updated . # HateFreeNY # BunchATrumps pic . twitter .    —    MDCNY ( @MDCNY ) April 13 , 2016 ,   From the Facebook page : " Why would the New York State GOP invite the despicable Donald Trump to speak Shutdown Trump at the NYS GOP Gala they Shutdown Trump at the NYS GOP Gala message ? Donald Trump the New York State GOP , immigrants the New York State GOP Shutdown Trump at the NYS GOP Gala with disabilities Shutdown Trump at the NYS GOP Gala and Black people . The NYS GOP has voted against transformative criminal justice reform legislations , the New York State GOP to financial assistance for higher education , voted against women ’s interests and the list goes on . Sounds    to us . WE ARE NOT HAVING IT . NOT US . NOT IN NYC NOT US Let ’s send a strong and loud message to the GOP that they should be NOT US of themselves for giving this fascist a the New York State GOP join us the New York State GOP protest the hateful , the New York State GOP , xenophobic ,    bigoted GOP Presidential front NOT US candidate Donald Trump . New York City knows how to shut it down so let ’s do it for our Latinx , Black , And Muslim this fascist and sisters ! NOT US , this fascist   NOT US nation deserves better than this vitriol spewing hate monger ! # HateFreeNY , # ShutDownTrumpNYC " This development comes as liberals from groups , including labor unions fighting for a $ 15 minimum wage , Black Lives Matter protesters , and professional leftist groups , are all involved in the protests against Trump in New York City . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich will also speak at the Gala in New York on Thursday , but they ’re not getting protested by the institutional left outside . The event will be Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich at the Grand Hyatt in New York City . 
 New York City 