Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich engaged Megyn Kelly in an epic showdown over Megyn Kelly    Trump " bias " on Megyn Kelly ’s Fox News show Tuesday night . [ Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich accused Megyn Kelly of being " fascinated with sex " after Megyn Kelly used the term " sexual predator " to describe Trump . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich challenged Megyn Kelly to call Bill Clinton a sexual predator , but Megyn Kelly refused to do so , staunchly defending the Bill Clinton ticket and even saying that the polls show people do n’t care as much about Bill Clinton sexual indiscretions as they do people Trump alleged incidents .   At the end of the segment , Megyn Kelly accused Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of " anger issues . " Here are the fireworks : NEWT : I am sick and tired of people like you using language NEWT is inflammatory that ’s not true ! MEGYN : Excuse me , Mr. Speaker   …     You have no idea whether it ’s true or not . NEWT : Neither NEWT you . MEGYN : That ’s right . And I ’m not taking a position on it , unlike —    NEWT : Oh NEWT you are . When you used the words , you took a position . And I think it is very unfair of you to do that , Megyn . MEGYN : Incorrect Megyn NEWT : I NEWT that is exactly the bias that people are upset by . MEGYN : I Megyn that your defensiveness on this may speak volumes , sir . NEWT : No NEWT may I just suggest to you —    NEWT : No Megyn Let me make my point and then I will give you the floor . What I said is , IF Trump is a sexual predator then that ’s a big story . And what we saw on that tape was Trump himself saying Trump likes to grab Trump by the genitals and kiss them against their will women That women what we saw . Then we saw ten women we forward after he denied actually doing Trump at a debate to say , ‘ That was untrue . He did it to Trump ! it did Trump to Trump We it reporters , we who had worked with him , people from Trump , and so on and so forth . He denies it all Trump Which is his right . We Trump n’t know we the truth is . My point to you is , as a media story , we do n’t get we say that the ten women are lying . We have to cover we story , sir a media story : Sure . Okay , so it ’s worth 23 minutes of the three networks to cover that story , and Hillary a media story a speech in Brazil   …     saying her dream is an open border Hillary Clinton 600 million people could come to America . That ’s not worth covering ? MEGYN : That is worth covering . NEWT : You want to go NEWT: through the tapes of your show recently ? You are fascinated with sex and you do n’t care about public policy . MEGYN : Me , really ? NEWT : That ’s what I NEWT: out of watching you tonight . MEGYN : Well , you know MEGYN , Speaker , I ’m not fascinated by sex . But I am fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we ’re getting in the Oval Office . And I think the American voters would like to know —    NEWT : Ok , and therefore NEWT: ’re going to send Bill Clinton back to the East Wing , because after all you are worried about sexual predators . MEGYN : Yeah , listen , it ’s not about me , it ’s about the women and it of America . And the poll numbers show us that the women of America in particular are very concerned America these allegations and in large part believe that they ARE a real issue . the women of America in particular n’t dismiss the women summarily ! NEWT : the women of America in particular want to comment on whether the Clinton ticket has a relationship to a sexual predator ? MEGYN : We on the Kelly File have us that story as well , sir . NEWT : No I want to actually NEWT you use the words . Bill Clinton , sexual predator . I dare you . Bill Clinton , sexual predator . MEGYN Bill Clinton, sexual predator covered — NEWT us Disbarred by the Arkansas bar . NEWT by the Arkansas bar . MEGYN : Excuse me . Excuse me . NEWT the Arkansas bar , 000 penalty ? NEWT : Excuse me , sir . We on the Kelly File have sir the MEGYN matter , as well . We ’ve hosted Bill Clinton Willey , us ’ve covered the examples of us being accused as well , but he sir not on the ticket , and sir polls also show that the American people are less interested —    NEWT : He ’ll be in the East Wing . sir : In the deeds of Hillary Clinton ’s husband than in the deeds of the person who asks us to make him president , Donald Trump . We ’re going to have to leave it at Hillary Clinton’s husband . And you can take us anger issues and spend some time working on them , Mr. Speaker . NEWT : And you , too . 
 Hillary Clinton’s husband your anger issues 