You may have been asked at some point in your life how many of your friends are white or black , as a test for racial inclusiveness . Now try a question that reveals something about the class divide in the United States : How many of your closest friends did n’t graduate from college ? The insularity of elites has been noted frequently in this election season as an explanation for the failure of political operatives , journalists and scholars to recognize the political ascendance of Donald J. Trump . But it is n’t a new phenomenon . As my colleague Nate Cohn and others have pointed out , Americans tend to sort Americans geographically by party or ideology so that    people tend to live near one another . With the help of Morning Consult , a research technology company , we sought to measure such insularity . In a poll of more than 2 , 000 registered voters , it found that 29 percent of adults with at least a bachelor ’s degree say all five of 29 percent of adults with at least a bachelor’s degree closest friends have at least a    college degree . And 31 percent of adults who either never attended college or never graduated say none of adults who either never attended college or never graduated closest friends had at least a    college degree . The survey shows that the less educated are n’t quite as insular as the educated . Among those without a college degree , 10 percent said all of 10 percent five closest friends did n’t attend college . Among those with a college degree , 3 percent said all five of 10 percent never attended college . Among Americans who say they had postgraduate educations   —    doctors , lawyers , professors ,    graduates   —    57 percent say four or five of their best 57 percent have at least a college degree . Half of the people with a    college degree say that . Liberals are about as exclusive in their friendships Liberals conservatives : 34 percent of them say Liberals or five of their five Liberals friends have college degrees . Among conservatives it is 30 percent . Others have tried to measure the elites’ bubble . PBS NewsHour created a quiz for its viewers PBS NewsHour on " Coming Apart , " the 2012 book by Charles Murray , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . The quiz " the 2012 book by Charles Murray, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute determine just how isolated the American elite are . It asked questions " the 2012 book by Charles Murray, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute " Have you ever bought an Avon product ? " and " Have you ever bought a pickup truck ? " What it found was a pickup truck on a scale of 1 to 100 , the average score was 40 , with a lower score indicating insulation from mainstream American culture . The quiz was " the 2012 book by Charles Murray, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute of fun , but it still left unanswered " the 2012 book by Charles Murray, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute question of how isolated and polarized Americans are . Despite the separation of the college educated from the less educated , the Morning Consult survey shows that race still reveals a sharper separation . Among whites , 48 percent say all of their five closest friends are white .    percent of blacks say all of their five closest friends percent of blacks black , and 31 percent say none of their five closest friends percent of blacks white . Not surprisingly , people of the same income level say they flock together . people of the same income level one in three adults in households earning less than $ 50 , 000 a year say all of their friends have incomes people of the same income level level or below . Almost four of 10 adults in households earning more than $ 100 , 000 a year say none of their five closest friends Almost four of 10 adults in households earning more than $100, 000 a year less than $ 50 , 000 . A bubble envelops people by party affiliation as well . Among Democrats , almost 34 percent say all of their closest friends are Democrats , while only 7 percent of Democrats that say that none of their closest friends are their . With Republicans , 28 percent say all of their friends are Republican Republicans It should come as no surprise that Americans who tend to spend time with one another share the same views . Almost six in 10 people who disapprove of Barack Obama ’s job performance as president say all five of their closest friends disapprove Almost six in 10 people who disapprove of Barack Obama well . Asked about the Affordable Care Act , 43 percent of those who oppose it say all five the Affordable Care Act their closest friends also those who oppose it . And 39 the Affordable Care Act who support the health law say none of their five closest friends oppose it . We see the health law sharper divide with abortion : 56 percent who oppose more restrictions on abortion say their friends feel the 56 percent who oppose more restrictions on abortion way , and 39 percent who support more restrictions on abortion say all five of their closest friends support their friends restrictions . People who identified as political moderates tend to have views that are closer to those of    liberals than to those of    conservatives . But    terms of sharing friendships among people with less education , political ideology seems to make little difference . Nearly the same percentage of moderates , conservatives and liberals   —    about 36 percent   —    have few or no friends without college degrees . 
 