  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan ran through the gamut of policy issues Thursday night that Republicans in Congress will tackle in the new administration , offering House Speaker Paul Ryan thoughts on where House Speaker Paul Ryan and    Donald Trump saw     but also previewing a few looming disagreements . Here are the top things House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday evening to CNN ’s Jake Tapper : On the urgency behind plans to repeal Obamacare , " The law is collapsing , and so we ’ve got to rescue people . " On when to replace the Affordable Care Act , " we want to do this at the same time , and in some cases in the same bill . " On DACA , part of President Barack Obama ’s executive orders on immigration , " I can see that you love your daughter and you ’re a nice person who has a great future ahead of you , and I hope your future ’s here , " Ryan told an undocumented woman who asked if your daughter would be deported . On whether there will be a " deportation force " " I ’m here to tell you , in Congress , it ’s not happening , " Ryan responded , when reminded that Trump promised a " deportation force " on the presidential campaign trail . On Trump ’s attacking Trump on Twitter , " Trump did it to me all the time during the campaign . I ’m going to go out on a limb here and say this is going to be a very unconventional president . "   On ’dabbing’ " I actually do know what a dab is , " Trump said , recalling the moment this month when a congressman ’s son confused a congressman’s son by performing the viral move in a photo with the speaker . " I thought a congressman’s son was sneezing . " On why a congressman’s son supports legislation that defunds Planned Parenthood , " You do n’t have these controversies by funding health centers . " On lobbying reform , " What if you want to become an advocate for the cancer society ? " Ryan asked , questioning the need for    restrictions on congressional insiders . " What ’s wrong with congressional insiders advocating for causes that congressional insiders believe in ? " On the intelligence community , " I think the intelligence community has been politicized , " Ryan said of the intelligence community , agreeing with Trump . " I completely understand why Ryan ’s frustrated . " On Russian President Vladimir Putin , " Russia is a global menace led by a man who is menacing . Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin share our interests . He frustrates our Russian President Vladimir Putin . our interests 