Tuesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination , discussed a report from The Washington Post that in a private meeting " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination had with Mitt Romney , the 2012 GOP nominee . In a private meeting , Romney Mitt Romney reportedly said he Mitt Romney " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination was " unfairly burdened " by his brother Mitt Romney President George W. Bush ’s legacy .   Bush " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination that critique , calling his " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination his brother former President George W. Bush the most popular president " among Republicans and that he " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination honored to be a part of that family . " Look , Mitt Romney Mitt Romney great guy and I do consider him a friend Mitt Romney " Bush " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination . " In that private conversation we talked about the campaign because he was thinking Mitt Romney running . I went out the see him . I Mitt Romney him to know Mitt Romney I was all in and that I had a plan to win this . And I still do . So my " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination if you did the polling and actually looked at it , he ’s " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination the polling most popular president amongst Republicans in this country . So the whole idea that somehow he ’s " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican nomination burden   —    any mistakes I make , they ’re my own . My brother and my family , I ’m honored to be part of that family . I love my family . And all My brother and my family psychobabble that goes along with it , I ’ve gotten over it . You guys can meditate it your navels about that . I ’m not . " Later in ’m segment , Bush was asked if he would like to see his Bush take on Trump , Bush which Bush replied it was his job Bush do so . Bush I think that ’s my job , " he replied his job to do so I think Bush ’s my job . You got to take his job to do so bully head on and that ’s what I ’m doing . Everybody else is ’m the witness protection program , I ’ve noticed . But look , you got to stand up for a guy   —    when he says the things he says and guarantees a guy   conservative is not a guy   to be elected president , that ’s wrong . I ’ve been a conservative all my adult life and that ’s what I ’m fighting for is to make ’m the conservative cause is allowed to actually govern . And when we do , great things will happen for our country . " Follow Jeff Poor on we @jeff_poor 
 