On Monday ’s broadcast of Fox News Channel ’s " The O’Reilly Factor , " host Bill O’Reilly opened Bill O’Reilly program with Bill O’Reilly take on what is motivating Republican presidential    Donald Trump ’s rise during Donald Trump " Talking Points Memo " segment .   According to Bill O’Reilly , Donald Trump’s rise during his "Talking Points Memo" segment.   is fueled by what Donald Trump deemed to be " white grievance , " which Donald Trump specifically defined as white working class males that feel disaffected by both political parties . Transcript as follows : White grievance and the Republican Party . That is the subject of this evening ’s Talking Points memo . All the polls say the same thing . Donald Trump ’s rise is being fueled largely by white men who are both angry and furiously angry with both political parties . At this point 47 percent of Republican women say they Republican women not vote for Donald Donald Trump to a Wall Street    poll . So it ’s the guys who have catapulted the candidate to the top of the Republican Party pack . Election post , Donald Trump Donald Trump by 50 percent of the Republican voters who make less than $ 50 , 000 a year . Most of them men . Also Mr. Trump is Donald Trump just 32 percent of Republicans who have college degrees according to polling from 20 Republican primary states . So you can see that Trump support is largely Donald Trump from working class white men who feel aggrieved . Now , we have seen this before in America . The Black grievance industry is a powerful force . That group sells the notion that most problems in the    precincts are caused by White people and historical oppression . While the media gives that view a lot of attention , most    themselves reject the propaganda most   themselves Recent study by the Kaiser Family Foundation says 61 percent of American blacks believe the breakdown of the    family is a major reason for the economic deprivation in social problems in the black community . Now , in the White side the issue is similar . Many white Americans believe that illegal immigration hurts their job prospects and illegal immigration angered by changing neighborhoods and changing social patterns . Their refrain is often illegal immigration I want my country back . These voters are tired of seeing welfare doled out to people who are not motivated to succeed or even American citizens . They are angry that These voters is not being contained . They see the Republican These voters as largely cowardly in the face of political correctness . The white grievance crew These voters being oppressed economically and that These voters is looking out for them . Enter Donald Trump , who These voters reflects that anger and who has criticized his own party for being weak . the Republican Party the Black and the White grievance movements have some legitimate points . There is no question that in poor black neighborhoods , schools are generally deficient because the property tax base which supports the schools is low . So poor black kids are not being educated as well as affluent children . That ’s true . On the White side , here is a very simple example . The Republican Party did not , did not get behind Kate ’s law which would have partially punished illegal alien felons who defy deportation . While GOP senators like Grassley , McCain , and Cruz did actively try to get Kate ’s law passed , the Senate Majority Leader Kate McConnell did not . And in general , Republican politicians did not raise the flag on this issue . I mean , when you control both Houses of Congress , as a Republicans do , and you can not get a just law like Kate ’s law passed , there is a serious Kate’s law Trump is tapped into that chaos . Going forward , Mr. Trump ’s nomination not a lock . He has made serious Donald Trump will have to win over millions of Donald Trump who do not believe he is qualified . If you believe the polls , Mr. Trump is Donald Trump for a rough day tomorrow in Wisconsin . That Donald Trump , the issue of White grievance not going away . And Trump will maintain a very loyal level of support . Many of his supporters Donald Trump as I said , are furious . And Mr. Trump does Donald Trump get the nomination , the stay home factor , in Donald Trump ’s vote is likely to be substantial . And that ’s the memo . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 