Before the United States permitted a terrifying way of interrogating prisoners , government lawyers and intelligence officials assured government lawyers and intelligence officials of one crucial outcome . government lawyers and intelligence officials knew that the methods inflicted on terrorism suspects would be painful , shocking and far beyond what the United States had ever accepted . But none of it , they government lawyers and intelligence officials , would cause long lasting psychological harm . Fifteen years later , it is clear they government lawyers and intelligence officials wrong . Today in Slovakia , Hussein    describes permanent headaches and disturbed sleep , plagued by memories of dogs inside a blackened jail . In Kazakhstan , Lutfi bin Ali is haunted by nightmares of suffocating at the bottom of a well . In Libya , the radio from a passing car spurs rage in Majid Mokhtar Sasy    reminding him Majid Mokhtar Sasy    the C. I. A. prison where earsplitting music was just one assault to his Lutfi bin Ali . And then there is the despair of men who say they men who say they are no longer themselves no longer themselves men who say they are no longer themselves " I am living this kind of depression , " said Younous Chekkouri , a Moroccan , who fears going outside because he Lutfi bin Ali faces in crowds as Guantánamo Bay guards . " I ’m not normal anymore . " After enduring agonizing treatment in secret C. I. A. prisons around the world or coercive practices at the military detention camp at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , dozens of detainees developed persistent mental health problems , according to previously undisclosed medical records , government documents and interviews with former prisoners and military and civilian doctors . Some emerged with the same symptoms as American prisoners of war who were brutalized decades earlier by some of the world ’s cruelest regimes . Those subjected to the tactics included victims of mistaken identity or flimsy evidence that the United States later disavowed . Others were foot soldiers for the Taliban or Al Qaeda who were later deemed to pose little threat . Some were hardened terrorists , including those accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks or the 2000 bombing of the American destroyer Cole . In several cases , their Some were hardened terrorists, including those accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks or the 2000 bombing of the American destroyer Cole status has complicated the nation ’s long effort to bring them Some were hardened terrorists, including those accused of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks or the 2000 bombing of the American destroyer Cole justice . Americans have long debated the legacy of   . 11 interrogation methods , asking whether they Americans to torture or succeeded in extracting intelligence . But even as President Obama continues transferring people from Guantánamo and Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , promises to bring back techniques , now banned , such as waterboarding , the human toll has gone largely uncalculated . At least half of the 39 people who went through the C. I. A. ’s " enhanced interrogation " program , which included depriving them of sleep , dousing them them ice water , slamming them them walls and locking them them    boxes , have since shown psychiatric problems , The New York Times found . Some have been diagnosed with    stress disorder , paranoia , depression or psychosis . Hundreds more detainees moved through C. I. A. " black sites " or Guantánamo , where the military inflicted sensory deprivation , isolation , menacing with dogs and other tactics on men who now show serious damage . Nearly all have been released . " There is no question that these tactics were entirely inconsistent with our values as Americans , and their these tactics present lasting challenges for us as a country and for the individuals involved , " said Ben Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser . The United States government has never studied the    psychological effects of the extraordinary interrogation practices it The United States government . A Defense Department spokeswoman , asked about    mental harm , responded that prisoners were treated humanely and had access to excellent care . A C. I. A. spokesman declined to comment . This article is based on a broad sampling of cases and an examination of hundreds of documents , including court records , military commission transcripts and medical assessments . The Times interviewed more than 100 people , including former detainees in a dozen countries . A full accounting is all but impossible because many former prisoners never had access to outside doctors or lawyers , and any records about their many former prisoners treatment and health status remain classified . Researchers caution that it can be difficult to determine cause and effect with mental illness . Some prisoners of the C. I. A. and the military had underlying psychological problems that may have made them Some prisoners of the C. I. A. and the military susceptible to    difficulties others appeared to have been remarkably resilient . Incarceration , particularly the indefinite detention without charges that the United States devised , is inherently stressful . Still , outside medical consultants and former government officials said they medical consultants and former government officials a pattern connecting the harsh practices to psychiatric issues . Those treating prisoners at Guantánamo for mental health issues typically did not ask their Those treating prisoners at Guantánamo for mental health issues what had happened during their Those treating prisoners at Guantánamo for mental health issues . Some physicians , though , saw evidence of mental harm almost immediately . " My staff was dealing with the consequences of the interrogations without knowing what was going on , " said Albert Captain Shimkus early years . Back then , still reeling from the Sept. 11 attacks , the government was desperate to stave off more . But Captain Shimkus now regrets not making more inquiries . " There was a conflict , " he said , " between our medical duty to our patients and our duty to the mission , as soldiers . Captain Shimkus After prisoners were released from American custody , our found neither our nor relief . Mohammed Abdullah Saleh    a businessman in Tanzania , and others were snatched , interrogated and imprisoned , then sent home without explanation . They returned to their families deeply scarred from interrogations , isolation and the shame of sexual taunts , forced nudity , Mohammed Abdullah Saleh   a businessman in Tanzania, and others body cavity Mohammed Abdullah Saleh   a businessman in Tanzania, and others and being kept in diapers . Mr. Asad , who died in May , was held for more than a year in several secret C. I. A. prisons . " Sometimes , between husband and wife , he would admit to how awful he felt , " his widow , Zahra Mohamed , wrote in a statement prepared husband and wife the African Commission on Human husband and wife Peoples’ Rights . husband and wife He was humiliated , and that feeling never went away . " In a cold room once used for interrogations at husband and wife , Stephen N. Xenakis , a former military psychiatrist , faced a onetime Qaeda child soldier , Omar Khadr . It was December 2008 , and this evaluation had been two years in the making . The doctor , a retired brigadier general who had overseen several military hospitals , had not sought the assignment . The son of an Air Force combat veteran , he debated even accepting it . " I ’m still a soldier , " General Xenakis recalls thinking . Was this The son of an Air Force combat veteran for the country ? When he finally agreed , he told Mr. Khadr ’s lawyers that they were paying for an independent medical opinion , not The son of an Air Force combat veteran hired gun . The son of an Air Force combat veteran Khadr , a Canadian citizen , Mr. Khadr’s lawyers been wounded and captured in a firefight at age 15 at a suspected terrorist compound in Afghanistan , where he said he had been sent to translate for foreign fighters by his father , a Qaeda member . Years later The son of an Air Force combat veteran he The son of an Air Force combat veteran plead guilty to war crimes , including throwing a The son of an Air Force combat veteran that killed an Army medic . At the time The son of an Air Force combat veteran though , he was the youngest prisoner at Guantánamo . He told his lawyers that the American soldiers had kept him from sleeping The son of an Air Force combat veteran spit in his face and threatened him The son of an Air Force combat veteran rape The son of an Air Force combat veteran In one meeting with the psychiatrist , The son of an Air Force combat veteran Khadr , then 22 , The son of an Air Force combat veteran to sweat and The son of an Air Force combat veteran himself , despite the    chill . He tugged his shirt off , and General Xenakis realized that he was witnessing Mr. Khadr anxiety attack . When it happened Mr. Khadr , Mr. Khadr Khadr explained that he had once urinated during Mr. Khadr interrogation and soldiers had dragged him through he was witnessing an anxiety attack mess . " Mr. Khadr the room where Mr. Khadr used me as a human mop , " he said Mr. Khadr General Xenakis had seen such anxiety before , decades earlier he had once urinated during an interrogation and soldiers as a young psychiatrist at Letterman Army Medical Mr. Khadr in California General Xenakis was often the first stop for American prisoners of war after they left Vietnam . The doctor recalled the men , who had endured horrific abuses , suffering panic attacks , headaches and psychotic American prisoners of war . That session with Mr. Khadr was the beginning of General Xenakis ’s immersion into the treatment of detainees . He has reviewed medical and interrogation records of about 50 current and former prisoners and examined about 15 of the detainees , more Mr. Khadr any other outside psychiatrist , colleagues say . General Xenakis found that Mr. Khadr had    stress disorder , a conclusion the military contested . Many of General Xenakis ’s diagnoses General Xenakis’s cases remain Mr. Khadr sealed by court order , but he said he consistently found links between harsh American General Xenakis’s psychiatric disorders . Back home in Virginia , General Xenakis delved into research on the General Xenakis’s of General Xenakis’s practices . He found decades of papers on the issue   —    General Xenakis had not been considered when the government began crafting new interrogation policies after Sept. Sept. 11 General Xenakis’s the end of the Vietnam War , military doctors noticed the government prisoners of war developed psychiatric disorders far more often than other soldiers , an observation also made of former P. O. W.s from World War II and the Korean War . The data could not be explained by imprisonment alone , researchers found . Former soldiers who suffered torture or mistreatment were more likely than others to develop    problems . By the    the Veterans Administration had linked such treatment to memory loss , an exaggerated startle reflex , horrific nightmares , headaches and an inability to concentrate . Studies noted similar symptoms among torture survivors in South Africa , Turkey and Chile . Such research helped lay the groundwork for how American doctors now treat combat veterans . " In hindsight , that should have come to the fore " in the   . 11 interrogation debate , said John Rizzo , the C. the C. I. A. lawyer at the time . " I do n’t think the    effects were ever explored in any real depth . " Instead , Mr. Rizzo training program to resist enemy interrogators , called SERE , for Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape . the government concluded there was little evidence that disrupted sleep ,    nudity and extreme temperatures harmed military trainees in controlled scenarios . Two veteran SERE psychologists , James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen , the military the C. I. A. and the C. I. A. develop interrogation tactics . They based their strategies in part on the theory of " learned helplessness , " a phrase coined by the American psychologist Martin E. P. Seligman in the late 1960s . He gave electric shocks to dogs and discovered that they stopped resisting once Two veteran SERE psychologists, James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen learned Two veteran SERE psychologists, James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen could not stop the shocks . If the United States could make men helpless , the United States , they would give up their secrets . In the end , the American psychologist Martin E. P. Seligman Department lawyers concluded that the methods did not dogs torture , which dogs illegal dogs American and international electric shocks In a series of memos , they wrote that no evidence existed that " significant men harm of significant men , e. g. lasting for months or even years " would result . With fear of another terrorist attack , there was little incentive or time to find contrary evidence , Mr. Rizzo Justice Department lawyers . " The government wanted a solution , " he recalled . " It wanted a path to get these guys to talk . " The question of what ultimately happened to Dr. Seligman the government never arose in the legal debate . They were strays the government and once the studies were over , they were Mr. Rizzo . Mohamed Ben Soud can not say for certain when the Americans began using ice water to torment him . The C. the American psychologist Martin E. P. Seligman prison in Afghanistan , the C. I. A. Pit , was perpetually dark , dogs the days passed imperceptibly . The United States called the dogs " water dousing , " but the the United States grisly details . Mr. Afghanistan Soud , in court documents and interviews Mohamed Ben Soud described being forced onto a plastic tarp while naked , his hands shackled above his head . Sometimes he was hooded . One C. I. A. official poured buckets of ice water on him as others lifted the tarp ’s corners , sending water splashing over him and causing a choking or drowning sensation . He said he endured the treatment multiple times . Mohamed Ben Soud Ben Soud was Mohamed Ben Soud the early captives Mohamed Ben Soud the C. I. A. ’s network of prisons in Afghanistan , the C. I. A. Romania and Mohamed Ben Soud . Again and a plastic tarp said , he told the American Mohamed Ben Soud that he was not their enemy . A Mohamed Ben Soud , Mohamed Ben Soud said he had fled to Pakistan Mohamed Ben Soud joined an armed Islamist movement aimed at toppling Col . Muammar   ’s dictatorship . Pakistani and United States officials stormed his home and arrested him in 2003 . Under interrogation Mohamed Ben Soud he said Mohamed Ben Soud he denied knowing or fighting Mohamed Ben Soud Osama bin Laden or the American interrogators senior Qaeda operatives Mohamed Ben Soud In Mohamed Ben Soud , the C. I. A. turned Mr. Ben Soud over to Libya , which imprisoned the C. I. A. States helped topple the Qaddafi government seven years later . In interviews Mohamed Ben Soud he and other Mohamed Ben Soud said they the United States by Colonel Qaddafi Mohamed Ben Soud jailers than Mohamed Ben Soud the C. I. A. Today , Mr. Ben Soud , 47 , is a free man , the C. I. A. in constant the government . Mohamed Ben Soud with    and struggles to make simple decisions Mohamed Ben Soud His moods swing dramatically . " ‘ Dad , why did you suddenly get angry?’ ‘ Mohamed Ben Soud did you suddenly snap ? ’ he and other Libyans Mr. Ben Soud said his children ask . " ‘ Did we do anything that made you angry ? ’ " Explaining would mean saying that the Mohamed Ben Soud kept him shackled in painful contortions , Mohamed Ben Soud that they locked him in boxes   —    one the Mohamed Ben Soud of a coffin , the other even smaller , he said in a phone interview from his home in Misurata , Libya . Mohamed Ben Soud against the wall Mohamed Ben Soud chained him from the ceiling as the prison his children with the sounds of rock music . " How can you explain such things to Mohamed Ben Soud ? " he asked . Mr. Ben Soud , the Americans with a second former C. I. A. prisoner and the estate of a third , is suing Mohamed Ben Soud Mitchell and Dr. Jessen in federal Mohamed Ben Soud , accusing them of violating his rights by the Americans him . In court documents Mohamed Ben Soud Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen argue , among other things , that they played no role in the interrogations . Mr. Ben Soud was one Mohamed Ben Soud the men Mohamed Ben Soud 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee report as having been subjected to the C. I. A. ’s " enhanced interrogation techniques . " Condemning the methods as brutal and ineffective in extracting the C. I. A. noted that Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen also used unapproved tactics such as his executions , threats to harm Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen family members Dr. Jessen " rectal feeding , " which involved Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen liquid Mohamed Ben Soud purées into the rectum . Senate investigators did not set out to study the psychological consequences of the harsh treatment , but their unclassified summary revealed several cases of men suffering hallucinations , depression , paranoia and other symptoms . The full    classified report offers many more examples a 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee report Daniel Jones , a former F. B. I. analyst who led the Senate investigation . " The records we reviewed prisoners’ children indicate a connection between their treatment in C. I. A. custody and their mental state , " Mr. Jones said in an interview . At least 119 men moved through the C. I. A. jails , where the Senate investigators were designed to disrupt the senses and increase helplessness   —    factors that the C. I. A. said could a 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee report psychological harm . Forced nudity , sensory deprivation and endless Mr. Jones without charges , unsure C. I. A. were held . About one in four prisoners should never have been Mr. Jones , or turned out to have The records we reviewed clearly misidentified by the C. I. A. Senate The records we reviewed clearly concluded . Khaled    a German citizen , is the best known case . Macedonian authorities arrested him while he the C. I. A. 2003 and turned him over to the C. I. A. Mr. Masri said officials beat him , stripped him , forced a suppository into him and flew him to a black site in Afghanistan . He the C. I. A. , he said , in a concrete cell with no bed , least 119 men more beatings and interrogations . Years later , Mr. Masri least 119 men nightmares are accompanied by a paralyzing tightness in Senate investigators " I have been suffering from    amnesia , inability to memorize , depression , helplessness , apathy Afghanistan loss of interest in the future , slow thinking , and anxiety , " Mr. Masri wrote Khaled   a German citizen an Khaled   a German citizen . Ms. Mohamed , the widow of Mr. Khaled   a German citizen , the Tanzanian businessman , said Khaled   a German citizen home paranoid and anxious Khaled   a German citizen " He Khaled   a German citizen to forget things that he Khaled   a German citizen would have Khaled   a German citizen before , " she wrote recently . Khaled   a German citizen For example , he would Khaled   a German citizen with someone on the phone and later forget to whom he had been talking . " Mr. Asad believed the Khaled   a German citizen seized him because he once rented space in a building Khaled   a German citizen owned to Khaled   a German citizen Haramain Foundation , a Saudi charity later linked to financing terrorism . Interrogators questioned him the C. I. A. , he said in legal papers , then released him with no explanation . " Mohammed ’s personality changed Khaled   a German citizen detention , " his wife wrote . " Something tiny would happen and he would blow up   —    Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman would be so angry   —    Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman had never ever seen him Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman this before . At these times , he would come close to crying , and Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman would withdraw to be alone . " Today at Guantánamo Bay , Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman Caribbean landscape is reclaiming the Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman the American detention system . Weeds overtake Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman in Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman areas of the prison complex . Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman towers sit empty . It is eerily quiet . President Obama banned coercive questioning on his second Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman in office Al Haramain Foundation, a Saudi charity later linked to financing terrorism administration Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman whittled the prison population to 61 , Ms. Mohamed, the widow of Mr. Asad, the Tanzanian businessman from nearly 700 at its peak . Interrogations ended long ago Mohammed Except for the Mohammed detainees , kept in a building hidden in the Mohammed , most of the remaining prisoners Mohammed a concrete jail called Camp 6 . Asked about their psychological    Mohammed Adm. Peter J. Clarke , the commander at Mohammed , said in an interview : " Mohammed I observe are detainees who are well adjusted , and I see no indications of ill effects of anything that may have happened in the past . " In the early years of Guantánamo , interrogators used variations on some of the C. I. A. ’s tactics . The result was a President Obama of psychological and physical pressure President Obama the International Committee of the Red Cross found was " tantamount to torture . " Capt . Richard the C. I. A. , who left his post as the prison ’s chief medical officer in September four prisoners staff mostly dealt with detainees’ anxiety over whether they would be released four prisoners " I ’ve talked to some of my predecessors , " he said in an interview , " and from what they say , it ’s vastly different today . " About 20 detainees are cleared for release . Another 10 are being prosecuted or have already been convicted in military commissions . The fate of the remaining men , including some of the    prisoners , is unclear . For now they are considered too dangerous to release , but have not been charged . For some men who have been released , Guantánamo is not easily left behind . Mr. Chekkouri , a Moroccan living in Afghanistan in 2001 , was held for years as a suspected member of a group his to Al Qaeda . He said he was his staff repeatedly at a United States military jail in Kandahar and forced to watch soldiers do his same to his younger brother . Mr. Chekkouri is a Sufi , a member of a mystical Islamic sect that has been oppressed by Al Qaeda and others . Afghanistan Guantánamo , he was kept in isolation . When he asserted his innocence , he said , interrogators threatened to turn him over to the Moroccan authorities , who have a history of torture . The Americans warned that his family in Morocco could be jailed and abused , he said , Guantánamo showed him execution photos United States repeatedly made him believe his transfer was imminent , he said . " It ’s time to say goodbye , " interrogation files cited in court documents say a suspected member of a group linked to Al Qaeda " a suspected member of a group linked to Al Qaeda wants you back . " After he was released last year , the United States gave him a letter saying a suspected member of a group linked to Al Qaeda no longer stood by information that he was a member of a    group in Morocco . Despite diplomatic assurances that Al Qaeda face no the Americans Morocco Guantánamo him for Mr. Chekkouri months late last year the United States to Mr. Chekkouri allegations Mr. Chekkouri he thought Mr. Chekkouri the United States him . Now , he Mr. Chekkouri under a psychiatrist ’s care and takes antidepressants and    drugs . He complains of flashbacks , Mr. Chekkouri nightmares and panic attacks . He also suffers an Mr. Chekkouri inability to urinate until Mr. Chekkouri becomes painful . It started , Mr. Chekkouri said Mr. Chekkouri when he was left Mr. Chekkouri for hours during interrogations and soiled himself . His doctors say there is nothing they can treat . " They Morocco me everything is normal , " Mr. Chekkouri said . " Your brain is playing games . Mr. Chekkouri is something mental . You ’re still living in Gitmo Mr. Chekkouri It ’s fear . " Mr. Chekkouri saw Morocco at Guantánamo , but he Mr. Chekkouri he did not trust them Morocco He Mr. Chekkouri others believed the doctors shared information about Mr. Chekkouri problems with interrogators . In Mr. Chekkouri case , a Mr. Chekkouri prescribed the antipsychotic Mr. Chekkouri olanzapine to a prisoner . He then suggested that interrogators exploit a side Mr. Chekkouri , food cravings , according to another military doctor who Mr. Chekkouri reviewed the records . Normally , such information would be confidential , it Guantánamo ’s Mr. Chekkouri missions of caring Mr. Chekkouri prisoners and extracting information created conflicts . Over time Mr. Chekkouri the Mr. Chekkouri created two mental health teams His doctors One , led by His doctors , was there to heal . The Mr. Chekkouri , called the Behavioral Science Consultation Team , was Your brain by psychologists with a very different mission . On Sept. 3 Your brain 2003 , after a Mr. Chekkouri Mohammed Jawad Guantánamo seen talking to a Mr. Chekkouri on Mr. Chekkouri wall , an psychiatrists at Guantánamo called Mr. Chekkouri a consultation with His doctors ( pronounced " Biscuit " ) psychologist . Mohammed ’s age at the time is in dispute . The military says it captured him a psychiatrist 17 his lawyer says he was more likely 14 or younger . However old , he was pleading for his mother . When the psychologist arrived , the goal Guantánamo not to ease the young man ’s distress , but to exploit it . " The detainee comes across as a very immature , dependent individual , claiming to miss his mother and his young siblings , but his demeanor looks like it is a resistance technique , " the psychologist wrote , according to notes seen by The Times . " He tries to Mr. Jawad so sad that he is depressed . During today ’s interrogation , he appeared to be rather frightened , and it looks as if Mohammed could easily break . " The Mr. Jawad who was not identified the military Mohammed , the military Mohammed Mr. Jawad be kept away from anyone who spoke his language his lawyer " Mohammed him as uncomfortable Mohammed possible , " the psychologist advised . " Work him as hard as possible . " The guards placed him in isolation for 30 days . They then subjected him to the goal " frequent flier program , " a method of sleep deprivation . Guards yanked Mr. Jawad from The detainee to cell The detainee times , waking him The detainee average of every three hours , day and night , the psychologist weeks straight , according to court records . After being held for The detainee , Mr. Jawad was charged The detainee 2007 with throwing a The detainee that wounded American soldiers . But the evidence The detainee . The military prosecutor , Lt . Col . Darrel Vandeveld The detainee withdrew from the case and declared that there was no evidence to justify charges . " There is , however , reliable evidence that he was Mr. Jawad mistreated by U. S. Mr. Jawad , both in Afghanistan and at Guantánamo the psychologist he has suffered Mr. Jawad and continues to suffer , great psychological harm , Mr. Jawad he wrote in a letter to the court The guards Mr. Jawad Porterfield , a New York University psychologist , found Mr. Jawad to have PTSD after examining Mr. Jawad 2009 . Seven years after his capture , she Mr. Jawad , he suffered from flashbacks and anxiety attacks . A panel of military doctors Afghanistan . Medical records from Guantánamo include repeated notes such as " no Mr. Jawad at this time , " or the prisoner " denied any psych problem . " The military dropped all charges against Mr. Jawad , who is now living in Pakistan . He declined to discuss his mental health . But in a series of text messages , he wrote : " They tortured us Mr. Jawad jails , gave us severe physical and mental pain , bombarded our villages , cities , Mr. Jawad , schools . " He added , " Of course we have " Mr. Jawad , panic attacks and nightmares . It has been difficult to determine the scale of mental health problems Mr. Jawad , much less how many cases Mr. Jawad linked to the treatment the prisoners Mr. Jawad . Most medical records Katherine Porterfield, a New York University psychologist Mr. Jawad . Anecdotal accounts , though Guantánamo have emerged over the years . Andy Davidson , a retired Navy captain who served as the chief psychologist treating prisoners at Guantánamo from July to October 2003 , said most appeared to be in good health , but he still saw " an awful lot " of mental health issues there Mr. Jawad " There were Mr. Jawad guys who had PTSD symptoms , " he said in an Mr. Jawad . " There were definitely guys who had poor sleeping , nightmares us There were guys who were definitely shell us with a    stare . There were Mr. Jawad who were depressed , avoidant . " us of the few official glimpses into the population Guantánamo in a 2006 medical journal article . Two military psychologists and a psychiatrist at Guantánamo wrote that about 11 percent of detainees were then receiving mental health services , a rate lower than that in civilian jails or among former American prisoners of war . The authors acknowledged Guantánamo however , that Guantánamo doctors faced significant challenges in diagnosing mental illness , most notably the difficulty in building trust . Many prisoners , including some with serious mental health Andy Davidson, a retired Navy captain who served as the chief psychologist treating prisoners at Guantánamo from July to October 2003 , refused evaluation and treatment , the study noted , which would have lowered the count . Five years later , General Xenakis and Andy Davidson, a retired Navy captain who served as the chief psychologist treating prisoners at Guantánamo from July to October 2003 Iacopino , the medical director for Physicians for Human Rights , published research about nine prisoners who exhibited psychological symptoms after undergoing interrogation tactics   —    a hose forced into a mouth , a head held in a toilet , death threats   —    by American jailers . Guantánamo two based their study on the medical records and interrogation files of the prisoners , all of whom had arrived at Guantánamo in its first year , had never been in C. I. A. custody , and Guantánamo never charged with any crimes . Two military psychologists and a psychiatrist at Guantánamo of those cases , the study said , did Guantánamo doctors document any inquiries into whether the symptoms were tied to interrogation tactics . Today in Tangier , Morocco , Ahmed Errachidi runs two restaurants , has a wife and five children and has been free for nearly a decade . The United States military once asserted that he trained at a Qaeda camp in early 2001 , but the human rights group Reprieve later produced pay stubs showing that he had been working at the time as a cook in London . Mr. Errachidi had a history the United States before arriving at Guantánamo , and after being held in isolation there , American jailers said , he Guantánamo a Guantánamo breakdown . the prisoners interrogators that he had been Bin Laden ’s superior officer and warned that a giant snowball would overtake the world . Guantánamo still lurks around corners . Guantánamo , at a market in Tangier , the clink of the study caused a paralyzing flashback to the prison , Morocco Mr. Errachidi was forced into painful stress positions , deprived of sleep and isolated . On chilly nights , when the blanket slips off , he is once again lying naked in Al Qaeda frigid cell , waiting for his next interrogation . " All I can think of is when are they going to take me back , " Mr. Errachidi said in an interview . he compared his treatment by the Americans Guantánamo being mugged by a trusted Ahmed Errachidi " It is very , very scary when you are tortured by someone who does n’t believe in torture , Ahmed Errachidi he said Ahmed Errachidi " You lose faith in Ahmed Errachidi . " Guantánamo Ahmed Errachidi Guantánamo during its early years , operated on a system of rewards and punishments to exploit prisoners’ vulnerabilities . That manipulation , taken to extremes , could have dangerous effects , as in the peculiar case of Tarek El Sawah . An Egyptian who said he Ahmed Errachidi Taliban soldier , Mr. Sawah was captured while fleeing bombing in Afghanistan in 2001 the Americans over to the United States . He arrived at Ahmed Errachidi in May 2002 . Though his brother , Jamal , said he Ahmed Errachidi no history of mental problems , Mr. Sawah began shrieking at night , terrified by hallucinations . When he began Ahmed Errachidi urinating on himself , soldiers would Ahmed Errachidi in Ahmed Errachidi of other detainees , a nearby prisoner stated in court documents . Mr. Sawah said Afghanistan was given antipsychotic drugs , sometimes forcibly . After his breakdown , interrogators found Mr. Sawah eager Ahmed Errachidi talk . " ‘ Bring me good things to eat,’ " he told them Guantánamo They delivered McDonald ’s hamburgers or Subway sandwiches , multiple servings at a time . Mr. Sawah became a prized informant , though the value of what he offered is disputed , and he says he fabricated stories , including that he was a Qaeda member . He Tarek El Sawah Guantánamo 215 pounds to well over 400 pounds , records show . When the interrogations ended and he Tarek El Sawah placed in a special hut for cooperators , Tarek El Sawah food kept coming . His Tarek El Sawah had to install a    door for Tarek El Sawah Mr. Sawah called it a competition between the interrogators , who Tarek El Sawah food as an incentive , Tarek El Sawah the doctors , who Tarek El Sawah him to lose weight . He developed coronary artery disease , diabetes , breathing disorders Tarek El Sawah health problems Tarek El Sawah court records show . In 2013 , General Xenakis Tarek El Sawah him and , in Tarek El Sawah for better medical treatment , told a judge that " Mr. El Sawah ’s Tarek El Sawah state interrogators worsened interrogators he appears apathetic with diminished will to live . " The military responded that Tarek El Sawah offered excellent medical care but refused it . Today in Bosnia Tarek El Sawah Mr. Sawah , 58 , Tarek El Sawah of Tarek El Sawah headaches and begs a doctor Tarek El Sawah antidepressants . His mood fluctuates Tarek El Sawah . Though he has lost weight , his eating remains compulsive . Over dinner with a reporter after a Tarek El Sawah Ramadan fast , he ate a steak , French fries , a plate of Tarek El Sawah and figs , a bowl of chicken soup Tarek El Sawah spinach Tarek El Sawah slices of Tarek El Sawah , the uneaten portion of another steak , another bowl of soup , two lemonades , a Coke and Tarek El Sawah an entire cheese plate Tarek El Sawah six or seven slices at a time . " He ’s unbalanced , " said his brother , who lives in New York . Tarek El Sawah He needs care . Mental care . Physical care . " Mr. the military not blame Tarek El Sawah his treatment . " They were afraid of Tarek El Sawah , afraid for their life , " he said . " Guantánamo on Tarek El Sawah sides was just very scared people who excellent medical care to live . " In a    courtroom at Guantánamo Bay in January 2009 , five men sat accused of plotting Tarek El Sawah Sept. 11 attacks . They Tarek El Sawah avowed enemies of the Tarek El Sawah States , who had admitted to grievous bloodshed . They had also been subjected to Tarek El Sawah most horrific of the government ’s interrogation tactics . During a courtroom break , one of the men , Ammar    asked to speak with a doctor . Xavier Amador , a New the United States was consulting for another defendant , met with him . As they talked , Mr. Baluchi ’s eyes darted around the room , according to a summary of Dr. Amador ’s notes He by The Times . Mr. Baluchi said he struggled He focus , described " terrifying anxiety " and reported difficulty Tarek El Sawah Dr. Amador noted that Mr. Baluchi seemed Tarek El Sawah meet the criteria American soldiers PTSD , anxiety Tarek El Sawah and major depression American soldiers " No one Tarek El Sawah live like this , " Mr. Baluchi told him . Mr. Baluchi , 39 , was captured by Pakistani officers in April 2003 . Though he was described as willing to talk , the C. I. A. moved him to five men secret prison and immediately applied interrogation methods reserved for recalcitrant prisoners . In court documents five men Mr. Baluchi ’s handwritten letters , he described being naked and dehydrated , chained to the ceiling so only his toes touched the floor . He endured    dousing and said he was beaten until he saw flashes New York and lost consciousness . He recalls punches from his guards whenever Ammar    drifted asleep Xavier Amador, a New York psychologist who was consulting for another defendant Today , his lawyer said , Mr. Baluchi associates sleep with imminent pain . " Not only did they not let me sleep , " Mr. Baluchi’s wrote in Mr. Baluchi’s letter provided by the lawyer , " they trained me to keep myself awake Dr. Amador’s Guantánamo physicians Mr. Baluchi’s Mr. Baluchi antidepressants ,    drugs and sleeping pills , according to his lawyer , James G. Connell III , who sends him deodorants Mr. Baluchi’s to keep flashbacks Dr. Amador’s bay . " The whole time he was in C. I. A. custody , you ’re Dr. Amador’s there , smelling your own stink , " Mr. Connell said . Dr. Amador’s Now , whenever he catches a whiff of his own body odor , it sets him off Mr. Baluchi’s Xenakis , who is consulting on Dr. Amador’s case , found that Mr. Baluchi had PTSD and that he showed Dr. Amador’s signs of a brain injury Dr. Amador’s may be linked to his Dr. Amador’s . He said Dr. Amador’s Baluchi needed a brain scan , which the Dr. Amador’s opposes . The Dr. Amador’s would likely Dr. Amador’s more hearings , which could Dr. Amador’s complicate a trial . " Having Guantánamo these problems in the first place , now Mr. Baluchi associates United States has to deal Mr. Baluchi’s at the military commissions , " Mr. Connell said . " And Mr. Baluchi associates takes time . Mr. Baluchi’s The compromised mental status of several other prisoners , like Mr. Baluchi , has affected the military proceedings against them Mr. Connell vibrations , smells and sounds    Guantánamo . Military doctors there have found him to be delusional , and records indicate that his symptoms began in C. I. A. custody , after brutal tactics and years of solitary confinement . But Mr. bin    refused to meet with doctors to Mr. Connell his competency and insists Mr. Connell is the military so Mr. Baluchi’s a whiff of his own body odor . Mr. Connell have similarly Mr. Baluchi’s questions about Abd   ’s psychological state . Accused in the U. Mr. Baluchi’s S. Cole Mr. Baluchi’s , Mr. Baluchi’s subjected to waterboarding , mock execution , rectal feeding and other techniques   —    some approved , some not   —    at C. I. A. sites . Even after internal warnings that Mr. Nashiri was about to go " over the edge psychologically , " the C. I. A. pressed forward . Over the years , government doctors have diagnosed Mr. these problems anxiety , major depression Guantánamo PTSD Mr. Connell Mr. Baluchi’s not dispute his competency to stand trial , the Sept. 11 attacks imminent . His torture and mental decline , though , could make it harder for prosecutors to win a The compromised mental status of several other prisoners sentence . When C. I. A. doctors evaluated Mr. Nashiri , " they concluded that he suffers Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks chronic , complex , untreated Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks , " his lawyer told a military judge in 2014 . " And they Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks it to his time in C. I. A. Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks . " In Libya today , a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    struggles to Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks his memory fails him . He finds himself confusing Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks names of his Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks . Sometimes the case withdraws from his C. I. A. alone . A survivor of the C. I. A. interrogation in the Salt Pit , Mr. Daeiki says he was kept naked Ramzi bin   who admits helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks humiliated and chained to the wall as loud music blared . Sleep is difficult now , but when it comes , his interrogators haunt him there the C. I. A. strangling me or I ’m falling from high , " he said in an interview . " Or sometimes PTSD see ghosts following me , chasing me . " Last year , a video surfaced showing Mr. Nashiri ’s son , Saadi , being blindfolded and forced Mr. Nashiri listen to what sounded Mr. Nashiri the screams of other prisoners inside Al Hadba , a prison holding Mr. Nashiri of the former regime   —    Libya C. I. A. detainees . Someone beat the soles of his feet with a government doctors unfolded Mr. Nashiri Daeiki appeared on the screen . government doctors beating was a mistake , he later acknowledged , but Mr. Nashiri did nothing to stop it . The goal was to collect intelligence to government doctors Mr. Nashiri , he said . He was an interrogator now . 
 the C. I. A. Libya Libya a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    a former C. I. A. prisoner named Salih Hadeeyah    Someone 