Hampton , Illinois ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton on Monday drew a line between Donald Trump and suspected Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee when Hillary Clinton spoke with reporters during Hillary Clinton first day on a shared campaign plane . Hillary Clinton said a line between Donald Trump and suspected Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee Russian " almost unthinkable " and compared the intrusions into a variety of Democratic bodies to Watergate , the infamous    of the Democratic the Democratic National Committee by aides close to then President Richard Nixon . " This is like Watergate only now in cyber time , " Hillary Clinton said during Hillary Clinton in flight press conference , echoing a comment Tim Kaine , Hillary Clinton vice presidential nominee , made this week .   " It is stunning that we are facing this and especially from a foreign power that has the capacity , with the consensus is that they have used , to extract information and to enable that information to be made public . " ’Strong evidence’ US intelligence officials say there is strong evidence showing Russian intelligence behind hacks into the DNC and attempted hacks into other Democratic organizations . Clinton said it was " interesting that this activity has happened around the time Trump became the nominee " and said the Republican nominee ’s ties to Putin     including glowing statements     " raises even more serious questions about Trump . " " Look Trump he very early on allied the Republican nominee with Putin ’s policies the Republican nominee " Clinton added . " He Clinton to have this the Republican nominee attraction to dictators , including Putin . " On the Putin president , Clinton Putin " Clinton clear [ Putin ] is quite satisfied with himself Putin for the intrusions . While Putin to the American Legion , a veterans’ organization , last month , Clinton said she would treat Clinton attacks Clinton just like any other attack " and would " be ready with serious political , economic and military responses . " Email server , Clinton started flying with her Clinton press corps on Clinton , debuting a Boeing 737 plane for the next 63 days of the campaign . In flight , Clinton headed to the back Clinton the plane and took over a dozen a Boeing 737 plane for the next 63 days of the campaign reporters . This is the first time Clinton took questions from her Clinton press corps since Clinton , Ohio on July 31 . During the question and answer , Clinton responded FBI notes on Clinton interview with the investigative Clinton and denied that she knew anything about aides Clinton her server with a sophisticated Clinton known as BleachBit . " I do n’t know anything about that , " Clinton said . " That Clinton not something I was aware of and I think the fact point out that there was no connection . It was n’t something , as far as I understand , that was related . " Clinton ’s conversation with reporters Clinton cut shot during her flight because she had Clinton fit of Clinton while answering a question . Clinton suffered a similar couch Clinton earlier in the day during a rally in Cleveland . Clinton dismissed conspiracy theories about Clinton health that have festered Clinton in part , because of her coughing attacks . " Clinton am not concerned about the conspiracy theories , " she said . conspiracy theories about her health that have festered so many of them I have lost track of them . So I conspiracy theories about her health that have festered no attention to them . conspiracy theories about her health that have festered Asked if they were sexist , Clinton conspiracy theories about her health that have festered said , " Clinton conspiracy theories about her health that have festered " 
 