Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump met with notable    activist Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. Tuesday , further stoking unfounded fears about vaccine safety and efficacy by asking the Democrat to chair a commission on the issue . But the Donald Trump transition says no decision has been made on setting up a commission on autism , despite Robert Kennedy Jr. telling reporters Robert Kennedy Jr. was asked by Donald Trump to chair a committee on vaccination safety . " The    enjoyed    discussion with Robert Kennedy Jr. on a range of issues and appreciates his thoughts    ideas . The    is exploring the possibility of forming a commission on Autism , which affects so many families however no decisions have been made at this time . The    looks forward to continuing the discussion about all aspects of Autism with many groups and individuals , " said Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks in statement . Kennedy , the son of late presidential Kennedy reporters after his meeting Kennedy Trump that Trump    asked him to Kennedy a look into " vaccination safety and scientific integrity . " Kennedy said he agreed to chair the commission . Kennedy   Trump has Trump doubts about the current vaccine policies and he has questions about it , " Kennedy said . " His opinion does Kennedy matter but the Kennedy does matter and we ought to be reading the science and we ought to be the science science . " Kennedy added that both the science Trump Kennedy Trump very   Kennedy but that they want to make sure vaccines are " as both he and Trump as they possibly can be . " Neither Trump nor both he and Trump are expressly    though . Trump both he and Trump vaccines during the 2016 campaign , telling an audience at a CNN primary debate in 2015 that he is Trump favor of " smaller doses over a longer period of time " because of autism as a possible side effect . " Autism has become an epidemic . . .. It has gotten totally out of control . I am totally Autism favor of vaccines . But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time , " he said Trump Trump then told a story about how he met Trump     who " went to have the vaccine , and came back , and a week later got a tremendous fever , got very , very sick , now is autistic . " Trump did not identify the child he was talking about . Trump He has also tweeted    Trump . " Healthy young child Trump to doctor , gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines , does n’t feel good and changes    AUTISM . Many such cases , " Trump tweeted in 2014 . Multiple Trump spokespeople failed to immediately Trump to CNN requests for comment . In 2014 , Kennedy wrote a book about mercury in vaccines and has lobbied Congress to give parents exemptions from state requirements that mandate they vaccinate their children . The lifelong Democrat downplays his    parents , parents , by saying that he is The lifelong Democrat in favor of safe vaccines and noting that The lifelong Democrat of his children have been vaccinated . Myths and falsehoods about vaccines The lifelong Democrat particularly about the link between a vaccine preservative and autism     abound . During the Republican primary , a number of candidates stoked those fears . In fact , research shows that vaccines do not cause autism and that they prevent upwards of 6 million deaths worldwide each year . vaccines to the same research , one in a million children have serious adverse reactions of vaccines . " The scientific research has been done and the results are clear the same research not cause autism , " Alison Singer , president of the Autism Science Foundation , said after Trump ’s meeting . " Some people may choose not to believe the facts , but perpetuating a myth from the very highest levels poses a dangerous threat to public health . " Parents declining to vaccinate their children has caught on in some areas , however , and in Parents declining to vaccinate their children , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that 188 people from 24 states were reported to have the measles , although not all of those individuals were unvaccinated . In 2016 , 70 cases of measles were reported although the numbers for the year have not been finalized yet .    " The majority of people who got measles were unvaccinated , " the CDC reported , a fact they attributed to the rise on    activists . Celebrities     like Jenny The majority of people who got measles , Jim Carrey and Alicia Silverstone     have stoked the trend . " We ’re not   . We ’re    vaccine schedule , " McCarthy told PBS last year as California politicians were debating whether to pass Jenny McCarthy sign a strict vaccination law . California Gov. Jerry Brown ended up signing the law , getting rid of California and religious exemptions for vaccines . a strict vaccination law Ben Brumfield and Nadia Kounang contributed to this report . 
 