Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe is likely disappointed with the United Kingdom ’s vote to leave the European Union on Thursday   —    in an interview earlier this week , Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe called both the Brexit and the political ascendance of Donald Trump in the United States " scary as sh*t . " [ In an interview with Vulture to promote his Vulture    show Privacy , the     connected the U. K. ’s exit from the the European Union Trump ’s Donald Trump to become the presumptive GOP presidential nominee in the United the United States " You can dress it up however you want , but ultimately , with a lot of the people who want to exit , there ’s a sense of jingoistic " We do n’t want to take orders from bloody Frenchies,’ " Radcliffe told Vulture in an interview published the day of the Brexit vote . " It ’s the worst kind of nationalism , the worst kind of patriotism , and it ’s scary as It , and a woman was killed ! " the actor added , apparently referring to the murder of British MP Jo Cox . Radcliffe called the EU Radcliffe " similar to the Trump thing " in the United States , in that people dismissed the possibility of the seriousness of his candidacy before being surprised by a later surge of support . " It worries me that   —    we do n’t really have a version of Trump , but our very far right we party , they obviously would never our very far right wing party incited somebody to that violence , " Radcliffe continued , referring to Cox ’s death . " I ’m not saying they did that because our very far right wing party did n’t . our very far right wing party equally , you spend that much time fearmongering about race and religion and that ’s going to have an effect sometimes . " Radcliffe ’s new    Radcliffe examines privacy in the digital era . It is set to run from July 5 through August 7 at New York City ’s Public Theater . Radcliffe ’s latest film Radcliffe Army Man , opened to $ 116 , 000 from three theaters this weekend for a strong $ 38 , 000    average , according to Box Office Mojo . Radcliffe plays a flatulent corpse Radcliffe    Paul Dano must ride to safety off of a deserted island in the wildly divisive movie that caused more than a few walkouts at Sundance in January . Read Radcliffe ’s full interview Radcliffe Radcliffe .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 