Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ripped the election recount on Saturday , calling the election recount " a scam " and " ridiculous " and noting that Hillary Clinton had already conceded . Donald Trump charged in a statement that the effort was nothing but a fundraising ploy by the Green Party and Donald Trump nominee , Jill Stein . " This recount is just a way for Jill Stein , who received less than one percent of the vote overall and was n’t even on the ballot in many states , to fill her coffers with money , most of which her will never even spend on this ridiculous recount , " the    said in a statement , which labeled the effort as " ridiculous " in a headline . On Saturday night , Trump tweeted , " The Green Party scam to fill up The Green Party coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated   demoralized Dems . " Stein has already raised more than $ 5 million online for the recount in Wisconsin , which may begin some time next week . Appearing on CNN , Stein dismissed Trump suggestion that the funds would n’t be spent on the recount . " For his Stein , this is all going into a dedicated and segregated account so that it this only be spent on the the recount " she Stein CNN CNN Pamela Brown on " Newsroom . " " He Stein be creating his Stein facts here as he Stein been known to do some times in the past , " Stein added . " He Stein it was rigged election unless he won Stein . " rigged election people have spoken’ Trump said , " The people have spoken and the election is rigged election and as Hillary Clinton herself said on election night , in addition to her conceding by congratulating Hillary Clinton herself , ’We must accept this result and then look to the future . ’ " The    said he ’We , Michigan ’We Pennsylvania by " large numbers " and noted his margin of more than ’We , 000 in Pennsylvania . " This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded , and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused , which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing , " Trump said . Just hours after he issued his statement , Jill Stein launched Jill Stein one of Trump trademark tweetstorms Sunday morning Trump reiterating his points .   " Trump Clinton conceded the election when she called this election prior to Hillary Clinton victory speech and after the results were in . Nothing will change , " he tweeted . And then he Jill Stein Clinton ’s own concession Jill Stein , Hillary Clinton : " ’Trump is going to be our President . We owe him an open mind our the Jill Stein to lead.’ So much time and money will be spent    same result ! Sad . " Green Party officials filed for a recount in Wisconsin on Friday after reports of possible voting discrepancies in areas that used paper ballots versus those where electronic voting took place . Wisconsin Green Party    George Martin said the party is seeking a " Green Party paper records "     a request that could go further than a simple recount , possibly spurring an investigation into the integrity of Wisconsin ’s voting system . " This Wisconsin a process , a first step to examine whether our electoral democracy is working , " Martin said . Both the Clinton campaign Wisconsin Green Party   George Martin the White House have said they see no evidence that any voting Both the Clinton campaign and the White House were hacked , although the Clinton campaign said Saturday it will take Clinton in the recounts , joining with Stein , to ensure the recount is " fair to all sides . " 
 