The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence sent a March 9 email alert urging opposition to Donald Trump for Donald Trump    stance on " concealed carry " and because of Donald Trump support for allowing teachers to defend teachers and teachers students on school campuses . [ Trump will " arm school teachers allow hidden , loaded guns on college campuses and give every person the green light to carry a concealed weapon anytime , anywhere , no questions asked , " the email claims .   Trump real goal is not safety , but to " sell more guns , " claims the campaign . To make this point , they leave out the fact that the    and bloodiest attacks in recent memory took place in areas where    zones predominate   —    Paris and California . On November 13 , terrorists were able to kill 130 unarmed Parisians , and on December 2 , two terrorists were able to kill 14 unarmed persons in San Bernardino . Trump responded to both these attacks by criticizing officials who enacted rules that make it difficult   —    if not impossible   —    for people to carry guns for   . He Trump citizens need to be armed   —    via concealed carry   —    so that bad guys know bullets are coming back at them citizens they citizens an attack . He Trump : If in Paris or if in California recently , where the fourteen people were killed and probably others to follow   —    in terms of that group because you have some people who are very , very badly wounded   —    if in Paris Paris they you have some people who are very, very badly wounded  —   if in Paris guns or if in California California [ they you have some people who are very, very badly wounded  —   if in Paris guns ] on the other side , where the bullets go both ways , not just in one direction , you would n’t have had the kind of carnage that you had . The Brady Campaign also criticized Donald Trump for opposing expanded background checks . The Brady Campaign described background checks as " lifesaving " without admitting that both Paris and California have expanded background checks . Those The Brady Campaign described background checks as "lifesaving" without admitting that both Paris and California have expanded background checks not stop the determined attackers . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on AWR Hawkins : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly AWR Hawkins awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 