President Obama took several sharp swipes at Donald J. Trump on Sunday during a commencement address that could be the beginning of a forceful effort to help elect a Democratic successor as president . Addressing Rutgers University ’s class of 2016 at the school ’s 250th anniversary commencement , President Obama never mentioned Mr. Donald J. Trump name . But his President Obama was clear , and his President Obama earned raucous cheers from the graduates . " The world is more interconnected than ever before , and it ’s The world more connected every day , " Mr. President Obama the graduates . the graduates walls wo n’t change that . " Mr. Trump , the Mr. Trump a wall between the United States and Mexico and forcing Mexico to pay for its potential multibillion dollar construction costs . Mexico Trump has also Mexico much of the modern international trading and economic system , and he has proposed banning Muslim visitors and immigrants from the country Mr. Trump at least temporarily   —    all ideas Mexico condemned on Sunday . Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump have exchanged zingers before . Mr. Trump was a Mr. Trump questioning Mr. Obama ’s birth location Mr. Trump , and Mr. Obama has responded by Mr. Obama in skewering Mr. Trump . But Mr. Obama Mr. Obama his stump speech in important Mr. Trump go after Mr. Trump . As his Mr. Obama in office draws Mr. Obama less than a Mr. Trump , Mr. Obama has alternated between mild and Mr. Obama horror , pointed humor and a touch of disbelief in his attacks Mr. Obama Republican   . " We live in an age of global supply chains , and a lot Mr. Obama folks have legitimate concerns with the way globalization has progressed , " Mr. Obama said . " But the answer is n’t to stop trading with other countries . In this global economy Mr. Obama ’s not even possible . " Mr. Obama said that isolating and disparaging Muslims was not only a betrayal of American values but " would alienate the very Mr. Obama home and abroad who are our most important partners in combating violent extremism . " Wearing a crimson robe with black sashes and a purple doctoral hood that a fierce wind kept blowing off his shoulders , Mr. Obama told the graduates that the knowledge they had earned through years of studying was something they should insist Mr. Obama leaders value Mr. Obama themselves . " Facts , evidence , the graduates , logic , an understanding of science   the graduates    these are good things . These the graduates qualities you want in people making policy , " Mr. Obama said , adding later , " In politics and in life these ignorance is not a virtue . " Mr. Obama seemed to especially take pleasure in advocating the use of facts in politics while speaking to an academic audience . His point Mr. Obama arguments is usually to press for action against climate change , one of the signature policies of his administration and one Mr. Obama nearly all climate scientists support . But while Mr. Obama mentioned climate change , he also used his points about Mr. Obama and experience to take yet another swipe at an unnamed Mr. Trump Mr. Obama noted that when people get Mr. Obama , they Mr. Obama an experienced doctor to treat them when they fly , they want experienced pilots . " Mr. Obama yet in our public lives , we people say , ‘ I do n’t people somebody people ’s done people before’ ? " he asked in derision . Mr. Trump has no our as a politician , a quality that has been viewed as one of the most important Mr. Obama for his success as an unnamed Mr. Trump candidate . Mr. Obama came to Rutgers after students , faculty members and even relatives of students spent the past three years an unnamed Mr. Trump the White House for him to speak on this anniversary for the school . " The truth is , Rutgers , I came here because you asked . You are the Mr. Obama to launch a    campaign , " he said . " Emails , letters Rutgers tweets , YouTube videos . I even got three notes from the grandmother of your student body president , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama said , drawing laughter . " And I have to say that really sealed the deal . That was smart because I have a soft spot for grandmas . " But Mr. Obama made clear that Rutgers was precisely the kind of institution that he wanted to celebrate . Last week , Mr. Obama spoke at the commencement Mr. Obama University , a historically black university , and told the next generation Mr. Obama black leaders that passion must be tempered Mr. Obama thinking and a willingness to compromise . Rutgers , one of the first nine    institutions in the American colonies , " could be the most diverse student body in America , " he said . Rutgers he likened Rutgers’ long history of success with that of the country as a whole . And while he celebrated that history , he made Mr. Obama to the graduates Mr. Obama no period in history was as prosperous as this one . " The good old days were Mr. Obama all that good , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama said . " In fact , by almost every measure , America is better and the world is better than it was 50 years ago or 30 years ago or even eight years ago . " One of Mr. Obama ’s frustrations during his presidency has been the country America persistently sour mood despite what he sees as a remarkable turnaround in the nation ’s economy , Mr. Obama of    health care Mr. Obama and the nation America strength militarily . He cited those Mr. Obama and many others , including declining rates of crime , teenage pregnancy and poverty , as well as improvements in America , the status of Mr. Obama and Latinos and clean energy . " Marriage equality is the law of the land , " he added , to robust cheers . As he often does in such speeches , Mr. Obama told the graduates that they needed to participate in the political process and Mr. Obama satisfied with incremental change . Democrats generally Mr. Obama better than Republicans in    elections Mr. Obama while young people overwhelmingly support Democrats , the graduates rarely vote . So Mr. Obama and Michelle Obama , the first lady , always urge student audiences to show up at the polls on Election Day . " Because apathy has Democrats , " the president said . He said changes , even small ones , were worth fighting for . " I always tell my daughters , ‘ Better is good,’ " Mr. Obama said near the end of his the president , adding , " Do n’t waste your time waiting . " 
 Mr. Obama 