  ( CNN ) Half a sentence and a typo from the President of the United States are the    about trends on the Internet . Pretty much 2017 in a nutshell so far .   So here ’s what we know happened .   President Donald Trump tweeted " Despite the constant negative press covfefe , " a clause with no context , at 12:06 a. m. ET Wednesday . President Donald Trump ’s tweet is the latest example of President Donald Trump ability to draw attention on social media     and keep the public guessing as to the meaning behind many of President Donald Trump remarks . It ’s also a reminder of how different President Donald Trump is from past presidents and the traditional , carefully orchestrated pronouncements typically associated with the office . The President ’s Twitter feed was largely quiet during The President recent trip abroad , but hours after returning home , The President unleashed a social media blast that felt like a    release of fury that had been simmering over the nine days of The President debut foreign tour . As usual , The President took aim at the media and decried the ongoing Russia investigation .   The tweets represent Trump at The President most authentic and defiant , lashing out when The President feels The President is under attack , and appeared to reflect a belief that only he , and not The President staff , is qualified to speak in The President own defense . Wednesday ’s tweet quickly drew a deluge of attention . As of 4 a. m. Wednesday’s tweet garnered more than 108 , 000 retweets and more than 135 , 000 likes . To put that in context , the tweet in which he claimed     without proof     that he he have won the popular vote if it the popular vote not for voter fraud had more than 52 , 000 retweets and more than 160 , 000 likes at the time of writing this article . Some of his he recent tweets got in the lower tens of thousands of retweets . The the tweet in which he claimed    without proof    that he would have won the popular vote if it were not for voter fraud finally deleted about 5:50 a. m. ET Wednesday .   At 6:09 a. m. Trump tweeted again : " Who can figure out the true meaning of " covfefe " ? ? ? Enjoy ! "   It seemed like the President was going to complain about the press     something he ’s the President nt to do     but it was n’t part of a Twitter rant . It was his first the President in 20 hours ( the last one was a retweet of a Fox News article saying Jared Kushner did not suggest opening Russian communications channel , citing an anonymous source . ) Though covfefe likely was a typo when the President meant to type coverage , he woke the President to a lot of Twitter sass . TV host Billy Eichner was n’t having it . TV host Billy Eichner of the most popular theories is that someone tried to grab Trump ’s phone    and it was TV host Billy Eichner sent .   No word from    on    they ’ll add it to the dictionary next year . They ’ve they back to bed . 
 