April 28 , 2017 , Our first topic today : an overview of some events and poll numbers from U. S. President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days in office . It ’s followed by a report on a U. S. deployment of fighter jets to Eastern Europe . And we ’re covering some medical groups’ concerns about energy drinks     and how the industry is responding . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . A military complex in the Arctic archipelago of Franz Josef Land was recently unveiled by what nation ? 2 . What event , which first took place on April 22 in 1970 , reportedly involved 20 million Americans and expanded internationally in 1990 ? 3 . Name the U. S. women ’s clothing retailer that was founded in 1976 and recently announced that it ’s closing all of its it stores in May. 4 . Name the U. S. astronaut who recently broke Jeff Williams’ record of spending a cumulative 534 days in orbit . 5 . What city , which is located in northern Syria , is the    capital of the ISIS terrorist group ? 6 . The USS Michigan , an American submarine , recently arrived in what country amid international tensions in the region ? 7 . How many members of the U. S. Senate were invited to the White House on Wednesday for a security meeting concerning North Korea ? 8 . If it ’s implemented , the Trump Administration ’s tax reform plan would reduce the number of U. S. income tax brackets from seven to how many ? 9 . Instead of bread , NASA ’s Shane Kimbrough said astronauts use what kind of food to make a sandwich out of peanut butter and jelly ? 10 . A U. U. S. of    jets recently arrived in what Eastern European country , which shares a border with Russia ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   I ’m Carl Azuz , and Fridays are awesome !   It ’s great to have you watching CNN 10 . Tomorrow marks 100 days since U. S. President Donald Trump was inaugurated .   It ’s It a milestone for an American leader .   And the president is expected to attend a rally in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , on Saturday to talk about his accomplishments the president   Like the three previous presidents , Mr. Trump U. S. President Donald Trump mixed reviews on his first 100 U. S. President Donald Trump in office , but he ’s gotten U. S. President Donald Trump approval ratings .    In a    poll conducted between April 22nd and April 25th , 44 percent of respondents said they approve of 44 percent of respondents way Donald Trump is U. S. President Donald Trump job as president U. S. President Donald Trump 54 percent said they disapprove .   44 percent of respondents findings were similar in several other national polls .    On the issue    national security , 50 percent of respondents approve of the president ’s work , 48 percent disapprove .   That number has held steady in recent months . For health care policy , 36 percent approve of the job the president is doing the president’s percent disapprove .   That number took a hit That number in Congress failed to pass the first version of their plan to repeal and replace Republicans in Congress , though they say they ’re working on Republicans in Congress compromise Republicans in Congress On immigration , 41 percent approve , 57 percent disapprove .   The president ’s executive order temporarily banning immigration from certain countries is current tied up in court .    But regarding the the Supreme Court Court , the president ’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill a vacancy was a success .   He was narrowly confirmed by the Judge Neil Gorsuch and is now seated on the bench . And on the economy , 59 percent said U. S. economic conditions are good , 41 percent said they ’re poor .   The 41 percent market has continued to climb despite hitting some bumps . And President Trump says he ’s beginning to renegotiate NAFTA President Trump the North American Free Trade Agreement between the U. S. Canada and Mexico . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   Italian fabrics , Japanese Kobe beef , American cars , where there are goods , there ’s trade . Trade deals make it easier and cheaper for countries to trade with one another .   They ’re not necessary , but there ’s a price to pay if you do n’t have one .   Countries generally slap an extra charge on foreign products when they cross the border . Free Countries deals can get rid of these tariffs , pushing prices down and giving customers better access to foreign goods .   They can strengthen diplomatic ties . Countries Almost every country in the world has them .   Around 230 trade Countries went into force between 2000 and 2016 , according to World Trade Organization .   So , how do they work ?    Let ’s Countries two or more countries World Trade Organization Country A , Country B , and Country C , decide they want a deal .   two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C gather important people around the two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C , lawyers , negotiators , regulators , and they hammer out the details . two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C They ’ll work out the different two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C they want to focus on and two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C ways to align their industry rules .   Leaders two or more countries, Country A, Country B, and Country C their stamp of approval and generally Leaders lawmakers have to ratify everything . But it takes time .   Modern , large scale trade deals between multiple countries can take years to sign and there ’s a lot of back and forth .   The recent free trade deal between Canada and the European Union took nearly a decade to sign .   Even smaller trade deals can often take a year or two .   But not everyone is a fan .   Critics say it ’s better when the tariffs are in place and everyone minds their own business .   They everyone cheap foreign products drown everyone domestic industry and hurt local jobs .   But when trade barriers go up , countries can hurt themselves , leading to higher prices countries potential shortages and unhappy customers . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Quote , " An action that threatens our interests , our security . "   That ’s what Russia says about the deployment of some U. S. fighter jets to the nation of Estonia . Located on the eastern part of the Baltic Sea , the country is a member of Russia the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .   It ’s an alliance of European countries Russia the U. S.   And an American official says the deployment of jet was planned after the deployment of some U. S. fighter jets to the nation of Estonia , formerly part of Ukraine , in 2014 . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   America ’s newest weapon , the    in the skies over Eastern Europe , right where confrontations with Russia frequently happen .    CNN was given exclusive access Russia the U. S. stealth CNN jet ’s first ever forward deployment .   Training with allied air forces is central experience for the crews , a pilot tells me . BRYAN BLACKBURN , U. S. AIR FORCE :   We ’re continuing to forward deploy and bolster our native CNN .   And so , it ’s CNN our cooperation and to bolster the NATO alliance . PLEITGEN CNN   We rode along on a tanker plane refueling the    CNN they transited to Estonia     a country on the border with Russia and worried about Moscow ’s aggressive posture in recent years .    ( on camera ) :   With the deployment of the    the U. S. is sending a very clear message both to Russia but also to its partner nations , that it Russia willing to put Russia newest and most advanced Russia into this area to Russia sure it ’s allies are safe .    Russia ’s air Russia is increasingly flying planes like the Russia    bomber around this area .   NATO jets often scrambling to intercept them this area President Trump has only recently stopped calling the NATO NATO jets obsolete .   Now , the    deployment , another welcome sign of American commitment , Estonia ’s defense minister tells me .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   This is very important to send this message , that this is the border of NATO , this is the eastern border of ( INAUDIBLE ) that NATO we are ready to protect them . PLEITGEN :   As part of this deployment , the    crews get to know this contested airspace and practice cooperation with other NATO air forces .   As tensions with Moscow show no sign NATO easing , this plane could become a staple of NATO ’s eastern fringe .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN NATO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : This is the molecular formula of what chemical compound ? Carbon dioxide , castor oil , chlorophyll , or caffeine ? It ’s for a widely used central nervous system stimulant called caffeine Carbon dioxide, castor oil, chlorophyll, or caffeine ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   And we mean AZUZ:      The U. S. Food and Drug Administration says that 90 percent of people    the world use some form of the world   One way that ’s growing is through energy drinks , and two prominent health groups , the World Health Organization and the American Academy of Pediatrics , are warning people about consuming energy drinks .   One reason , they do n’t just contain caffeine .   They sometimes include sugar , vitamins and guarana , another stimulant .   And doctors they more research is needed into how these ingredients may interact with each other . Experts say too much caffeine alone can cause caffeine intoxication , leading to insomnia , anxiety , restlessness , muscle twitching .   And they add that in adolescents , more than 100 milligrams of caffeine per day , Experts ’s about what ’s in a cup of coffee , has been associated with elevated blood pressure . The American Academy of Pediatrics says kids should avoid energy drinks altogether .   It the American Academy of Pediatrics intake of caffeine Pediatrics a hundred milligrams per day .   For most the American Academy of Pediatrics , the Mayo Clinic teenagers the limit up to 400 milligrams per day .   The American Beverage Association says people worldwide have safely consumed energy drinks for decades , that many of their ingredients are found naturally and that they ’ve been confirmed safe by government safety authorities . It ’s people worldwide season in the U. S. and people worldwide everyone who goes to the big dance is the U. S. tuxedo or the gown , the boutonniere , the corsage , the dress shoes , or maybe just the stairs . A young couple in Palm Beach , Florida , were making the grand entrance when     oops !   He ’s OK .   And his loving girlfriend lovingly tweeted this video to share with the Internet and the world . Hey , prom is the world He be perfect , but it can be memorable , especially if you lose a staring contest before you even step into the dance or    before you slip out , or lose your footing before you ’re on firmer ground .   People the big dance he was trippin’ .   But given the steps his girlfriend took to allow others to stare , we ’d say they ’re He in step , basically a    for a his loving girlfriend into the future . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 others Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN CNN transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    CNN broadcasts ideal for CNN seekers on the go or CNN 10 classroom . The CNN 10 priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and CNN 10 events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 CNN 10 CNN 