An episode of Netflix animated children ’s television series All Hail King Julien will satirize presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s pledge to build a wall on the U. S.   border . [ In an episode of the popular    program ’s third season , lemur King Julien   —    a character from the Madagascar series of animated films   —    rallies his constituents to build a wall around his constituents land in order to keep foreign animals out .   While his constituents build , the lemurs sing a song titled , " Do n’t Touch his constituents Stuff . "   In an interview with the Huffington Post , All Hail showrunner Mitch Watson said that the episode is meant to be a direct commentary on Trump ’s signature policy proposal . " The song ‘ Do n’t Touch Our Stuff’ is essentially about building a wall to keep other animals away because Julien and the lemurs feel the lemurs are taking away the lemurs jobs even though the lemurs do n’t work , and taking their the lemurs even through there are plenty of trees , and eating their the lemurs even though there is more than enough for everyone , " Watson told the outlet . " Lemurs mean just what they Lemurs ’t touch our stuff , and just go away , " the animated creatures sing cheerfully as they the animated creatures the wall . It was n’t immediately clear how the episode resolves . The third season of All Hail premieres Friday on Netflix . Watson Watson the Huffington Post that the team behind the series " specifically wanted stories that had some kind of social satire . " He Watson that the show had already taken on contentious issues like gun control , income inequality and trigger warnings . " DreamWorks and Netflix have been very supportive about the kind of stories we wanted to tell on the the show " Watson told the outlet . The All Hail creative team are n’t the only ones warning young children about the potential dangers of a President Trump comedian Michael Ian Black is set to release a " children ’s book " about the candidate , A Child ’s First Book of Trump , in July .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 