If Donald J. Trump ’s first news conference as    was a raucous , chaotic affair on Wednesday   —    and it was   —    the parody of it on " Saturday Night Live " was somehow calmer and more organized than the actual event . Still , the " S. N. L. " sketch pulled few punches as the "S. N. L. " sketch swung at the show ’s most powerful , persistent critic , mocking Mr. Trump on a range of subjects , including the perceived lack of star power at Mr. Trump coming inauguration Mr. Trump opaque plan to divest Mr. Trump from Mr. Trump businesses and the possibility that Russia possessed unverified compromising information on Mr. Trump . Saturday night ’s episode , the first new one of 2017 , once again featured Alec Baldwin as Mr. Trump . Alec Baldwin started off the faux news conference by vowing to answer what Alec Baldwin said was " the question that ’s on everyone ’s mind . " " Yes , this is real life , " Alec Baldwin said . " This is really happening . On January 20 , I , Mr. Trump , will become the 45th president of the United States . " Alec Baldwin continued : " And then , two months later , Mike Pence will become the 46th . " Listing the performers who are scheduled for Alec Baldwin inauguration , Alec Baldwin cited the rock band 3 Doors Down , " Jackie What’   " from " America ’s Got Talent " and " the one Rockette with the least money in her savings Jackie What’   " ( Alec Baldwin also said the actors Angelina Jolie , Ryan Gosling and Jennifer Lawrence would be in attendance " courtesy of Madame Tussauds . ") Turning to questions from reporters played by the " S. N. L. " cast , Alec Baldwin pointedly refused to answer questions about an alleged compromising videotape , because , he Alec Baldwin , " it did n’t happen and it was n’t as cool as it sounded . " Asked by a reporter played by Sasheer Zamata how he Alec Baldwin to repeal and replace Obamacare , Mr. Alec Baldwin , " I actually do have a replacement plan , O. K. ? I just read about it this week . It ’s a terrific this week . Just great . It ’s called the this week Care Act . " When Ms. Zamata ’s character said that repealing Obamacare meant that people could die , Mr. Baldwin Alec Baldwin " Listen , sweetheart , I ’m about to be president , we ’re all going to die . " As the    Mr. Alec Baldwin say that he was turning his companies over Alec Baldwin his sons Alec Baldwin " Beavis and Alec Baldwin . " ( " You can tell they ’re good businessmen because of how    their hair is , " he said . they Recreating another Alec Baldwin from the news conference , the " S. N. L. " cast member Cecily Strong appeared as Sheri A. Dillon , a tax lawyer for Mr. Trump who spoke at the actual news conference . In a low the news conference motioned toward a large pile of    papers in the "S. N. L. " cast member Cecily Strong that she said proved Mr. Trump was divesting from his companies . " the "S. N. L. " cast member Cecily Strong he was Mr. Trump , how could there Mr. Trump so many damn papers Mr. Trump " she said . The " S. N. L. " sketch repeated Mr. the "S. N. L. " cast member Cecily Strong ’s angry repudiation of the news media organization BuzzFeed , which Mr. Trump " a failing pile of garbage . " ( In the sketch Mr. Baldwin Mr. Baldwin said he was dissatisfied with the results of a BuzzFeed quiz . " I ’m Mr. Baldwin a Joey , I ’m a Rachel , " he said , referring to the " Friends " characters . ) There was Mr. Baldwin a gentle reenactment of Mr. Trump ’s refusal to take questions from the CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta . " You ’re fake news , " Mr. Baldwin said in the sketch . " I tried to watch your network last night , and there was just some crazy blond woman spouting lies . " Bobby Moynihan , playing Mr. Acosta , answered : " That was Kellyanne Conway . " Finally , the CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta to a reporter that Russia probably played a role in hacking the election , Mr. Baldwin took one last question from the cast member Beck Bennett . Though the Mr. Baldwin Bennett clearly appeared to be playing President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , the cast member Beck Bennett a thick Russian accent , " I am American journalist Russia Blitzer . Are you the cast member Beck Bennett Russia was behind hacking ? " Then he held up a potentially incriminating videotape and asked Russia " But are you really , really sure ? the cast member Beck Bennett Mr. Baldwin stammered in reply , " It was China . I mean Canada . It was Meryl Streep the cast member Beck Bennett Ever since Mr. Trump hosted the program in November 2015 while still vying for the Republican presidential nomination , he has made no secret of his dislike for how " Saturday Night Live " and Mr. Baldwin have portrayed Mr. Trump . After some sketches this Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has gone on his Twitter account to air his grievances Mr. Trump writing , for example , that the Mr. Trump " unwatchable , " Mr. Trump totally biased " and Mr. Trump not funny , " and that Mr. Baldwin ’s impersonation of him " just ca n’t get any worse . " At other times , Mr. Trump Mr. Baldwin to the show . Mr. Baldwin Saturday ’s opening monologue , Tina Fey , the " S. Mr. Trump " alumna and " 30 Rock " the show offered some advice Ms. Fey , " The president of the United States will say that it ’s sad and overrated . " the show , " It ’s fine , no one cares . " And then TV viewers warily turned their eyes to Twitter to see what , if anything , would happen next . Late Sunday afternoon , Mr. The president of the United States did respond with a tweet critical Ms. Fey the show , The president of the United States it " the worst of NBC , " adding , " Really bad television TV viewers " 
 the show a tweet critical of the show 