  Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) At 56 , Henry Rollins is still angry . When Henry Rollins was a younger man , the rage flowed out of Henry Rollins as the scowling frontman for Black Flag , the pioneering Southern California punk band . Today , Henry Rollins may no longer scream to get his Henry Rollins across . But as a spoken word performer , radio host and , notably , a widely read columnist at LA Weekly , he Henry Rollins reinvented himself Henry Rollins a political voice that is similarly hard to ignore . " It ’s definitely one of the most popular regular features that we run , " his Henry Rollins at LA LA Weekly Andy Hermann , said of his Henry Rollins . " He Henry Rollins just a great commentator and satirist . " ( Here are a couple of pieces that Mr. Hermann said struck a big chord with readers . ) We caught up with Mr. Rollins by phone . Some excerpts from the conversation : Q. What ’s your approach to the column ? A. As far as political writing , to use the baseball idea , if you ca n’t hit them where they ai them and score , then   —    basically do n’t be obvious . And if you ’re going to make a point , if you ca n’t bring some humor into it   —    I mean obviously someone getting shot and killed in Ferguson , Mo. there ’s no fun there . But anything with Donald Trump , where there ’s so much to say , if you do n’t bring some humor in , it ’s going to be unreadable . Q. Have you mellowed with age ? A. Not really . I ’ve just been able to prioritize and direct my energies with a little bit more care and aim , where I do n’t need to scorch the entire forest because I ’m angry . I can just pick out the three trees and that turns into a column or that turns into something on stage . Q. You Q. said you cultivate your anger . Why ? A. Because it turns into good things . I saw the HBO documentary on the West Memphis Three and I said , ‘ Oh , O. K. you ’ve officially pissed me off . Arkansas we ’re coming for you.’ And it was out of anger . I was concerned for guys in jail , yeah , but it was anger that got my civic muscle going . And I started calling rich , famous people I knew   —    ‘ Hey can I have a thousand dollars [ to donate to a legal fund]?’ I could n’t believe it . a thousand dollars [to donate to a legal fund]?’ was like a member of Congress dialing for dollars . Q. Do you ever think about making music again ? A. No . For me it was a real time and place . I never really enjoyed being in a band . It was never fun . It was It . I really had to say those words . But I never enjoyed it and I ’ll be the first to admit I was never all that good at it . it it was it . ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Democrats fiercely criticized Representative Devin Mr. Nunes The New York Times ] • " Mr. Nunes is a lapdog in a watchdog role . " [ Opinion | The New York Times ] • Representative Duncan D. Hunter , a San Diego County Republican , is under criminal investigation . He ’s accused of spending The New York Times and video games . [ The New York Times ] • California passed the nation ’s toughest methane emission regulations even • Representative Duncan D. Hunter, a San Diego County Republican federal rules are expected to be rolled back . [The New York Times] " Measure S The New York Times to L. A. ’s • crisis , but neither is returning to business as usual . " [ Opinion | Los Angeles Times ] • A former U. C. Berkeley student said a renowned philosophy professor sexually assaulted her . [ Daily Californian ] • Four people were found dead inside a Sacramento home . A man was detained . [ Sacramento Bee ] • Big banks and Silicon Valley are battling over something akin to A former U. C. Berkeley student : your data . [ The New York Times ] • Disney is looking for a successor to its chief executive , Sacramento A. Iger • But nobody seems to measure up . [ The New York Times ] • In Sequoia National Park , communing with some of the biggest trees on Earth . [ Disney New York Times ] • U. C. L. A. faces Kentucky in the N. C. The New York Times basketball • . Here ’s how they match up . [ Los Angeles Times ] It was [The New York Times] • small ,    The New York Times of smoke after a fire erupted at a Santa Monica apartment on Tuesday . The fire was quickly put out . Nalu , a     bichon    tzu mix , was limp and not breathing . " He was essentially dead , " said Andrew Klein , the firefighter who pulled the dog from the burning home . Mr. Klein set Nalu on the a fire began delivering oxygen with a specialized pet mask and performing     resuscitation . Minutes passed . Nothing . Kneeling nearby , the dog ’s owner , Crystal Lamirande , Mr. Klein . She put her hand on the dog ’s belly . " Come on Nalu , " she said . Then , an improbable 20 minutes after efforts to revive him began , Nalu blinked and , slowly , his chest rose . Ms. Lamirande , 35 , a nurse , had just lost her home . Yet for the moment she was elated . " She could n’t the dog , ‘ Thank you,’ " said Billy Nalu on the grass , a She who watched the drama . Speaking by phone Thursday , Ms. Lamirande said Nalu was Nalu on the grass to his old self . him He ’s so lovely . People just love him , " she said . She Lamirande said she lost sentimental objects She the fire , whose She was unknown . But she was coping , she added , " It ’s just stuff . " California Today goes live at 6 a. She time weekdays . Tell us what She want to see : She . com . The California Today columnist She Mike McPhate She is a She   — She born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in She . Follow him She Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 