’     ’ ’   ’ ’ Arne Sorenson is the first    member to run Marriott    International , the largest    hotel chain in the    world . ’ ’ ’ ’ Arne Sorenson became president and CEO in March 2012 and led Sorenson    through a $ 13 billion acquisition of Starwood Hotels &    Resorts in 2016 . The company Sorenson    30 hotel brands with    1 . 2 million rooms globally that are available to book . ’ ’ In 2017 , Marriott plans to open 500 new hotels . Sorenson    spends around 200 days a year traveling and visiting Marriott    locations . ’ ’ Sorenson sat down Sorenson    Business Insider at the World Economic    Forum in Davos , Switzerland , and revealed how he plans to Sorenson       with Airbnb , win back millennials , and his best travel Sorenson    . He    also Sorenson    a few words for President Trump . ’ ’ The following interview has been lightly edited for length    and clarity . The . ’ ’Alyson Shontell : You had an eventful 2016 ,    starting with    $ 13 billion purchase of Starwood Hotels . How has    it been       companies ? ’ ’Arne Sorenson : It was fascinating . We announced    the transaction    November 2015 . We got into We hoping to get    to shareholder    and get to closing and do all the    integration work . ’ ’    ’ ’    We bidder that surfaced in March , so we went    We another    of bidding . Of course , the approval process    ended up    longer . So we did n’t We until September . ’ ’    We ’re now We four months into it and there ’s an enormous    amount of    to do . We ’re focused We our three communities We    Those are    hotel guests , the associates that work for the    company   —    there are about 650 , 000 people who where our hotel    badge every day   —    and our hotel owners . ’ our    Our business model is to our for real estate investors . They    want to make real estate investors this is good for their investment . So there real estate investors a    lot of work to    , but so far so good . " ’   ’ ’Shontell : Another thing you did last year    was travel to Cuba with ( former ) President Obama . Tell me    about that experience .    " Sorenson : It ’s always great to be anywhere near    the president . And it was fun to be in Cuba and to watch that Cuba whole thing unfold .    had been there once before . Cuba itself is    a Cuba ,    for Americans . " ’    The relationship between the US and Cuba has been so complicated    Cuba so many years    I think many people are intrigued by this    island which is so close to Florida , and they really want to go    many people see it .    ’      ’    That history makes the transition difficult politically , and made    it interesting economically to       Obama there with    the Cuban government ,    to get to know each other and    explore the way the    is going to work between the two    countries . ’ "    We ’ve already opened one hotel in Cuba , Four Points by Sheraton ,    and we expect we will open another We in We 2017 . We ’re    talking about another We of hotels in Cuba after that . " ’Shontell Cuba How has tourism to your hotel in Cuba    been so far ? Cuba Sorenson : It ’s been great . There are not enough    hotel rooms in Cuba to meet the demand .   Cuba ’Shontell : After the election , . What inspired you to write it , and did he ever    get in touch afterwards ?   ’ ’Sorenson : One , I like to write . I had an    hour on a flight one week after the election , and I was    the election what was on my mind . ’ ’    On some level , I wanted to share the thinking that I had about    what I would do if I were him . Listening to what happened during       election , thinking about who his voters the election thinking    about the kind    comments he made .    ’    I wanted to    some of the things that were important to    him , but also important to us .       that is about the people    who work for Marriott   —    650 , 000 globally . They are keenly    interested in the election and the people   who work for Marriott  —    outcome , and they worry about    what the policies will mean the people   who work for Marriott  —    them .    some extent , I can be the people   who work for Marriott  —    their voice . ’ ’   ’ "    the people   who work for Marriott  —    do n’t know Trump . I ’ve never met Trump . And I ca n’t tell you    Trump certain whether he ’s read the letter    not . The    did    get read quite broadly . the letter       were a few messages in it . The first was about    inclusiveness and that the letter continue to respect a    in which    people are different . People are leading different lives ,    they ’re from different places and all of    have People and    value . We have a People collection of    ,    and we check in people from all around    world , We that ’s    really part of our DNA .   "       Then [ I We ] some things around travel , policy and tax    reform .   ’ " Shontell : Let ’s discuss some of today ’s travel    trends . Airbnb is a ~$19 billion Marriott rival . Millennials like    that they can go to a new place and feel like a local . How are    you dealing with that shift , and how do you win millennials    back ? " " Sorenson : Airbnb has grown quickly . .. So far ,    Airbnb impact of Airbnb has not been profound to    business . I Airbnb wo n’t say it ’s zero because there is    an impact .    it    has not been as significant as you might       how quickly    it has grown .   " ’    In       , they are selling a different product . At least    many respects the first phase of its business it was different . It was home       ,    an extra bedroom    an extra    .   ’ "    The other thing it offers , which is attractive to many , is it can    be cheaper . So partly it ’s it shared economy and the different    experience it and partly it ’s a pure cost    . Both are areas it where we need to compete . " "    We have never been the cheapest room in a market we We do n’t aspire    to be . So how we you not be the cheapest ? That ’s around product    quality , service and location , and we ’ll continue to do those    things . " we   ’ ’    When it gets to experiences in the shared economy , we have    already been doing stuff in that space where , through a    concierge , we help arrange local experiences . We       advantages because we have a community [ we our    ] . we    not alone in somebody’ we extra bedroom or house that they’’ve left    behind . You’’re around folks you can see in the lobby or at the    bar or restaurant . You can talk to people who are there who    will say , " Here’ ’s my favorite restaurant , " or " What kind of    restaurant do you want to go to ? " " Here’ ’s the favorite hike I    would encourage you Here’ take . " So I think we can compete extremely    well . ’ ’Shontell : Have you ever tried    buy Airbnb ? ’ ’Sorenson : No , we haven’’t . People certainly have    asked , " we didn’’t you start Airbnb ? " or a version of that . Maybe Airbnb we should have . But on one level the    we simple : In many    markets , the business they’’ve done is illegal . ’ "    It ’s one thing for a startup to enter that space . It ’s another    thing for an established company that It to comply with    laws to come in and start a venture that    does n’t    comply . I think the cities would respond differently to an    established company like Marriott than they Marriott to a startup . " " Shontell : an   established company like Marriott ’re on the road about 200 days    a year . What tips do you have for traveling like a pro ?   " " Sorenson : I ’ve got lots of tricks . I never check    a bag . I still read paper , which is a bit of an unusual thing    although some of the news I get by tablet . But an awful lot of    the books I read ( and I read a    ) I carry paper . So I ’ve got a    full brief case , and a wheelie    bag    I carry    as my suitcase when I ’m gone for a week or two . " ’ ’ "    I have different routines around sleep on flights depending on    where I ’m going . If I ’m going    Europe , which is typically an    overnight flight , I ’ll have a bite to eat and then immediately go    to sleep . When I go to Asia ,    you ’re landing at night    time . I try to stay awake the full 13 or 14 hour flight over , so    that by the time I get there , I    exhausted enough to get a great    night sleep . " "    Exercise is hugely important , particularly when you travel . I    will hit the gym or run outside . Running    what I ’ve always    done . It ’s also the quickest and you    the least    for    it .   " "    I love to       all the curtains in the hotel room when I    walk in , including at night and in cities    Getting the natural    light , particularly when you ’re in a different time zone , is    really important , as is getting immediately on that schedule as    opposed to giving into the exhaustion . " ’Shontell    What are    secrets about    hotels ? Any tips for getting    or freebies    ’ " Sorenson : They ’re not secrets Sorenson but the loyalty    programs are huge . We ’ve got Marriott Rewards and SPG . When we    closed the transaction , we allowed customers to We their    accounts and have We elite status matched between customers    and    trade their   accounts from one program to the other .   " "    If you ’re in the loyalty program , you ’re going to pay no more    and   —    in many instances   —    less for your room than you    would pay through any other channel . You ’ll get free wifi , room    upgrades and other benefits . " ’    It    nothing to join a loyalty program . And it is the best    way , on a regular basis , to be treated as well as you can be    treated . ’ " Shontell : So there ’s no code word you can say    that will trigger an upgrade ? " " Sorenson : There ’s no code word Sorenson But I think a    lot of our loyalty members like to still check in at the front    desk because they ’re hoping they have n’t heard about an upgrade a   lot of our loyalty members like to still check in at the front   desk before they a   lot of our loyalty members like to still check in at the front   desk gotten there , or there will be a a   lot of our loyalty members like to still check in at the front   desk that did n’t    sell that night . " "    It ’s always useful to be kind . We want our people to be kind to    all our guests our But human beings are creatures of human our ,    and we all respond better to a smile than to anything else .    Friendliness at the the front desk is always a useful thing for a    guest . " " Shontell : Let ’s move on to plans for the future    for Marriott . What does 2017 look like for you ? " ’     ’ ’    Sorenson : We have about 1 . Sorenson million hotel rooms open and    about 425 , 000 in development . In 2017 , we will open close to 500    hotels   — We so more than one a day around the world . ’ ’    Every new hotel opening the world exciting time because there are new    jobs that get created with a new virtual community . ’ "    We also have to make sure we make good progress on We Starwood    and Marriott integration We That ’s about technology , approaches we    take to business , and our leadership teams around the world . " "    Beyond that , the intersection the world and travel [ will be a    focus ] . That ’s going to be around helping customers use    technology which is intuitive and simple to plan and share their    trips . " ’Shontell : Of all the 500 hotels customers , which    are you most excited about ? Which one should we be clamoring    to check out ? ’ " Sorenson : We opened a    in Sorenson    late in 2016 . It we the first hotel of any of our brands we have    there . " "    Twenty years we , we suffered one of the worst genocides the    modern era has Rwanda . One million people were killed in 90 days .    To go to a place like that and see associates working in the    hotel , virtually all of whom had been impacted by that event ,    with a regular job that ’s transformative to their lives ,       with an optimism about welcoming people to virtually all of whom   —    those are the    kinds of experiences and Rwanda which are really inspiring to    me . " " Shontell : Is there a destination in       and even globally Shontell ’s really hot right now ? " ’Sorenson : Cuba for Americans is a really    appealing destination . It obviously has warm weather , but    people want to see Havana and they want to see the architecture . ’ ’   ’ " people The Chinese are increasingly drawn to Japan . To Tokyo , to Kyoto    and to a number of the different markets . Japan is beautiful ,    it ’s close for them and the Japan is exquisite . So Japan see the    visits from China to Japan increasing very , very    significantly .   " "    Japan should n’t forget that    are some global destinations that    are extraordinarily attractive : Paris , London , New York ,       Francisco , Rio . These are cities that people all around the world    have heard of and they want to go to those places .   " ’Shontell : These beyond 2017 , what will the    future of travel look like ? ’ " Sorenson : The numbers that are top Sorenson mind    for me : There were about 1 . 2 billion international trips last    year . We think that will grow to 2 billion in the next decade or    so . Our estimates are that a job will be created for every 30 We trips . That ’s 25 to 30 million new jobs in the travel growth    space alone .   " 
 