’   ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid on Thursday skewered his    Republican colleagues , contending that GOP lawmakers had treated    President Barack Obama with " unprecedented disrespect " and    suggesting such actions created the conditions ripe for the    candidacy of Donald Trump , the Republican presidential nominee . ’ ’    " As this Republican Congress heads for yet another unearned    recess , I feel compelled to comment on how Republicans have    treated the president of the United States during the last eight    years , " Reid said on the Senate floor . ’ ’    The Nevada Democrat continued : " History will look back and note    that Republicans in Congress treated President Obama with    unprecedented disrespect . No one expected Republicans in Congress treated President Obama with   unprecedented disrespect to agree with    everything that    did or tried to do , but Americans deserve    better than the way Republicans behaved toward President Obama . " ’ ’    Reid said it was " clear " Republicans were treating Obama President Obama    " contempt " by blocking much of his agenda and , most recently , his his Supreme Court nominee . ’ ’    " Republicans have not done their Republicans work of government , " he his said . ’ ’’ ’    The outgoing Democrat linked the actions of GOP lawmakers to    Trump , arguing that the GOP in fact created him . ’ ’    " Everything that he’ ’s said , stood for , done in this bizarre    campaign that he’ ’s he’ has come   —    filtered up from what’ ’s going    on    the Republican Senate , " Reid said . " Disagreeing with    everything , anything that President Obama wanted . They    filibustered    they agreed They just to slow things down . " ’ ’    Reid continued Reid " Trump is Trump anomaly . He is Reid monster the    Republicans built . He is Reid Frankenstein the   Republicans own    him the   Republicans Reid you have to do to see that the Republicans are the the   Republicans of Trump is to look at the way they’’ve treated him . Trump ’ 
 