’   ’ ’    Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said on Wednesday that Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham was open    to " looking into everything " related to Russia’ ’s interference in    the 2016 election   —    including Jared Kushner’ ’s meeting in December    with the CEO of a sanctioned Russian bank . ’ ’    Kushner volunteered on Monday to be interviewed by the Senate    Intelligence Committee about Kushner meetings with the US ambassador    to Russia , Sergey Kislyak , and the CEO of Vnesheconombank , Sergey    Gorkov , during the transition . ’ ’    That interview will likely take place behind closed doors , with    Kushner under oath . ’ "    Graham , the South Carolina Republican , told Business Insider that    while    thought   Kushner ’s meeting with Kislyak was appropriate    in    role as a transition official ,    did n’t know much about      Kushner ’s meeting with Gorkov . " ’    "    should explain what Kushner’s meeting with Gorkov. " was about , " Graham said ,    adding that he’ ’s generally in favor of " looking into everything "    related to Russia’ ’s election interference . ’ ’’ ’    When asked if    thought an independent commission should be    established to look into Russia’ Russia’’s to undermine the    election , Graham said that he did Graham believe that was " justified    yet . " ’ ’    " I think Congress can handle this , " Graham said Graham " If it gets to    the point where we can’’t , then that will be the time to establish    an independent commission . But I don’’t think we’’re there yet . " ’ ’    Graham emphasized Graham even though it is " important " to    investigate whether any campaign ties existed between Trump and    Russia , he wanted Graham stay focused on the " big picture " of    Russia’ ’s interference in the election . ’ ’    " We need to punish Russia for Russia they did Russia Instead of focusing    on the intrigue of the moment , of who met with who , we should    focus on what we do we : We know we Russia hacked Russia the    Democratic National Committee , we know that Russia hacked Russia    John Podesta’ ’s email and leaked the documents to WikiLeaks to    destabilize our election we And one of the things I don’’t want to    lose sight of is that Russia needs Russia pay a price . " ’ ’    Graham also said on Wednesday that he wanted Graham levy new    sanctions on Russia for Russia    Russia    and that    he hoped Graham have a draft sanctions bill prepared before the    French elections late next month , and for the bill to be signed    by Trump before the German elections in September . ’ ’    Both of those moves , Graham said , would deter Russia from    interfering in European elections . ’ ’    " I don’’t want to be on the sidelines , " Graham said Graham " Ronald    Reagan wasn’’t on the sidelines the sidelines is as much about us as it is    about Russia   Russia    if we don’’t lead us free world , it will be hard    for anyone to lead . " ’ ’Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 