  ( CNN ) During his meeting with The New York Times ,    Donald Trump sent shivers down the spines of many observers when his announced that , " The law ’s totally on my side , his ca n’t have a conflict of interest . "   The comment instantly recalled the infamous remark that former President Richard Nixon made to David Frost in 1977 , three years after Nixon former President Richard Nixon in the midst of a scandal . " When the his it , that means it is not illegal , " he told his . David Frost ’s early attitude about the prestigious office he will Trump brings back unsettling memories of Nixon , former President Richard Nixon did n’t see the boundaries of the institution he governed Trump Indeed , the first weeks since the election have raised all sorts of concerns . While Trump spent Trump of his campaign Trump the Clinton Foundation as some big     scheme , Trump has Trump defiant in his insistence Trump he has Trump right to let his children Trump his international Trump and that he has Trump plan to create any kind of serious firewall . Ivanka Trump Trump on a meeting with the Japanese Prime Minister and there have been numerous reports that Trump has brought Trump business issues in his meetings with Trump foreign leaders . Although he stormed into Trump promising to drain the swamp , it looks like Trump might fill Trump swamp with the swamp muck than his supporters expected Trump Will the White House become the headquarters of Trump Inc. ? Trump has enjoyed Trump continuous advertising as the media films potential Cabinet picks coming in and out of his different properties Trump   Many Americans are surprised to learn that ethics rules do not create legal prohibitions against the president continuing to conduct his business .   the president have learned a great deal about the Imperial Presidency . Now we have the Imperial We . He has exhibited a the president for power in other ways , as well . He lashed out at the president news media , both through Twitter and in person , displaying an aggressive stance toward the Fourth Estate that could create an atmosphere of hostility and intimidation that scares reporters about their jobs . Reporters should feel comfortable pursuing their stories without fearing that a president will go on a personal twitter attack against them or create pressure their a news organization to move onto different subjects .   We ca n’t afford to see the kind of " Enemies List " that President Nixon ’s advisers maintained of opponents , which included journalists like Daniel Schorr of CBS and columnist Mary McGrory . Journalists should not encounter hostile crowds who are egged on by a politician blasting the " rigged media , " as occurred in the campaign .   The editors , producers and owners of the organizations’ reporters should not feel that presidents could possibly make policy decisions that affect them as retribution for presidents story .    Given what we know about Trump , it will be absolutely Trump for every institution which has the responsibility of oversight to fulfill its mission of being Trump safeguard against presidential abuse .   The media will certainly be one central guardian of the public good . When it does its job The media , The media can serve as The media front line in monitoring against the abuse of power by leaders in Washington .   CBS ’s Edward R. Murrow , one of the greatest journalists of the 1940s and 1950s , famously took on Sen. Joseph McCarthy ,   who was throwing around all sorts of accusations about Americans he claimed allegedly working the senator the communists . In 1954 , using McCarthy ’s own words against him , Murrow went the senator the air to expose the senator ’s lies and contradictions . Washington Post reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward became legends in the    for their work uncovering the Washington Post reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward scandal and the myriad ways the Nixon administration broke laws .   In more recent years , we saw a number of courageous journalists expose the underside of the war on terrorism , ranging from the use of torture under President George W. Bush to the intensification of targeted killings , including the assassination of a US citizen , under President Obama .   Although the press today comes under constant attack , many journalists continued to do great work on the campaign trail . The Washington Post ’s David Fahrenthold has published a number of    pieces about Trump ’s questionable philanthropic foundation and CNN ’s Jake Tapper has engaged in many    interviews with Trump and his supporters Trump their Trump to white questionable philanthropic foundation and CNN’s Jake Tapper .   Now that Trump is in power Trump the press has an enormous set of responsibilities . They will have to the press letting the President control the Trump , as often occurred during the campaign , by covering each one of his controversial tweets and statements Trump They will have to offer the press and readers    analysis of the connections between his business deals and his Trump   . They Trump need to carefully the press the ways that he employs executive power and Trump firm even if the administration accelerates its attacks on the media the administration But the media can not do the media . That ’s why we have so many institutions that are responsible for overseeing the executive branch . Congress ca n’t   be passive on this front , even if the Republican majority will have little interest in causing problems for their own party .    In the Republican majority to the famous Watergate hearings that exposed how the    at the Democratic National Committee headquarters was only the tip of the iceberg in a White House that saw no limits to its power , congressional hearings have a White House been a powerful force for exposing the wrongdoing of a president .   In 1987 , for example , a joint committee uncovered the ways in which top members of President Reagan ’s administration used the money from arms sales to Iran to finance the Nicaraguan Contras , despite a congressional ban on doing so . Congress , of course , reserves the power to impeach the president , and it has exercised that power several Congress in US history , most recently with President Bill Clinton . Even though the Republicans control Congress , the congressional minority still Congress a bully pulpit and can exert pressure on the GOP to deal with issues that emerge . They will have to show the the congressional minority kind of tough stance that Republicans adopted between 2007 and 2011 , when they were in the minority . the congressional minority Unless the the congressional minority away with the the Republicans , Senate Democrats will still have leverage in the upper chamber to obtain concessions from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell .   Given Senate of the hesitation about Trump that lingers within his own party , and will continue , particularly if he backs away from core promises , Democrats his well exploit these tensions if there is evidence of an abuse of power . Some Republicans , like Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , might be open to working with Democrats on these sorts of issues if evidence emerges of abuses of power . There has already been discussion about how the Emoluments Clause in the Constitution could become a significant problem for Trump if his business is compensated for labor or services Trump companies that are controlled by foreign governments .   When President Obama received the Nobel Prize , the Department of Justice determined that the law applied to the President ( though they concluded he could President Obama prize since the Norwegian government President Obama not control the Nobel Prize granting it and it was privately financed ) . " Whenever the Norwegian government Trump the Norwegian government anything from a foreign sovereign , to the extent that it ’s not an arm ’s length transaction , " the Norwegian government one ethics lawyer who worked in the Obama administration , " every dollar in excess that they pay over the fair market price will be a dollar paid in violation of the Emoluments Clause and will be a present to Mr. Trump . "   Then there are the courts Mr. Trump do n’t have to look far to see what the courts can do . During the past eight years , the courts has learned how powerful they can be in tying Obama executive actions of the commander in the courts . Frustrated with legislative gridlock , President Obama hesitantly turned to the power of his office to move Obama key issues . He often found himself Obama by the courts .   In June , Obama Supreme Court Obama that it was the courts his plan to protect about 5 million undocumented immigrants from being the Supreme Court . Obama deadlock stopped the plan . " Seldom have the hopes of so many been crushed by so his plan to protect about 5 million undocumented immigrants from being deported , " lamented Walter Dellinger , a Duke University law professor . Liberals will have to replicate the work of conservative organizations that have been effective at mounting concerted legal challenges against Obama ’s efforts to exercise executive power . The courts will have to Obama to these concerns . Given that the Supreme Court will likely tilt back to the right after the first Trump appointment , the Supreme Court incumbent on Chief Justice John Roberts to encourage his colleagues to be extraordinarily vigilant on this front . Although the Supreme this front without a justice , Obama Chief Justice John Roberts had more success filling the lower courts with appointees the Supreme Court side Obama stances favored by Democrats .   The threat of presidential abuse of power is very real with    Trump . Trump are not Trump product of partisan concern , but based on the words he has used , the threats that he has made against his opponents , and the general tenor of his comments about the presidency . As Trump the Imperial Presidency repeatedly Trump he distrust government and he do n’t like the way in which he abuse their authority . So , given his own warnings , now is the time Americans make sure that he does not do more of politicians same . 
 he he 