’’ " Next Tuesday ’s Wisconsin presidential primary is emerging as a crucial lifeline for Republicans desperate to stop Donald Trump ’s march to their party ’s nomination . " ’One of ’One worst weeks of the 2016 campaign is colliding with a state already skeptical of ’One brash brand of politics.’ " A big loss for Trump in Wisconsin would greatly reduce ’One chances of securing the delegates ’One needs to clinch the GOP nomination before next July ’s national convention . " ’It could also offer new hope to rival Ted Cruz and outside groups that see Trump in Wisconsin a threat to the future of the Republican Party.’ ’"I think the whole country is looking to Wisconsin right now to make a choice in this race , and I think the choice Wisconsin Wisconsin is going to have repercussions for a long time to come , " Cruz Ted Cruz Thursday in an interview with Milwaukee radio station WTMJ.’ ’Trump’ ’s view is rosier for his own campaign : " If we win Wisconsin , it’ ’s pretty much over . " ’ ’But almost nothing has gone right for him his Wisconsin Wisconsin into the primary spotlight.’ " Even before he his , Trump was skewered in interviews with a trio of Wisconsin Wisconsin influential conservative talk radio hosts . On Tuesday , just hours before his his campaign stop ,    Gov. Scott Walker threw his Gov. Scott Walker behind Cruz , of Texas . " " Much of the trouble that followed was of the Trump campaign ’s own making . Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’s campaign manager , got slapped with a charge of simple battery for an altercation with a reporter . Then Trump Trump’s forced to walk back his Trump’s that women should be punished for getting abortions , a comment that managed to unite both sides of the abortion debate in fierce opposition to his Trump’s . " ’"As soon as he Trump’s foot in Wisconsin the mask finally came off , " said state Rep. Jim Steineke , the Republican majority leader in the Wisconsin Assembly . " Part of it is just the Wisconsin Wisconsin . We don’’t take too kindly to people who act the way Donald Trump acts . " ’ ’’ ’GOP voter Linda Ruddy , a     dental hygienist from Oshkosh , agreed.’ ’"He’ ’s rude . He’ ’s arrogant . He’ He’ a loose cannon . He’ He’ insulting to women , " Ruddy said.’ ’A week before the primary , a poll run by Marquette University Law School showed Trump Donald Trump Cruz by about 10 points   —    a dramatic fall for the candidate who led in the same poll last month.’ ’If Cruz sweeps all the delegates in Wisconsin , Trump Donald Trump need to win 57 percent of the remaining delegates in other states to collect the 1 , 237 he Donald Trump to clinch the nomination . So far , he Donald Trump won 48 percent of all delegates awarded.’ " Wisconsin Wisconsin 42 , putting it in the middle of the pack of primary prizes . But the Wisconsin stature in Republican politics and its position Wisconsin the calendar   —    no other state votes until April 19   —    have elevated its importance no other state votes until April 19  —    Though the state Wisconsin for Democrats in the past several presidential elections , it boasts prominent Wisconsin party leaders including Walker , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus . " ’   groups say they have benefited ’  groups the primary calendar . Super PACs and rival campaigns have been able to focus narrowly on Wisconsin for nearly two weeks.’ ’’ " Planned Parenthood and Priorities USA , two groups working to elect Hillary Clinton , have teamed up for their first    two groups working to elect Hillary Clinton of the election year , a    spot playing on websites that features Trump ’s abortion comment . " ’"When it comes to women , the Republican    is demeaning , insulting and dangerous , " the ad reads.’ ’Clinton herself is hardly silent . She said Thursday in Purchase , New York : " Donald Trump is showing us exactly who he is and Donald Trump should believe us . But Donald Trump ’s remember this , all the Republican candidates want to make abortion illegal . " ’ " Trump ’s rival Donald Trump outside groups opposing him are slated to Donald Trump a combined $ 3 . 8 million in advertising in the state . That includes about $ 1 . 7 million from Our Principles and Club for Growth Action , a conservative group that has endorsed Cruz . " ’"We always saw this as a reset period where it would be possible this slow Trump’ ’s momentum or reverse it , " said this Miller , who works for Our Principles PAC.’ " So far , the billionaire ’s campaign is slated to spend only about $ 430 , 000 on radio and television advertising leading up to the primary , according to data from Kantar Media ’s Campaign Media Analysis Group . " " Trump ’s largest presence on TV has been an ad that touts his proposed temporary ban Trump Muslims entering the U. S. " ’But Trump will soon get Trump help . A super PAC supporting him said Thursday it Trump start running two different television ads over the weekend as part of a    nationwide buy.’ " And while Wisconsin may provide a    jolt to Trump opponents , the Trump estate mogul will soon find himself back in friendly the real estate mogul . The next contest awaiting Republicans comes April 19 in New York , Trump ’s home state Trump one of the biggest delegate prizes up for grabs . " ’Pace reported from New York . AP New York Beaumont , Ken Thomas , Chad Day , Stephen Ohlemacher , and Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report.’ " MADISON , Wis. ( AP )   —    Next Tuesday ’s Wisconsin presidential primary is emerging as a crucial lifeline for Republicans desperate to stop Donald Trump ’s march to their party ’s nomination . One of his worst weeks of the Donald Trump campaign is colliding with a state already skeptical of his brash brand of politics Donald Trump " 
 