Hillary Clinton ’s failed presidential campaign was " mismanaged from the start , 150 percent " and underestimated the Midwest , according to aides and allies . [ Hillary Clinton’s lost in states Hillary Clinton’s always expected to win : Pennsylvania , Michigan , and Wisconsin . states she always expected to win: Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin had voted for Democratic presidential candidates for decades , but in 2016 went for Trump , along with Ohio .   " It was a mismanaged campaign from the start , 150 percent . There was so much stuff that needed fixing . I thought we might have learned some lessons from the primary . But as you can tell from last night , probably not , " one aide told The Hill . Despite losing Michigan to socialist Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primaries , Clinton assumed the Michigan a lock for her in Clinton general election and did n’t " double down " there . " The big question is ‘ How much money did you spend ? And what ’s left in the bank?’ Because there were states like Michigan that Michigan sounding the alarm and no one was taking it seriously the alarm the very end . They never really got everything they wanted They " a surrogate said . " We underestimated They Midwest , " another aide said . " I do n’t think we ever They the political climate there . I know some are questioning why we never They there in the final days . " Russ Feingold reportedly told the Clinton campaign " I need help , " but was ignored . Feingold lost Russ Feingold Ron Johnson in a stunning Wisconsin Senate race upset . Before Tuesday ’s landslide , though , some Republicans believed a blue collar wave could sweep Donald Trump into the White House . " I think what ’s happening is that you ’re seeing demographic shifts that cross state lines . This shift reaches across Michigan , Ohio , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , " Saul Anuzis , a former chairman of the Michigan GOP , told Breitbart News . " It is difficult to turn them out Saul Anuzis, a former chairman of the Michigan GOP on election day ] , " he continued , speaking about blue collar voters . " But the fact that they are Saul Anuzis, a former chairman of the Michigan GOP to stand in line for hours [ at Trump rallies ] tells you something , " he said he " I would not be surprised if Trump won 40 states or lost 40 states   —    if the wave of blue collars comes out , I can see him sweeping he states . " While Clinton ’s illicit use of a private email server to conduct business as Secretary of State and     allegations swirling around the Clinton Foundation were " albatrosses around the neck the campaign could never escape , " nothing doomed her like Clinton refusal Clinton understand populism and nationalism sweeping across the Western world , aides admitted . 
 