Immigration is the new " No    the Whales " movement , only with more body bags . [ After the mass murder committed by Muslims in San Bernardino , which came on the heels of the mass murder committed by Muslims in Paris , Donald Trump proposed a moratorium on Muslim immigration .   Explaining the idea on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Donald Trump talked about how Muslim immigration was infecting Europe : " Look at what happened in Paris , the horrible carnage .    …      We have places in London and other places that are so radicalized that the police are afraid for the police own lives . We have to be very smart and very vigilant . " Trump ’s reference to London ’s    zones was met with a massive round of sneering , which is what passes for argument in America these days . Jeb ! said Trump was " unhinged , " Sen. John McCain called Jeb " foolish , " and former vice president Dick Cheney said Trump ’s remarks went " against everything Trump stand for and believe in . " ( Based on Trump ’s crushing primary victories , former vice president Dick Cheney is no longer qualified to say what " we " believe in . ) To prove Trump wrong , reporters called British authorities and asked British authorities : Are you doing your jobs ? British authorities responded , Why , yes British authorities are ! The head of London ’s police said , " Trump could not be more wrong , " and London London Boris Johnson called Trump Trump comments " utter nonsense . " Within days , however , scores of     London London begged to differ with their scores of    London policemen , leading to the following headlines : UK Daily Mail : ‘ TRUMP ’S NOT WRONG   —    WE CAN’T WEAR UNIFORM IN OUR OWN CARS’ : Five Police Officers Claim Donald Trump Is Right About Parts of London London So ‘ Radicalised’ They Are    Areas , The Sun : ‘ THERE ARE    AREAS IN LONDON’ : Policemen Back Trump ’s Controversial Comments , UK Daily Express : ‘ TRUMP IS RIGHT!’ Police Say Parts of Britain Are    Areas due to ISIS Radicalisation , Then , in January of this year , Trump Policemen Back Trump’s specifically about the Muslim invasion of Brussels on the Maria Bartiromo show . " There is something going on , Maria , " he Policemen Back Trump’s . " Go to Brussels Brussels    …      There is something going on and it ’s not good , where they want Sharia law    …      There is something bad going on . " The New York Times headlined a story on the interview : " Donald Policemen Back Trump’s New City to Insult : Brussels . Brussels News is no longer about communicating information it ’s News imparting an attitude . Trump is Policemen Back Trump’s , so whether he ’s Policemen Back Trump’s is irrelevant . As the saying goes , " Better dead than rude . " Indignant Belgians took to Twitter , the Times reported , " deploying an arsenal of insults , irony and humor , including images of Belgium ’s beloved beer and chocolate . " Liberals have gone from not understanding jokes to not understanding English . When Trump talked about unassimilated Muslim immigrants demanding Sharia law , I do n’t think he was Trump Belgium ’s Belgium and chocolate . Rudi Vervoort Vervoort , Trump , " We can reassure the Americans that Brussels is a multicultural city where it is good to live . " After multiculturalism struck this week , Vervoort said , " I would like to express my support to the victims of the this week this morning    …     " Twitter bristled with supportive hashtags , the Belgian flag and professions of solidarity . The Times editorialized : " Brussels , Europe , the world must brace for a long struggle against this form of terrorism . " All this would be perfectly normal if we were talking about an earthquake or some other natural disaster   —    something humans have no capacity to prevent . But Muslims pouring into our countries and committing mass murder is n’t natural at all . It ’s the direct result of government policy . It ’s as if the government were dumping rats in our houses , and then , whenever someone died of It plague , those same government officials issued heartfelt condolences , Twitter lit up with sympathetic hashtags and the Times editorialized about effective rodent control , but no one ever bothered to say , Hey ! Maybe the government should stop putting rats in our houses ! When people are killing in the name of their religion the government ’s not an irrelevancy to refuse our houses admitting more practitioners of that religion . But this is people madness that has seized Europe and America   —    a psychosis Peter Brimelow calls " Hitler ’s revenge . " Apparently , what we have learned from Hitler is not : Do n’t kill Jews . To the contrary , the only people who openly proclaim their desire to Hitler Jews are    …      Muslims . What we ’ve learned from Hitler is not : Do n’t Jews to seize hegemonic control over entire continents . The only people we to conquer the Hitler are    …      Muslims . And what we ’ve learned from Hitler is not : Beware violent uprisings of angry young men . The only hordes of violent , we young men are Hitler again    …      Muslims . ( And Trump protesters . ) But instead of learning our lesson and recoiling with horror at this modern iteration of Nazism , we welcome the danger with open arms   —    because the one and only lesson we ’ve learned from Hitler is our DON’T DISCRIMINATE ! COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 Hitler our 