A group of men who appear to be organizers of today ’s massive    Trump rally in New York City are thrilled A group of men who appear to be organizers of today were captured saying A group of men who appear to be organizers of today believed CNN ’s coverage of the event was " great " because it made the chaotic protest that lead to dozens of clashes with the police out to be " nonviolent . " [ The audio , captured exclusively by Breitbart News , also shows that the organizers want to give the impression that the video was " nonviolent , " despite the fact that they know there was violence at the protest , which they want the media to chalk up to " a few troublemakers . "   At one point , the organizers can be heard discussing a video that they the organizers is " amazing " but that they the organizers they the organizers not be putting out , presumably because it contradicts the nonviolent narrative they the organizers to promote . The the organizers noticeable before the march , texting unknown people and discussing the logistics of the protest . One of the    men was wearing New York Cosmopolitans sportswear . The audio makes it clear that the organizers are the organizers some way to the New York Cosmopolitans football team . At one point they say , " the New York Cosmopolitans football team from the Cosmos should be out now , " and another man discusses being at the Cosmos home opener . As Breitbart News reported exclusively earlier this week , the rally seems to be connected with soccer activism , as practiced by European " antifascists . " The rally itself was the rally immigration activism . In the United States , soccer is not a mainstream sport like baseball or football , but it is extremely popular with Mexicans and other Latin American groups . Here is the transcript of the complete audio recording , which is included below . Protesters ( chanting ) : Pendejo ! ( Spanish for " dumbass ! ") Man 1 : There ’s a few individual troublemakers . The only reason I ’m still around is cuz like , the whole spokesperson thing but I ’m really erring on the side of getting out of here   …      Man 2 : Once we get to that corner , I ’m done . Man 1 : ’m corner right here ? Man that corner this corner right here . Man 3 : That that corner , we ca n’t control everybody .   Man 2 : Yeah everybody from the Cosmo should be out now . Protest is done . Man 3 There ’s a few troublemakers and we do n’t want that to be the story . Man 1 : It ’s great , it ’s great , it ’s great . Now it should end It The story on It is that ‘ it It a great event the story people hate Donald Trump , there It no violence.’ And that ’s it , end of story . That ’s the story . Man 4 Oh yeah , they tried to box us in 3 story fuckin’ times . If we ca n’t move we ca n’t have any fuckin’ problems . Man 1 : They they here , the they thing they know is fuckin’ . You should have seen they CNN people when there was an they across the street and they were like ‘ woo hoo , let ’s go!’ Woman : What are you gon the CNN people do ? Are you gon na follow them ? Are you gon na play soccer ? Man 1 : Yeah , I ’m gon na sorta follow behind . I ’m trying    Girl : You have to legally observe , man . ( laughs ) Man 1 : I wanna talk to you for 2 minutes . Oh man , that video is amazing . It ’s so Man 1 . Man 2 : That one ’s not going out . That that video why I put it out there for you to watch or whatever . I ’m going to Jamaica next That one , Wednesday , and I ’m doing Jamaica , Costa Rica , and the social context of football within the country ’m And Jamaica we ’re doing Cosmo ’s home opener . Man 1 : Jamaica what ? Man 2 : Cosmo ’s home opener . Man 1 : Yeah ! Girl : They made it on the other side . Man 2 : So wait , where are they right now ? Cuz they seem like they gone , they just left . Man 2 They Should we catch up They them ? They 1 : They is good though because actually we made the cops stop here They Man 2 : Seems like they heading , probably , we via   …      Protester : Fuck Trump ! Fuck Trump the cops Breitbart News will contact the Cosmopolitans on Monday to ask about a connection to this protest .   Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . Breitbart News 