  ( CNN ) Cory Booker said Tuesday Cory Booker is going to love and pray for Donald Trump after the Republican nominee attacked Cory Booker on Twitter following the New Jersey senator ’s speech to the Democratic National Convention . " I love Donald Trump , " Cory Booker said Tuesday on  (CNN) ’s " New Day . " " I do n’t want to answer Cory Booker hate with hate . I ’m going to answer it his hate love . I ’m ’m going to answer Cory Booker darkness with darkness . " Cory Booker called Trump Donald Trump in Cory Booker speech attacking Cory Booker for Cory Booker words about immigrants , women and people with disability .   Trump Donald Trump saying he Donald Trump " more about Cory " than the senator himself .   " If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party , they have Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party future ! I know more about Cory than Cory knows Cory himself , Cory he tweeted Cory . But Booker Cory Booker the suggestion . " He Cory Booker us to be speculating . It sounds so sinister , " he Cory Booker CNN ’s Chris Cuomo and Alisyn Camerota . " I do n’t care , I love you Donald Cory Booker I pray for you . Chris Cuomo and Alisyn Camerota hope that you find some kindness in your heart , that you ’re not going to be somebody that spews out insults to your political opposition , that you ’re going to find some way to love . " But do n’t confuse Booker ’s love for Trump as an endorsement for his candidacy Booker " I love you . I just do n’t want him to Booker my president . I do n’t want you to have the White House to be spewing that kind of    hate that does n’t even belong in a playground sandbox , " he said Booker   Booker has Booker the campaign trail with Clinton in the past and said he will Booker to attack Trump ’s policies .   " I ’m just gon na keep loving on him . Booker ’m gon na tell the truth about him but Booker ’m going to keep loving on him , Booker he said Booker " That kind of vitriol , that kind of meanness has no place in the presidency . " " Bring it on Donald . Show your truth . I ’m gon na show mine . Love you , brother , " he added brother 
 