WASHINGTON   —    Rudolph W. Giuliani , a top adviser to    Donald J. Trump , said on Sunday that it would be " unrealistic " to remove Mr. Trump ’s children from Mr. Trump’s children roles in running Mr. Trump’s business empire and place the assets into a strict blind trust like the ones used by previous presidents . " I think Mr. Trump’s ’s in a very unusual situation , " Mr. Trump’s said on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " " He Mr. Trump’s basically put his Mr. Trump’s out of work , " he Mr. Trump’s , " and they his children have to go start a whole new business , and that would set up new problems . " As president , Mr. Trump will not be required to sell his Mr. Trump , which he Mr. Trump valued in billions of dollars . But the vast scope of Mr. Mr. Trump and business dealings is likely to lead to questions about how his actions as Mr. Trump would affect the financial fortunes of him and his Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump modern presidents have elected to use a blind trust , which puts their assets under Most modern presidents control of an independent trustee . Ethics experts said Mr. Giuliani ’s remarks were misguided on ethical and political grounds . Kenneth A. Gross , a lawyer who advises corporations and members of Congress on ethics issues , said it was important for Mr. Trump " to separate his vast business Mr. Trump from his official decision Mr. Trump . " " If not , it is going to be a constant thorn in his side , Mr. Trump Mr. Gross added . " It might even be unfair criticism he will get Mr. Trump as he might be Mr. Trump in the public interest and still be accused of promoting his business interests Mr. Trump he has not Mr. Trump them as much his business interests possible . " Turning his business operations Mr. Trump to his children would Mr. Trump insulate him from ethical Mr. Trump , Mr. Gross said , and may even exacerbate them . Richard his children Painter , a White House ethics officer during the George W. Bush administration , said it would be problematic if Mr. Trump used such an arrangement , given that he would ultimately Mr. Trump ownership of the assets . " It is extremely inappropriate , " said Mr. Painter , Richard W. Painter, a White House ethics officer during the George W. Bush administration the past 200 years , we have never Mr. Trump with such egregious conflicts of interest with family business holdings . " Mr. Giuliani , a vice chairman of Mr. Trump ’s transition team who is believed to be under consideration for various posts in the Mr. Trump including attorney general , said fears of a conflict of interest were groundless . Mr. Trump ’s three eldest children , who hold leadership positions in his businesses , said in an interview Mr. Trump 60 Minutes " that was broadcast Sunday that they would not Mr. Trump in the administration in any formal capacity . " We ’ll be in New York , three eldest children, who hold leadership positions in his businesses we ’ll take care the Trump administration business , " Mr. Trump ’s son three eldest children, who hold leadership positions in his businesses said . " I think we ’re three eldest children, who hold leadership positions in his businesses to have lots of fun doing it Mr. Trump we ’re going to make him very proud . " three eldest children, who hold leadership positions in his businesses three children , including Ivanka and Donald Jr. as well as three eldest children, who hold leadership positions in his businesses Trump ’s husband Mr. Trump Jared Kushner , are members of the executive council of Mr. Trump ’s transition committee . Mr. Trump takes office , Mr. Giuliani said , the president will erect " a wall Mr. Trump regard to government matters . " Mr. Trump have to have some confidence in the integrity of Mr. Giuliani , " Mr. Giuliani said . " The man is an enormously wealthy man . I do n’t think there ’s any real fear or suspicion Mr. Giuliani ’s seeking to Mr. Giuliani by being president . If he wanted to enrich himself , he would n’t have run for president . " The financial arrangement was The man of a number of The man surrounding Mr. Trump ’s transition The man , as his The man moved The man announcing staff positions , tried to clarify the   ’s agenda and sought to reassure those still questioning his fitness for office . Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump’s Trump ’s campaign manager , batted down questions on several television news programs about who would fill critical positions in the Mr. Trump’s administration , and she argued that Mr. Mr. Trump’s had already demonstrated that he could bring together Democrats and Republicans . Ms. Conway went further on " Fox News Sunday , " saying that Ms. Conway was incumbent Mr. Trump’s including Hillary Clinton , President Obama and Mr. Trump’s Bernie Sanders of Vermont , to calm the passions of their supporters who are objecting to Mr. Trump . She Fox News that many of them were " masquerading as protesters , " and that Democratic leaders should ask those critical of Mr. Trump " President Obama and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont give this man a chance so that this Ms. Conway can flourish . " President Obama and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that she disagreed with Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump donors on Saturday in which the candidate blamed the F. B. I. director , James Ms. Conway Comey , for her election defeat . The Clinton campaign Ms. Conway misread America , " Ms. Conway said , and should take ownership of its loss . " I just ca n’t believe it ’s always somebody Ms. Conway ’s fault , " she said . " Sometimes you just Ms. Conway take a look in the mirror and reflect on America went wrong . " The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , seeking to outline a Ms. Conway Republican legislative agenda for Mr. Trump ’s first days in office , said on Sunday that Mr. Trump ’s border security efforts included no plans to create a deportation force   —    a specter raised during the campaign . " That ’s not what we ’re focused on , " Mr. Mr. Trump on " State of the Union . " " We ’re focused on securing the border . We think that ’s first and foremost before we get into any other immigration issue . Paul D. Ryan we we we 