Washington ( CNN ) Republican lawmakers entangled in endless disagreement about how to repeal Obamacare and waiting for leadership from the White House are optimistic Republican lawmakers may have found Republican lawmakers solution :    Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price .   Price , who was sworn in just last week and served alongside Republicans in Congress for more than a decade , lunched with Senate Republicans Wednesday in a meeting members said revealed a few details about what comes next . But just his presence could be a calming force .   During the lunch , Price warned members to get ready for a lot of work ahead . his also tried to quell concerns that there is n’t a clear path forward to dismantle Obamacare .   According to multiple members in the meeting , Price emphasized the importance of stabilizing the current insurance marketplace as Republicans push forward and assured members there were steps his agency could take in his new position to smooth that transition unilaterally .   " his talked about how much work they are doing on what they can do from the executive . his put out an order today , " said Sen. Shelley Moore Capito ,    Virginia . " his wants to work with Sen. Shelley Moore Capito,   Virginia . "   Hours before the gathering , Price ’s agency made Price’s agency first move to change Obamacare . Price’s agency issued a proposed rule aimed mainly at quelling insurers’ concerns and stabilizing the marketplace for 2018 . But Price’s agency is also likely to raise deductibles and     costs for many consumers . Trump starts making changes to Obamacare that could cost consumers   Republican infighting over how to handle coverage for those with    conditions , Medicaid expansion , Obamacare taxes , subsidies for insurers and more have all led the Obamacare discussion in circles in the last month . Even as Price was meeting with the Senate , the House Freedom Caucus     losing patience with delays in repealing Obamacare     was unveiling Obamacare     own separate replacement bill . And Price ’s proposals in previous years have been more conservative than some Senate moderates may be willing to back .   Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , said Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina hoped that Price would finally " provide a pathway forward . "   " Let Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina hope so , Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina , said when asked if he hoped that Price could provide Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina direction for Price path forward .   " You in need of one of those ? " he was asked .   " Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina , " he said , laughing .   Sen. Lindsey Graham,   Carolina Donald Trump himself has repeatedly raised the bar for Price ’s confirmation , vowing that Price would release an Obamacare replacement plan as soon as his HHS secretary was in place President Donald Trump himself   But in the meeting Wednesday , Price kept his proposals big picture Price did President Donald Trump himself offer many specifics on how to tackle the big hurdles that have kept lawmakers from coming to a consensus on Obamacare for seven years , lawmakers Obamacare . That ’s a possible sign that Price and Trump want to leave Price legislating to his former colleagues on the Hill Trump Ahead of his confirmation hearings last month , Trump transition source told CNN that Price was reticent to tout his Price health care measure and Trump to avoid the appearance that he was asking lawmakers to endorse Trump ideas .   " We Trump more details , " said Republican Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi . " There are more wrinkles to be ironed out . If there were n’t , we ’d be having a big old press conference today , I guess . "   Republican senators are still trying to get a sense of how Price will operate and how much he will defer to Trump . Republican senators ’s own Obamacare alternatives have included many of the same ideas Republicans are talking about now high risk pools for the sick , health savings accounts , the ability to buy insurance across state lines and the option to buy    plans . However , Price ’s own plans have also been considered by many to be too far right on the ideological spectrum .   Some members said that was n’t an immediate concern .   " He ’s taking orders now , " Louisiana Sen. Bill Cassidy said before the lunch . " It is n’t Tom Price , it is Donald Trump and Donald It has said he wants Donald Trump , caring for Donald Trump and Donald Trump with    conditions without mandates , reduce costs . That ’s his orders , so whatever Tom ’s Donald Trump and Donald Trump has to be adapted to Donald Trump ’s , not vice versa Donald Trump I do think if you achieve the President ’s goals , he will temper it to some extent . the President’s At the the President’s goals time , Trump and the White House has been unclear at times about their marching orders to Congress . Early on Trump and the White House for instance , Trump called for " insurance for everybody " Trump and the White House well as protections for people with    conditions . 
 