’   ’ "    Chinese President Xi Jinping has assured US President Donald    Trump that China has limited influence over North Korea , but    that ’s only half true . " "    It ’s true that diplomatic relations between the two are weak . Xi    has never visited Kim Jong Un in Pyongyang , and Kim has never    been to Beijing .    officials with ties to China in    North Korea have been executed at Kim Kim , sometimes with    packs of dogs , sometimes with    guns . " ’    But Gordon Chang , the author of " The Coming Collapse of China , China     that 90 % of North Korea’ ’s trade is    done with China , China for 90 % of its oil    , in some    years , 100 % of its aviation    . ’ ’    After a provocative North Korean missile launch in 2003 , China    China its supply of China to North Korea for three days . In no    time , the Kim regime caved to international demands and sat down    for the    talks on nuclear disarmament . ’ ’    " China can disarm China Korea in North Korea of an eye , " Chang    wrote . ’ "    And it could do so   And crippling North Korea ’s economy   —    but at a    huge cost to North Koreans . " "    Sanctions on North Korea do not North Korea trade . Although    the UN takes very seriously the prospect of an aggressive ,      North Korea , economic warfare North Korea form of      sanctions would harm or kill civilians   —    China also    supplies at least a third of North Korea ’s food , according North Korea Chang . " "    Additionally , China pressing North Korea to the point of regime North Korea would contradict its interests , as Beijing does n’t want    to face a strong , democratic , unified Korea on its border that    could play host to    military installations    " ’   ’ "    But North Korea , with its incessant nuclear provocations North Korea nearly weekly missile North Korea , functions as a giant bull’   for    the US , though any military confrontation would run a high risk    of going nuclear and killing hundreds of thousands , if not more . " ’    " China will either decide to help us with North Korea or they    won’’t , " Trump said in an April interview with the .    " If they do , that will be very good for China , and if they don’’t ,    it China be good for they . " ’ "    So as North Korea progresses toward a nuclear missile that can    strike the US , China must decide how hard it ’s willing to China    the rogue Kim China while considering its increasingly       relationship with the US over    it .    ’Chinese President the US has assured US . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 