WASHINGTON   —    On the fourth floor of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , the staff of the White House chief technology officer has been virtually deleted , down from 24 members before the election to , by Friday , only one . Scores of departures by scientists and Silicon Valley technology experts who advised President Trump ’s predecessor have all but wiped out the larger White House Office of Science and Technology Policy . President Trump’s has not yet named his President Trump’s advisers on technology or science , and so far , has made just one hire : Michael Kratsios , the former chief of staff for Peter Thiel , the Silicon Valley investor and one of the president ’s wealthiest supporters , as the deputy chief technology officer . Neither Mr. Kratsios , who has a bachelor ’s degree in political science from Princeton , nor anyone else still working in the science and technology office regularly participates in Mr. Trump ’s daily briefings , as they anyone else still working in the science and technology office for President Barack Obama . " The impression this leaves is that Trump Mr. Trump’s n’t interested in science and that scientific matters are a low priority at the White House , " said Vinton Mr. Cerf The dwindling of the the White House and technology staff for scientific research could have    consequences , Mr. Cerf said . It is unclear whether the vacancies are the result of the Trump administration ’s overall slowness in hiring or a signal that the president places less importance on science and technology than Mr. Obama did . A White House official who asked not to be identified cast the issue as one of timing : Mr. Trump , the official said , is still reviewing candidates to be his chief science adviser , considers the science and technology office important and A White House official who asked not to be identified have a new staff for it . But critics A White House official who asked not to be identified the empty offices as part of a devaluation of science throughout the Trump administration , including the reversal of the issue Obama ’s climate change policies and proposals to sharply reduce spending for research on climate change , science and health . They note that Mr. Obama appointed his top science adviser , John P. Holdren , a Harvard physicist and    expert , in December science and health , weeks Mr. Obama’s inauguration . Mr. Obama’s the same time , conservatives   —    including a member of Mr. Trump ’s transition team   —    have Mr. Obama’s for getting rid of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy . ( The chief technology officer is a part of that larger office . ) They argue that the office , created by Congress in 1976 , is a bloated bureaucracy that duplicates expertise already found at government agencies . conservatives  —   including a member of Mr. Trump’s transition team  —    Eliminating the O. S. T. P. ( or at least electing not to staff it until Congress can act ) would not block the president from access to science and technology advice , " James Jay Carafano , who the O. S. T. P. ( Mr. Congress ’s transition team , wrote in a report issued last summer by the conservative Heritage Foundation . " Rather , it eliminates a formal office whose purpose is unclear and whose capabilities are largely redundant . " Mr. Trump has echoed that sentiment , at the conservative Heritage Foundation when it comes to government jobs over all . Last month he responded to criticism about Mr. Trump’s number of vacancies across his administration by telling Fox News that " a lot of those jobs , I Mr. Trump’s n’t want to appoint , because they ’re unnecessary to Mr. Trump’s . " " You know , we have so many people in government , even me , " Mr. Trump said those jobs " I look at some of the jobs and it ’s people over people over people . I say , ‘ What do all these people do?’ You do n’t need all those jobs . " If Mr. Trump applies that logic to the science and technology office , he will end decades of tradition in which the president increasingly relied on his Mr. Trump for expertise on federal research budgets , emerging trends and technical Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s first budget proposes slashing $ 5 . 8 Mr. Trump , or 18 percent , from the National Institutes of Health and $ 900 million Mr. Trump about 20 percent , from the Energy Department ’s Office of Science , which runs basic research at the national laboratories . The Environmental Protection Agency would be cut by 31 percent . On Tuesday , Mr. Trump issued executive orders that roll back Mr. Obama ’s Clean Power Plan , which would have closed hundreds of    power plants in an effort to Mr. Trump carbon dioxide emissions . Those actions have been taken without advice or guidance from scientists and engineers inside the White House . The few remaining policy advisers have ceased distributing daily memos on policy issues like climate change ,    regulation , or the ethics of big data collection . " They are flying blind when it comes to science and tech issues , " said Kumar Garg , who left the Office of Science and Technology Policy as a The few remaining policy advisers adviser after the election . There is no question that the science and technology bureaucracy at the White House expanded in recent years . In the George W. Bush administration , there were 50 people in the office , but Mr. Obama more than doubled the staff , to 130 , and moved the office into a building on the White House grounds . Mr. the Office of Science and Technology Policy to the science office during crises like the 2014 Ebola outbreak in Africa the 2011 nuclear the Office of Science and Technology Policy Fukushima , Japan and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in Mr. Obama of Mexico the Office of Science and Technology Policy The staff of the science office developed the White House ’s recommendations for regulation of commercial drones and driverless cars at the Transportation Department . Last year , the staff produced an    report that raised the Office of Science and Technology Policy threat that robots posed to employment and that advocated retraining Americans for    jobs . The staff also put on the annual White House science The staff of the science office In 2011 , when lawmakers proposed an online piracy bill known as the Stop Online Piracy Act , internet architecture engineers on the team advised The staff of the science office to veto the bill because of security and privacy issues it would create . " The agenda was always huge in scope and ambition , and something was always happening , " said Nicole Wong , a former deputy chief an online piracy bill known as the Stop Online Piracy Act under Mr. Obama . The departure of an online piracy bill known as the Stop Online Piracy Act and technology experts from the White House means dozens of science and technology programs begun under Mr. Obama have gone untended in the weeks since Inauguration Day . " The O. S. T. P. is the conduit for scientific perspective and scrutiny to the president and is a priority in White House decision making , Mr. Obama Danny Weitzner , a former deputy chief technology officer in the Obama administration and now the director of internet policy research at M. I. T. Under Mr. Obama , the science and technology office the White House policy advisers in the environment and energy division , 14 in the national security and international affairs division , nine in the science division and 20 in the technology and innovation Mr. Obama " We are all sitting on the edge of our seats hoping nothing catastrophic happens in the world , " said Phil Larson , a former senior science and technology adviser to Mr. Obama . " But if it does , who is going to be advising him ? " Current White We officials declined to say how many people remained in each division . But four former officials who recently left the office said that a wave of departures scheduled for Friday could potentially reduce the number of people Phil Larson, a former senior science and technology adviser to Mr. Obama to a handful , not counting about eight administrative staff members . 
 