Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday that    images " have no place in a presidential campaign , " several days after Donald Trump ignited a controversy with a tweet featuring a    star and a pile of money in an attack on Hillary Clinton . The Wisconsin Republican was critical of how the real estate mogul and The Wisconsin Republican social media staff use Twitter . " Look , I really believe The Wisconsin Republican has to clean up the way The Wisconsin Republican ( social ) media works , " Ryan said on the Charlie Sykes radio program . " They ’ve got to clean this thing up . " The presumptive Republican nominee set off The presumptive Republican nominee latest social media firestorm this past weekend when The presumptive Republican nominee tweeted the graphic critical of Clinton . Critics said the graphic evoked    imagery . The Trump campaign refused to answer questions about the tweet even as reports emerged that the image had been posted to an    white supremacist message board 10 days earlier . Trump downplayed the controversy in a tweet Monday morning by slamming the " dishonest media . " RELATED : Trump ’s ’Star of David’ tweet controversy , explained , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called the a tweet " misfire " in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , but praised Trump Trump for correcting it quickly .   " Everyone ’s upset when you have things that happen that cause these kinds of     you have misfires and controversies , of course you do n’t want to see that stuff happen , " he said . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus But also , it ’s something they realized very quickly had occurred , they fixed the they and they moved on they it . " the problem It ’s not the problem they just sat they and did nothing about it . The the problem realized it was a mistake . He went on The guy put out an explanation of how he did it The guy These are not people running away from a problem , " Priebus said . 
 