’   ’ ’    Comedian Kathy Griffin set the internet ablaze Tuesday after a    photo of Comedian Kathy Griffin holding a gory , Donald    prop head . ’ ’    a   photo of her holding a gory, Donald   prop head has earned Comedian Kathy Griffin widespread criticism    from politicians and pundits . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tOur politics have become too base , too low , & too vulgar , but Kathy Griffin ’s post descends into an even more repugnant & vile territory . ’t’t " ’ ’t’t’tThis Kathy Kathy Griffin is so upsetting and disgusting .     is wrong with people today ?   Have we lost all our humanity ? ’t’t’ we ’t’t’tIt was n’t right when peoplel hung lynched Obama effigies , just as what Kathy Griffin Kathy Griffin n’t right now . ’t’t " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tDisgusting but not surprising . This is the left today . They consider this acceptable . Imagine a This did this to Obama as POTUS ?   Obama " ’t’t’tKathy Griffin holds Trump Kathy Griffin severed head . She is a sick , ’t’t’tKathy Griffin human being . Typical Leftist . " ’ ’t’t’tThis is the left . This is what modern day Democrats look like .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHope everyone attacking Kathy Griffin was just as ’t’t’tKathy Griffin they hung a lifelike President Barack everyone attacking Kathy Griffin from a tree after he was elected’t’t’ " ’t’t’tConservatives who a lifelike President Barack Obama for Trump do n’t feel they should be held accountable for everyone attacking Kathy Griffin views , but think Kathy a lifelike President Barack Obama represents all liberals . ’t’t’tKathy Griffin ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI have become so good at ignoring Kathy Griffin through the years that I ’t’t’tKathy Griffin idea what happened today’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tCondemning this photo shoot is a slippery slope to having to condemn every dumb thing Kathy Griffin does’t’t’ " ’t’t’tOh please , I ’t’t’tKathy Griffin offended by Kathy Griffin since 2007’t’t " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tmy ’t’t’tKathy Griffin has mostly been liberals disgusted by Kathy Griffin and conservatives asking why liberals are n’t denouncing ’t’t’tKathy Griffin " ’ ’t’t’tSomeone , somewhere , is rushing to be the first to post an     Griffin hot take’t’t’ " ’t’t’tSo I see Kathy Griffin has made ’t’t’tKathy Griffin bid for temporary    in our ’t’t’tKathy Griffin era . Meh . I ’m not scandalized . I ’m just bored . ’t’t " ’    The backlash prompted an ’m from Griffin , who said she will    ask the photographer from the shoot to take down ’t’t’tKathy Griffin image . ’ ’    " ’ ’Comedian Kathy Griffin set the internet ablaze . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 