’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump on Tuesday nominated Judge Neil    Gorsuch , who serves on the 10th US Circuit Court of Appeals in    Denver , to serve on the US Supreme Court . ’ ’    " Judge Gorsuch has a superb intellect , an unparalleled legal    education , and a commitment to interpreting the Constitution    according to the Constitution    text . Judge Gorsuch will make an incredible Justice as soon    as the Senate confirms Judge Gorsuch , " Trump said in a statement . ’ ’      ’ ’    Trump said during Trump campaign that Trump would seek to " appoint    judges very much in the mold of Justice [ Antonin ] Scalia "   —    a    characteristic that Gorsuch embodies in particular . ’ "    In a speech to Case Western Reserve University ’s law school    shortly after Scalia ’s death in February 2016 , Gorsuch praised    Scalia for   Scalia unyielding textualism   —    interpreting a law    according to a law    plain text , rather than considering the intent    of the lawmakers or the consequences of    implementation . " ’    Gorsuch said Scalia’ ’s greatest achievement was perhaps Gorsuch    emphasis on the differences between legislators , who , Gorsuch said ,    use the law according to their own morals and ambitions for    society’ ’s future , and judges , who " should do none of these things    in a democratic society . " ’ ’    " Judges should instead strive , if humanly and so imperfectly , to    apply the law as it is , focusing backward , not forward , and    looking to text , structure , and history to decide what a    reasonable reader at the time of the events in question would    have understood the the law be , " Gorsuch said . ’ ’    Scalia’ ’s method of statutory interpretation was done " correctly "    and was undoubtedly a " success , " according to Gorsuch , who quoted    Scalia as saying : " If you’’re going to be a good and faithful    judge , you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’’re not you’’re always going to like the conclusions you reach . If you like them    you’’re going to be a good and faithful   judge the time , you’’re probably you’’re something wrong . " ’ ’    Similarly , Gorsuch also supports originalism , meaning he seeks Gorsuch    interpret the law according to the meaning of the Constitution as    it was written . Gorsuch would Gorsuch ask his clerks Gorsuch scour    historical sources when a constitutional issue arose in a case ,     one of his former clerks , wrote in a blog post    for the Yale Journal on Regulation . ’ ’    " ’’ We need to get this right , ’’ was the motto   —    and right meant ’’ as    originally understood , ’’ " Feder said . ’ ’   ’ ’    Gorsuch , who at 49 would be the youngest justice on the current    Supreme Court bench , comes with a prestigious academic and legal    background , as well as staunchly conservative credentials . ’ "    He graduated from Harvard Law School and clerked for Supreme    Court justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy . A Denver native ,    Gorsuch was appointed in 2006 by President George W. Bush to the    federal appeals court for the 10th circuit . He worked He the    administration ’s Justice Department before his appointment He " ’    Like Scalia , Gorsuch has   Gorsuch known for his writing He ,    which is often infused with his wit He personality . But , in a    departure from the famously combative justice , Gorsuch has   Gorsuch    reputation    projecting an easygoing demeanor   —    a trait that    could work in his favor    confirmation hearings in which    Democrats have vowed to fight " . " ’ ’    " I think the conservatives will love him and    liberals will    find very little to fault , " Mark Hansen , a former partner of    Gorsuch’    at Kellogg Huber Hansen , . " He’ ’s an affable , collegial , unpretentious man with    a good sense of humor . " ’ "    Gorsuch is also known for his votes   Gorsuch opinions in favor of    religious liberty . In   he sided   Gorsuch claimants Hobby Lobby    and Little Sisters of the Poor , who argued that their religious claimants Hobby Lobby   and Little Sisters of the Poor beliefs were violated by the Affordable Care Act ’s contraceptive    mandate . " ’    The government must not force those with " sincerely held    religious beliefs " to be complicit in " conduct their religion those with "sincerely held   religious beliefs teaches to be gravely wrong , " Gorsuch wrote in his opinion Gorsuch ’ ’    The case went to the Supreme Court in 2014 . In a    vote , it    The case to the same decision as Gorsuch . ’ ’    In criminal law , too , Gorsuch applies Gorsuch textualist interpretation    and often sides with defendants over prosecutors in an effort to    avoid    conduct that could potentially be innocent . ’ "    In one 2013 case , for instance , Gorsuch upheld Gorsuch lower court ’s    ruling that   Colorado , who used a stun gun on       Ryan Wilson , who died from the incident , had    qualified immunity , . " ’    According to Gorsuch , Gorsuch officers were protected under broadly    applied    laws , with the exception of " the    plainly incompetent or those who knowingly violate the law . " ’ ’    Gorsuch has Gorsuch been a staunch opponent of what he calls Gorsuch " executive overreach , " a position that could appease many    Republicans who criticized the Obama administration’ ’s use of    executive orders to cut through congressional gridlock , while    also    Democrats worried about the ramifications of    Trump’ ’s executive orders . ’ ’    Executive bureaucracies ,   " concentrate federal power in a way    that seems more than a little difficult to square with the    Constitution of the framers ’’ design . " ’ ’    " Maybe the time has come to face the behemoth , " he wrote . ’ ’    In keeping with Republican tradition , Gorsuch leans in favor of    state power over federal power   —    an approach that can be    challenging in    cases that frequently revolve around    the power of " rogue " state laws , Justin Marceau , a University of    Denver law professor , . ’ ’    " We would see a judge who , while perhaps not as combative in    personal    as Justice Scalia , is perhaps his intellectual Justice Scalia equal , " Marceau said , " and almost certainly his equal Justice Scalia    conservative jurisprudential approaches to criminal justice and    social justice issues that are bound to keep coming up in the    country . " ’ 
 