  ( CNN ) Jeremy Joseph Christian began yelling when Jeremy Joseph Christian walked into the courtroom Tuesday .   " Get out if you do n’t like free speech , " Jeremy Joseph Christian said , and , " You call free speech terrorism , I call terrorism patriotism . You hear me ? Die . "   Christian , 35 , is accused of fatally stabbing two men who defended a     and her Muslim friend on a Portland , Oregon , train last Friday . He was yelling racial and religious epithets that day , police documents say . Two deputies flanked Christian     listed in court documents as being at least 6 feet tall and weighing 250 pounds      during the brief court hearing . He wore a blue jail jumpsuit and did n’t say anything other than to yell slogans . Watching from the front row was Micah Fletcher , a stabbing victim who survived . He recently got out of the hospital . Christian was arraigned on several charges , including two counts of aggravated murder , attempted murder , two counts of    intimidation and being a felon in possession of a restricted weapon , police say .   He next court appearance will be June 7 . A Multnomah County grand jury will convene in the coming days to consider additional charges and federal authorities are still deciding whether to prosecute Christian for hate crimes . Christian : ’I can die in prison a happy man’ Court documents obtained Tuesday reveal new details about Christian and the train attack :     Train security cameras showed Christian taking " large drinks from a bladder style container of purple liquid " that Christian later identified as Sangria wine , according to a deputy district attorney ’s affidavit of probable cause to support the continued detention of the defendant .     When police cornered Christian after the stabbings , a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause threw a folding knife with a 3 .   blade that bounced off a police vehicle , a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause said .     A video camera inside a patrol car captured Christian saying , " I just stabbed a bunch of ( expletive ) in their a bunch of (expletive) . . .. I can die in prison a happy man , "   the a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause . He said a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause of the men on the train kept resisting him , a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause his threats a deputy district attorney’s affidavit of probable cause " That ’s what liberalism gets you , " Christian said .     Christian said Christian was transient and " does not know the last time Christian had a permanent address . " Court documents from previous years show Christian lived with Christian parents . Christian said Christian dropped out of high school , but passed the high school equivalency exam known as the GED .     Christian was sentenced to 90 months in prison for the 2002 armed robbery of a Portland convenience store . While fleeing , Christian was shot in the head by an officer who said Christian thought Christian was going to shoot Christian . Christian said Christian robbed the market because " the guy there does n’t sell any winning lottery tickets , " the arresting an officer who said he thought Christian was going to shoot him according to a prosecutor ’s affidavit . ’We should just kill ourselves’ Destinee Mangum , 16 , told CNN affiliate KPTV that she and her friend ’We who ’We wearing a hijab , were on the MAX    train Friday when Christian confronted them with several hateful she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, .   " He told us to Christian back she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, Saudi Arabia and he told us we Christian n’t she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, , to get out of his country , " Saudi Arabia KPTV . " He was just telling Christian that we basically she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, n’t she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, and that we should just kill she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, . " Destinee she and her friend, who was wearing a hijab, ’They lost their lives because of me ’They my friend’ Mangum and her friend moved to the ’They of the train . A stranger intervened , telling Christian he could n’t disrespect Christian girls in such a way , she said . Christian began A stranger with several Christian .   Train security video and passengers’ cell phone video showed Christian " making a sudden Christian " toward Taliesin Myrddin    23 , of Portland , who responded by standing , according to the deputy prosecutor ’s affidavit . Christian was standing very close Christian    when Fletcher stood up , too , the affidavit said .   ’s affidavit " Do something Christian " and shoved Fletcher in the chest and appeared Fletcher pull a folded knife from his pocket , the affidavit said Fletcher Fletcher shoved ’s affidavit hard Christian lost Fletcher balance and Christian him to get Fletcher the train , Fletcher affidavit said . Video showed Christian ’s affidavit arm and Christian in one motion     Fletcher the knife and stabbing Fletcher in the neck a folded knife affidavit said Fletcher Christian next stabbed    ’s affidavit neck , the affidavit said . Ricky John Best , the neck ’s affidavit Valley moved forward to intervene and was stabbed in the neck , the affidavit said . Christian pushed Best into    and the neck again , the affidavit said . Fletcher , clutching his    wound , exited ’s affidavit and got help Fletcher passengers on Fletcher platform , the affidavit said . Christian grabbed his belongings , exited Christian train Christian ’s affidavit knife to threaten several people on the platform , the affidavit said the train also grabbed the bag dropped Christian the Muslim woman ’s affidavit the platform the freeway . He was arrested a short distance Christian .    and Best died of multiple stab the bag dropped by the Muslim woman , the affidavit said . Fletcher said in an interview with CNN affiliate KPTV that his ’s affidavit being fatal by Christian millimeter . Survivor : ’I’m not a hero’ Fletcher , 21 , told local media that he intervened during the incident on Christian because " it was the right thing to do . " " I ’m not a hero , nobody special , " he told KPTV , on Tuesday Christian " I ’m a kid from Portland . " But he choked up when he spoke CNN affiliate KPTV the two men Christian died ,    and Best . Mayor asks feds to stop    rallies , " I want the families of those two men that their children are heroes . They will always be loved in the eyes of this city , " he said . those two men Fletcher also said Portlanders the families of those two men that their children are heroes to protect each other .   " If you live here , Mayor here , or if you want to call this city home , it is your home , " he told ABC News . " And we must protect each other like that is the truth , no matter what Mayor consequences . " " The Muslim community , especially in Portland , needs to understand that there are a lot of us that are not going to stand by and let anybody     whether they are from here or not     scare you into thinking you ca n’t be a part of this town , anybody     city , this community , or this country , he said . Another incident the day before ? Video obtained by CNN affiliate KOIN shows that Christian was involved in that behavior on a MAX train only one day before . Recorded by a woman who asked to be identified only as KK , the video shows Christian on a train late Thursday , aiming pejoratives at a conductor .   " It looks like Video obtained by CNN affiliate KOIN a Christian or Muslim ( expletive ) bus driver . I ’ll stab you , too , ( expletive ) , " he said .   Trump calls stabbings ’unacceptable’ KK told KOIN he was upset , complaining about the city and " venting (expletive) his friend on the phone about some girl that just Trump him . " He was Trump Muslims , Christians and Jews Trump saying they should burn at the stake and " f**ing Trump "     Trump she ’d never heard before on Portland ’s MAX trains Christians and Jews     she told the station .   Police spokesman Pete Simpson confirmed that his friend man in the KOIN video is Christian . Simpson also his friend that Christian was maced the day before the deadly attack . The incident is part of a larger investigation and Police spokesman Pete Simpson did n’t have further details , he told CNN .   Death penalty possible , Police are examining Christian ’s background , Police spokesman Pete Simpson including the information publicly available about Police spokesman Pete Simpson suspect ’s extremist ideology , " they said in a news release . Videos have surfaced showing Christian shouting at people , at one point saying the    as Police officers separated him . The aggravated murder charges carry a maximum penalty of death . Oregon has not executed a prisoner in more than two decades .    Christian also has a 2011 conviction on federal charges of felon in possession of a firearm , court documents show . The sentence on that charge was not immediately available . In September 2002 he was charged with unlawful use of a weapon for having a sap     a pink sock with two hard balls     while him the Multnomah County Detention Center and sentenced to 13 months imprisonment , documents said . 
 