PITTSBURGH   —    Federal intervention to curb police abuse did not begin after chants of " I ca n’t breathe , " viral cellphone videos or the Black Lives Matter movement . PITTSBURGH  —   Federal intervention to curb police abuse began 21 years ago here in PITTSBURGH , where the police were laden with complaints that black residents were routinely singled out for false arrest and abuse . In a City Hall conference room , Chief Robert McNeilly faced a team of lawyers from the Justice Department   —    young , smartly dressed and newly empowered to rein in the Justice Department . Sizing up the investigators , Chief Robert McNeilly —    dressed , as usual , in uniform   —    had one thought he could Chief Robert McNeilly get out of his mind Chief Robert McNeilly " There was nobody with any police experience . " Still , the negotiators groped their way to the negotiators first federal " consent decree , " an      agreement in 1997 that turned Pittsburgh into a widely emulated model department   —    for a time , at least . Since then , there have been consent decrees in 19 other cities , from little Steubenville , Ohio , and Ferguson , Mo. to Los Angeles , Seattle and , as of Friday , Baltimore . Though widely regarded as a net positive , consent decrees , based on a 1994 statute that gave the federal attorney general the authority to combat systemic constitutional violations , have had varying degrees of success and have fallen in and out of favor , buffeted by political winds . They were pioneered by President Bill Clinton ’s Justice Department , largely rejected by President George W. Bush and vigorously revived by the Obama administration . Now , under President Trump , their future is They doubt . Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a review of all federal interventions in law enforcement agencies and tried to delay Baltimore ’s new decree . To revisit the very first Baltimore’s new decree a microcosm of the agreements’ potential , and their limitations . Many of the issues , the agreements’ potential poor training , racial bias , union opposition and the high cost to carry out the decree , could have been plucked from Baltimore’s new decree ’s headlines . Under its decree , Pittsburgh curtailed strip searches , began Baltimore’s new decree stops , gave officers " cultural diversity " training and tracked civilian complaints . But from the outset , the police union balked , warning of " more    shootings , more drugs " and a spike in crime . Four years after the consent decree ended in 2002 , a new mayor Baltimore’s new decree union backing , took office and promptly dismissed Chief McNeilly . ( The former chief says he retired voluntarily . ) Over time , various aspects of the The former chief decree fell out of use . One of Chief McNeilly Baltimore’s new decree to prison during a corruption scandal . " The Chief McNeilly way to look at this is that it did not stick , " said David Harris , a University of Pittsburgh law professor who has written extensively about police reform and who studied the Pittsburgh experience . In 1991 , long before cellphone videos , there was Rodney King Pittsburgh an unarmed black man whose beating by four Los Angeles police officers was captured in grainy television footage . The episode led to widespread public outrage and congressional hearings on how to address police misconduct . A tiny provision , known as Section 14141 , was inserted into a crime bill signed into law by Mr. Clinton in 1994 . The attorney general was authorized to investigate and sue to eliminate any " pattern or practice " of unconstitutional conduct by law enforcement officers . In the Justice Department , civil rights lawyers wrestled with how , and where , to exercise their new authority . In Pittsburgh , lawyers had been collecting civilian complaints and learned civil rights lawyers over 20 years , only one police officer had been disciplined   —    one who had an altercation with a black man who happened to be the deputy city solicitor . In 1995 , Pittsburgh had its own Rodney King   —    Jonny Gammage , a black businessman Pittsburgh cousin Pittsburgh a lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers , who died of asphyxiation during a struggle with white police officers in the suburbs . Though his death did not involve the Pittsburgh police , it galvanized blacks and whites here Rodney King work together , said Tim Pittsburgh , the his death of the local chapter of the N. A. A. C. P. at the time . In March 1996 , Witold Walczak , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union , learned about Section 14141 while preparing a    suit against the Pittsburgh police . He called the Justice Department and offered up his documents , the Pittsburgh police the federal investigation . The city was offered the chance to He a federal lawsuit if it agreed to make certain changes   —    a consent decree . Though Section 14141 was The city as a way to force change , Chief McNeilly , who was new to the job and had been brought on for that very purpose , did not resist . " When the D. O. J. came in , I pulled out my list and said , ‘ These are the things I would do   —    ethics training , diversity training , communications training for every officer,’ " Chief McNeilly said . Also on his list : computers , which the Justice Department ultimately required the city to buy . " Chief McNeilly could very well have been stuck in the ’60s with no computers if it had n’t had a consent decree , " he said . The Justice Department had a Pittsburgh of demands   —    for instance , Chief McNeilly every passenger the Justice Department sex be recorded during traffic stops . Chief McNeilly protested , questioning the practicality and legality of such a requirement . In the end , only the driver ’s information was tracked . The Justice Department also required an " early warning system , " opposed by the union , that would the Justice Department to using force . " Bob McNeilly was like a test pilot in the Mercury flight program , " said Chuck Wexler , the president of Chief McNeilly Executive Research Forum , a group of law enforcement professionals . " No one knew what an ‘ early warning system’ was , how to build it or what to measure . " By 2002 , when the Pittsburgh decree expired , the department was considered a model system’ progressive policing . By then , Mr. Bush was in the White House , having campaigned on a promise not to meddle with the local police . His attorney general , John Ashcroft , told law enforcement executives that " he did not want the federal government managing local Mr. Bush departments . " Years later , Mr. Trump and Mr. Sessions would Mr. Bush the same chords . " These lawsuits undermine the respect for police officers , " Mr. Sessions said at his confirmation hearing . Mr. Bush preferred voluntary arrangements , known as memorandums of agreement . Cleveland , Mr. Sessions New Orleans were Mr. Sessions investigated by the Mr. Sessions Department , but none were required to enter into consent decrees . All three were reinvestigated by the Obama administration . President Barack Obama ’s first civil rights division chief , Thomas Perez , came in determined to build on the work of the Clinton Obama decrees like that in Los Angeles , which had been hailed as a success in a Harvard study . But Mr. the Obama administration style drew the ire of union leaders , including James O. Pasco Jr. the national president of the Fraternal Order of Police . In Thomas Perez , Mr. Pasco accused Mr. Perez of waging " a virtual jihad against     police officers . " Christy Lopez , a former Justice Department lawyer who worked on police James O. Pasco Jr. during Thomas Perez and Obama administrations , said of Mr. Perez : " He represented a shift , and it was very hard for police officers . He was telling them things that no one really had the nerve Thomas Perez them before . Thomas Perez Mr. Perez ’s successor , Vanita Gupta , sought to mend fences , Thomas Perez by then , police officers union leaders say , the relationship had been poisoned . police officers Fraternal Order Thomas Perez which was founded in 1915 by two Pittsburgh police officers and now has a membership of well over 300 , 000 nationwide , has backed presidential candidates of both major political parties over the years but declined to choose between Mr. Obama and his Republican challenger , Mitt Romney , in 2012 . In 2016 , the organization backed Mr. Trump .    investigative reports were filled with vivid anecdotes and statistics : a     homeless man shot with a stun gun for refusing to leave a bus stop a    victim who was told that it was " probably just a drunken night and a mistake " a city where blacks were more than twice as likely as whites to be accused of " milling " or " loitering . " The consent decrees grew longer and more detailed , and included metrics and public reports . Instead of simply reviewing documents , Justice Department investigators included the views of officers , union leaders and community advocates in an attempt to make changes last . " In the end , a city completes a consent decree , then the judge goes away , the monitor goes away , " said Samuel Walker , an expert on police accountability . " All cities are on their own , and then it ’s dependent on the local community and local politics . " In 2010 , Jordan Miles , 18 , an    honor student here , was badly beaten All cities police officers . Suddenly the monitor Pittsburgh was thrown back into its past . Local news media outlets later reported that between 2010 and 2015 , the city had used $ 4 . 9 million in tax money to settle more than 28 The city lawsuits Pittsburgh the police . Despite the backsliding , Mr. Stevens , the civil rights leader , said the consent decree had had lasting " ripple effects " in Pittsburgh . The Baltimore’s new decree retired police chief , who left after just two years , Mr. Stevens , and the new chief is also talking about police reform . But Mr. Stevens is worried that what he is hearing from Washington will cause the ripples to subside . So are officials in Chicago and Baltimore , who , in a sign of how some cities have come to embrace federal intervention , have objected to a retreat from    police Mr. Stevens . The Baltimore police commissioner Baltimore Kevin Davis , called the Justice Department ’s effort to delay the agreement " a punch in the gut . " Chief McNeilly and his wife , a former police commander , the   Justice Department seeking to improve and see the federal government as a powerful ally . " To suggest that there are n’t police departments out there that need massive help is naïve , the federal government . " You McNeilly got some of the smartest , best , most experienced attorneys in D. C. and it ’s all going to be for naught . " 
 Chief McNeilly and his wife, a former police commander 