On Friday ’s " CNN Tonight , " Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein said " You have to be a total conspiracy theorist " to believe Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski did not assault Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields .   Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein said , " Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein says , and as Ben Terris , the Washington Post reporter who was there , who reported on the incident , Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein saw the incident in full view . Obviously , Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein was asking the question , when Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein got pulled from behind . Is that , Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein was asking a question to Donald Trump on affirmative action last Tuesday , and while Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein was doing so , Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein suddenly felt a big pull from behind , almost fell to the ground , did n’t quite fall . Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein felt a very hard hand clasp that bruised Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein arm . Afterwards , as you know Don , the Donald Trump campaign threw out a lot of excuses , first saying the Trump campaign never happened , then trying to do character assassination , saying that Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein ’s just attention seeking , then we heard from Katrina Pierson that it may have happened , but it certainly was n’t Corey Lewandowski , but if you follow the events today , all of this has been proven wrong . You have video showing it was Corey Lewandowski . we have audio . You have to be a total conspiracy theorist now to believe that this did not occur . The evidence has been born out . " Anchor Don Lemon added that CNN ’s video of the incident " appears to show Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski for Michelle Fields’ arm . " But " It ’s inconclusive to the naked eye . " Lemon Anchor Don Lemon explained , " [ Y]ou do n’t see directly , him Anchor Don Lemon her Anchor Don Lemon or to what extent , if there was a force of him Anchor Don Lemon her Anchor Don Lemon " And " There is no denying that that is Corey Lewandowski .    …      That is him Anchor Don Lemon the video . " Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 