Gabriel Sherman writes that Megyn Kelly may have " gone rogue " by meeting privately with Donald Trump   —    without Roger Ailes’ blessing . [ From New York Magazine :   On the morning of April 13 , Megyn Kelly slipped into Trump Tower for a meeting with Donald Donald Trump   The Fox News star was there to make peace and a pitch : She wanted The Fox News star to Donald Trump   his personal Donald Trump   on her and The Fox News star to appear on a Barbara Walters —   style special that Kelly Megyn Kelly hosting next month . She arranged The Fox News star private    herself . The Fox News star told The Fox News star that Donald Trump   even her boss The Fox News star Ailes knew she was The Fox News star , according to a source familiar with the meeting . After a reporter spotted her entering The Fox News star building , news of a possible détente in the    war boomeranged around the internet , and both CNN and MSNBC devoted breathless segments to the story . Fox executives , caught off guard by Kelly ’s clandestine outreach , released a statement suggesting this was all according to plan : Ailes had spoken to Trump " a few times over the past three months , " it noted Trump " implying that he had Fox her get Kelly meeting . Later that night , Kelly confirmed Kelly her show Kelly she and Kelly discussed Trump " possibility of an interview . She made Kelly mention of Ailes . " The meeting the meeting my request , " Kelly said Kelly If Kelly did Kelly go rogue on the Trump meeting the meeting a lot about Kelly did indeed go rogue on the Trump meeting relationship Kelly her employer Kelly —    and about her employer Kelly relationship with the GOP   . Ever since she tangled Kelly Trump in Trump " of the 24 million viewers watching the debut GOP debate last summer   the GOP      a performance that transformed her in Kelly eyes of many into a fearless interviewer and feminist symbol   —    Kelly has become Ailes ’s biggest star , and biggest management headache . Meanwhile , Trump ’s Trump " on Fox have badly damaged its credibility Trump " its core Trump " audience . ( A February poll reported that Fox ’s standing with Republicans Fox plummeted by 50 percent since the beginning of the year . ) Trump has Trump " in an      feud with the network since September , refusing to appear     with Kelly for eight months , so a    interview would undoubtedly draw big ratings . Presumably , Kelly went off on her Kelly because she wants Kelly claim credit Kelly the booking . " She did it to prove Kelly does n’t need Ailes Kelly make things happen for her , " a    Kelly said . Or perhaps she is taking a page Kelly Trump himself and operating as if her own brand were bigger Kelly Fox ’s .    …      Meanwhile , tensions at Fox are only getting worse Fox Two sources told me that a senior Fox executive instructed    talent Fox to defend Kelly against Trump ’s attacks . Read Trump himself of the story here . 
 