St. Clairsville , Ohio ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Tuesday once again used the word " rape " to describe the economic turmoil Donald Trump believes bad trade deals are inflicting on the U. S. " The    Partnership is another disaster done and pushed by special interests who want to rape our country     just a continuing rape of our country , " Donald Trump told a crowd of supporters in Ohio . Hours earlier , Donald Trump announced in an economic policy speech that as president Donald Trump would pull the U. S. out of the TPP , a massive free trade agreement between the U. the U. S. other countries . Donald Trump did not describe the deal as " rape " in Donald Trump prepared remarks , which Donald Trump read off teleprompters in a more subdued tone . Teleprompters cast aside as Donald Trump emerged before a crowd of several thousand supporters in Ohio , Trump used the word rape three times to describe the TPP , despite conceding that it is " a harsh word . " " That ’s what it is , too . It ’s a harsh it . It ’s a rape it our country , " the billionaire real estate mogul said . " This is done by wealthy people that want to take advantage of us and that want to sign another partnership . " Trump previously used the word early last month while stumping in Indiana just days before the state handed him Indiana victory that helped him clinch the Republican nomination him " We ca n’t continue to allow China to rape our country , and that China they ’re doing , " Trump said as he Trump the trade Trump between the U. S. and China .   Trump ’s repeated China Trump word " rape " to describe economic turmoil     and not sexual assault     comes as the billionaire has hinted at softening his rhetoric and positions on Trump of his most controversial proposals . Trump has begun to focus Trump banning individuals from still undefined terror states , instead of banning all foreign Muslims as he proposed in December . Trump the billionaire rejected characterizing his call to the billionaire Trump 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the U. S. as a " mass deportation . "   But asked Saturday during a gaggle with reporters whether he had been following the Trump rape case     which has reignited a national conversation around sexual assault on college campuses and criminal justice     Trump said he had not been . 
 Trump 