Cedar Rapids , Iowa ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s opponents did n’t have to use Hillary Clinton name in order to launch attacks against the Democratic frontrunner at Friday night ’s Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame dinner . The pluses and minuses of Hillary Clinton frontrunner status were on full display at the Fame dinner The    audience was largely dominated by Clinton Hillary Clinton , who hooped and hollered throughout her Hillary Clinton . But the fact that she Hillary Clinton every national and state poll was also the reason her Hillary Clinton honed all of their rhetorical her opponents against Clinton Hillary Clinton not the four other Democrats in attendance . Former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley was the most aggressive at targeting Clinton Hillary Clinton the first event of the presidential campaign to include all five Democratic candidates     O’Malley , Clinton Hillary Clinton former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb , former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders .   The former Former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley speech with subtle knocks Former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley positions Clinton Hillary Clinton taken and areas where the governor ’s team feels Former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley .   RELATED : Former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley Hillary Clinton nearly $ 8 million of TV time in Iowa , New Hampshire , " We did n’t just talk about it , we actually got it done , " We said , it himself Hillary Clinton the only candidate with 15 years of executive experience . The line , while biographical , is also meant to knock Clinton , who O’Malley ’s campaign believes is all talk but no action when it comes to progressives issues .   O’Malley also subtly knocked Clinton on minimum O’Malley , trade and energy . " I am the first candidate but I am not the last " to call for a 100 % clean electric grid by 2050 , he said , seemingly alluding to the O’Malley Clinton would not commit to climate change Clinton at an event Thursday in New Hampshire .   On trade , O’Malley hit the North American Free Trade O’Malley , a trade law that was approved under President Bill Clinton ’s administration but is deplored by unions .   " Many of you remember the return of NAFTA . It was nada , " he said .   Asked by CNN O’Malley whether the lines were directed at Clinton , O’Malley said , " No , they O’Malley directed at our country ’s future . "   He added later , " I ’m O’Malley my candidacy and I ’m highlighting the things that I ’ve ’m . And I hope each of the candidates will highlight the things that they have done . One of the the candidates that I have done is accomplish many of the progressive goals and values that the rest of the field is committed to , and I do n’t doubt their sincerity . .. but I actually the candidates the experience in having gotten that done . That ’s a distinguishing characteristic that I offer , but it ’s up to the people to That . "   Clinton , for her part , did not return the Clinton , instead choosing to use her 15 minutes to describe the reason Clinton was running , attack Republicans and Clinton the importance of building up the Democratic Party .   " We Democrats are in the future business . But from the Republican candidates for president , we see the opposite , " Clinton said . " Now they may have some fresh faces , but they are the party of the past they "   RELATED : Clinton confronted by climate change protests at Clinton hall , Clinton even reached back to Republicans of Clinton past , calling " " economics " one of the worst ideas of the 1980s , " one that is " right up there with New Coke , shoulder pads and big hair . "   " I lived through it , " she said , " and there are Clinton , and we are not going back to that . "   Clinton also looked to sum the entire Clinton Republican field into one candidate : Donald Trump , the businessman whose bombastic statements about Mexicans have revolted most Democrats and many Republicans . Calling him the " new Republican frontrunner " Clinton a nod to his standing in the polls     Clinton Clinton she was happy there is Clinton finally Clinton candidate whose hair gets more attention than mine . "   Her only mention of her Democratic opponents Clinton at the top Clinton her speech when she said she was Clinton to be Clinton with Clinton my fellow candidates . "   That was true for all candidates except for Webb , who notably complimented Sanders multiple times in his speech . " Bernie , you Sanders me up , " Webb said of the blunt independent senator . Webb : Where Bernie Sanders is king , Webb told CNN Sanders speech that there Webb " no real her speech to heralding Sanders . " I think Bernie Sanders raises a lot Sanders good issues to be Sanders " he said . " I would n’t necessarily agree with all Sanders his solutions . " Webb noted in his speech that if Sanders were Webb , he Webb " never urged Webb invasion of Iraq Webb " Clinton in 2002 voted to authorize military action in Iraq , a decision that hurt her mightily in her failed 2008 Iraq bid . Webb also said Clinton would n’t Clinton used " military Webb in Libya Webb what was called the ’Arab Spring . ’ " Clinton advocated military force in Libya while she was secretary of state Clinton But O’Malley and Webb Libya not Clinton only Democrats to knock Clinton . Webb into the event , Clinton ’s aides anticipated that Clinton candidate would draw much of the Clinton After the speech , Clinton’s aides said that they were surprised O’Malley did n’t hit Clinton harder .   And other Democrats knocked the frontrunner without naming her Clinton   Sanders , the candidate surging in the polls both nationally and in Iowa , did not attack Clinton . Around 200 supporters at 20 tables backed Sanders , who delivered Clinton stump speech that promised universal health care ,    college and a breakup of the big banks . Chafee opened the event , but only spoke for six minutes , less than half the 15 minutes allotted to each candidate . He used his speech to introduce himself to the audience and outline his Chafee on Chafee , war and Chafee the minimum wage .   Chafee received a polite response , but nowhere near the excitement generated by Chafee , O’Malley and Sanders . The sheer fact that all Democrats were at Friday night ’s event was notable . Republicans have had cattle calls     events that bring a high number of candidates     nearly every week , but this was the first of the Democratic nomination fight . 
 