Veteran Democratic pollster Pat Caddell brought up Mitt Romney ’s infamous " 47 percent " gaffe to point out the hypocrisy of the failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee ’s declaration that Donald Trump ’s recent Sunday show gaffe disqualified Donald Trump for the presidency . [ In an interview this morning with Breitbart News Daily host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , Caddell flashed back to Romney ’s infamous " 47 percent " gaffe while discussing Donald Trump response to questions from CNN ’s Jake Tapper about an endorsement from KKK figure David Duke .   Trump Donald Trump answer sparked a media firestorm from his critics Donald Trump despite his multiple Donald Trump of the KKK figure . The GOP frontrunner later claimed that he was Donald Trump a " very bad earpiece " and could not clearly hear Tapper ’s CNN’s Jake Tapper Romney took Donald Trump Twitter to blast Trump ’s Donald Trump to Tapper , calling CNN’s Jake Tapper " disqualifying   disgusting . " A disqualifying   disgusting response by @realDonaldTrump to the KKK . His coddling Donald Trump repugnant bigotry is not in the character of America .   —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Caddell reminded Breitbart News Daily listeners of Romney ’s own past with a gaffe that fatally crippled his 2012 campaign Romney " After what Romney said about Romney 47 percent in this country , " Caddell mused , Caddell he ’s going Caddell accuse Donald Trump of being disqualified ? " Romney ’s infamous Romney from a leaked video showing the 2012 GOP nominee speaking to a private gather of his campaign donors , Romney he said , in Romney : " There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the President no matter Romney Alright , there are 47 percent who are with him , who are dependent Romney government , who believe that they are victims , who believe government has the responsibility to care for them , who believe they they entitled to healthcare they to food , to housing . " Commenting on Trump ’s interview with Tapper , Caddell said , " I look at that tape over again , and I see it and I go : There ’s a tired guy and he says he has a a tired guy earpiece a tired guy he ’s doing six interviews a tired guy to back   —    which is why you should n’t do the Sunday shows because none of the people watching them are going to be the Sunday shows you , and you ’re just going to be prosecuted on most of them . " Caddell explained the Sunday shows the GOP Caddell is on the attack now because they are finally awake to the Sunday shows threat of the populist movement taking hold of the GOP primary race . Listen to Caddell ’s full interview below Caddell Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 