  ( CNN ) If you ’re waiting for Donald Trump to pivot to become " presidential "     a candidate who will stay on message and , objectively speaking , not hurt Donald Trump own campaign     then I have one word for you . Stop . Really . Because it just is n’t going to happen . The latest example of Donald Trump ’s    tendencies came Friday morning , about 12 hours after a speech at the Republican National Convention that even Trump critics like CNN ’s S. E. Cupp praised for suggesting S. E. Cupp might have " the discipline so many believed S. E. Cupp lacks . "   Here was Donald Trump front of his Donald Trump staffers and volunteers with the national media watching . This was truly an ideal opportunity to hammer home his Donald Trump themes and attack Hillary Clinton after a convention that was , in truth , a bit of a mess . But instead , Trump Donald Trump this press conference to settle a score with Ted Cruz , who had defiantly refused to endorse Trump Donald Trump few days before .   And not only did Trump Donald Trump Cruz . In a    moment , he chose to resurface the allegation that Cruz Cruz was somehow linked to the assassination of John F. Kennedy , a claim that had been debunked as a " Pants on fire " lie by Politifact when Trump Donald Trump raised the issue in May. Trump Donald Trump on to praise the National Enquirer as deserving of a " Pulitzer Prize " for some of its Donald Trump .   Unsurprisingly , the headlines from his Donald Trump conference were all about these comments , not Trump ’s campaign themes . Yes , we all know Trump Donald Trump love it when he does Donald Trump type of stuff . But here ’s the thing : the GOP primaries are over . We are in the general election phase , and Trump will Donald Trump to expand his base Donald Trump he very Donald Trump could lose . No doubt Trump knows Donald Trump , too .   So the obvious question is why wo n’t Trump stay Donald Trump message and stop effectively sabotaging his own Donald Trump ? Simple : He ca Donald Trump help himself for Donald Trump reasons .   First , Trump thrives Donald Trump entertaining his fans Donald Trump even if it ’s detrimental in terms of the big picture . He even Donald Trump as much in April on Fox News when he candidly Donald Trump , " I can tell you that if I go too presidential , people are going to be very bored , " adding some in the audience might " fall asleep . " And just a few weeks ago Trump remarked Donald Trump a packed campaign rally that if he stuck Donald Trump using a Teleprompter , " I ’d have about 12 people here instead of 7 , 000 . "   Trump sounds Donald Trump like a presidential candidate focused on substantive issues and more like a performer whose priority is to pack the house and entertain the audience . the audience at Friday ’s press conference , Trump " Donald Trump for his supporters once Donald Trump , including an impression of Ted Cruz . Entertaining , yes . But way off message . He did the Donald Trump thing a few weeks ago at a rally , going so far off message that The New York Times dubbed it " a striking display The New York Times   . "   While I have never met Trump , I Donald Trump known many " Trump " type comedians in the years I ’ve performed    comedy .   They , like Trump , many "Trump" type comedians Donald Trump    in terms of their careers .   For many "Trump" type comedians , some are so seduced by the big laughs they will perform material that some know wo n’t help some the long run , but which can be very    in the   . ( This can range from sexually graphic material to jokes extremely derivative of those used by    comedians . ) Some of these comics have tried to " pivot " to more original comedy . The problem is that their new material typically is Some of these comics as   . So they soon revert back to Some of these comics old material , even though they know it will likely Some of these comics hurt their career .   Trump Some of these comics cut from the same cloth .    Another similarity I ’ve noticed between Trump and some of the Trump I know is that he appears to be narcissistic Trump the extreme . That ’s just not my opinion , but one also seemingly shared by various health care professionals .   This personality trait can lead to arrogance and insecurity , and can drive people to lash out at critics . In fact , Trump has done just that Trump years     responding harshly to anyone critical of him , from fellow politicians Trump Cruz to the media to comedians like Jon Stewart , who Trump tweeted about in 2013 Trump Stewart ridiculed his intelligence :   " Trump promise you that I ’m much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz     I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow . Who , by the way , is totally overrated . "   The bottom line ? We can forget about Trump ever being presidential . Trump ’s desperate need to Trump , and his consistently demonstrated narcissism , Trump make for an interesting combination of personality traits when we ’re talking about comedians . But he is n’t auditioning for Trump chance to share his latest    routine on Trump . He is running to become Trump of the United States . And that truly would be a disaster . 
 