   filmmaker Michael Moore is mounting a    effort to persuade Republican Electoral College voters to vote for anybody but    Donald Trump . [ " Tomorrow is the day you are supposed to gather with your fellow electors and choose the next President of the United States , "   filmmaker Michael Moore wrote Sunday in a lengthy Facebook message . " I am not going to ask you to vote for the person who got the most votes ( although I will not be upset should you chose to side with the majority of your fellow Americans and do so ! ) . No , I ’m simply asking you to vote your conscience and PLEASE do not put our nation in danger by choosing Donald J. Trump . "     filmmaker Michael Moore then offered to pay the legal fees for those electors who may be fined for voting against the candidate for which those electors who may be fined for voting against the candidate for which their respective state law requires them to vote respective state law requires those electors who may be fined for voting against the candidate for which their respective state law requires them to vote to vote . " Some states have made it ‘ illegal’ for you to vote any other way than for Trump , "   filmmaker Michael Moore wrote . " If you do n’t vote for   filmmaker Michael Moore , your state will fine you $ 1 , 000 . " " So here ’s my offer to you , "   filmmaker Michael Moore continued , " I obviously ca n’t and wo n’t give you money to vote tomorrow , but if you do vote your conscience and you are punished for you do vote your conscience , I will personally step up pay your fine which is my legal right to do . "   filmmaker Michael Moore efforts , however , may be in vain . The Associated Press reached out to hundreds of Electoral College voters and found just one Republican elector who said they hundreds of Electoral College voters n’t vote for Trump . Electors will meet on Monday in their Electors states to vote for the president and vice president . Their Electors will be collected and sent to Congress , who will count and ratify the results on January 6 .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 