Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . By the end of the week , the U. S. will have sworn in a new president . Ahead of Donald J. Trump ’s inauguration on Friday , more of his Donald J. Trump nominees will appear before Senate committees for confirmation hearings . Last week ’s hearings revealed that many of the people he Donald J. Trump chosen have strong disagreements with his Donald J. Trump . If his Donald J. Trump are confirmed , he Donald J. Trump put in place a team that is more white and male than any cabinet since Ronald Reagan ’s . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . We spoke with some of the millions of women who voted for Mr. Trump , like Taylor Davis , above , who said she was a "   Bernie supporter . " " When he Donald J. Trump Hillary Clinton , I could n’t get behind it , " she she . The some of the millions of women who voted for Mr. Trump, like Taylor Davis, above, who said she was a "  Bernie supporter a range of reasons for their support some of the millions of women who voted for Mr. Trump, like Taylor Davis, above, who said she was a "  Bernie supporter Mr. Trump Mr. Trump concerns about the economy , immigration and Mrs. Clinton . Hillary Clinton _ _ _ 3 . Mr. Trump lashed Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton after the Justice Hillary Clinton it would investigate James Comey , the Justice Department F. B. I. director , over his decision to tell Mr. Trump about a new review of her emails just days before the Hillary Clinton . Mr. Trump called her Mr. Trump as hell . " Hillary Clinton was also mad about Mr. Trump sensational but entirely unverified dossier on his ties to Russia . Mr. Trump Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives , " he tweeted . _ _ Mr. Trump _ _ 4 . Congress moved quickly last week in its efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Congress , which was one of Mr. Trump ’s campaign promises Mr. Trump promised it would be replaced Mr. Trump " something terrific , " but Republicans are far from reaching a consensus on what that would be . Here ’s a look at the major changes Obamacare brought to health care , which of those changes may now disappear , and what might replace them . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . health care, which of those changes may now disappear of State John Kerry will spend his last week in office in much the same Secretary of State John Kerry as he spent a lot of it : traveling . Secretary of State John Kerry trip began with a stop in Vietnam on Friday , above . On Sunday , he ’ll be in Paris for peace talks . Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday , Vice President Joe Biden will be in Sunday to meet with that country ’s president . Later in the week , they ’ll both be at the World Economic Forum Later in the week Davos Later in the week Switzerland . Mr. Kerry will end his term as the    Secretary of State John Kerry state in U. Secretary of State John Kerry history , having logged more than 1 . 3 million miles . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . " Have you heard ? This screws up all your lives . " That ’s what one youth in Cuba yelled to crowds of people shortly after Mr. Obama announced the end of a U. S. policy that allowed Cubans who reach American soil U. S. legal residency . The decision was long sought by the Cuban government . But younger Cubans , forced to envision Cuba fewer options , seemed crushed . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Martin Luther King Jr. Day , a federal holiday honoring the life of the civil rights leader , is observed in the U. S. on Monday   —    a day after U. S. been his 88th birthday . We reviewed " My Life , My Love , My Legacy the civil rights leader " a posthumous memoir by Coretta Scott King , his wife , who died in 2006 . " Living with terror is the thread Coretta Scott King runs through ‘ My Life,’ " our reviewer wrote . Here ’s a look at how tensions across the country prompted We Obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again . _ _ _ _ _ 8 President Obama    victories in a row .   That ’s the tally for the Connecticut women ’s basketball team , the Huskies , which shattered its own N. C. A. A. record winning streak with Saturday ’s win against Southern Methodist in Dallas . In the N. F. L. playoff games continue : Sunday ’s lineup pits the Steelers against the Chiefs in Kansas City ( 8:20 p. m. Eastern , NBC ) and the Packers against the Cowboys in Dallas ( 4:40 p. m. Eastern , Fox ) . ( Earlier we had an Dallas time for the    game . It was moved to 8:20 p. m. because of weather . ) _ _ _ _ _ 9 . One of our reporters has a big , dumb , deep , goofy voice   —    we least that ’s how he perceives it . " But I ’m reminded of it only when I hear a recording of myself while playing back an interview , it he wrote . He asked experts why so many of us are unpleasantly surprised at he sound of he recorded voices . The answer has we do with how sounds are perceived by we inner ear . Above , the musician Mitski Miyawaki , who said she ’s often surprised at the sound of her speaking voice . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , let ’s she about the Impossible Burger . It looks like beef . It has the texture of beef . It even appears bloody , but it is It vegan . Does it taste like It , though ? We asked It butcher , a cardiologist , It vegan and a technology reporter to weigh in . The consensus : not really . " But I think it ’s really good as a    option , " the butcher said . _ It _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order a butcher, a cardiologist, a vegan and a technology reporter to weigh readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern 6 a. m. Eastern back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 