  ( CNN ) China ’s foreign ministry said Saturday China’s foreign ministry has lodged a complaint with the United States over a controversial phone call between    Donald Trump and Taiwan ’s President that has overturned decades of diplomatic protocol . China views Taiwan as a renegade province and , since 1979 , the United States has acknowledged Beijing ’s claim that Taiwan Taiwan part of China , with    relations governed by a set of protocols known as the " one China " policy .   This means there are no formal diplomatic relations between the United States and Taiwan Taiwan so Trump ’s decision to take Taiwanese President Tsai   ’s call could risk a major upset . " We have noticed relevant reports and lodged solemn representation with the relevant side in the the United States " said a statement Saturday from China ’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang . " I must point out that there is only one China in the China and Taiwan is an inseparable part of the Chinese territory . .. The ’one China’ principle is the political foundation of    relations . " We urge the relevant side in the US to adhere to the ’one China’ policy , abide by the pledges in the three joint    communiques , and handle issues related to Taiwan carefully and properly to avoid causing unnecessary interference to the overall   . S. relationship . " Earlier Saturday , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi labeled the phone call " a shenanigan by the Taiwan side " when he was asked Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi it on the sidelines of a foreign policy seminar . " The ’one China’ policy is the cornerstone of a healthy   . S. relationship . I hope this political foundation wo n’t be disrupted or damaged , " he said . Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi Former US envoy : Trump ’winging it’ with Taiwan call , First time in decades , Trump ’s transition team said Friday that the    had chatted with Tsai , who passed along her congratulations . " During the discussion , they noted the the   had chatted with Tsai, who passed along her congratulations economic , political , and security ties ( existing ) between Taiwan and the Taiwan States .    Trump also congratulated Trump Tsai on becoming President of Taiwan earlier this Taiwan . " The chat marks the first publicly reported call between a US President or    and the leader of Taiwan since Washington Taiwan diplomatic relations with Beijing in 1979 , said Bonnie Glaser , a China expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .   It is perhaps the first major sign of the unpredictability that Trump has vowed to bring to    US relations with the rest of the world . The call , first reported by the Financial Times , risks throwing    relations into a tailspin before Trump takes the Trump of office January 20 .   And it has prompted questions over whether Trump intends a Trump in US policy , or if this was a blunder by a team with limited experience of international affairs . Trump emphasized Friday Trump that Taipei initiated the call .   " The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency . Thank you ! " tweeted the   .   He soon followed Trump by tweeting , " Interesting how the U. S. sells Taiwan billions of Taiwan of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . " Taiwan ’s President Taiwan a statement Friday night about the phone call on an official website , which she described as an " intimate and relaxed conversation " lasting 10 minutes .   The two also shared their views on important policy points , the statement said a statement Friday night about the phone call on an official website, which she described as an "intimate and relaxed conversation" lasting 10 minutes to a translation , " in particular , to promote the domestic economy and strengthen national defense , allowing the people better lives and a guarantee of security . The two briefly exchanged opinions on the situation in the Asia region . " According to Taiwan ’s Presidential spokesman Alex Huang , Huang told CNN via Taiwan’s Presidential spokesman Alex Huang message that both sides agreed ahead of time before making contact , but would not give any further details including exactly when they agreed to the both sides .   Global Headaches : The 10 biggest issues facing Donald Trump , Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager , told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper CNN " AC360 " that she would n’t go Anderson Cooper what the transition team statement said . But the    was fully aware of the call ’s implications the call . " He either Kellyanne Conway disclose or not Kellyanne Conway the full contents of that conversation but he ’s well aware of what Kellyanne Conway policy has been , " Conway said . The Trump Organization Kellyanne Conway also denying reports that it is considering building luxury hotels The Trump Organization the Taiwanese city of Taoyuan after the city ’s mayor was quoted the Taiwanese city of Taoyuan as saying a representative did visit .   The mayor Cheng    told local media the Trump representative did visit in September a representative was interested in developing there .   Trump have been no authorized visits to Taiwan on behalf of Trump Hotels for the purposes of development nor are there any active conversations . Trump Organization is not planning any expansion into Taiwan , " a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization Saturday Taiwan CNN . The spokeswoman , Trump Organization to be identified by name , added that the Trump Organization employee who was there was not part of the Trump Organization was not there for those reasons but for sales purposes for existing Trump hotels . ’No change’ By Friday night , China had already reached out to the Obama administration . White House officials declined to comment on diplomatic discussions .   Ned Price , a spokesman for the US National Security Council , said " there is no change to our longstanding policy on    issues . " Insults fly when Trump , Clinton China meet , " We remain firmly committed to our ’one China’ policy based on the three Joint Communiques and the Taiwan Relations Act , " he said . " Our fundamental interest is in peaceful and stable    relations Clinton " A different Obama administration official said there was no contact with either the White House or State Department about the call beforehand .   Meanwhile , former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger met with China ’s President Xi Jinping Friday , China ’s    news agency Xinhua reported .   Kissinger     secretary of state China       is credited with secret diplomacy that helped former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger up Communist China to America and the West . During their Beijing meeting , Kissinger told China China he believes it is the expectation of the U. S. former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger administration to facilitate sustained former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger stable and better growth of U. S.   relations , " Xinhua reported . ’Major pivots’ The United States acknowledged China ’s claim that there is one China and that Taiwan is part of China in a joint communique signed in 1979 at China time of the formal establishment of China between Washington and Beijing . Chris Murphy , a Connecticut Democrat who sits on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , publicly Murphy will soon be Trump ’s right to shift policy , alliances and strategy , Murphy said , " Trump has happened in the last 48 hours is not a shift . These Trump major pivots in foreign policy    any plan . That ’s how wars start . " He added that " if they are n’t pivots    just radical temporary deviations    allies will walk if they have no clue what we stand for . Just Murphy bad . " Donald Trump ’s dramatic search for a secretary of state , CORRECTION : An earlier allies of this story misstated that Trump transition adviser Stephen Yates was in Taiwan and was involved in facilitating the call . 
 