Carson addressed a packed town hall meeting in suburban Las Vegas on Tuesday morning , just hours before Republican voters headed to the caucuses . [ Warning that the country ’s political system was being controlled by the political class , Carson urged Americans to use their votes to stop the decline of the Americans .   " Having a political class who feels entitled to our    money   —    and they just waste it   —    makes absolutely no sense . " In the     session , Carson took aim at the left and the Carson state . " Where in the Constitution does it say to eliminate poverty    …      Where in the Constitution how did that work out ? " Carson is currently polling in fourth or fifth Carson in the state , trading places in different polls the welfare state Gov. John Kasich . He remains far behind frontrunner Donald Trump , and Ohio Gov. John Kasich well behind Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place . His exit from the race has been anticipated ever Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place the Cruz campaign erroneously suggested he would be dropping out after the Iowa caucuses Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place based on CNN reports that he was heading home before resuming his campaign . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place , while Rubio left Nevada the Cruz campaign morning rally in Las Vegas , and Kasich avoided the state entirely over the past few days , Carson Nevada hard in both rural and urban Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place in recent days , particularly in the Reno area . He was joined in Summerlin by his wife , Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place , who made a brief Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place onstage . Carson focused much of his time on policy questions Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place constitutional issues , Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place positively about an Article V convention to amend the Constitution , an idea that has been championed by radio host Mark Levin . The enthusiastic crowd in Summerlin responded warmly to Carson ’s careful , patient speaking style Summerlin " Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place I ’m here is because you ’ve been projecting not a love of power , but a love of humanity , " one woman said during the     session . A young former supporter of Sen. Rand Paul ( ) who dropped out of the race several weeks ago , and now identified himself as an undecided voter , asked Carson to make a pitch A young former supporter of Sen. Rand Paul ( ) who dropped out of the race several weeks ago his support . Carson Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place that the young man should vote for A young former supporter of Sen. Rand Paul ( ) who dropped out of the race several weeks ago Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) who are locked in a bitter fight for second place so that you can have a part of the American A young former supporter of Sen. Rand Paul ( ) who dropped out of the race several weeks ago , so that it wo n’t be gone by the time you get older . " " If I get elected , We , the People , are going to control the government , " he concluded . Adelle Nazarian contributed to this report . 
 A young former supporter of Sen. Rand Paul ( ) who dropped out of the race several weeks ago 