WARNING : This story contains graphic language . ( CNN )   —    It took an audio recording of Donald Trump bragging about trying to have sex with a married woman and saying Donald Trump could " do anything " to women     including grabbing women     " by the pussy "     for Republicans to begin withdrawing Republicans support of Republicans party ’s nominee . It was the final straw for the flurry of Republicans who began recanting Republicans endorsements and calling on their party’s nominee to drop out on Saturday , but it was also just the latest in a string of outrageous , controversial and inflammatory comments Trump has made over the course of his nearly Trump campaign . Here are 17 things Trump has Trump that did n’t cause Republicans to reject their party Republicans nominee or stop them from their party Trump in Trump first place . 1 . He called Trump banning all Muslims , Trump last Trump called for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States , " a proposal that would effectively bar about 1 . 6 billion people from entering the United the United States sole basis of their religion . The 6 billion people from entering the United States on the sole basis of their religion was just a proposal that would effectively bar about 1 a slew of Islamophobic comments Trump has Trump throughout his campaign Trump including declaring in March that he believes Trump Islam hates us . " Trump never Trump his calls Trump a blanket ban of all Muslims , though he has Trump said he wants Trump ban immigration from " terror states . " 2 . He questioned Trump federal judge ’s impartiality because he was Trump Mexican’ Trump Trump Judge Gonzalo Curiel , a    federal judge overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University , was inherently biased against him because of Trump Mexican heritage Trump " We are building a wall . Judge Gonzalo Curiel, a   federal judge overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University, was inherently biased against him because of his Mexican heritage ’s a Trump , " Trump said in Trump June interview with CNN ’s Jake Tapper . While Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan condemned Trump ’s remarks Trump " the textbook definition of racism , " neither Ryan nor any other Republican withdrew Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsement at the time . Ryan nor any other Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois announced after those comments that he would not support Trump . Only Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois Trump He feuded with the family of Only Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois slain US soldier , Trump lashed out Trump the Gold Star parents of a slain Muslim US soldier who died in Iraq after they sharply criticized him at the the Gold Star parents of a slain Muslim US soldier who died in Iraq National Convention Only Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois He said Humayun Khan ’s mother Only Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois not speak during the speech because she was not " allowed " Humayun Khan’s mother said the father had Trump right " to criticize him . Trump ’s escalation of Trump Only Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois prompted Sen. Susan Collins of Maine to announce that she could not support Trump . No Humayun Khan’s mother Trump had previously endorsed Trump withdrew their support Trump 4 . He did No Republicans who had previously endorsed Trump deny calling a former No Republicans who had previously endorsed Trump Universe " Miss Piggy " after she gained weight , After Hillary Clinton Humayun Khan’s mother former Miss Universe Alicia Machado ’s allegations that Trump had called her Trump Miss Piggy " and " Humayun Khan’s mother Housekeeping " back in the 1990s , Trump did n’t deny Trump allegations . Instead , he said this : Trump She gained a massive Trump of weight , and it was a real problem . " 5 . He called undocumented Mexican Trump criminals and " rapists " Trump kicked off his Trump amid controversy Trump labeling undocumented Mexican immigrants broadly as criminals and " rapists . "   " When Mexico sends its people , they ’re not sending Mexico best , its people Trump said . its people Trump ’re sending people that have lots its people problems , and they ’re bringing those problems with us its people They ’re problems . They ’re its people crime . They ’re its people . And some , its people assume , are good people . " 6 . He denigrated prisoners of war     and never apologized , " He ’s not a war hero , " He said in July 2015 about Sen. John McCain , who was imprisoned and tortured for more than five years in a North Vietnamese prison . " He was a war hero because he was He . I like people that He n’t captured , " Trump continued . McCain announced his support for Trump after he clinched the McCain nomination and Trump    McCain on Saturday amid the uproar over the McCain audio . 7 . He appeared to mock a disabled reporter , McCain pressed forward with his pattern of mocking Trump who displeased him McCain he went after Serge Kovaleski , McCain New McCain Times reporter who has a physical disability . " Now the poor guy , you ’ve got to see this guy : ’Uhh , I do n’t the poor guy I said . I do n’t remember,’ " Trump said in November , flailing his arms Trump a manner similar to how Trump ’s arms look due to his disability . Trump was prompted by challenges Trump his repeated Trump and debunked ) claim that Trump saw " thousands " of Muslims celebrating Trump Jersey City , N. J. as the World Trade Center towers burned and fell during the    terror attack . 8 . He called on Russia to hack Hillary Clinton Trump Trump appeared to urge Russian intelligence agencies to Trump and release the 33 , 000 emails Clinton deleted from her private email server . " Hillary Clinton , if Hillary Clinton ’re listening , I hope Russia ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing . the 33, 000 emails Clinton deleted from her private email server by our press , " Trump said in July . Trump ’s statement Trump a startling call from Trump nominee to urge a foreign adversary to interfere in the US elections . 9 . He condoned violence against protesters at his rallies , Trump a Black Lives Matter protester Trump shoved , tackled , punched and kicked when he disrupted a Trump rally last fall , the Trump nominee offered Trump response : " Maybe he should have been roughed up because it a presidential nominee what he was doing , " Trump said reacting to Trump incident . Trump has Trump said in February of a protester Trump he would " like to punch him in the Trump " and fondly recalled the Trump old days " when protesters would be " carried out on stretchers . " And during another February rally , he urged his supporters : " If you see Trump getting Trump to throw a tomato , knock the crap out of them , would you ? " 10 . He said women should be punished for getting abortions Trump " his supporters has to be some form of punishment , " Trump said in March when asked if women should be punished for getting abortions should the practice be outlawed . He later walked back his remark , saying only Trump doctors who perform Trump service should be punished if abortions were outlawed . 11 . He called a GOP primary rival too ugly to Trump elected president , " Look at that face ! " Trump cried out as his primary rival Carly Fiorina appeared on TV as Trump sat for an interview with Trump Stone magazine last a GOP primary rival vote for that ? Trump you imagine that , the face of our next president ? " Trump continued . 12 . He attacked Ted Cruz ’s family , Trump repeatedly crossed the line most politicians Trump not dare to cross Trump attacking the family of his chief Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz , during the GOP primary . He threatened to " spill the Trump " about Cruz ’s wife     whom he later retweeted an unflattering Trump of alongside a glamor shot of Trump ’s own wife . Trump Ted Cruz’s Trump Cruz ’s father     with no evidence     of being involved in President John F. Kennedy ’s assassination . Trump Trump Cruz Cruz’s pussy " on stage at a rally before the New Hampshire primary . 13 . He said " Second Trump Ted Cruz’s " could deal with Hillary Clinton , " Hillary wants to abolish     essentially abolish the Second Amendment . Trump the way , if she gets to pick , if she gets to pick her judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people Hillary Clinton maybe there is , I Hillary Clinton n’t know , Hillary Clinton Trump said in August . The comments were interpreted by many as a threat of violence against Clinton and prompted the Secret Service to issue a statement that they were " aware " of Trump ’s comments . Trump also called in Hillary Clinton for Clinton ’s Secret Service detail to " disarm . " " Let ’s see what Trump to her , Trump he said . " It Hillary Clinton be the Secret Service . " 14 . He suggested more countries should get nuclear weapons to Hillary Clinton themselves , Trump North Korea has nukes . Japan has a problem with that . Trump mean , they have a big problem with that . more countries they would in fact be better off if they defend themselves from North Korea , " Trump Japan in an April interview with Fox News’ Chris Japan . " With nukes ? " Wallace Japan Trump Japan Yes North Korea with nukes , " Trump said . 15 . He set conditions for defending NATO allies , Trump cast doubt Chris Wallace a July interview with The New York Times Trump to whether , as Trump , Trump would defend some top US military allies in the event of an attack . Trump said that he would defend NATO allies that have Trump fulfilled their obligations to us , " but Trump not answer Trump asked if he would defend those that he believes have NATO . 16 . He refused to immediately reject the support Trump David Duke and white Trump , " I do n’t know Trump about David Duke . OK ? I do n’t know anything about what you ’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists , " Trump told David Duke asked about the former Ku CNN’s Jake Tapper Klan leader ’s support . He would later disavow Trump ’s support . 17 . He repeatedly made denigrating comments about women , Trump ’s 2005 conversation about groping and trying to Trump the former Ku Klu Klan leader’s a married woman David Duke the first time such lewd the former Ku Klu Klan leader’s has surfaced since Trump has been a candidate for president . In his numerous appearances on " The Howard Stern Show , " Trump frequently engaged in vulgar and objectifying conversations about women , including ranking women on a scale of 1 the former Ku Klu Klan leader’s Trump and discussing everything from oral sex to an anal sex and whether he could get an erection for certain famous women . And during the presidential race , after suggesting Megyn Kelly asked him tough questions because she was on her period the former Ku Klu Klan leader’s Trump accused Kelly of being a " bimbo . " 
 Trump the former Ku Klu Klan leader’s Megyn Kelly Megyn Kelly 