Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama reaffirmed President Barack Obama counterterrorism strategy in President Barack Obama final national security speech Tuesday , issuing a tacit warning to President Barack Obama successor that reversing course could result in dire consequences . Cautioning against using torture to obtain information and making another pitch for closing the naval prison at Guantanamo Bay , President Barack Obama argued against the very promises Donald Trump made during Donald Trump run for president . President Barack Obama warned that returning to those practices would ultimately damage US national security . " Adhering to the rule of law is not a weakness in the long term , the rule of law is our greatest strength , " President Barack Obama said during an address at MacDill Air Force Base , the Florida headquarters of US Central Command and Special Operations Command . " The whole objective of these terrorists is to scare us into changing the nature of who us are and our democracy . And the fact is , people and nations do not make good decisions when people and nations are driven by fear . " Defending his ban on torture , Obama said , " At no time has anybody told me it cost us good intelligence . " And he called the Guantanamo Bay prison a " blot on our national honor . " During the presidential campaign , Trump argued for a more aggressive approach to combating terrorism , including reintroducing torture techniques such as waterboarding for interrogations , and banning Muslims from entering the US . Trump ’s also said Trump would resume placing suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay . White House officials said Obama ’s speech Tuesday was planned ahead of Trump ’s win in November ’s election and was not meant as a message for Trump Trump’s But the President ’s remarks Tuesday Tuesday a clear counterpoint to Trump Trump’s security rhetoric . He pushed the President’s against pressure to label certain terrorists as " radical Islamist , " saying that risks stigmatizing " good , patriotic Muslims . " " That just feeds the terrorists’ narrative and fuels the same false grievances that they use to motivate people to kill , " he said the President’s And he called the President’s to scrap his diplomatic the President’s , including the Iran nuclear deal , a win for the enemy . " Terrorists would love to see us walk away from the type of work that builds international coalitions and ends conflicts and stops the spread of deadly weapons , " Obama said . " It would make life easier for them . Terrorists would be a tragic mistake for us . " The speech was billed by the White House as a    of Obama ’s Obama security priorities over his eight Obama in office . That tenure has included successes like the end to    troop deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan and the killing of Osama bin Laden , but also new challenges like the rise of ISIS and its threats ISIS Europe and the US homeland . Sources : Trump transition team requested security clearance for Flynn Jr. The President acknowledged that the danger of terrorism is a    one , saying " the threat will endure " and needs a sustainable plan of attack . " We have to pursue a smart strategy , " he said The President But he also The President that the war against terrorism would n’t have a satisfying ending , at least in the model of more traditional combat missions . " We will the war against terrorism wouldn’t have a satisfying ending, at least in the model of more traditional combat missions achieve the kind of clearly defined victory comparable to those that we won the war against terrorism wouldn’t have a satisfying ending, at least in the model of more traditional combat missions previous wars against nations , " Obama said .   As part of his visit The President the Tampa military installation Tuesday , Obama met Obama Special Operations troops , the elite forces who have carried out some of the more significant missions of his tenure The President He argued The President an approach that has relied heavily on those special operators to carry out surgical missions to take out terrorists , as well as train local forces to combat ISIS . He also The President addressed the use of drones to take out terrorists , a program that ’s drawn legal scrutiny and outrage in countries that have been targeted . He said The President should weigh alternatives like airstrikes , which he said The President more likely to cause civilian or US military deaths . Obama spoke the same day Trump officially announced retired Gen. James Matthis as his pick retired Gen. James Matthis lead the Pentagon , and as speculation ramps up about the   ’s selection for secretary of state .   In his remarks retired Gen. James Matthis Obama offered Obama guiding principle for the incoming administration . " I always remind myself that retired Gen. James Matthis as commander in chief , I must protect our people , but I also swore an oath to defend our constitution our And over these last eight years we ’ve our that staying true to our traditions as a nation of laws advances our security our well as our values , " he said . 
 