’   ’ ’    The   is now officially in effect . ’ ’    The ban , which was announced on Tuesday , forbids passengers from    bringing any electronic devices larger than a cell phone into the    cabin of certain flights to the US . ’ "    Airlines were sent scrambling for answers to the operational    nightmare created by the ban , after getting just 96 hours to    comply or risk losing Airlines license to fly into the US .    There are still a lot of unanswered questions about the ban the ban motives , its effectiveness Airlines deterring a terrorist attack , the    huge loopholes left open by the Trump administration , and how    airlines are expected to comply with the ban and a Federal    Aviation Administration prohibition against checking      battery devices . " "    Here ’s what we know so far . " ’    The ban requires the ban place all electronic items larger    than a cell phone in their checked luggage so the devices can not    be accessed in flight . This includes laptops , tablets ,      portable DVD players , gaming devices larger than a smartphone ,    and    printers    scanners . However , necessary medical    devices are exempt . ’ ’    The new policy covers only    flights to the US coming from    one of 10 airports in the Middle East and North Africa   —      including a few of the busiest transit hubs in the world :    Istanbul , Turkey and Dubai in the UAE . ’ ’    Flights from the US to these the US not be affected . ’ ’   ’ ’    As a result , a total of nine airlines , including industry    heavyweights such as Emirates , Etihad , Qatar Airways , and Turkish    Airlines , will have to deal with the consequences of the ban . ’ "    But not all flights from these airlines into the US Turkish   Airlines    affected by the ban .    For instance the ban offers flights    New York ’s JFK    International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport in    New Jersey from Dubai that stop in Milan , Italy and Athens ,    Greece . On Thursday , Emirates confirmed that passengers on these    Emirates will be permitted to have their laptops and other    electronic devices passengers on these   flights them in the cabin . " ’ passengers on these   flights In addition , no flights operated by US or European airlines will    be affected directly by the ban because none offer      service to the US from that region of the world . However , several    US carriers including American , United , JetBlue , and Alaska could    see their business take a hit . This JetBlue, and Alaska because airlines such as    Qatar , Turkish , and Emirates feed passengers directly into their    respective domestic networks . ’ Turkish, and Emirates    The ban calls for all large electronic devices to be packed with    checked luggage at each passenger ’s point of origin . This means    that those transiting through the affected airports will be    without their devices from the onset of their the affected airports . For instance ,    the affected airports you are traveling from Mumbai , India to Atlanta , GA via Doha ,    Qatar , your laptop will have to be checked in Mumbai even though    it ’s not Mumbai of the       the banned list . " ’   ’ "    However , those flying with   that will allow passengers to have access to    their laptops until it ’s time to passengers their flights . For    passengers , passengers complimentary laptop handling service will    allow them to have access to    devices   passengers the first leg      passengers their journey along with their layover in   passengers . " "   passengers Passengers who use the service will be required to declare their    large electronic devices to security Passengers who use the service before boarding      flights . The devices would then be packed in their   large electronic devices boxes and stored in the aircraft ’s cargo hold . The boxes would be    returned to the secure   boxes they reached    US . " ’    Other secure   boxes such as Qatar Airways have indicated they will    implement extra security measures to ensure Other airlines such as Qatar Airways security of the    devices . Although none have yet their   large electronic devices those measure    are . ’ "    According to US officials , there ’s no set date for the end of the    ban and its need will be periodically reviewed . " ’    According the   ban senior administration officials , the decision to    implement these security measures is a result of intelligence    showing a risk for terrorist activity involving commercial    aviation . ’ ’    " Evaluated intelligence indicates that terrorist groups continue    to target commercial aviation and are aggressively pursuing    innovative methods to undertake their attacks , to include    smuggling explosive devices in various terrorist groups items , " an    official said on Monday . ’ ’   ’ ’    Whatever this intelligence consists of , it was substantial enough    for the    apparatus to act this intelligence    But confusing matters was that the UK issued a similar       Tuesday but excluded four airports   —    Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the    United Arab Emirates , Doha , Qatar , and Casablanca , Morocco   —      featured in the US ban . ’ ’    In addition , several a similar ban    who have spoken    with Business Insider question whether a ban of this type would    even be effective in countering a terrorist attack . Doha , Dubai ,    and Abu Dhabi are major international transit hubs with extensive    multilayered security procedures .    flights are also    screened in dedicated facilities using    security       who often have    in law enforcement or the    military . ’ ’    In fact , Abu Dhabi International Airport is equipped with a US    Customs and Border Protection    facility where    passengers and bags headed for the US are screened by US customs    officials . ’ ’   ’ "    Also , areas of world known to be hotbeds for terrorist activity    have been left off the list banned countries . For example ,    Pakistan International Airlines’ flight from Lahore to JFK    International by way of Manchester , England is not covered by the    ban . Which means , it ’s possible for terrorists to simply bypass    the banned airports and the   ban the US through any number of    European transit hubs . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tDid you know ? You can carry your    onboard US bound   flights .   ’ ’      ’ ’    The electronics ban will have a few unintended side effects . One    the   ban serious is the large number of      batteries in the cargo hold of an airliner . ’ "    According to the Federal Aviation Administration , it ’s behavior    with potentially catastrophic consequences . " ’    " FAA battery the Federal Aviation Administration testing has highlighted the potential risk of a    catastrophic aircraft loss the Federal Aviation Administration to damage resulting from a lithium    battery fire or explosion , " the agency wrote in an alert in    February . " Current cargo fire suppression the Federal Aviation Administration not    effectively control a lithium battery fire . " ’ ’    Administration officials told journalists on Monday that they    were working with the FAA to maintain Monday safe flying environment ,    but journalists did not state specifics the Federal Aviation Administration Insider asked DHS for    specifics on Tuesday    has they    yet heard back from officials . ’ ’    Tuesday    particularly concerning for Michael Mo , the cofounder and    CEO of KULR Technologies , a company that specializes in      systems for batteries . ’ ’   ’ ’    "   batteries are inherently volatile . It’ ’s statistics .    It’ ’s not a matter of if , but a matter of when one of these things It’ blow , " Mo told Business Insider in an interview . " So when that    happens , it’ ’s better to Business Insider nearby to react and put out    the fire . " ’ It’    According to Mo , the only saving grace here is    spare    batteries and power banks are still prohibited Mo Which means only    batteries fitted inside devices will be stored with cargo . Even    though it ’s not perfectly safe , these batteries tend to be more    stable and less likely to combust . " ’    With only   batteries fitted inside devices ban still in its infancy    more details will    likely emerge in the near future . Stay tuned . ’ "    you ’re currently a business traveler affected by the US    laptop ban , you can share your story with    transportation@businessinsider the US the   ban of Homeland Security ’s ban on . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 