PHOENIX , Arizona   —    Fresh off of his historic meeting with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and his immigration policy speech here on Wednesday , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump slammed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for running a negative ,    campaign in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . [ Just a few short weeks after the senior most level of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign underwent a major shakeup , the trajectory of the race has shifted with GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s poll numbers rising —    and Clinton ’s slipping .    " I think we ’ve had a great few weeks , and yesterday was certainly great , " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump said when asked if GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump immigration speech and trip to Mexico represented an inflection point in the campaign . " Yesterday was certainly great with the president of Mexico and the speech in front of 15 , 000 people . You know there was 15 , 000 yesterday , you saw that ? " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump looked presidential and extracted two key concessions from the Mexican president : namely , that there ’s a need to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and that the United States has a right to build a wall . " I have great respect for the President of Mexico , " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump told Breitbart News . " I thought GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump was a fantastic person and a fantastic representative for Mexico . And I have great respect [ for GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ] . GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s a very fine person and I enjoyed being with GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump . " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump said that with the polls shifting and the momentum now on GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump side , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is sliding . GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has not held a press conference in over 270 days , and barely ever even holds public events anymore . Trump , who has held many press conferences as a candidate , highlighted this contrast in GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump interview with Breitbart News . " I think it ’s terrible that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump does n’t do press conferences , " Trump said when asked about how GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has n’t held any in nearly a year . " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s being coddled by the press . They ’re trying to get GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump through it . I think it ’s a shame that she doesn’t do press conferences . I think it ’s a shame . it ’s a shame for it American people . All GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump does is GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’ll put out a professionally    line about me , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump agency will write up a line about me and GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’ll put me out . The whole thing is ridiculous . It ’s starting to backfire The whole thing . Enough about Trump . Everything GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump says is a negative ad about Trump . I think people Trump n’t want that . They ’d like to see people stuff . " In particular , Trump noted that the media Trump refused to press Clinton to explain her " radical " immigration Clinton , which , according to Pew polling data , is opposed by at least 83 % of the American electorate . During his immigration address in Phoenix Trump Trump challenged the media to Trump asking the media her immigration platform . Clinton " Clinton media needs to begin demanding the media Hillary Clinton ’s answer on how her Clinton affect Americans and their security Clinton " Trump said in his Americans Trump here Wednesday Trump . " These are matters of     for our country and its people , and we deserve answers from     Clinton   …      What we do know , despite the total lack of media curiosity , is that Hillary Clinton promises a radical amnesty combined with Hillary Clinton reduction in immigration enforcement . The result will be millions of more illegal immigrants , thousands of more violent crimes , and total chaos and lawlessness . " Trump said earlier in his interview with Breitbart News that the reason why Trump can not do press conferences is because she Hillary Clinton running a    campaign devoid of anything Hillary Clinton negative attacks on him . " Her speech yesterday was terrible , Trump Trump told Hillary Clinton News . " All she does Trump hit Breitbart News it ’s not Hillary Clinton to work because Trump ’s just not going to work . That ’s it she does is attack Trump . She has no Hillary Clinton . She has Trump energy Hillary Clinton She has nothing . Hillary Clinton did n’t go to Hillary Clinton —    where Hillary Clinton should have gone —    and they ’re Hillary Clinton angry at her , and they should be angry at her Hillary Clinton But she did they go to Louisiana Hillary Clinton she did Hillary Clinton go to Mexico . " Louisiana Hillary Clinton noted that Clinton did n’t go to California to see the drought problems there , which Trump did , and noted that " it ’s so easy to fix . " " That is one of the easiest problems in the world to fix , " Trump said . " It ’s crazy . But she Trump not have the energy or the stamina Hillary Clinton Make America Great Again . " Trump explained that Clinton ’s    campaign is part of Trump reason why Clinton are turning to Trump . " I heard about the Trumpocrats , " Trump said , referring to    lifelong Democrats who plan Trump voting Republican in November in order to help elect Trump president . " I love that . I love those people   …      It ’s a big deal , " Trump said , noting that the reason they are turning Trump him is because " Hillary Clinton those people   the wrong messenger Trump " " She ca n’t get the word out , " Trump Hillary Clinton . " All she does is attack me Trump I just left the Hillary Clinton at the   American Legion and they tell me that she starts attacking me out of the veterans . And they Hillary Clinton n’t want to hear about that . They the veterans to hear about health care and things . the veterans she starts attacking me , that ’s what she wants Hillary Clinton talk about . That ’s all she Hillary Clinton doing . And now her polls are starting Hillary Clinton go down big league and Hillary Clinton are going up . " 
 