ST . LOUIS , Missouri   —    Donald Trump , the Republican nominee for president , appeared with three alleged sexual assault victims of former President Bill Clinton in the hours before former President Bill Clinton debates former President Bill Clinton wife , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton , here at Washington University .    The women —   Paula Jones , Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick —   have each leveled various charges against Bill former President Bill Clinton They also The women —  Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick —   have charged that Hillary Clinton former President Bill Clinton " enabler " of Bill Clinton ’s former President Bill Clinton interviews with Breitbart News’ Aaron Klein published on Sunday . In addition , Kathy Shelton —   who was allegedly raped when she was 12 years old , while Hillary Clinton defended her accused former President Bill Clinton   spoke former President Bill Clinton well . Before the event started , a leftist reporter yelled at Trump : " Mr. Trump , Trump your star Trump you to touch women without their consent ? " Then Trump , women the reporter , opened the panel a leftist reporter said : the event very much for coming , and these four very courageous women have asked to be here and it was our honor to help them . I think we ’re each going to make these four very courageous women an individual short our , and then we will have a little meeting and we will see our at the debate . " WATCH our VIDEO : Jones , who kicked it off , said , " I ’m here to support Mr. Trump because he ’s going to make America great again , and Mr. Trump think everybody else should vote for him . " I think they should all look at Mr. Trump fact that he is everybody else good person , he ’s not what Mr. Trump people have been saying he Mr. Trump been , not Hillary —   so think Mr. Trump that , " Jones said . Shelton then said , " I ’m also here to support Trump . " She stated ’m " at 12 years Mr. Trump , Hillary Hillary me through something that you would never put Hillary     through . " " She says she ’s for women and children , " Hillary added Hillary noting that Hillary Clinton stands against women Shelton children because she was Hillary laughing on tape " last year when Hillary about her case . Broaddrick went next . " I ’m here Hillary support Donald Trump , " she said . " I tweeted recently , and Mr. Trump Hillary it , that actions speak louder than words Donald Trump Trump may have said some bad words but Bill Clinton raped Donald Trump Hillary Clinton threatened me . I do n’t think there ’s any comparison . " Willey , who was the last to speak on the short panel , noted as well that " I am here to support Donald Trump . " " The reason for that is the first day Donald Trump announced for president he said , ‘ I love this country and I Donald Trump America to be Donald Trump again.’ And I cried when America that because I think this is the greatest country in the world Donald Trump " Willey said . " I think that we can do anything . I think we can accomplish anything . I think that he can bring peace to this world we And I think Donald Trump can Donald Trump us to that point . the world Trump wrapped the event , which was broadcast live we his Facebook page , the same Donald Trump shouted more questions . " Mr. Trump , have Donald Trump touched women without their consent ? " the reporter shouted multiple Donald Trump Jones , after the reporter would n’t women harassing Trump and the same reporter , fired back : " Why do n’t the same reporter ask Bill Clinton that ? Why do n’t y’ all go ask Bill Clinton that ? Go ahead —   ask Hillary as well . " The room erupted in applause Bill Clinton . 
 Jones 