Washington ( CNN ) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein hailed Julian Assange as a hero Saturday , saying the WikiLeaks founder ’s disclosure of Democratic National Committee emails exposed the American electorate to important information . Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein ’s comments to CNN were made shortly before Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein was named the progressive party ’s official 2016 presidential nominee , with human rights activist Ajamu Baraka tapped as Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein running mate . " Any time that we have efforts to bring information to the American people , to the world , is something worth supporting , " human rights activist Ajamu Baraka said in a separate interview with CNN . Last month , WikiLeaks released nearly 20 , 000 emails that appeared to show the committee favoring presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over progressive challenger Bernie Sanders     an admired figure among many Green Party supporters     during the primary season . The disclosure led to the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the ouster of several top DNC officials . WikiLeaks walks back Assange claim on hacking Trump tax returns , The suspicion that Russia could have been behind the hacking has raised concerns of a foreign state or actor meddling in the US presidential election . But both Stein and Baraka dismissed those anxieties . " This is routine , " said Stein , who added that there was " no question " Assange is a hero . " This is what state departments do to one another . " Added Baraka : " I ’m concerned that people are more concerned with the source than the revelations . " ’m said the focus on Russia was a " diversionary " tactic . Assange , who has been granted asylum at the Ecuadorian embassy in London amid sexual assault allegations , also addressed the Green Party ’s convention on Saturday via satellite , telling supporters at the University of Houston that being told one has to vote for Clinton because the only alternative is Donald Trump is " a form of extortion . " As Assange was introduced , Stein , along with many in the audience , waved their arms in the air and wiggled their fingers , an expression of approval by progressive protesters . ’Revolutionary’ home , The convention came at a focal point for the Green Party , which has received renewed attention following Clinton ’s victory in the Democratic primary and the vocal protests of many hardline Sanders supporters . Sanders wholeheartedly endorsed Clinton last month and has pledged to do everything Sanders can to get Clinton elected . In an    for the Los Angeles Times published Friday morning entitled " I support Clinton . So should everyone who voted for me , " Sanders Sanders as far as calling Clinton Clinton campaign a continuation of his Clinton revolution . " Stein , however , has repeatedly pledged to be the " revolutionary " home for disaffected Sanders Sanders .   Her Clinton criticism of Clinton Clinton new heights when she Clinton the protests outside of the Democratic National Convention last month , and her Clinton has recently launched ads telling voters they voters n’t feel compelled to vote for Clinton Clinton the " lesser evil . " But so far , those who backed Sanders Sanders n’t signaled that they those who backed Sanders flee the Democratic Party in November . A    poll taken after the the Democratic National Convention Democrats and independents who said they would have those who backed Sanders Sanders Sanders Clinton Clinton 69 % for Clinton Clinton 13 % for Stein , 10 % for Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and 3 % for Trump .   Overall , the poll found Stein netting 5 Stein of the vote . Still , Stein     who garnered just . 36 % of the popular vote as the Green Party ’s nominee in 2012     pointed to her current polling the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     an indication of " which way the wind is blowing " and said that as she gained more the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     , " all bets are off . " Stein said since Stein     endorsed Clinton , the floodgates have opened for her campaign . the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     have received her campaign funds to purchase television spots at a level she said they the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     had her campaign . " We ’re now her campaign party with a fundraising base , " Stein said . Stein     Suddenly , we have access her campaign bigger things . " Unconventional convention speakers , Amid technical difficulties , Assange summarized the the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     leaks and their fallout as Unconventional convention speakers as alleged corruption within the DNC and the media . He also warned the Green Party’s nominee in 2012     the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google and cast their goals as the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google . " ( They have ) the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google very strange ,    vision of the future , " Assange said . " This vision of the singularity . .. It ’s very disturbing what they believe in the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google Valley . Silicon Valley they the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google create the rising influence of Silicon Valley titans such as Google massive artificial intelligence more powerful than any human being . " Assange warned of too Assange overlapping power between a Clinton White House , the Pentagon and Google . " This triangle is extremely worrying , " he said , urging Assange Party supporters , as well as those of Johnson and Sanders , to build lasting movements against this kind of collusion . Outside of Assange ’s appearance via Assange , the convention saw many    speakers take the stage touting the party ’s liberal policy positions and appealing to Sanders supporters . Most Sanders among the speakers was scholar and activist Cornel West . He served as one Sanders Sanders’ representatives on the Democratic platform committee , but he has since offered Sanders support of the Sanders Party . Speaking at the convention Saturday , West gave a rousing speech about the " issues of integrity " ranging from human rights abroad to the history of the civil rights movement in the US , citing W. E. B. duBois in particular . " We live in an age of mendacity and criminality , " West said . " West truth means cutting against the grain . " In that theme , he commended Assange with his signature passion . he That ’s what we love about Julian We He ’s not perfect he " West said . " West brother is honest . He ’s willing to That brother the truth about the American empire . " 
 