Washington ( CNN ) If Ivanka Trump is " complicit , " as critics and even a " Saturday Night Live " perfume sketch allege , Ivanka Trump ’s not concerned .   " I do n’t know what it means to be complicit , but I hope time will prove that I have done a good job and much more importantly , that my father ’s administration is the success that I know it will be , " Ivanka Trump told CBS News’ Gayle King in an interview taped Tuesday . Asked by News’ Gayle King how she feels about the accusation , Ivanka Trump defended she .   " I do n’t know that the critics who may say that of News’ Gayle King , if the critics who may say that of me found the critics who may say that of me in this very unique and unprecedented situation that I am now in , would do any differently than I am doing , " she said . " So I hope to make a positive impact . " The interview , taped at she Washington home , was Ivanka Trump first since her she , President Donald Trump , assumed office in January .   Since officially joining her she ’s administration as special assistant to the President , she she slowly ramped up her she appearances , speaking last week at an event promoting young woman in STEM and discussing apprenticeships and vocational training earlier Tuesday .   Though she she eschewed a defined role     she she said , " I ’m going to be a daughter " in her her father’s House     Trump said her she to formally joining the administration happened " organically " during the early days of the presidency .   " I realized that having one foot in and one foot out would n’t work , " she she . " And the reality is that it all happened very organically for me she " In her she role , Trump will continue Trump she on women ’s economic empowerment .   " I ’m very focused on the role of education , " she she .   The President ’s eldest daughter , who has been a key and trusted adviser to her she well before his bid for The President , was asked how she she respond to critics holding her she for not speaking out against her she ’s positions .   " I would say not to conflate lack of public denouncement with silence . I think there are multiple ways to have your voice heard . In some cases , it ’s through protest and it ’s through it on the nightly news and talking about or denouncing every issue on which you disagree with , " said Trump , who has been absent from the media circuit until this interview . " Other times , it is quietly and directly and candidly . So where I disagree with my father , he knows it my father And it express myself with total candor . Where I agree , I fully lean in and support the agenda and hope that I can be an asset to him and make my father positive impact . " Rare media leaks about Trump and her husband , Trump Kushner , have crafted the pair ’s image as a moderating force when it comes to the pair’s issues , including LGBT rights and climate change . However , Trump declined to Trump an issue on which she disagrees with Trump father . Trump " For me , this Trump n’t about promoting my viewpoints . I was n’t elected by the American people to be president . My father is her father do a tremendous job . And I want to help him do that , her father she said . Trump She also reflected Trump her adjustment to Trump life in Trump with her three small Trump , noting various field trips across the district , including one recent stop at a monster truck rally .   " They do n’t have them nearby in New They because I ’ve looked for years . We went in Baltimore . But every week , I try to do something different and unique and really celebrate being in a different city and in a different community , " she said . Trump 