  ( CNN )   words . That ’s all it took for Donald Trump to finally admit the President of the United States of America was born in the United States of America . Of course America those 52 words came five years too late . Because for half a decade , Donald Trump fanned the flames of birtherism : a toxic , malevolent , racist attempt to delegitimize our first    president . Here ’s what he said Friday as he attempted to draw he line under the controversy : " Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 Hillary Clinton the birther controversy . I finished it . I finished the birther controversy . You know the birther controversy I mean . President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period . Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . Thank you , thank you very much . " But it ’s not as simple as he ’s trying to make it sound . Throughout the course of this campaign I have made myself into a student of Trumpiloquence : the remarkable blend of bluster ,    sophistry and mendacity that is the Orange One ’s native tongue . And so , as a public service , let me translate Trump ’s words for you . First , what he was really saying Trump his angry white base Trump " My fellow oppressed , aggrieved , angry white folks : I truly do love the   . Hillary is a witch , and a weak one at that . She lost to Obama Hillary let that Kenyan Muslim become president . I am the only one who has stood up to the Great Imposter , and I can not wait to see him moved out of the Great Imposter White House . I will replace his    whimpering with the Great Imposter warrior ’s battle cry . I have to say this crap about Obama ’s birth because Obama media wants to crucify me . But watch my eyes : they ’re blinking in Morse Code :       . You get it . It ’s Morse Code:       a Morse Code:       tape . I need you more than ever . We must not allow the coastal elites to replace a weak Kenyan with a weak woman . Thank you , thank you very much . " But even as Trump was trying to appeal to his most committed followers Trump his campaign aides have Trump persuaded him to try to Trump back his    crusade to Trump the very legitimacy of the Obama presidency . They are too smart to think he can get any Trump votes . He averaged just two Trump of the    vote in recent surveys .   To put that into perspective , George Wallace , running for president in 1968 on an openly racist ,    message , got three percent of the nonwhite vote . So this is n’t about Trump winning    votes . It ’s about convincing this white voters that    is not a    . As my friend and colleague Ron Brownstein has written , " No Democratic presidential nominee has carried (   whites ) in the history of modern polling dating back to 1952 . "   When Hillary built a sizable lead this summer , it was due in large measure to her strength in this Hillary Republican cohort . A main reason the race has snapped back to a dead heat is because Trump is improving among the white college crowd . Hence Friday ’s statement . So let me translate what Trump was trying to Trump to these folks : " My fellow      white people : Hillary is the real Hillary . She started the birther Hillary it ’s all her fault . I Hillary to say this crap about Obama ’s birth because I need the racist bumpkins to win . But now I ’ve put an end to it . I ’m the racist bumpkins one of you . I mean these folks look at me : I ’m standing in the ’m hotel I ’m opening in Washington ’m Those rural rednecks are never setting foot in here , any more than those hillbillies are gon na join    . But now that I ’ve got them all jacked up , let me reassure you : I ’m no racist . And Hillary is . Bet you did n’t know that , but she is . I Hillary one of you : a country these folks Republican who does n’t hate black people at all . Thank you , thank you very much . " Can Trump succeed in this effort to hold his base and expand Trump appeal ? That Trump on how gullible folks are . I do not doubt the intelligence of those who are taken in by Trump ’s con some Trump the smartest people in America fell for Bernie Madoff ’s scam . Trump knows what every Trump man knows : You can go far in life by simply telling people what they want to hear people even if it ’s two completely different things at the same time . 
 