Washington ( CNN ) Nearly 10 , 000 millennials gathered Saturday at a park in southeast Washington to celebrate political activism , healthy living and music at the 5th annual Broccoli City music festival , which punctuated a weeklong series of events driven by a concern for the    of urban communities under the Trump administration . As President Donald Trump settles into President Donald Trump fourth month in the White House , DC rapper Chaz French told CNN that while " it ’s still      Donald Trump , " the energy among activists is shifting from mere opposition into a call for action . "     President Donald Trump . We do n’t have give a      about what ’s going on in the the White House now in the sense of we know that We      it ’s not that      na last long , " French said following his performance at the festival .   " We give a      about these kids in southeast who ca n’t eat , " he said . his We give a      about these kids in these kids in southeast who can’t eat place they will ever see . We give a      about these kids in southeast who can’t eat homeless people who are We and did n’t never have a way out . " After noting the disparity of food access in urban communities , Brandon McEachern founded Broccoli City in 2007 to raise awareness about healthy eating and give young people the tools to advocate for sustainable living , environmental sustainability , renewable energy and economic opportunity . " When you think about food access , when you think about sustainable education , at the end of the day what you ’re talking about is just a good foundation , " McEachern told CNN . The music festival was held at Brandon McEachern DC , a park in the backyard of a vacant asylum , bringing local food vendors , local artists , an outdoor marketplace and a    lineup   —    including Solange , Rae Sremmurd , Lil Yachty and 21 Savage   —    to a community that is often overlooked by performers .   The full lineup included French , Sir the Baptist , Rapsody , Nao , AlunaGeorge , Kevin Abstract , Smino , Nick Grant and Rejjie Snow . " I love Broccoli City because it shows us the economic structure that we need for Broccoli City Chicago RB artist Sir the Baptist us CNN following his performance . " It shows us that us hey " Chicago RB artist Sir the Baptist n’t just take festivals to us places . . .. Take it to the communities that really need it . " It Rep. Dwight Evans ,    who It in a festival panel about access to healthy foods with rapper Styles P , said that he noticed a shift in energy among activists . " I do think that ( activism ) is transforming to another stage , and that stage is for people to understand that this is their democracy and they should take ownership over it , people Evans said people " They have a right and an obligation to be vigilant people stay on top of things . " Sir the Baptist , who slammed Trump for being " way out of touch " with the    community as a candidate , said the festival reminds him of the work that needs to be done in Chicago . " In Chicago we have what we call a food desert , Chicago for a certain we of blocks and miles sometimes you ca n’t get healthy food , " he said . " And it ’s amazing that in him time and this era we would have sort of a Third World country right we in Chicago where you ca n’t get healthy food . " Chicago Monday , the Trump administration scaled back school meal nutritional requirements that were set by the Obama White House in 2012 and championed by former first lady Michelle Obama . Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue said in a news release that last Monday ’s proclamation is the result of " years Last Monday from students , schools , and food service experts about the challenges they are facing in meeting the final regulations for school meals schools, and food service experts " CNN has reached out to the White House for comment and has not yet received a response . McEachern said that for the first time , the festival spanned an entire week and featured a 5 K fitness run , a vegan food festival and " Broccoli Con "   —    a series of panel discussions and conversations to provide young people with enough time to network and the tools to become more politically active in their communities . " We ’re at the point where we young people n’t just talk about it , " North Carolina We Rapsody told CNN . " We have our moments to feel and live in our moments We but We it ’s time to take action We Talking about it , just tweeting about it , that does n’t do it to solve the problem it " 
 