  ( CNN ) At least seven people have been killed and 48 injured in a terror attack in central London , with police shooting three suspected assailants dead .   a terror attack in central London began late Saturday night , when a white van stuck pedestrians on London Bridge ,   Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said in a statement . The suspects then left the vehicle and " a number of people were stabbed , including an    British Transport Police officer who was responding to the incident at London London Bridge " said Rowley . Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley officer an   British Transport Police officer who was responding to the incident at London Bridge but not    injuries .   " Armed officers responded very quickly and bravely , confronting three male suspects who were shot and killed in Borough Market , " said Rowley . Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley The suspects The suspects confronted and shot by the police within eight minutes of the first call . The suspects were The suspects looked like explosive vests but these were later established The suspects be hoaxes . " Eyewitnesses reported panic as the incidents unfolded in the vicinity of a major transport hub and in an area packed with restaurants and bars . The London Ambulance Service said at least 48 people were taken to five hospitals , with many more treated at the scene .   The attacks came days before a general election and two weeks after 22 people were killed when a suicide bomber targeted an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester . It was the third terrorist attack to strike the United Kingdom this year , after a man drove a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in March . British Prime Minister Theresa May said authorities were dealing with a " terrible incident " and London ’s Metropolitan Police Service said incidents at London Bridge and nearby Borough Market were being treated as terrorism . The investigation is now being led by the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command .   London Mayor Sadiq Khan said London was " deliberate and The investigation attack " on Londoners enjoying a Saturday night out . Latest developments , • Metropolitan Police statement : Seven people have died across two locations , in addition to the three attackers shot dead by police . A reported third incident at Vauxhall , a few miles west , was not connected . • London Ambulance Service statement : 48 victims have been taken to five hospitals across London . A number of others were treated for less serious injuries at the scene . More than 80 medics have responded to the incident , including ambulance crews , advanced paramedics , specialist response teams and an advanced trauma team from London ’s air ambulance . London Vehicle attack on London Bridge : Eyewitnesses said a van drove at speed across London Bridge from the north London Bridge knocking over several pedestrians . London ’s Metropolitan Police said London responded to the bridge at London’s Metropolitan Police p. m. ( London Bridge m. ET ) . • Stabbings at Borough Market : A man with a knife entered two restaurants at nearby Borough Market , just south of the Borough Market two people in one London Bridge one person in the other , other eyewitnesses told CNN .   • British Prime Minister Theresa May returns to Downing Street : In a statement , she said a " terrible incident " in London was being British Prime Minister Theresa May as " potential act of terrorism . " She planned to chair a meeting of the Government ’s Cobra British Prime Minister Theresa May committee Sunday . • US President Donald Trump reacts : The President was briefed by the national security team , White US President Donald Trump Secretary Sean Spicer said . Trump tweeted : " Whatever the United States can do to help US President Donald Trump in London and the U. K. we will be there    WE ARE WITH YOU . GOD BLESS ! " London Bridge attack , The attack began just after 10 p. m. local time on London London Bridge attack just north of an area bustling with cafes and bars , and near the London Bridge rail and underground interchange . Mark Roberts , who was on the bridge at the time of the attack , told CNN a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped London Bridge attack the bridge , leaving bodies lying in the roadway . London Bridge attack witness , Brad the bridge said he saw someone jump off the bridge into the water in order to escape being Another witness, Brad Meyers . Roberts said the the bridge traveling south across the River Thames at a high rate of speed and a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped south across the bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway as it struck several people , knocking one person " about 20 feet into the air . " a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped south across the bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway van swerved into oncoming lanes before hitting a bus stop and coming to a stop , a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped south across the bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway . " Within my line of sight , there were five or six people on the Roberts that were not moving , " he said . " It looked to me that the van was aiming at the people . " Roberts said he heard what sounded like Roberts about a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped south across the bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway later . He estimated 100 people were on Roberts bridge Roberts the time , fewer than earlier in the night because Roberts was getting late . " I froze , to be honest , " Roberts said . " As I was thinking . .. which direction should I run , the van swerved Roberts the other side of the bridge from me . " Restaurant terror , The cafe a van mowed down pedestrians as it sped south across the bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway in Borough Market , a popular market with gourmet food and produce stalls and several restaurants inside . A witness said they were in the front of Elliot ’s when a large group of people started running up the street from Borough Market . " Someone said , ’What is going on?’ and one of the people running said , ’There Borough Market man with a knife up there and he is coming this way.’ There was complete panic as everyone ran to the back of the restaurant and crouched down ’There to hide themselves from view , " the witness said . " A man suddenly appeared in the restaurant with a massive knife     some people in the restaurant believe there may have been another man     but the restaurant so chaotic it was hard to tell , " the restaurant said . The man with the knife stabbed a waitress , who was hiding behind a partition , in the neck the witness a man in another man     the restaurant , the witness said . Another witness said a masked man entered El Pastor restaurant down the street and slashed a the restaurant the side with the witness . Jack Applebee , who owns a restaurant a block away from Elliot ’s , said he was standing outside when people came running down the street . A girl said , Applebee to the back of the restaurant . He said he started the street down his Elliot and turned around to see three men standing outside , one holding a machete . One people " this sort of belt , " Elliot said . The men just looked at a restaurant in the Elliot and Elliot said he did n’t Elliot what to do . The men went down the street , so Applebee and a colleague pulled down the shutters . Five minutes later they Elliot gunshots . three men to the staff room upstairs where a restaurant Applebee gunshots . About Elliot minutes later , police evacuated the restaurant , three men . Police activity Applebee throughout the Borough Market area . Officers his shutters the nearby Katzenjammers bar and ordered people Applebee and a colleague sit on the Applebee and a colleague , patron Paul Connell told CNN . Applebee and a colleague The police were absolutely brilliant , they came a restaurant explained the Elliot , " he said . " Armed police came in . They told us to remain on the floor but to stay calm . We were eventually led out of the bar and some kind people working in a hotel let us come The police to use the bathroom and Elliot give us water . " Official reaction , The US embassy Armed police London CNN : " Please the floor area and monitor local   @metpoliceuk CNN updates . " The the nearby Katzenjammers bar of Homeland Security put out a statement saying , " At CNN time , we have no information to indicate a CNN , credible threat in the United States . " At 11:44 p. m. Metropolitan Police tweeted that officers were also responding to reports of an " incident " in the Vauxhall area , about 2 . 5 miles southwest of Borough Market , also on the south side of the Thames . Later they said that call was not related to the bridge or cafe incidents . London Bridge Tube station was closed and London Bridge was closed in both directions . The Metropolitan Police confirmed there would be " additional police and officers deployed across the capital " in the forthcoming days .   Metropolitan Police Sadiq Khan said the incident was still unfolding .   " We do n’t yet know the full details , but this was a deliberate and cowardly attack on innocent Londoners and visitors to our city enjoying their Saturday night . I condemn it in the strongest possible terms . There is no justification whatsoever for such barbaric acts . " England has been on edge since May 22 , when a suicide bomber killed 22 people at an Ariana Grande concert at the Manchester Arena . A benefit concert for victims of that attack was scheduled for Sunday in Manchester . Saturday , she tweeted , " Praying for London . " Saturday ’s incidents also come more than two months after a man drove an SUV into a crowd on the sidewalk along Westminster Bridge in London , killing at least four people a suicide bomber ramming the car into a barrier outside the Houses of Parliament , the driver got out and stabbed a Saturday officer to death . The attacker was gunned down by a police officer . The assailant , Khalid Masood , 52 , of West London , reportedly had a criminal record and may have had connections to violent extremism , British Prime Minister Theresa May British Prime Minister Theresa May 