’   ’ ’    President Trump promised real change in US foreign policy , and in    at least one clear regard President Trump has already delivered : Where    President Obama spent six years waging covert drone warfare in    Yemen and nearly two years quietly   in the    Gulf state ’s civil war , President Trump drew national outrage to this    heretofore ignored conflict in nine days flat . ’ ’    President Trump did so by ordering a   to take out a leader of Al Qaeda    in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) . When the dust cleared , one    American Navy SEAL and more than a dozen civilians were    dead . Among those killed was      a   who had the misfortune to be born    to Al Qaeda propagandist and US citizen Anwar    whom the    Obama administration killed by drone strikes   one of his other children back in    2011 . ’ ’    Americans’ new attention to US intervention in Yemen is rightly    focused on these details , especially the tragic and preventable    deaths . But if we only notice the particulars of this strike , we we run the risk of missing an alarming bigger picture : This raid    marked   the United States has put boots    on the ground in combat in the Yemeni civil war , and those SEALs    were sent into the line of fire without   authorization from    Congress . ’ ’    If that seems like a pedantic consideration , . This is a major new    development in a military intervention launched by the Obama    White House without public discussion or a declaration of war .    Obama Obama US involvement in Yemen secretly and illegally , and    to escalate to ground war —   to putting US troops in harm ’s    way —   without so much as a    from Congress would be a       mistake . ’ ’    While it is true that AQAP is clearly linked to the Al Qaeda    organization responsible for    and thus targeting them the Al Qaeda   organization responsible for       the   for Use of Military Force    ( AUMF ) is more plausible than most of the uses the AUMF sees    these days , remember that Obama ’s intervention in Yemen extends    well beyond Al Qaeda . ’ ’   ’ ’    Our primary focus is the Yemeni civil war , which has no real    connection to the terms of     AUMF . ( Even targeting AQAP    without fresh congressional authorization is arguably a stretch :    It AQAP    became   eight years after   . How    could Congress authorize war against an organization that did not    yet exist ? ) ’ ’    The American public deserves the opportunity to debate whether we    want a new war waged in our we and funded by our we ; and our we military at the very least deserves a     who    follows basic guidelines from our we before risking    their lives on another country ’s behalf . ’ ’    Congressional authorization is not too much to ask , and it Congressional authorization not    a frivolous request . It Congressional authorization as a valuable check on executive    power —   the very sort of abuse Trump says he Trump to       —   bridling rash decisions from the White House and better       US foreign policy to defending America ’s vital national    interests . ’ ’    That note of caution is especially important in Yemen , where    there are no direct US interests at stake . On the contrary , what    we find in Yemen Yemen a convoluted mess , in which Washington is    supporting a    coalition that is   of war crimes , whose cause    the United States aids   an increasingly   than to gain any clear    advantage for ourselves . ’ ’    Worse yet , as ordinary Yemenis   thanks to Saudi   famine , AQAP —   the ruthless Al    Qaeda affiliate Trump ’s raid was meant to combat —    thanks to the power vacuum the    civil war has produced . ’ ’   ’ ’    The war , and thus that vacuum , is unquestionably prolonged by    Saudi interference , which in turn is   US support . In short , not only is    US intervention in Yemen not defending any American interests , it    is counterproductively fostering the very terrorists Washington    seeks to suppress . ’ ’    Now that Americans are paying attention to Yemen Yemen this should be    our demand : If the White House wants to maintain this   with no apparent value to US    security , it US   security make its US   security to Congress and the nation . ’ ’    And if Congress Congress not declare war , then President Trump can    and must extract American troops and end our military support for    Saudi Arabia ’s intervention in Yemen before this recent raid    becomes one in a litany of unnecessary risks offering much to       and little to gain . ’ ’ This is an editorial . The opinions and conclusions    expressed above are those of the author . Bonnie Kristian is    a fellow at Defense Priorities . She Bonnie Kristian a weekend editor at The    Week and a columnist at Rare , and her Bonnie Kristian has also appeared    at Time Magazine , CNN , Politico , Relevant Magazine , The Hill , and       American Conservative , among other outlets . ’ ’President Trump promised real change in US . .. ’ 
 