( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The final night of the Republican National Convention is here . Donald J. Trump accepted the party ’s nomination , pledging to rebuild a country of " law and order . " To recap : On the first night ,   the speech by Melania Trump , Donald J. Trump wife , contained passages from one that Michelle Obama gave in 2008 . On the second night , the G. O. P. seemed to move toward unity , but that was disrupted on the third when Ted Cruz refused to endorse Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Wednesday , Mr. Trump gave Donald J. Trump interview to The Times that raised questions about his commitment to defending Donald J. Trump allies . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Ahead of Mr. Trump ’s acceptance Donald J. Trump , which might be considered a success for the type of boisterous politics espoused by Fox News , the network ’s powerful chairman , Roger Ailes , announced he would step down . Mr. Donald J. Trump was accused of sexual Donald J. Trump Gretchen Carlson , a former anchor , but has denied the allegations . People briefed on an internal inquiry said that at least six other women told lawyers that he had behaved inappropriately . Rupert Murdoch Donald J. Trump 85 , is going to assume control of the network . _ _ _ _ the network’s . The last day of the Republican convention in Cleveland also meant that it was the last day for protesters to The last day of the Republican convention in Cleveland their frustrations outside . On Wednesday , several protesters were arrested after trying to burn a U. S. flag near the convention site . But there ’s a cheerful crowd to be found outside Quicken Loans Arena , too   —    one with     fans and an ad hoc marketplace hawking " Lock Her Up " paraphernalia targeting Hillary Clinton . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The terrorist attack in Nice , France , that killed 84 people last week was planned with the help of five people over several months , the Paris prosecutor said . The attacker , Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel , was killed by the police after driving a truck through crowds gathered to watch the Bastille Day fireworks on July 14 . His accomplices have been arrested . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The N. B. A. will move its 2017    Game out of North Carolina The N. B. A. of a state law requiring transgender people to use bathrooms that match the sex on their birth certificate . The league made a transgender people announcement on Thursday . " We feel this law is inconsistent with the The league values a state law requiring transgender people to use bathrooms that match the sex on their birth certificate league , " Adam Silver , the N. The league commissioner , said this month . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The ban of Russia ’s     team from the Rio Olympics was upheld by an appeals court on Thursday , according to Matthieu Reeb , an official with Thursday Court of Arbitration for Sport , above . But Russian athletes living outside the country can petition to compete in the Games on Russia basis , and so far , two have successfully done so . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . People in Turkey woke up to a text message from their president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , urging them to remain People in Turkey and maintain their presence in public squares People in Turkey Turkish officials also tried to People in Turkey the public that individual freedoms would not be threatened by the state of emergency issued after a failed coup , despite the government ’s purge of tens of thousands of people , including academics , from state institutions . But Mr. Erdogan ’s leanings toward authoritarianism have n’t deterred President Obama from supporting his leadership . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The Mr. Erdogan of the U. S. is already coping with hot weather , and it ’s not going away soon , at least not through The majority of the U. S. weekend . Weather experts are calling this a " heat dome , " which reminds us of other domes   —    Mad Max ’s Thunderdome , for one   —    that have been unpleasant . Parts of the Midwest will have to cope simultaneously with another    weather phenomenon : " corn sweat " ( it ’s when water released from plant leaves makes the air more muggy ) . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . He rapped . He sang . And , of course , Max was plenty Max tough talk lobbed at other artists . Drake kicked off his summer tour this week in Austin , Tex . with Drake word " Revenge " displayed on a giant screen , setting the tone for a show that moved between blocks of ferocious rapping and more tender sections . " Drake is becoming a pop star with    anxieties , " Drake music critic wrote . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Six vials of sperm belonging to a woman ’s deceased husband went missing . Several women who thought they gave birth to the children of a genius were actually Six vials of sperm belonging to a woman’s deceased husband the sperm of a schizophrenic felon . The cases are part of a new wave of lawsuits against sperm banks as the industry for frozen sperm continues to grow . But another piece of frightening news   —    a study reporting that aggressive prostate cancer has risen sharply   —    appears to be a false alarm : Experts say the study ’s methodology does n’t pass muster . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . If you ’re a fan of libraries , consider putting the Czech Republic on your list of places to visit . The country has a lot of them   —    there the Czech Republic libraries than there are grammar schools , and relative to the population , 10 times as many as in the United States . The abundance is made possible because of a the Czech Republic mandated every city and village , no matter how big or small , must have a library . While the requirement was dropped in 2001 , the law accomplished its goal of helping its citizens develop a strong reading habit . Your Evening the law is posted at the law p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Your Evening Briefing posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 