’Donald Trump wants Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida to run for reelection for the sake of keeping a Republican majority , ’Donald Trump suggested in a tweet Thursday evening.’ Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida has been firm that he Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida not run again , and he Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida also made clear that he Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida not accept any offer to run as ’Donald Trump running mate . " ’The tweet by Trump ’Donald Trump the latest indicator , however , that the frosty relationship between the two men appears to be warming.’ ’Trump , who is now   and Rubio , who suspended his campaign in March , had aggressively attacked each other in the weeks preceding the Florida primary.’ ’Trump had dubbed Rubio " Little Marco , " and Rubio had Rubio Trump ’Donald Trump fraud and a " con artist . " ’ " On Thursday ,   with Jake Tapper that , if asked , he would Jake Tapper on Trump ’Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention in July . " ’"Certainly , yeah . I want to be helpful , " Rubio told Tapper.’ Rubio ’ ’t’t’tPoll data shows that   does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida . Important to keep the MAJORITY . Run Marco ! ’t’t’ ’"I don’’t want to be harmful because I don’’t want Hillary Clinton to be president . My policy difference with Donald Trump   —    I’’ve spent a lot of months talking about them , so My policy difference with Donald Trump  —   I’’ve think they’’re understood . " ’ ’Rubio has not endorsed Trump , but Donald Trump   has said ’ ’Rubio will support ’ ’Rubio ’Trump is not the only one in recent days to urge Rubio to run for reelection . At a    lunch Thursday , Mitch McConnell , the Senate majority leader , suggested that other GOP senators should push Rubio to   Rubio to run , the Associated Press reported.’ ’Sen . Bob Corker of Tennessee also issued a public statement calling Rubio a " Rubio valuable member of the Senate " and revealing that he had asked Rubio to change Rubio mind.’ ’Donald Rubio wants Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . .. ’ 
 