Washington ( CNN ) White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said Sunday there was no collusion between anyone involved in President Donald Trump ’s 2016 campaign and Russian officials .   Priebus , in an interview with Fox News’ Chris Wallace , also offered the closest thing to an official timeline for former national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s firing , who was asked to resign after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about Chris Wallace conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak about US sanctions before Trump took office . The time frame Priebus laid out , however , leaves The time frame Priebus unclear exactly when Vice President Mike Pence was told former national security adviser Michael Flynn had misled former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Priebus said    Attorney General Sally Yates informed White House counsel Don McGahn on January 26 about former national security adviser Michael Flynn talks with the Russian ambassador .   " The next day or the day after , the investigation was closed and no longer going on , " Priebus Priebus . " Then the issue shifted to whether or not something was done that was wrong . The vice president was then looped in on this situation , and we talked to the The vice president whether or not Michael former national security adviser Michael Flynn being honest or not . The vice president knew The vice president an FBI interview . And ultimately , we decided after about 10 days we bringing the vice president in , that The vice president he was n’t being honest we That is The vice president timeline . It happened very quickly . " Two administration officials have told CNN , however , that Pence did not we Flynn misled former national security adviser Michael Flynn until February 9 . Priebus also complained The vice president the use of anonymous sources in news stories about contact between Trump campaign officials and Russian officials during the 2016 presidential race , saying intelligence leaders have told him those reports are " complete garbage . The vice president   When Wallace asked Priebus who in the intelligence community The vice president told Priebus that , Priebus said , " I The vice president not going Priebus tell you . I ca n’t tell you that . "   Wallace replied : " Wait a minute , The vice president . You just complained about unnamed sources . You ’re using an unnamed source . "   " Well , because I did n’t ask for approval to use their name , " Priebus said . " But I will tell Priebus this : When I say    people , I mean    people , OK ? "   Priebus    that Wallace was " going bananas Priebus with his The vice president of questioning and called the questions The vice president ridiculous . " 
 