’   ’ "    Five people were killed in a mass shooting in the   of Terminal 2 at Florida ’s Fort Lauderdale International    Airport just before 1 p. m. on Friday , the Broward Sheriff ’s    office said , adding that eight people   to the hospital from Florida’s Fort Lauderdale International   Airport . " ’   ’ "    NBC ’s Pete Williams reported that Santiago had signed up to serve    in the National Guard in August 2016 and had been living in    Alaska . He Pete Williams born in New Jersey , Williams Pete Williams , and his Pete Williams family was originally from Puerto Rico . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tBREAKING : Photos of alleged Fort Lauderdale Airport shooter Esteban Santiago , law enforcement sources tell CBS    ’ ’    The suspect was apparently receiving some form of psychological    treatment while in Alaska ,   which cited the suspect’ ’s    brother , Bryan Santiago . He The suspect the newswire service that his The suspect family received a call " in recent months " from the suspect’ ’s    girlfriend who informed them his   family the situation . ’ ’    He The suspect not specify what type of treatment the suspect may been    receiving . ’ "    Santiago , who was born in New Jersey but grew up in Puerto    Rico , served in Puerto Rico ’s National Guard and was    .   " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Santiago apparently flew in to Fort Lauderdale from Anchorage ,    Alaska via   . Paul on Delta , according to NBC . ’ ’    He   he He in the shooting in his He    and , upon claiming his He at baggage claim , went into the    bathroom to load it the   bathroom   . He He came out shooting . ’ ’ ’    Transportation Security Administration allows passengers to    transport unloaded firearms in a locked ,    container " as    checked baggage only , " according to its website . The Transportation Security Administration ’    " Only the passenger should retain the key or combination to the    lock " on the container , the guidelines state , and the firearm    must be declared " ’ ’    LaMarca   soon after the shooting that the gunman had    arrived at the Fort Lauderdale airport on a Canadian flight , but    Air Canada said on Twitter that it had "   Air Canada record of a passenger    by the name Esteban Santiago , or checked guns , on any of our    flights to Fort Lauderdale . Fort Lauderdale ’    All    ’ ’    Video released from inside the baggage claim area appears to show    the aftermath of the shooting at Terminal 2 . A witness   that the gunman shot several people " " as    they waited for their several people . ’ several people   ’ ’ ’ ’Video released from inside Fort Lauderdale airport baggage Fort Lauderdale ’ ’    A witness to the shooting shared a graphic photo on Twitter that    showed a man bleeding on the lower level of the airport . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tShots fired at FLL airport . Guy is bleeding profusely . Supposedly others are shot on the lower level at Delta Term 2 .   ’ ’    Florida Gov. Rick Scott traveled to the airport to be briefed the airport the attack . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio tweeted that Florida is " praying    for Florida Sen. Marco Rubio victims and everyone at the   airport . . " the airport Donald Trump tweeted that he is " m ’ ’   ’ Florida Sen. Marco Rubio    The Federal Aviation Authority issued a ground stop for all    flights at Fort Lauderdale airport , one of the country ’s busiest    transport hubs . The airport is in South Florida ’s Broward the airport    about 30 miles north of Miami . " ’   ’ 
 