Donald J. Trump explicitly acknowledged for the first time during Sunday ’s debate that Donald J. Trump used a $ 916 million loss that Donald J. Trump reported on Donald J. Trump 1995 income tax returns to avoid paying personal federal income taxes for years . Donald J. Trump ’s response   —    " Of course I do . Of course I do "   —    was the fullest the wealthy developer had provided since The New York Times reported   that he Donald J. Trump declared the a $916 million loss that he reported on his 1995 income tax returns to avoid paying personal federal income taxes for years and that the tax deduction could have been large enough to allow him Donald J. Trump avoid federal income taxes for up to 18 years . Previously he Donald J. Trump declined to comment on the documents , issuing a statement that neither challenged nor confirmed the $ 916 million loss . Asked directly during the debate if he Donald J. Trump say how many years he Donald J. Trump avoided paying federal income taxes , Mr. Trump responded , " No . " But at the same time , he asserted Mr. Trump he paid Mr. Trump hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes , " calling it a " simple " thing . " I pay tax , and I pay federal tax , too , " he said Mr. Trump Unless Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , releases his tax Mr. Trump , it is impossible to determine exactly how he has Mr. Trump his taxes Mr. Trump what he has Mr. Trump over the years . If he does Mr. Trump make his taxes his taxes he will Mr. Trump the first    presidential candidate in four decades not to do so . Though the issue has been overshadowed in recent days by a recording of Mr. Trump ’s lewd comments about women , his refusal to Mr. Trump his tax returns Mr. Trump —    and the possibility that he had not Mr. Trump federal income taxes for years   —    has emerged as a central issue in the campaign . During the debate , Mr. Trump appeared Mr. Trump some light on his approach to taxes Mr. Trump saying that he knew more about Mr. Trump tax code than any other presidential candidate in history . " I have a   . A lot of it is depreciation , a   is a wonderful charge , " he said . " Mr. Trump love depreciation . " But as Mr. Trump explained his Mr. Trump situation , Mr. Trump tried to make the Mr. Trump that his Democratic opponent , Hillary Mr. Trump , was among those responsible for the tax code that enabled him to get benefits . Mr. Trump She has given it to us , " he said . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump went on Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s wealthy allies . " Many of her friends took bigger deductions , She he said . " Warren Buffett Mr. Trump a massive deduction . " Mrs. Clinton , though , contended Mrs. Clinton’s Trump provided an example of Mr. Trump to change in the tax code   —    saying he was among the people who " paid Warren Buffett in taxes , zero for our vets , zero for our military , zero for health and education our That is wrong . " She proposed a tax on people who make Mrs. Clinton’s than $ 5 million , calling it the " Buffett rule . " In a tax on people who make more than $5 million Trump ’s case , what is clear is that he derived remarkable tax benefits from the financial Mr. Trump’s he left behind in the early 1990s through Mr. Trump’s of three Atlantic City casinos , his    foray into the airline business and Mr. Trump’s    purchase of the Plaza Hotel in       Simply put , the organization is in dire financial straits , " New Jersey casino regulators concluded after reviewing his business balance sheet woes in 1990 . The 1995 tax documents , which were anonymously mailed to a New York Times reporter , were the first page of a New York State resident income tax return , the first page of a New Jersey nonresident tax the first page of a New York State resident income tax return ’s The 1995 tax documents, which were anonymously mailed to a New York Times reporter federal return . Mr. Trump was correct when he said he benefited from a provision that had been used by other wealthy families . Known as net operating loss , it allows Mr. Trump of deductions , business Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump estate depreciation , losses from the sale of business assets and even operating losses to flow from the balance a provision that had been used by other wealthy families of those partnerships , limited liability companies and S corporations onto the personal tax returns of people like Mr. Trump . In turn , those losses can be used to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income . With a $ 916 million net operating loss in 1995 , Mr. Trump could have avoided paying more than $ 50 million a year in taxable income over 18 years . Mr. Trump appears to have embraced other elements of the Mr. Trump . In 1991 , he lobbied federal lawmakers to relax tax rules that he claimed had strangled the real Mr. Trump . And in less than two years , as part of a    budget deal Mr. Trump Congress passed a set of provisions sought by Mr. Trump that could have helped Mr. Trump avoid large tax bills linked to his enormous debt racked up by the early 1990s , while also allowing him to spin other real estate losses into valuable offsets on Mr. Trump earnings in licensing , television and other Mr. Trump . One provision allowed real estate investors with highly leveraged properties to Mr. Trump forgiveness of their bank loans without paying taxes on the Mr. Trump , in exchange for giving up other tax benefits . Another allowed them to apply some real estate losses against other kinds of income real estate investors with highly leveraged properties While details of Mr. Trump ’s income taxes and any deductions are scarce , limited details are contained in government exchange for giving up other tax benefits that have been unearthed during his campaign . For example , Mr. Trump paid more than $ 71 , 000 in federal income taxes on about $ 218 , 000 of taxable income earned from 1975 to 1977 Mr. Trump’s according to a 1981 report Mr. Trump’s fitness for a casino license . During the next two years , 1978 and 1979 , he paid no taxes , the report said . Mr. Trump also avoided paying any federal income Mr. Trump’s in 1984 , tax court records show . With his Atlantic City casinos in financial trouble Mr. Trump’s 1991 and 1993 , a 1981 report assessing his fitness for a casino license reports show Mr. Trump’s claimed losses that would have allowed him to avoid paying income taxes in those years . Voters Mr. Trump’s recent polls have shown interest in Mr. Trump ’s taxes . A CBS    York Times Mr. Trump’s last month showed that 59 percent Mr. Trump’s respondents said it was necessary for him to release his tax returns . Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump’s release his taxes while he is facing an audit from the Internal Revenue Service . " I pay hundreds of millions of dollars Mr. Trump’s taxes , Mr. Trump’s , but as Mr. Trump’s my routine audit Mr. Trump’s finished I ’ll Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s taxes Mr. Trump’s " he said . " I ’ll be very proud to . " 
 Mr. Trump’s 