  ( CNN ) Call  (CNN) a    alliance . After spending much of this year berating each other after Turkey shot down a Russian jet over the    border , the two governments are suddenly the " honest brokers " of a ceasefire in Syria     one that is designed to lead to political negotiations . The United States , which has long championed the stuttering diplomatic process on resolving the Syrian conflict , is nowhere to be seen . The ceasefire     negotiated between Russia , Turkey and the Syrian government as well as Iran and Syrian rebel groups supported by Turkey explicitly excludes factions deemed by the United Nations Security Council as " terrorists . " This rules out the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) and Jabhat Fateh    the former al Qaeda affiliate in Syria that used to be known as Jabhat   . Russian President Vladimir Putin declared that the ceasefire was only the first step , with other documents signed on enforcing the truce and beginning peace talks . The Syrian military promised to cease operations nationwide at midnight Thursday .   Here ’s how the deal looks . Russia , Turkey in driving seat , Russian and Turkey Turkey now driving what had been a    political process . Each is responsible for bringing its Turkey allies into the a   political process the Russians will bring the Assad regime on board and the Turks as many moderate factions as they can the Russians or cajole . Both sides the Russians rapid timeline , with the Turkish Foreign Ministry saying the Assad regime and Assad would meet soon in Kazakhstan , according to Turkish state media . Plenty can still go wrong , and recent history gives little cause for optimism .   Putin acknowledged that " all the agreements reached are very fragile . " Turkish Foreign Minister Turkish Cavusoğlu said Thursday that details on how to monitor the ceasefire and apply sanctions against those who breached it were still the ceasefire worked out . And he insisted there Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoğlu be no direct negotiations between Turkey and the Syrian government . But the intent is clear : peel off moderate rebel groups from the tacit alliances they have formed moderate rebel groups radical Islamist groups in parts of Syria . Then crush the militant groups excluded from the process . And this is where , inevitably , things get complicated .   The Russian Defense Ministry said influential Islamist groups such as Ahrar    and Jaysh    have signed up to the process . the process Syrian army has asserted that groups linked to Fateh    of which Ahrar    has been the most prominent , will be excluded from the deal . One source in Ahrar    which receives Ahrar    from Turkey , acknowledged that it is involved in the One source in Ahrar   which receives extensive support from Turkey . But late Thursday the group said on its Twitter feed that it the group has reservations about the group proposed agreement " and had not yet signed . Its ultimate decision will be the group . If Ahrar does sign up , Jabhat Fateh    will be isolated and vulnerable .   Obama administration ignored , The timing of the deal is critical . The    entente has exploited the political transition in Washington , ignoring the Obama administration in its Obama administration betting that the The   entente administration will accept a process Obama administration .   Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has already issued the invitation .   " I would like to express the hope that as soon as the administration of Donald Trump takes office , they will also be able to join these efforts , " he said during a meeting with Putin in Moscow Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov Sergey Aleksashenko at the Brookings Institution says " Trump may believe that there is n’t a clear Donald Trump at this point , since the Syrian opposition has not been able to unify or put forward a single leader . " The    has expressed doubts about the reliability of Sergey Aleksashenko at the Brookings Institution previously supported by the Obama administration and suggested his administration would consider joining Russia in the battle against the Obama administration Syria . Why Turkey embraced Russia , The critical event in bringing about the new entente Russia Moscow and Ankara was the fall of Aleppo . The Assad regime     along with its Russian and Iranian sponsors     turned the tide of the Turkey war in seizing complete control of the largest city , or what remained of it . Rebel groups     some of them supported by Turkey the largest city the Gulf States     retreated in Rebel groups     . Their evacuation was negotiated between Russia and Turkey .   Vladimir some of them supported by Turkey and the Gulf States     held all the best cards , Turkey it seems that Ankara decided to cash in its chips . It was not abandoning its allies among the Ankara factions , Ankara refocusing its efforts Ankara creating a " " region in northern Syria Ankara In the process President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has sought to kill two birds with one stone .   Turkey has long been exasperated by US support for the Syrian Kurdish militia known as the YPG . " Up to now , the US has given weapons to the YPG , full stop , " Cavusoğlu said Thursday .   Washington sees the YPG as its battering ram against ISIS in northern Syria the YPG sees it the YPG a terror organization intimately linked to its own Kurdish insurgents Turkey the PKK . A CNN team inside Turkey Syria earlier this year saw plenty of evidence of those links northern Syria northern Syria posters of the PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan in many    towns . The United States has denied supplying the YPG with weapons but says it provides tactical support to the Syrian Democratic Forces , the umbrella group The United States which the YPG is the main component . One sign of the new cooperation the YPG and Turkey is the introduction of Russian air power this week to help groups allied to Turkey rid the strategic town of Al Bab in northern Syria of ISIS fighters Turkey Another is the establishment of a hotline to monitor breaches of the new ceasefire .   Assad remains a hurdle , The    axis may be a marriage of convenience , and there are some major hurdles to overcome . Turkey wants the Lebanese Shia militia Hezbollah     a key military supporter of the Turkey regime     out of Syria . That will not sit well with Iran , which is also sponsoring the ceasefire process .   Nor has Turkey abandoned its    goal that President Bashar al Assad must step down . Turkey also Turkey the position of the Free Syrian Army , whose representative Abu Zeid said Thursday : " The fact that the negotiations are based on Geneva 1 [ the    peace process ] means that there is no place for Assad in Syria ’s future . " In addition , some fighters with Islamist President Bashar al Assad     especially in Ahrar       may opt to join the resistance rather than lay down their arms . And the Gulf states     especially Qatar and Saudi Arabia     some fighters with Islamist groups    especially in Ahrar       decide to double down on their support for groups opposed to negotiations .   Abu Zeid , who took the Gulf states    especially Qatar and Saudi Arabia     in the negotiations on behalf of the opposition , insisted Thursday : " Our message to the Syrian population is that our fingers will remain on the trigger . " But the truth is that Our and political opposition to the Syrian regime , shorn of its support from Ankara , has rarely been weaker since the uprising against Bashar the Syrian regime began five years ago . And the most influential actors on the ground in Syria     Russia , Turkey , Iran and the Syrian regime     are , for now , all on the same page .  
 