’   ’ ’    Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   before the House and    Senate intelligence committees in exchange for immunity , as The    Wall Street Journal first reported Thursday . ’ "    The committees are investigating Russia ’s interference in last    year ’s US election , and both have asked to interview members of    President Donald Trump ’s inner circle who may have relevant    information about whether any collusion occurred between the   President Donald Trump campaign and the Kremlin . " "    Flynn ’s potential ties to Russia have been of particular interest    to the committees because of his    with Russia Russia       to the US , Sergey Kislyak , that eventually led to his    ouster . " ’    Flynn’ ’s lawyer released a statement saying " discussions between       for General Flynn and the House and Senate intelligence    committees " about possible immunity had been ongoing , but some    congressional officials have already disputed that claim . ’ ’    The House Intelligence Committee " had a preliminary conversation    with Michael Flynn’ ’s lawyer about arranging for Flynn to speak to    the committee , " Jack Langer , a spokesman for the committee’ ’s    chairman , Rep. Devin Nunes , said in a statement . " The discussions    did not include immunity or other possible conditions for his       . " ’ ’    The Senate Intelligence Committee has apparently already turned       Flynn’ ’s request : Immunity is " not on the table " at the    moment , a senior congressional official . ’ ’    Perhaps more significant , Flynn has also made his Flynn to the    Department of Justice , The Journal and NBC have reported .       , analysts have said , only the DOJ   —    which oversees the    FBI   —    would be able to give Flynn Flynn immunity should it real immunity determine that his Flynn is both valuable and inaccessible    by other means or sources . ’ ’    " Keep in mind Congress usually offers ’’ use immunity ’’ ( to not use    statement ) and not immunity from prosecution , " Susan Hennessey , a    former National Security Agency lawyer , . ’ "    Flynn ’s push for immunity has suggested to some that he thinks he he    have information relevant to the broader investigation ,       could take the focus off himself    " ’    Juliette Kayyem , a CNN    analyst who lectures at    Harvard’ ’s Kennedy School , said that while " we don’’t know what    Flynn offered , " his   Flynn alone was " significant " and made him   Flynn the first in Trump’ ’s " inner circle to turn his   Flynn on them . " ’ ’    The House committee’ ’s ranking Democrat , Rep. Adam Schiff , said in    a statement Friday that while the committee would discuss the       with its    counterpart , it    " deeply mindful    of the interests of the Department of Justice . " ’ ’    So far , Flynn’ ’s public confirmation that he’ ’s seeking immunity    suggests that the FBI has successfully backed him into a corner ,    even without the " story " his him has said Flynn is eager to       . ’ ’    Glenn Carle , a former CIA operative who worked closely with the the FBI his the FBI as him intelligence officer , said the " bureau    does nobody any favors . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s conceivable that Flynn is innocent Flynn " Carle said . " But the    FBI the FBI , and has sources everywhere . So    assuming Flynn is asking for immunity Flynn he thinks he did    Flynn wrong Flynn and    to save his own ass , the Flynn will    probably say , ’’    , but no   —    why should we do you a favor the bureau    we don’’t even need    the bureau ? ’’ " ’ ’   ’ ’    Alex Whiting , a Harvard Law School professor ,   that Flynn’ ’s " ploy feels    desperate " and indicated that he " may not have much to offer . " ’ ’    " Flynn’ ’s lawyer may have Flynn’ at a minimum the public    offer would help change the atmospherics around his client , which    could Flynn’’s lawyer him at a future stage , Flynn’’s lawyer Whiting wrote . ’ ’    But " the very fact that Flynn ’s lawyer is making a play for    immunity at this stage suggests that he has some fear that his Flynn’s lawyer client faces real criminal Flynn’s lawyer    " he added . ’ ’    his   client about whether Flynn ran afoul of the law Flynn’s accepting    payments from foreign governments , while he still had US security    Flynn’s , have been piling up in recent weeks as reports    continue to surface about his    for both Russia and Flynn’s   —      the extent of which , in some cases , he failed to immediately    disclose Flynn’s the DOJ .    "    Flynn ’s lobbying firm , Flynn Intel Group , lobbied on behalf of a    Turkish businessman with ties to the Turkish government    throughout the latter half of 2016 . But Flynn   with the    Department of Justice only late last month . " "    Flynn was also paid $ 33 ’ "   Flynn 000 to speak at a gala in Moscow honoring    Russia ’s    news agency , Russia Today , in December    Russia . Top Democratic lawmakers    that the Defense Department review    whether that speaking engagement violated the emoluments clause    of the US Constitution . Flynn sat next to Russian President ’ "   Flynn Vladimir Putin at the gala dinner . " ’   ’ "    Earlier that year , Russia ’s top cybersecurity company , Kaspersky ,    and the Russian charter cargo airline    Airlines     for different speaking    engagements . " ’    His questionable ties to Russia were Russian President   Vladimir Putin limited to the Russia    after his departure from the agency . Russian President   Vladimir Putin on Friday morning that    the FBI and the CIA were examining his contact in 2014 with a      national , Svetlana Lokhova , who " has claimed to    have unique access " to the GRU , Russia ’s military spy agency . ’ ’    Flynn did not disclose his initial conversation with her , Flynn the    email Flynn that followed , to the US government , according to    The Guardian . ’ ’    Flynn’ ’s spokesman , Price Floyd , called the story " false " in a    statement and said Flynn’ ’s contact with Lokhova was Flynn’ incidental . " ’ "    But the Justice Department has clearly taken notice . A joint    investigation among the FBI , the CIA , the NSA , and the Treasury    Department into Flynn ’s communications with Kislyak are what    ultimately led to his ouster    And the DOJ    former No . 2   —    Deputy    Attorney General Sally Yates   —    reportedly warned the White House    in January that Flynn could be vulnerable to Russian Flynn . " ’    " The wheels of bureaucracy have clearly started to turn , " said    Carle , the former CIA officer . " And when the CIA do , they tend to Carle, the former CIA officer grind up Carle, the former CIA officer in their path . " ’ ’Former Carle, the former CIA officer Security Adviser Michael Flynn . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 