Former Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma joined host Stephen K. Bannon on Thursday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to offer Stephen K. Bannon assessment of the 2016 Republican primary field , and discuss Stephen K. Bannon endorsement of Senator Marco Rubio in the Republican primary .   Stephen K. Bannon said Senator Marco Rubio was the most " trustworthy " and electable of the candidates , while Cruz has difficulty getting things done and would have too much difficulty winning support from voters who did n’t wholeheartedly agree with Stephen K. Bannon ideas , and Stephen K. Bannon dismissed Trump as a " carnival barker . " [ Despite Senator Marco Rubio perilous standing in the polls , on the eve of the crucial     contest in his Senator Marco Rubio state of Florida , Coburn Senator Marco Rubio convinced he Senator Marco Rubio the strongest candidate for the general election .   " I look at a person ’s heart , I look at how they voted , I look at whether I know them they not   …      and I ’m out to win , " said Coburn Senator Marco Rubio   " Here ’s one thing I know without a doubt : that if Marco Rubio is our candidate , we our .   I do n’t think you can say that about anybody else for sure . " " Now , I love Ted Cruz ’s positions , " Coburn Senator Marco Rubio .   " I ’m ’m him Ted Cruz but I ’m ’m with his Ted Cruz .   And Marco Marco Rubio not far away from his Ted Cruz .   As a matter of fact , most of his his positions the same .   So the question is , who can win ?   And here ’s what people decide on : Can I see into somebody ’s heart , and can I trust them ? people And I believe the American people , if Marco Marco Rubio the Republican nominee , we ’d win the American people hands down . " When Coburn said that he looked for Coburn candidates who reflected not just his political beliefs Coburn but his entire philosophy Coburn life , including the ability to work with people and achieve satisfactory compromises , Bannon zeroed in Coburn his major complaint Coburn Ted Cruz : the Texas senator Coburn with Senate colleagues . " I think Ted ’s right on almost every issue , " said Coburn .   " But it ’s not enough to be right .   You have to be effective .   You have to get it done .   And it sometimes you have to compromise a little bit , to move other people to be with you .   And when you ’re not compromisable , it makes it very difficult for people who want to get something done to come with you .   You can you be at the table , or not be at the table .   There the table question Ted ’s right on issues Ted but if you do n’t bring people along with you , you do n’t get it done . " Bannon noted Coburn ’s trustworthy reputation , and asked a tough question about Rubio : did n’t the Florida senator ’s participation in the Gang of Eight immigration fiasco leave many voters unable to trust him ? Coburn was convinced such Rubio would Coburn their trust in Rubio if they such voters to know Rubio better such voters   He noted Rubio he personally opposed Coburn Gang of Coburn plan , insisting that border security had to be achieved before any other steps could be taken toward comprehensive immigration reform , and said Rubio learned that lesson " the Rubio way . "   He stressed that making mistakes should Coburn cause someone to be regarded as untrustworthy . " I do n’t think he was dishonest , " Coburn Coburn of Rubio ’s participation in the Gang Rubio .   " I think he was    in trying to Coburn a problem for the American people .   And he was wrong   —    Coburn like McCain was wrong before him .   You know , Coburn you ask John McCain now , ‘ How do McCain the problem on the border,’ he says you ’ve got to secure the McCain before you can ever gain the American people ’s trust .   Go ask him that , that ’s what he ’ll McCain you .   And that McCain what Marco will tell you , too . " Coburn did not speak highly of Donald Trump , although he recognized Trump ’s appeal as a    Coburn against a toxic political class , and said the American people were " right on " in their disdain for the system .    He the American people voters to choose their champion against Coburn system carefully , and voters Trump ’s the system too vague , or too often revised , to inspire his trust . " I do n’t know Coburn he represents .   I do n’t think Coburn knows what he represents , " Coburn complained .   Coburn We ’ve heard the superlatives : we ’re going to make it better , we We going to have jobs , jobs , We .   Well , how , why , when ?   How do you do that ?   We ’re going to build a wall and make We pay for it   —    how do you do that a wall " He said that did n’t necessarily make Trump a " bad guy , " but he wanted to see the " meat " of He ’s plans . " To me , right Trump , he reminds me of a carnival barker , " He Coburn . " Come on in , come on in and buy this . So tell me what I ’m buying !   That ’s what I want to see . "    To voters attracted by Trump ’s populist message , Coburn said : " Trump .   Ask the Coburn before you buy .   If you go to buy a car , you actually open the hood and say , ‘ Is there an engine under here?’ And what I ’d say is , make sure you open the hood .   I ’m not saying he does the hood it , but ’m has n’t shared the hood with us . the hood You can the hood to the full the hood with Tom Coburn below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Coburn 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . 
 