  ( CNN ) It ’s been 25 years since Jessica , Penny and Lisa marched together in Washington . Jessica, Penny and Lisa marched together in Washington were college roommates when Jessica, Penny and Lisa marched together in Washington demonstrated for women ’s rights in 1992 .    Now Jessica, Penny and Lisa marched together in Washington are    working mothers , living in different cities     and discovering that planning a reunion is n’t as easy as it used to be . Jessica, Penny and Lisa marched together in Washington had n’t seen each other for more than four years . Then the election happened . " I keep thinking about some of the incidents that happened in the run up to the election with Donald Trump and some of the footage , and just some of the appalling , appalling ways that we have evidence that Donald Trump treats women , " said Jessica Sisto . Sitting at Jessica Sisto San Francisco kitchen table , Jessica Sisto grabs Jessica Sisto head in frustration .   In Chicago , Jennifer " Penny " Martinand shares those feelings . " I had to turn off CNN for three days after the election to cleanse . It was pure horror . " ’It feels important to do something’ Lisa Levine , a mother of two and a financial lawyer living in lower Manhattan , could n’t agree more .   " The levels of sexism and racism are disheartening     and examples have come out so openly now with incidents like swastikas in schools , " she said . " It feels important to do something . " And so , between day jobs and play dates , they decided it was time to march again .   " In our 20s you have a bit more hope , but now you ’re fighting more for something being taken away from you , " Martinand said . A teacher and mother of a son and two daughters , she feels she ’s doing it not just for she , but for the next generation . " My     will be able to vote next time , I have to go and speak out and show a good example , " she added . " I ’m going down there to lead by example , fight for what I believe in and raise good sons , " Levine said . Sisto , an executive coach and leadership consultant , is flying from the West Coast to see she friends and make she voice heard . she also feels she ’s partly marching for she     daughter . " I ’ll be really happy that I could tell her    daughter someday that I went there , that I felt that passionately about this women ’s rights cause that I went . " The marchers reunite , Back in 1992 , the three best friends from Rutgers College , New Jersey , got on a 4 a. m. bus to participate in a women ’s rights march in Washington .   The Supreme Court case Planned Parenthood v. Casey was threatening to overturn Roe v. Wade , challenging Pennsylvania ’s statutory provisions regarding abortion .   " Being 22 and unaware , I remember I was inspired seeing parents with strollers , men , women and children and so many people holding signs , " Sisto recalled . " It did n’t take much planning , we did n’t put much thought to it It just hopped on the bus , " Martinand added . They mostly remember the crowds and the signs , and feeling " large and small at the same time , " Levine said . " I felt like I ’m just one person in a sea of people but at the same time it felt very powerful . " They all agree that the progressive and politically active environment in Rutgers , as well as essays they They all on gender issues , helped affirm the significance of having a choice over their They all body , and prompted them They all protest . The Supreme Court ultimately upheld the basic ruling of Roe v. Wade , and the three women remained good friends , meeting again over the years for weddings and vacations . Recreating the past , looking to the future , In their puffy 90s clothes , three young women are smiling timidly in the old photo , the National Museum of Natural History in the background .   Two and a half decades later , they Two and a half decades stand in the exact same pose , and with a big laugh recreate the picture . Except now they Two and a half decades much less hopeful . " Sadly , I feel that not much has changed in 25 years , " Levine said . " There was a time between then and now where I thought we were making progress but one of the things that was clear to me from the election cycle was that not much has changed . " Martinand is not sure they Martinand achieve anything tangible by marching , but maintains it Martinand important to fight for equality . " If you stay quiet , it will be harder to change things as it gets more set in , " she Martinand . " I hope there will be more awareness about the work that is left to do for women ’s rights and equality , " Sisto Martinand . " I think there are so many women that do n’t even realize that things could be different for them things They things tolerate things like sexual harassment , or assume they things get paid less and that ’s just how it is . And it it n’t have to be that way . " Nonetheless , the three women hope that the nationwide marches will be " one of many actions of resistance that will bring about change . " 
 