’’ ’Tesla is preparing for ’Tesla biggest year ever.’ " In the next six months , ’Tesla will launch the $ 35 , 000 Model 3    car , and , over the course of 2017 , the investment community will find out whether Elon Musk ’s company can live up to Elon Musk’s company new business model as a vertically integrated energy firm , after Elon Musk’s company 2016 acquisition of SolarCity for $ 2 billion . " ’The stakes are high for the company and ’The stakes $ 40 billion market cap . On Wall Street , the bear case for Tesla indicated that Tesla stock could plummet to $ 50 from the current level of about $ 250 . the bear case for Tesla suggests that $ 500 per share could be in the cards.’ " Such a wide disparity has driven wild volatility in Tesla ’s Tesla over the past two years . And to call it disparity really does investors a disservice . It ’s actually it over whether Tesla can be Tesla successful    conglomerate or settle into a modest role as a provider of luxury electrified transportation . " ’This year will be critical to Tesla matching bullish Tesla , or trimming itself back and ’This year the bear case take hold.’ ’So there are two scenarios that could play out : best and worst.’ ’The bad news first.’ " Let ’s explore what happens if everything goes wrong for Tesla in 2017 . " " The biggest risk is that the Model 3 launch is delayed . A delayed launch in and of itself would n’t be a signal that actual volume production of the Model 3 the Model 3   —    Tesla could launch Tesla car in 2018 and play    at the factory   —    but it would be a sign that all the positive indications we ’ve gotten so far about the timing of launch were misleading . " ’If the 3 is delayed , the next question is " for how long ? " The Model X SUV arrived three years late . The Model 3 won’’t be that late , but any significant lag   —    say , six months or more   —    would mean that Tesla would be forced to ask some percentage of the 373 , 000 preorder customers to wait . Tesla also wouldn’’t be able Tesla the revenue , which could add up to billions.’ " Two quarters of delays would mean awkward exchanges on earnings calls with Wall Street analysts . Musk and his team have already concluded that billions.’ " Street does n’t have much of a clue about what the company is all about , so the exchanges themselves would be less troubling than the negative research notes and downgrades to ratings and target prices that would push shares below $ 200 and damage Tesla ’s ability to finance itself through capital raises , of Tesla equity or convertible debt . " " That situation could compel Tesla to further draw on its Tesla of credit . There Tesla no point in sitting on the money when you ’re trying to change the world , but it ’s worth remembering that Tesla Tesla added $ 3 billion Tesla SolarCity debt to its balance sheet   —    Tesla that will need to be serviced . " " What we can see is a cascade of terrible stuff that would undermine Tesla ’s relatively monumental ambitions . Tesla now    balance sheet , it could put the company under a    amount of Tesla . I do n’t think bankruptcy would be on the table without a cataclysmic economic or political event that lays waste to the entire auto sector , but Musk would have to pull way back , perhaps abandoning the 3 and focusing on the S and the X , in the process becoming a niche luxury carmaker rather than a    purveyor of clean mobility . " " Other stuff could go wrong . The fatal Autopilot accident in 2016 sent Tesla into a deep soul search , before the company decided that it needed to stay Tesla on its autonomous Tesla . There could be a massive Tesla ( Tesla has already dealt with several modest ones ) Tesla The Trump administration could withdraw support for electric vehicles , which could add $ 7 , 500 to the price tag of every Tesla sold ( that ’s the current federal tax Tesla ) . " ’But the worst of the    scenario centers on the Model 3 and its delay or failure.’ ’Now the good news . the Model 3 if Tesla does everything right in 2017?’ " That outcome Tesla with launching the Model 3 before the end of the year the Model 3 a     chance that Tesla will launch the car sooner than expected , Tesla that does n’t mean they ’ll be delivering 5 , 000 a month before 2017 closes out . " " More likely , volume production wo n’t happen until    or later . But an    launch will have huge symbolic effect and could send Tesla shares surging past $ 300 for the first Tesla . " " Tesla could jump ahead on the    front , Tesla Autopilot to beat competitors such as General Motors and Ford to market by years . After 2016 ’s fatal Autopilot accident , Tesla has doubled down on the technology and is Tesla building the hardware into every new vehicle . " " Musk & Co. could unveil a host of new vehicles and stoke media interest in the brand . A crossover SUV   —    think smaller Model X   —    is already planned , the Model Y. And Musk has hinted at a pickup and a semi , not Musk & Co. mention a revamped Roadster , Tesla ’s original car , production of which as Tesla a few years back . Teslas are bonkers fast , so serving up a proper sports car would delight the company ’s most passionate fans . " " Tesla could also begin to establish its Tesla Network Tesla    options and lay the Tesla for ride hailing , providing some parity with Uber and Lyft and bringing Tesla into a Silicon Valley business that it ’s Tesla missed out on so far . Tesla " Continued expansion of the Gigafactory in Nevada would be a good sign that Tesla ’s energy ambitions can be supported , along Tesla Model 3 production rollout . Both of those would require a lot of     cells . " " And let ’s not overlook SolarCity . Musk has managed to rev up enthusiasm for Tesla ’s solar roof , and an early rollout of Tesla would start to shift the old SolarCity business away from leasing and toward fully purchased solar solutions . That would support Tesla Energy , as many roof customers may want to buy a storage battery . But it would also help Tesla to start moving some assets off its balance Musk   Tesla    leased SolarCity panels that Tesla Tesla now responsible for . " ’If Tesla achieved most Tesla this , the company would be Tesla Tesla the end of 2017 , Tesla it burned all its cash ( roughly $ 3 billion ) and continued Tesla show no Tesla " The news probably wo n’t be all good or all bad . It will likely be a mix of both . " ’To run it down:’ " The news   Tesla would launch the Model 3 early or as scheduled , but volume Tesla would n’t arrive until late 2018 . The bottom line is that although Tesla is getting better at launching cars , it ’s still struggling to Tesla them in large volumes . —   Tesla stock would find a stable level , absent any big news . After a rally at the beginning of 2017 , shares have fallen back after Tesla declined to offer    guidance on deliveries ( last year was a Tesla , at just under 80 , 000 , and 2017 could come in at something like 000 , but Musk wants 500 , 000 by 2018 ) . With another quarter or two of reporting to come before the Model 3 launch , investors will have opportunities to take profits . There ’s a decent chance that Tesla could dip below $ 200 again before the end of the year Tesla —   The SolarCity issues would be kicked down the road . Model 3 has to be the focus , so Musk will probably take the same the Model 3 with solar roof as he has with Musk Energy : a slow build . That said , investors are Musk to be concerned about how much more debt Tesla is carrying because    companies are n’t supposed to be bogged down Tesla liabilities . —   The Gigafactory would continue to expand . —   Tesla would get more aggressive about competing with Uber and Lyft . Time Tesla a wastin’ and the dominant narrative of    mobility has decisively shifted from electric cars to shared transportation and transportation on demand . —   Autopilot would continue to improve . The technology is already state of the art and nobody else is racking up many    miles . Tesla ’s ingrained network effects and    advantage would start to pay dividends Tesla 2017 . " " On balance , Tesla is under massive pressure to execute in 2017 , but the company Tesla in the best financial position it ever has been . Tesla best nor the worst should come to Tesla . But we ’re going to want to pay attention no matter what . " ’Tesla is preparing for its biggest year ever . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 ’Tesla 