Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) suggests that building a wall and enforcing immigration laws are biblical concepts . [ During his speech at the " Road to Majority " conference in Washington , D. C. on Friday , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) said , " the idea that nations do n’t set laws , establish who can and ca n’t enter , is not biblical in my opinion . " After joking about how there was a wall built in Jerusalem , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) cited the Bible , but did n’t specifically mention presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Donald Trump plan to build a wall along the southern border with Mexico .   The " Road to Majority " conference is a gathering for conservative activists in Washington , D. C. which is hosted by Concerned Women for America and the Faith   Freedom Coalition . " People do n’t feel good about the economy . People do n’t feel good about a lot of issues facing us , " Sessions told the conservative activists , referencing polls . " I think the American people are fundamentally correct and I believe it ’s right and moral and just and biblical " for there to be a lawful system of immigration . Sessions said when America brings in foreign labor , the poor people have wages drop and job prospects decrease . " It ’s hammering good and decent people that need to be able to raise a family , " a family added about the increasing immigration numbers . " We just need to have a fair system that gives people and equal opportunity to apply . " " a family talked about the poor a lot and we should think about that   …     in my view , I ’ve changed . I ’ve supported virtually every trade agreement that ’s come forward , " but says a family now believes the trade deals are n’t serving the American people effectively . " Our competitors , business allies but economic competitors , Our competitors, business allies but economic competitors do n’t operate in the same way Our do , " Sessions explained , saying it ’s not a level playing field . a family also talked about the importance of the court system and the right to free speech . " the court system was set up to allow public discussion , " of ideas and views , Sessions declared , stressing the need for free debate on the important issues facing the country . 
 