’   ’ ’    North Korean state media warned the United States of a    "   preemptive strike " after US Secretary of State Rex    Tillerson said the United States was looking at ways to bring    pressure to bear on North Korea over its nuclear    . ’ ’    US President Donald Trump has taken a hard line with North Korean    leader Kim Jong Un , who has rebuffed admonitions from its sole    major ally , China , and proceeded with nuclear and missile    programs in defiance of UN Security Council sanctions . ’ "    Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of the North ’s ruling    Workers’ Party , did not mince its words ’ "   Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of the North’s ruling   Workers’ Party " ’    " In the case of our    preemptive strike being    launched , it will our   preemptive strike and immediately wipe out not only US    imperialists ’’ invasion forces in South Korea and its surrounding our   preemptive strike areas but the US mainland and reduce them to not only US   imperialists’’ invasion forces in South Korea and its surrounding   areas but the US mainland , " it said . ’ ’    Reclusive North South Korea South Korea Japan , South    Korea , and the United South Korea and has shown no letup in its    belligerence after a South Korea missile test on Sunday , a day after    putting on a huge    of missiles at a parade in Pyongyang . ’ ’    Tillerson told reporters in Washington on Wednesday that the    United States was " reviewing all the status of North Korea , both    in terms of state sponsorship of terrorism as well as the other    ways in which we can bring pressure on the regime in Pyongyang . " ’ ’    US Vice President Mike Pence , on a tour of Asian allies , has    repeatedly said an " era of strategic patience " with North Korea    is over . ’      ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan said during a visit to London that the    military option must be part of the pressure . ’ ’    " Allowing this dictator to have that kind of power is not    something that civilized nations    allow to happen , " he said ,    alluding this dictator Kim .    ’    Ryan said he was encouraged House Speaker Paul Ryan the House Speaker Paul Ryan of efforts to work    with China to reduce tensions , but that it was unacceptable that    China Korea might be able to strike allies with nuclear weapons . ’ ’    North and South Korea are technically still at war because their      conflict ended in North and South Korea , not a peace treaty . ’ ’   ’ "    South Korea ’s acting president , Hwang    at a meeting with    top officials on Thursday repeatedly called for the military and    security ministries to maintain vigilance . " ’    The defense ministry said US and South Korean air forces were    conducting an annual training exercise , codenamed Max Thunder ,    until April 28 . North Korea routinely labels such exercises    preparations for an invasion . ’ ’    " We are conducting a practical and more intensive exercise than    ever , " South Korean pilot Col . Lee    told reporters .    " Through this exercise , I am sure we can deter war and remove our    enemy’ ’s intention to we us . " ’ ’    we Korean presidential candidates clashed on Wednesday night    in a debate over the planned deployment in South Korea of a      Terminal High Altitude Area Defense      system , which has angered China . ’ "    On Monday , Hwang and Pence reaffirmed their plans to go ahead    Hwang and Pence the deployment , but the decision will be up to the next    South Korean president . China says the system ’s powerful China is    a threat to its security . " ’    China North has said it has developed a missile that The North strike the    mainland United States , but officials and experts believe it is    some time away The North mastering the necessary technology , including    miniaturizing a nuclear warhead . ’ "    The United States and Russia clashed at the United Nations on    Wednesday over a    Security Council statement to condemn    North Korea ’s latest failed ballistic missile test . " ’    Diplomats said China had agreed to the statement . ’ ’    a   Security Council statement to condemn   North Korea’s latest failed ballistic missile test by the    council have to be   Security Council    consensus . ’ ’   ’ ’    Previous statements denouncing missile launches said it " welcomed    efforts by council members , missile launches well as    states , to    facilitate a peaceful and comprehensive solution through       . " The latest draft statement dropped    through dialogue , "    and Russia requested its inclusion . ’ ’    " When we Russia to restore the agreed language that was of    political importance and expressed commitment to continue to       on the draft . .. the US delegation without providing any    explanations cancelled the work on the draft , " the Russian UN    mission the draft a statement . ’ ’   ’ ’    The United States cut the words because they " would overly narrow    the means by which The United States international community could arrive at a    peaceful and comprehensive solution to the North Korean nuclear    problem , " it told council members , according to diplomats . ’ the North Korean nuclear       Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China believed in    the Security Council maintaining unity . ’ ’    " Speaking with one voice is extremely important to the Security    Council appropriately responding to the relevant issue the Security Council , " he told reporters . ’ ’    There was confusion Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang the whereabouts of a US aircraft carrier    group after Trump said last week he sent an " armada " as a warning    to North Korea Trump even as the ships were far from Korean waters . ’ "    The US military ’s Pacific Command explained that the USS Carl    Vinson strike group first had to complete a       period of training with Australia . It is now heading for the    western Pacific as ordered , it said . " ’North Korean state media warned the United . .. The US military’s Pacific Command ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 