Washington ( CNN ) Former Bush administration official Carlos Gutierrez says Former Bush administration official Carlos Gutierrez will be voting for Hillary Clinton , calling Donald Trump ’s economic policies a " disaster . " The former commerce secretary under President George W. Bush said The former commerce secretary under President George W. Bush looked at the " totality " of the choice between the two candidates and decided on Hillary Clinton .   " I have one resume here for Donald Trump , I have one resume here for Hillary Clinton , and I ’ve chosen this resume one resume here for Hillary Clinton Carlos Gutierrez said , indicating Clinton Hillary Clinton " I think this person , Hillary Hillary Clinton is the best for the country . I ’m not thinking about ( it as ) a Republican , I ’m thinking about ( ’m as ) a US citizen . I think at some point , you have to put the party aside and say what ’s best for the country ? I the country want to live in a society that I think Donald Trump will create . " Gutierrez said Clinton would " make a darned good president " based on her " experience , " Clinton the thought of a Trump presidency makes him " Donald Trump . " Donald Trump Republican is a proponent of free trade , something Trump has been strongly against Donald Trump his candidacy . Gutierrez said Donald Trump the GOP Gutierrez ’s economic policies would be harmful .    " The economy ’s important to me . His plan , Gutierrez love Donald Trump tax cuts , I ’m a Republican , but Gutierrez he has this sort of Donald Trump substitution strategy , which is a strategy like an underdeveloped country , very poor countries think that way , " Gutierrez said . " ( Gutierrez idea ) that we have to substitute our imports . That would we a disaster . " Gutierrez said he believes Clinton Gutierrez during Gutierrez husband ’s presidency that Clinton the budget deficit , as Bill Clinton did in his Clinton , drives economic Clinton .   " I think the one thing the Clintons learned . .. is that budget deficits hinder growth , and that ’s what President Clinton did in his second Clinton is cut the Clinton and that drove the growth the budget deficit ’s learned from that , " Clinton said . Gutierrez added : " Clinton have n’t Clinton an economic concept come out of Trump ’s mouth except for protectionism and lower taxes . If you put those two together , that is a recipe for disaster . " 
 