Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton allies entered the homestretch of the general election in substantially better financial shape than Hillary Clinton and her allies Republican counterparts , enjoying a cash advantage that gives Hillary Clinton another leg up in the race for the White House . New data filed Saturday reveals that Hillary Clinton campaign , party and super PACs sit on a reserve that outpaces those of Donald Trump , warchests that are giving her Hillary Clinton strength on television and battleground states , where Clinton Hillary Clinton a more muscular presence than Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton main super PAC , Priorities USA , said Saturday it Saturday amassed nearly $ 40 million in cash on hand , a staggering amount as of August 1 , with four months until Election Day . Those funds will be critical to turning out the vote in key states , as well as flooding the airwaves with    advertisements . Clinton ’s official campaign , meanwhile , had about $ 58 million on hand , thanks in part to a     performance with    donors . And the Democratic National Committee , which she Clinton for , pulled in $ 32 . 3 million last month and retained $ 10 . 1 million cash on hand . Campaigns reveal funds , Trump ’s allies super PAC did not show substantial reserves and are not currently on pace to keep up with Clinton ’s .   The main Trump group , Rebuilding America Now , is not scheduled to file a campaign finance report this weekend , though the group ’s chief strategist , Ken McKay , told MSNBC this week it MSNBC raised more than $ 10 million this year . A second Trump group , Great America PAC , raised only $ 2 . 4 million this month , much of it MSNBC small donors . And an    PAC , Defeat Crooked Hillary PAC , got $ 2 million more from Bob Mercer , a reclusive    close to Trump ’s new campaign leadership . But the an   PAC month failed to secure any other major donations , hurting its claim an   PAC it is an   PAC of the primary Trump super Trump . His official campaign revealed it raised His official campaign 36 . 7 million in July   —    including $ 2 million from the candidate himself   —    thanks to a new wave of    donors    Trump had Trump 38 . 4 million on hand . The Republican National Committee , which is running much of Trump ’s Trump the states , fared better than its Democratic counterparts Trump holding onto $ 34 . 5 million as of the end of the month . Much of the money held onto by the parties , however , is earmarked for specific tasks and can not be used legally on the presidential campaign specifically . Trump lagging behind , The Trump campaign the presidential campaign month that it had raised $ 64 the presidential campaign in    donations via direct mail and digital fundraising , but the campaign only reported $ the presidential campaign 7 million in total raised . That suggests that the joint fundraising committee that collected the    cash is holding onto some money in reserves   —    data that wo n’t become public for months . Trump spent about $ 20 million less in the month of July than did Clinton , who has poured tens of millions of dollars into advertising since the primaries concluded . The Trump campaign has a significantly smaller Trump than does the Clinton campaign , and Trump The Trump campaign general election Trump this weekend Trump an attempt to catch up in an area where the Clinton campaign has so far completely outspent the The Trump campaign Clinton Democratic donor in particular is reasserting himself as a heavyweight : billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer . Steyer One Democratic donor in particular another $ 7 million to his super PAC , NextGen Climate , last month , raising Steyer total contributions to that group this cycle to over $ Steyer million .   The Clinton supporter struggled to impact the elections in 2012 and 2014 , but he has continued his efforts in this election , with the The Clinton supporter goal of The Clinton supporter action on climate change . Another Clinton backer , former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg , Clinton some of his first 2016 spending by contributing $ 5 million to his The Clinton supporter PAC , Independence USA . Other major    donations The Clinton supporter from perennial Democratic donor Don Sussman , who contributed another $ 3 million to Priorities , and Daniel Abraham , who gave another $ 3 million . Clinton is scheduled to attend a    fundraiser Tuesday at the Hollywood Hills home of Justin Timberlake and his wife , actress Jessica Biel , a source with knowledge Clinton the fundraiser told CNN . Leonardo DiCaprio was supposed to host a   fundraiser but pulled out due to a scheduling conflict .   The event comes as part of a       to California for Clinton the event $ 300 million spent so far , As of the end of July , the Clinton campaign reported to the Federal Election Committee that it had raised almost Clinton 275 million and spent over $ 230 million the Clinton campaign Over the same period , the Trump campaign had raised slightly over $ 91 million and spent just the Clinton campaign million . Not including outside groups , the two campaigns have combined to spend more than $ 300 million so far in this election cycle . Gary Johnson , the Libertarian candidate who needs money badly to advertise to make the first presidential debate , raised only $ 1 . 6 million and had only $ 1 . 2 million on hand . 
 