Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 Republican National Convention . Donald Trump accepts Donald Trump party ’s nomination tonight as Donald Trump delivers Donald Trump    address . Ivanka Trump , Jerry Falwell Jr. RNC Chair Reince Priebus , Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin , and Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) will also be featured .   * * * LISTEN    BREITBART NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION HERE * * * Call in :    . All times eastern .   —      4:45 : Tom Brokaw , who covered the 1976 GOP convention , on MSNBC : Absolutely no comparison between Ted Cruz and Ronald Reagan . 4:25 : End of an era . Start of a new ? : Roger Ailes resigns :    RUPERT MURDOCH :   AILES STEPS DOWN FROM FOXNEWS STAYS ON AS CONSULTANT TO 21ST CENTURY UNTIL 2018   …       —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 21 , 2016 ,     RUPERT MURDOCH AND SONS TO ADDRESS NEWSROOM THIS HOUR ABOUT THE CHANGES   …       —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 21 , 2016 ,   EXCLUSIVE :   LETTER TO   RUPERT MURDOCH FROM AILES   …     https :   .    —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 21 , 2016 ,   4:05 : Chair of Texas delegation : Texans " disappointed " about Cruz ’s speech : Chair of Texas’ RNC delegation just told me " people are very disappointed " about Cruz Cruz    of Trump . https :   .    —    Jacob Soboroff ( @jacobsoboroff ) July 21 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Donald Trump Jr. tells NBC ’s Lester Holt that Trump Trump succeeded because he Lester Holt resonated with and given a voice to Americans who have felt that their Americans have been " suppressed . " 3:57 : Trump Trump movement : This is a MOVEMENT ! # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 21 , 2016 ,   3:50 : Sad ! . @Jacobnbc , live outside # RNCinCLE , reports many groups expecting thousands for planned protests have seen only few hundred show up this week ,   —    Kate Snow ( @tvkatesnow ) July 21 , 2016 ,   2:42 : . @KatyTurNBC has learned from a sr source close to Trump that his @KatyTurNBC will be run through plagiarism software prior to delivery tonight .   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) July 21 , 2016 ,   2:35 : Agitators in Cleveland : Protesters just marched over Hope Memorial Bridge and into fenced area getting as close as they Protesters to the Q. pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) July 21 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Dems . release list of speakers for next week ’s convention : Just in : here are a bunch of the speakers that ’ll be up in Philadelphia next week . Some big names   …      pic . twitter .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 21 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Trump closing in on Clinton in another national poll .   1:30 : Report : Trump Trump Harold Hamm as Energy Secretary . Reuters Select : Trump Trump considering fracking Harold Hamm as Energy Secretary energy secretary : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Reuters Business ( @ReutersBiz ) July 21 , 2016 ,   1:23 : Stage getting prepped for Trump Trump run : Trump about to do a dry run for tonight . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Parker ( @TheRyanParker ) July 21 , 2016 ,   1:15 : Gary Johnson on Cruz : " Vote   your conscience " means vote for me . 1:05 : Gary Johnson on Cruz: " ’s Sunlen Serfaty : Reaction from National Review and Weekly Standard on Cruz ’s speech : Cruz glowing praise " 12:55 : Rudy addressing delegates : Great hearing from such a great Republican leader today . Mayor Rudy Giuliani . # RNCinCLE # RNC2016 pic . twitter .    —    Sen. Jason Rapert ( @jasonrapert ) July 21 , 2016 ,   12:50 : Interesting : On CNN , Maggie Haberman says that Democrats worry that Clinton may be underestimating Trump ’s chances of winning in November . 11:55 : Even the Texas Tribune mocks George Will : . @GeorgeWill says Texas could soon be purple or blue . Man , c’mon https :   .    —    Evan Smith ( @evanasmith ) July 21 , 2016 ,   11:37 : Donald Trump Jr. says he heard last night Donald Trump Jr. donors who wrote Cruz big checks that they will never write Cruz big checks checks ever again Donald Trump Jr. He says Cruz tries Donald Trump Jr. be Cruz " but wanted to be with the Bushes . He says Cruz only Donald Trump Jr. " Cruz when he could n’t get Donald Trump Jr. the establishment because nobody liked him . Trump Jr. Donald Trump Jr. out Donald Trump Jr. does n’t lecture to people like Ted Cruz . 11:35 : Cruz Jr. says on Donald Trump Jr. galvanized people behind Trump . He mocks Cruz for throwing their Trump Donald Trump Jr. the floor in front of people to get publicity . 11:30 : Spicer says the pledge has gone back several election cycles . When asked if Cruz was " selfish " and " reneged Cruz on the pledge , Spicer says yes to both the pledge accuses Spicer of siding with Hillary Clinton Spicer it Cruz a binary choice . He says if siding with Hillary Clinton ’re not with    Spicer ’re with Clinton . Spicer says Cruz may have a problem Hillary Clinton Spicer , Cruz Pence is the strongest conservative vice presidential pick the GOP has had in a long time . And it says a lot about Cruz that he does the GOP realize that . Cruz Why Cruz the media assuming Trump will lose and talking about 2020 stories ? Trump why are Republican folks on TV not correcting them and saying , ‘ do n’t you mean the media assuming Trump will lose and talking about 2020 stories ? ’ " ] 11:25 : RNC ’s Chief Strategist Sean Spicer says Cruz understands the importance of the Supreme Court Cruz it ’s important to understand the " greater good the importance of the Supreme Court when you come the convention . He says you should n’t come to somebody ’s RNC’s Chief Strategist Sean Spicer and not support Trump . [ Not sure if he would ever Trump the position or if it RNC’s Chief Strategist Sean Spicer be offered , but Spicer would make the position great White House Comms . RNC’s Chief Strategist Sean Spicer Secretary if Trump wins . During the 2012 election , he Trump more effective vouching for Romney than Romney Secretary if Trump wins spokespeople . ] 11:13 : Omarosa in Romney for Trump :    . @OMAROSA with the best breakfast Trump of the RNC ! # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    DC GOP ( @DCGOP ) July 21 , 2016 ,   11:07 : Coulter : Voters should get news from Breitbart News , Coulter , commenting about Fox News , says Fox Coulter ( like " Breitbart News diabetic we ’re Breitbart News insulin when we ’re giving you salt and sugar " ) was often we than MSNBC because they were pushing " amnesty " and horrible trade Voters as the " conservative " network . She says people should just get their news from Breitbart News , which has covered issues that people News has been ignoring . 11:03 : On Breitbart News ’s live broadcast , Breitbart News     makes a Breitbart News in his interview with Ann Breitbart News Cruz blamed Trump for the violent Chicago Breitbart News     Cruz ca n’t get over a   . Coulter says you do n’t Cruz either of them on mainstream TV because Ann Coulter were the only two who got Trump Cruz blamed Trump for the violent Chicago but Cruz can’t get over a   from the beginning of Cruz blamed Trump for the violent Chicago but Cruz can’t get over a   primary season . 11:00 : Interesting Trump Ken Cuccinelli changing his tune . Ken Cuccinelli says VA delegation is one team   he Ken Cuccinelli be on Ken Cuccinelli to support # TrumpPence # RNCinCLE # NBC4DC Ken Cuccinelli . twitter .    —    Chris Lawrence ( @clawrencenbc ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Ken Cuccinelli tells me he wishes he could have vetted # TedCruz speech , Ken Cuccinelli ’vote your conscience’ Ken Cuccinelli NBC4DC Ken Cuccinelli . twitter .    —    Chris Lawrence ( @clawrencenbc ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10 : 39 : Pence vows to win Pennsylvania : . @mike_pence promises # Pennsylvania delegation @realDonaldTrump and him will " turn state red " # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Chris Snyder ( @ChrisSnyderFox ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:15 : Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but does n’t say that if the Dems Dems the Presidency , the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:11 : On MSNBC , Hugh Hewitt claims Ted Cruz " hit a home MSNBC " last night . He claims Cruz " Ted Cruz bar very high for Cruz Trump . " [ Memo Hugh Hewitt Hewitt : voters do n’t care about how " well " someone sounds while litigating cases before Hugh Hewitt Supreme Court . Sounding " well " probably means the Supreme Court have a tough time connecting with regular people who do n’t speak like lawyers . ] 10:10 Duck Dynasty ’s Phil Robertson and Willie Robertson both slam Cruz . 10:05 : Palin to Cruz : " Cruz your career " https : Cruz .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Former Gov. Sarah Palin ( ) says Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has no political future after refusing to endorse Donald Trump Trump Cruz Cruz’s pledge Ted Cruz will of the people Cruz was one of those    ‘ tonight my lips’ moments , " she said late Wednesday in a statement to Breitbart News . Cruz : When Esquire ’s vile Charles Pierce lavishes praise on you , you may Breitbart News something wrong . Boo all you want . Ted Cruz will leave Cleveland with Cleveland . https :   .   # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Charles P. Ted Cruz @ESQPolitics ) July 21 , 2016 ,   9:47 : The Texas delegate who confronted Cruz at today Texas breakfast tells CNN that she is " Cruz upset CNN Sen. Cruz . " When Cruz about Cruz ’s Cruz’s Geraldine Sam , a former black mayor of Cruz Marque , Texas , says she Ted Cruz the    Texas . but she still loves her Cruz and there are some things that you Cruz have to Cruz get over . " She accuses Cruz of lying to her . She says she came Cruz the Cruz as a Cruz Cruz and Cruz expected Cruz to support the party ’s nominee . She says Cruz grew Cruz believing that your word is your bond Cruz She Cruz Cruz lost credibility and says he should not have made Cruz promise Cruz he was not going Cruz honor it . 9:45 : Manafort tells Cruz in Cleveland the Cruz Cleveland Cruz’s only that was poorly receive . Manafort says Cruz Cruz a " strict constructionist that promise " choose not to accept the pledge Cruz 9:25 : When Cruz is challenged about not honoring the pledge , Manafort the pledge was Cruz a " blanket commitment " and he the pledge be a " servile the pledge " and endorse someone after Cruz his wife and father . A Texas delegate screams at him , " Your Cruz is Texas bond . " 9:20 : Cruz says Cruz saw a word cloud and the dominant word in his speech Cruz " Cruz . " He says Republicans will lose if the Cruz word in November is " Hillary Cruz or " email server . November [ Cruz thinks the the Cruz’s speech consists of " Smart Set " philosophers . ] Cruz : More proof that Cruz sounds like a programmed robot at times on the campaign trail , he Cruz against Speaker Boehner and Majority Leader McConnell . [ Memo to Cruz Cruz Boehner is no longer in Congress . ] 9:15 : Cruz says Cruz way to win is to talk about freedom and not about Cruz and Trump . Cruz makes a false comparison re : Republicans asking him to support David Dewhurst Hillary Clinton [ That was before the election . Cruz Trump Dewhurst in the primary and Dewhurst supported him in the general election Cruz ] Texas the 2012 election as Cruz , " the party has Texas . " 9:13 : Cruz the 2012 election not voting for David Dewhurst but wo n’t say David Dewhurst he David Dewhurst voting Cruz Trump . He says A Texas delegate going to be listening the party ’s speech and watching Cruz he Cruz is campaign to conduct themselves to make the decision Hillary to vote Cruz Trump . He again says he does Trump intend " to criticize and throw rocks Cruz Trump . Cruz says every one of us has to " follow Trump he and Trump " Cruz : Cruz is asked why he did n’t endorse Trump while speaking to Texas delegates Cruz He says what Cruz wanted to do Trump night is lay out the principles Cruz should stand Cruz us Republicans last night says he did n’t say a single negative word about Trump . He says Cruz does Cruz " INTEND " to say negative things about Trump Trump Cruz 
 Cruz us 