Two Texas high school student face disciplinary action after staging a mock assassination of    Donald Trump for their English class presentation . [ The San Antonio    reported the two 10th grade male students performed a skit entitled " The Assassination of   Donald Trump " last week at John Marshall High School . As part of their the two 10th grade male students , one of the boys made a gunfire sound effect with his   Donald Trump phone while the other boy , portraying the    fell to the ground pretending to be dead .   The a skit entitled "The Assassination of Donald Trump" for a high school English class assignment . Students , including these boys , previously submitted ideas for their sketches to Students, including these boys teacher for approval . However , these two teens Students, including these boys , unbeknownst to Students, including these boys teacher , KSAT reported the teacher Independent School District spokesman Barry Perez told the    " appropriate action " was taken to reprimand the teacher and the students . He said the students would face Northside Independent School District spokesman Barry Perez attention the students , Harold and Melinda Bean , parents of a student in that English class , were outraged by what took place and were not so sure the matter was handled appropriately . They complained about the skit to administrators Harold and Melinda Bean, parents of a student in that English class this San Antonio area school district and also spoke to the San Antonio newspaper . The district spokesman said the English teacher apologized on Monday . He called her a " rock solid the English teacher , the English teacher according to KSAT . Said Harold Bean : " I do n’t understand how the teacher can repeat an apology and the English teacher back there at work on Monday morning . " He added : " Though we understand she the English teacher apologetic , it does not make the English teacher situation right . " Perez insisted the teacher " recognized the inappropriateness " of the English teacher Trump assassination skit and told KSAT she " stopped it in its tracks in KSAT the English teacher . " KSAT Honestly KSAT have run out of words to describe how angry I am and how shocked I am that they ’re still in school today , " Melinda Bean told the   . To her point , Texas public school children have been Melinda Bean for far less serious reasons than depicting the assassination of the   . Last year , Breitbart Texas reported the   budding fourth grade magician accused Texas his classmates because he said that he would make them " Texas " with Texas Lord of Texas Rings pretend Texas public school children . Nationwide , youngsters have faced punishment over    guns , Nerf guns , Lego guns , pointed " pow pow " finger guns , and bubble guns . One Texas     boy spent part of a weekend in adult jail over a neighborhood kid scuffle . Still , Northside ISD insisted the incident was addressed . Late Friday , Superintendent , Dr. Brian Woods , issued a statement : " An incident at John Marshall High School has drawn local and national media attention . I want to provide more clarity to what actually occurred and address our stance on the matter . Last week , an English teacher at Marshall HS instructed her students to create and perform a brief    skit following an English teacher at Marshall HS study of Shakespeare . The teacher asked for students to her students their scripts for her an English teacher at Marshall HS approval . Two students , after students original script an English teacher at Marshall HS been submitted , changed their skit to include Two students mock assassination of the   . The Two students had no idea this change had occurred until the students an English teacher at Marshall HS perform this in the classroom . The teacher stopped the student skit immediately when it became apparent that it an English teacher at Marshall HS . I want to be clear : NISD does not condone the action of these students or anyone else who would threaten violence .   The incident was addressed immediately and appropriately by the teacher and campus administration . " Northside ISD closed for Thanksgiving break on Friday . Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter . 
 