Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney ’s speech last week , trashing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , did little to dissuade voters from supporting the New York real estate mogul . [   percent of Republican voters , after Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney’s called Trump " a phony , " said percent of Republican voters, after Romney called Trump "a phony are now more likely to cast a vote for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and 30 percent of the voters who supported Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney’s in 2012 said percent of Republican voters, after Romney called Trump "a phony are more likely to vote for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , according to a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday .   Roughly 20 percent of GOP voters said Roughly 20 percent of GOP voters ’re less likely to support GOP frontrunner Donald Trump .    percent of GOP voters said they percent of the voters n’t think Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney’s ’s criticisms had an impact . a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday also suggests Republican voters favor GOP frontrunner Donald Trump over Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney’s , as the real estate mogul has a slightly higher favorability rating . The poll suggests a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday a    favorability rating , while the former Massachusetts governor ’s favorability rating is   . Only five percent of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supporters polled said they are now less likely Only five percent of Trump supporters polled support the frontrunner . Despite Former Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney’s speech having little to no effect on Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump the poll did find that a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday Cruz ( ) is closing in on the billionaire . According to the poll , Cruz increased eight a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday and is now Sen. Ted Cruz 17 points of Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) remained in third place with 14 percent . Ohio Gov. John Kasich ranked fourth at 10 percent however , his support has doubled since the previous poll Ohio Gov. John Kasich The poll questioned a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday registered voters online a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday 4th to March 6th . It has a margin of error of plus or minus a new Morning Consult poll released Tuesday percent .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) 
 