’   ’ "    Less than a week after    Donald Trump ’s upset    victory , nonprofits and charities dedicated to opposing policies    Donald Trump campaigned on are still being flooded with donations   —    for    some at an unprecedented level . " ’    On Monday , the   announced a whopping $ 7 . 2 million in    donations over the last five days . By comparison , there were 354    donations totaling $ 27 , 806 over the same    period in 2012 . ’ ’    The nonprofit   after Trump’ ’s election win ,    promising    " full firepower " should    administration pursue    unconstitutional policies . The ACLU also emblazoned the homepage    of The ACLU website with the message " See you in court " beside an    image of Trump . ’ ’ also reported a record surge of 80 , 000    donations since Election Day , according to . Many of the donations were sent in the name of    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton   —    but also in the name of Vice       the fiercely    rights Indiana    governor who fought to defund Planned Parenthood and signed a    bill requiring miscarried or stillborn fetuses be buried or    cremated . ’ ’    The money is coming at a critical time for organizations such as     a nonprofit that offers suicide prevention    services such as a    hotline for young LGBTQ people . ’ ’’ "    The Trevor Project was running $ 200 , 000 behind in donations    before Trump ’s election , Deputy Executive Director Steve    Mendelsohn told Business Insider . But over the last week , The Trevor Project has received more than $ 165 , 000 from donors in 20    countries , and signed up nearly 1 , 000 new supporters to donate on    a monthly basis . " ’    " We were having trouble raising money before the election Trump’s election …      We    believe We we were behind We people were focused on giving    money to    candidates , " Mendelsohn said . " Now we’’re getting    back to    we should be . " ’ ’    The Trevor Project was one of several organizations touted by     on his Sunday episode The Trevor Project " Last Week    Tonight " in a segment on Trump’ ’s election . Mendelsohn said    Mendelsohn ’s    helped boost the organization’ ’s donations and    web traffic even further . ’ ’    A website called   also sprang up    on Monday , presenting visitors with inflammatory statements Trump    has made about minorities or marginalized groups , accompanied by    suggestions for    to donate to . ’ ’ : The legal    advocacy organization has pledged to continue defending Roe v.    Wade should Trump seek to Trump    it by appointing The legal   advocacy organization rights Supreme Court justices . The center said on Twitter on    Monday it had   Twitter committed to monthly donations . ’ ’ : The    investigative journalism nonprofit reported a surge in donations    after being mentioned in Oliver’ ’s segment , receiving " " up to 12 hours after the show aired ,    ProPublica President Richard Tofel told Poynter . ’ ’ : The    Muslim civil rights group has received a " "    volunteer applications , Ibrahim    Hooper , CAIR’ ’s communications director , told The Atlantic . ’ ’ : The    organization dedicated to providing legal protections for    refugees raised more than $ 56 , 000 from more than 1 , 200 donors on    Indiegogo over the past five days . ’ 
 