  ( CNN ) Fareed Zakaria says Fareed Zakaria was n’t using the label " bullsh * * artist " lightly when Fareed Zakaria used the label "bullsh** artist" to describe Donald Trump .    Watch " Fareek Zakaria GPS " Sundays at 11 a. m. ET . Fareed Zakaria , host of GPS on CNN , received both flak and praise earlier in the week when Fareed Zakaria said Donald Trump continuously tries to clarify Fareed Zakaria positions with " a tweet or a statement . .. it ’s sort of amusing to watch     how ’s Fareed Zakaria going to pull it off this time ? What is Fareed Zakaria going to argue ? Usually Fareed Zakaria adds that the press hates Fareed Zakaria . But there ’s a term for this kind of thing . This is the mode of a bullsh * * artist , " Zakaria told Wolf Blitzer .   Zakaria took to Zakaria show to explain why Zakaria decided to use this term to describe the Republican presidential nominee . " Zakaria boasts and boasts and boasts about Zakaria business , Zakaria buildings , Zakaria books , Zakaria wives much of it is a concoction of hyperbole and falsehood . And , when Zakaria is found out , Zakaria ’s like that guy we have all met making wild claims at the bar , who when confronted by the truth quickly responds , ’I knew that . ’ " Zakaria said .   One of the examples Zakaria points to is the " " between Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin . At the National Press Club in May 2014 , Donald Trump said Donald Trump spoke to Russian President Vladimir Putin , who " could not have been nicer . " During the Fox Business and Wall Street Journal debate in November 2015 , Donald Trump said Donald Trump got to know Russian President Vladimir Putin " very well . "   " Did Donald Trump really believe that you can say something like that on live TV and no one would check ? Did Donald Trump think that no one would notice that the ’60 Minutes’ show consisted of two separate prerecorded interviews with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow , and Trump in New York ? By that logic I ’ve gotten to know Franklin Roosevelt very well because I ’ve run some clips of Franklin Roosevelt on the ’60 Minutes’ show . In fact , it was just BS . " Zakaria quips .   Another issue that Zakaria brings Zakaria is the one that fueled Trump ’s Trump in New York : President Barack Obama " birtherism " conspiracy theories . In 2011 , Trump said that Trump in New York had sent Trump in New York to Hawaii and " they can not investigators what they ’re finding investigators " " For weeks , Trump continued to Trump in New York that there were huge findings to be released soon . ... That was five years ago , in April 2011 . Nothing happened . It appears highly unlikely that Trump sent investigators Trump in New York Hawaii in the Hawaii place , " Zakaria says .    " As the crazy talk continues , standard rules of fact , truth , and reality , have disappeared in this campaign . Donald Trump has Trump in New York vast quantities of his trademark product into Trump in New York political arena that the stench is now overwhelming and unbearable , " Zakaria says . 
 Zakaria 