TAMPA   —    Wednesday at a campaign appearance at the Florida State Fairgrounds before of crowd of several thousand people , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a concerted push for    and Hispanic voters . [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump began Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump pitch by reflecting on America ’s inner cities , pointing out that all of what is wrong has occurred almost solely under the elected leadership of politicians affiliated with the Democratic Party .   " This is so important for our inner cities , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said . " our inner cities are suffering like never before . They have our inner cities run by Democrats for so many years . In some cases over 100 years . Almost every inner city is run by the Democrats . " After pointing out several statistics demonstrating poverty and crime in the    community , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump doubled down on the attack and reiterated a case Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had made in previous days , which was , " What do you have to lose ? " " The Democratic Party has run , as I ’ve said , nearly every    in this country for 50 or 60 or in some cases over 100 years . Over 100 years . They ’ve produced only more poverty , only more crime , only more joblessness . And broken homes all over the place at record levels . To those suffering and hurting , and the people left behind , I say vote for Donald Trump . Vote for vote for Donald Trump What Donald Trump have to lose ? " he continued . " It can Donald Trump get any worse . And believe me I ’m going to fix it . I ’m going to It it so ’m . So to It    voter , great people , to the Hispanic voter , who have been absolutely treated terribly , I say what do you have to lose ? I will fix it . " Trump pledged that if elected president Donald Trump he would see to it that Donald Trump safety for the    and Hispanic communities would be improved upon as well . " I will be able to make sure that when you walk down the street in your    or wherever you are , you are not going to be shot , " he said . " Your child Donald Trump n’t going to be shot . " " I say to the    parents : You have a right to walk down the street of your city without having your child or yourself shot , " Trump added . " And that ’s what ’s happening right now . That ’s what ’s happening . To the Hispanic parents : You have the   parents walk outside without being shot . " He also vowed that education , home ownership Trump jobs would be a priority , but warned if Hillary Clinton was elected , then    and Hispanics would be neglected . " If she gets your vote , and I think Hillary Clinton are going to do great with    and with the Hispanics , once she gets your vote do you know what Hillary Clinton does ?    folks . See you Hillary Clinton four years    She ’s going to do nothing . And Hillary Clinton want to know the truth ? She does n’t have the stamina to do Hillary Clinton even if she wanted to . " The GOP nominee Hillary Clinton on to say that these groups had been " used " by " phony politicians . " " African Americans are tired of being used by these phony politicians , " he added . " Hispanics are tired of The GOP nominee used by these phony politicians . And everybody else in these phony politicians tired of being used by these phony politicians . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter these phony politicians 