" Sen. Elizabeth Warren does n’t appear to take kindly to Sen. Ted Cruz ’s complaints about the difficulties of running for president . " ’In a series of tweets on Tuesday afternoon , Sen. Elizabeth Warren blasted the Republican presidential candidate for saying in an email to supporters that Sen. Elizabeth Warren was " making sacrifices " on behalf of voters.’ ’"Are you kidding me , @TedCruz ? We’’re supposed to pity you because trying to be the leader of the free world is hard ? ! 2 words : Boo hoo , " Warren , a Democratic senator and influential voice in her party , wrote in one tweet.’ ’Warren ripped the Texas senator over the Texas senator opposition to mandatory raising the minimum wage.’ ’’ ’’ " ’t’t’tKnow whose health is limited ? Workers    no paid leave who ca n’t stay home when sick or caring for kids .   wo n’t support it . ’t’t " ’’ ’ ’t’t’tKnow whose health is limited whose sleep is limited ? Working parents who stay up worrying about getting kids thru college    big debt .   blocked . ’t’t’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tKnow who gets no personal time ? People who work 2 min wage jobs to support People who work 2 min wage jobs to support their families.   families .   opposes giving them a raise . ’t’t’ ’’ " ’t’t’tKnow who gets no family time , ? Moms    unfair schedules who drop kids at daycare & find Moms    hrs cancelled .   wo n’t help . ’t’t " ’’ ’ ’t’t’tKnow who ’s facing " constant attacks , " ? Hardworking American immigrants , Muslims , LGBT folks , women . Your constant attacks . ’t’t’ ’’ " ’t’t’tAnd ? Working people work more , get paid less , ca n’t save , get mistreated , struggle with illness & family    but Working people do n’t whine . ’t’t " ’’ " ’t’t’tThey do n’t throw tantrums or try to shut down ’t’t’tThey workplace because ’t’t’tThey do n’t get ’t’t’tThey way    & then turn around & demand promotions . ’t’t " ’’ " ’t’t’tYou chose to run for President , . You chose to make your " sacrifices . " Working people do n’t have a choice . ’t’t " ’’ ’ ’t’t’tHey : Maybe you should spend less time complaining about your " significant sacrifices "    & more time doing something about Working people . ’t’t’ " Though Warren has abstained from endorsing in the Democratic race , Warren ’s become increasingly critical of the Republican presidential candidates . " ’Last month , Warren referred to Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump as a " , " blasting the    magnate’ ’s business record and campaign rhetoric.’ " Sen. Elizabeth Warren does n’t appear to . .. " 
 