The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is facing intense pressure to pull out of performing at    Donald Trump ’s inauguration as an online petition has gathered thousands of signatures . [ The Change . an online petition seeks to persuade the Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints to end its   Saints of having The Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform at presidential inaugurations .   The The Mormon Tabernacle Choir performed at numerous presidential inaugurations throughout history , including for Presidents Lyndon B. Johnson , Ronald Reagan , George Bush and George W. Bush . During his 1981 inauguration George Bush Reagan called the MTC " America ’s choir . " " We , as the MTC " of this petition , believe that The Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints’ decision to allow the Mormon Tabernacle Choir to perform at the upcoming presidential inauguration of Donald Trump DOES NOT reflect the values of Mormonism and does not represent its diverse 15 Mormonism million members worldwide , " the petition , begun by one Randall Thacker , states . The petition continues this petition We also believe that Saints’ decision to allow the Mormon Tabernacle Choir to perform at the upcoming presidential inauguration of Donald Trump DOES NOT reflect the values of Mormonism and does not represent its diverse 15+ million members worldwide," the petition, begun by one Randall Thacker, states official LDS organization performing at a presidential inauguration gives the perception that the LDS Church and its diverse 15 + the LDS Church members worldwide support an incoming president ’s agenda , values and behaviors .   Performing at other government events would not be a concern ( e. g. national holidays such as July 4th ) . As members and friends of The Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints , we strongly urge the Church to stop The Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints and especially for an incoming president who has demonstrated sexist , racist , misogynistic , and xenophobic behavior that does not align with the principles and teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ The Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints claims that Jesus Christ would harm the Mormon church ’s image , and would send " the wrong The Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints children . The petition had gathered 7 , 111 signatures at the time of The Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints . Prospective performers The petition ’s inauguration have received significant backlash and threats of boycott from those dissatisfied with the results of the election . As Breitbart News previously reported , opera legend Andrea Bocelli was the subject of a " # BoycottBocelli " campaign on social media after it was reported that he had been approached by Trump to perform at the inauguration . The singer reportedly decided not to perform in the wake Trump’s the backlash . Trump’s inauguration Tabernacle Choir opera legend Andrea Bocelli iconic dance company The Rockettes at the inauguration in Washington DC on January 20 , along with teenage opera singer Jackie Evancho , who Trump’s inauguration National Anthem .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 