Months of violent    protests across the country , a rash of Islamic terrorism across the world , and the racially motivated deaths of eight police officers in just the few weeks on the road into the Republican National Convention in Cleveland have been bloody , but the Republican National Convention in Cleveland contained only minor skirmishes with the law . [ Despite Black Lives Matter    Patrisse Cullors ’s statement months ago that the group would " shut down " the RNC , a much     turnout of leftist activists , combined with an effective police presence with officers from both Cleveland and Cleveland the country , nothing even resembling the shutdown transpired .   To better understand the dynamics of the protest movement that fizzled in Cleveland , Cleveland spoke to the veteran protest documentarian Jeremy Segal , a. k. a. Rebel Pundit , about what went wrong for the left and whether he thinks things might be different at next week ’s Democratic National Convention .   LEE : We ’re out here at the RNC . We ’re We to Jeremy Segal , Rebel Pundit . Jeremy , Jeremy Segal crowds were pretty lame for the protesters . Why do you think that is ? REBEL PUNDIT : Well , you did n’t have MoveOn . org here . You did n’t have any labor unions here labor unions have n’t protested Donald Trump this entire election cycle . So no MoveOn , MoveOn unions , there ’s no illegals out here , I think , because of the law enforcement presence , so you do n’t see the Mexican flags waving . So when you take away those three key players from the mix , the anarchists have no cover , and they ca the anarchists disperse and disappear into the crowd like the fleas that they are the anarchists that cause the violence that they want the anarchists cause . LEE : Okay , so you called them fleas the anarchists What do you mean by that ? REBEL PUNDIT : Well , there ’s a revolutionary movement that ’s going on in this country right now , and the revolutionaries   —    the revcom , Revolutionary Communist Party , the anarchists , and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations   —    come in , they get the revolutionaries  —   the revcom, Revolutionary Communist Party, the anarchists, and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations  —    in these mass protest movements , and they ’re the revolutionaries  —   the revcom, Revolutionary Communist Party, the anarchists, and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations  —    ones that come out to create violence which draws a violent response from the police . They broadcast the revolutionaries  —   the revcom, Revolutionary Communist Party, the anarchists, and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations  —    imagery that they want the revolutionaries  —   the revcom, Revolutionary Communist Party, the anarchists, and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations  —    to the world , and it draws more support for their movement the revolutionaries  —   the revcom, Revolutionary Communist Party, the anarchists, and a lot of these left wing groups and organizations  —    LEE : And so one last thing : do you think the DNC is the possibility for having bigger protests than we saw here at the RNC ? REBEL PUNDIT : I would think so . There ’s a lot of division among the radical left right now because of the Hillary nomination versus the Bernie nomination , so we do n’t know what we ’re we na see , but seeing light protest activity here seems to me would be indicative that there ’s gon na be a bigger show at the DNC . LEE : Cool . Jeremy Segal , Rebel Pundit . People can check you out online , right ? And they should People right ? REBEL PUNDIT Rebel Pundit . Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and director of the upcoming film The Bloody Road to Cleveland Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 