PayPal    and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel declared on Monday at the National Press Club in Washington , D. C. that people are voting for Trump because the leadership of America has failed . [ " No matter how crazy this election seems , this election is less crazy than the condition of America " proclaimed Peter Thiel . " Just look at the generation that provides most of our leaders . The Baby Boomers are entering retirement in a state of actuarial bankruptcy . 64 % of those over the age of 55 have less than a year ’s worth of savings to their those over the age of 55 . That is a problem , especially when this is the only country where you have to pay up to ten times as much for simple medicines as you would pay anywhere else . "   " Yet while households struggle to keep up with the challenges of everyday life , the government is wasting trillions of dollars of taxpayer money on    wars , " he    . " Right now , we the government fighting five of them trillions of dollars of taxpayer money In Iraq , Syria , Libya , Yemen , and Somalia . " " Now , not everyone is hurting , " Thiel explained . " In the wealthy suburbs that are in Washington , DC , people are doing just fine . Where I work in Silicon Valley , people are doing just great . But most Americans do n’t live by the beltway , or the San Francisco bay . Most most Americans n’t been part of that prosperity . It should n’t be surprising to see people vote for Bernie Sanders , or for Donald Trump , who is the only outsider left in the race . " Reiterating his views that both candidates are imperfect , Thiel stated , " I do n’t agree with everything Donald Trump has said and done , and I do n’t think the millions of other people voting for him do Donald Trump , " adding , " Nobody thinks his comments Donald Trump women were acceptable . I agree , they were women offensive and inappropriate . " " But I do n’t think the voters pull a lever in order to endorse a candidate ’s flaws , " he explained a candidate’s " It ’s not a lack of judgement that leads Americans to vote for Trump . Donald Trump ’re voting for Trump because Donald Trump judge We leadership of our country to have failed . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Charlie Nash @MrNashington or like his page Charlie Nash Facebook . 
 