Vienna , Austria ( CNN ) At the stroke of midnight in Vienna city center , members of Austria ’s    Identity Movement slipped on    vests and boarded a crane to pull off an audacious political prank : Draping a huge black cloth resembling a giant niqab     the Islamic face veil     onto a     statue of the Habsburg ruler , Empress Maria Theresa .     In case members of Austria political motivations were in any doubt , members of Austria also tacked up a sign that read " Islamization . No thank you ! " and signed it with the symbol of the Identity Movement .    Vienna police were less than amused to wake up to the sight of a national monument draped in such a provocative political protest     but no one has been arrested for the stunt .   Martin Sellner , however , was pleased : " We try to teach patriots in Europe methods of    action . That ’s We main principle . No violence . No real hate speech . "      A       graphic designer , wearing    glasses and    shirts advertising Identity Movement slogans such as " Europa Nostra "     " Our Europe "     Sellner has been called the " hipster " of the   .   " We see We as patriots , not " Europa Nostra"    "Our Europe"    Sellner says . " We do n’t hate immigrants . But We also do n’t want to see the country change and end up minorities in We countries . We wanted to express this opinion without    without the racism of the old right . " It is a carefully cultivated image : a sunny veneer masking a political ideology centered on a white Christian identity which rejects immigration and globalization . READ MORE : What does the    do now ? Influx of refugees , " My generation was never asked if We want this mass immigration , this Islamization and population replacement in this country , " he explains over several cups of Viennese coffee . " We were born into a society that believes We are racist for simply saying that We are becoming a minority in this country . "   In a series of posts on YouTube , Sellner suggests white Christians are on the verge of " extinction , " increasingly marginalized by growing numbers of migrants in what he calls the " Great Replacement . " " My biggest fear is that at some point demographics could kill democracy , " he says he " that our society by mass immigration becomes such an ethnically fragmented society that a real democracy is not possible anymore because there is no common ground of values , history and identity . " But that fear is n’t supported by the numbers .   While an estimated 15 % of Austria ’s population are foreign citizens , approximately half of those come from within the EU . For Sellner ,    migration     white and Christian     is acceptable .    residents in Austria are Austria 10 to one .   Still , Sellner is Sellner alone : Worries about migration reached fever pitch last year when more than a million asylum seekers crossed into Europe , at least 700 , 000 of them via more than a million asylum seekers . Austria Many were from Syria and Afghanistan , and while most were simply passing through on their way to Germany , Sweden and elsewhere , an estimated 90 , 000 opted to stay and claim asylum in Austria . Austria READ MORE : Can Europe survive Europe Trump effect ? Surge in    support , The Austrian government responded by erecting border fences , decreeing that only 3 , 200 migrants would be allowed to enter the country each day , and capping resettlement claims to 80 a day until an annual limit of 37 , 500 was reached .   Across Europe , the tide of new arrivals has prompted waves of    sentiment    parties such as France ’s National Front and Austria ’s Freedom Party are seeing a surge in support . Sellner is a big fan of US    Donald Trump , whom he calls " God Emperor . " He hopes he ’s election victory     on a platform that included plans to build a wall along the Mexican border and a ban on Muslim immigrants     will further inspire the    across the continent .   The Identity Movement began in France , but has since spread to Austria , Denmark and Germany . It appeals The Identity Movement a younger generation seeking to distance itself from The Identity Movement openly racist , xenophobic    parties of the past .   Sellner insists that the movement The Identity Movement racist but " "     it does n’t The Identity Movement that white Christian culture is superior , he says , Sellner that globalization is forcing countries to adopt a multiculturalism that destroys the ethnic and cultural values of individual states .   " We are not fighting against diversity . We do n’t We that people need to be racially pure , " he says , Sellner that the group rejects "   or ( anything ) that identifies the problem with a certain people . " READ MORE : Holocaust survivor : Do n’t let    win , ’Crazy ideologies’ Yet the Identity Movement does single out one group : Muslims . Only an estimated 7 % of Austrians are Muslim . But in Vienna and its suburbs     Vienna Sellner grew up     Muslims make up more than 12 % of the population , and some neighborhoods are majority Muslim .   Sellner claims this Sellner " Islamization " and that the Muslim religion is incompatible with Austrian values     but even he admits Islam Austrian a long history in Vienna . " After all , " he says , Austrian to the mirrored salon of the Viennese cafe we are talking in . " We are drinking we brought by the Turks ! "   Given Europe ’s history , its    slide Europe’s fascism , the great wars that killed millions and singled out Jews and other minorities for genocide , is n’t Sellner worried that the Identity Movement may be one step on a slippery slope to repeating that dark past ?    No , he says : Sellner I feel a kind of fatherly responsibility for young Austrian patriots not to let them go into young Austrian patriots extreme subcultures that are driven by hate and crazy ideologies . " Instead he claims , Sellner counterintuitively , " I think the entire movement the Identity Movement force against    extremism in Austria . " It ’s difficult to know just how many support the Identity Movement , but the Identity Movement candidate Norbert Hofer will be voted into power in Sunday ’s presidential election .    READ MORE : Who is Austria ’s Norbert Hofer ? And while Austria may not change Austrian policy immediately     the Austrian president ’s role is largely ceremonial     it would be proof of what Sellner believes is a " silent majority Sellner in the country who share his beliefs .    " The main Sellner of equality and opportunity is great . No one would object to that . But the problem is egalitarianism . People are different . We look different . We have different cultures , languages and We . Politics and policies need to reflect that , " he says .   " I think Sellner society has only a certain capacity for integration . I think we have gone far beyond that capacity We Europe . " 
 