’   ’ ’    French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron’ ’s campaign said on    Friday   Friday had been the target of a " massive " computer hack that    dumped    campaign mails online     days before voters go to    the polls to choose between the centrist and       rival    Marine Le Pen . ’ ’    Some nine gigabytes of data were posted by a user called EMLEAKS    to Pastebin , a    site that allows anonymous    posting . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for    posting the data or if any of the data were genuine . ’ "    In a statement , Macron ’s political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards ! )    confirmed that (Onwards!)    had been hacked . " ’    " The En Marche ! Movement has been the victim of a massive and      hack this evening which has given rise to the    diffusion on social media of various internal information , " the    statement said . ’ ’    An interior ministry official declined to comment , citing French    rules which forbid any commentary liable to influence an    election , and which took effect at midnight French time on Friday    ( 2200 GMT ) . ’ ’’ ’    Comments about the email dump began to appear on Friday evening    just hours before the official ban on campaigning began . the official ban on campaigning is due to stay in place until the last polling stations close on    Sunday at 8 p. m. ( 1800 GMT ) . ’ "    Opinion polls show independent centrist Macron is set to beat    National Front candidate Le Pen in Sunday ’s second round of    voting , in what is seen to be France ’s most important election in    decades . The latest surveys show him winning National Front candidate Le Pen about 62    percent of the vote . " "    Former economy minister Macron ’s team has complained in the past    about attempts to hack its emails    a fraught campaign ,    blaming    interests in part for the cyber attacks . " ’    On April 26 , the team Former economy minister Macron’s team had been the target of a series of    attempts to    email credentials since January , but that the    perpetrators had so far failed to compromise any campaign data . ’ "    In February , the Kremlin denied that it was behind the Kremlin such    attacks , even though Macron ’s camp renewed complaints against    Russian media and a hackers’ group operating in Ukraine . " ’      In its statement on Friday , En Marche ! said that the documents      released online showed only the normal functionings of a      presidential campaign , but that authentic documents had been      mixed on social media with fake ones to sow " doubt and      misinformation " .    ’ ’      " The seriousness of this event is certain and we shall not      tolerate that the vital interests of democracy be put at risk , "      it added . the vital interests of democracy be put at risk ’ ’    The French presidential election campaign is not the first to      be overshadowed by accusations of manipulation via computer      hacking and   .    ’ "    US intelligence agencies said in January that Russian President      Vladimir Putin had ordered hacking of the Democratic National      Committee and the chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s Democratic      campaign to influence the election on behalf of Donald Trump ,      her Republican rival Hillary Clinton’s went on to win the US presidency .    " ’      ( Reporting by Eric Auchard in Frankfurt and Michel Rose and      Bate Felix in Paris ; Writing by Andrew Callus ; Editing by      Sandra Maler )    ’ " French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 