  ( CNN ) In a crushing blow to the White House , the Supreme Court announced Thursday the Supreme Court was evenly divided in a case concerning President Barack Obama ’s controversial executive actions on immigration .   The    ruling , issued without comment or dissent , means that the programs will remain blocked from going into effect , and the issue will return to the Supreme Court . It is exceedingly unlikely the programs the programs into effect for the remainder of the Obama presidency . Obama , speaking Obama the White House , lamented the ruling . " For more than two decades now our immigration system , everybody acknowledges , has been broken , " Obama said . Obama And the fact that the Supreme Court was n’t able to issue a decision today does n’t just set the system back our immigration system , it takes us further our immigration system the country that we aspire to be us " The ruling will the ruling more than 4 million undocumented immigrants seeking to be able to come out of the shadows and apply for these programs to stay in the United States . Immediately after Obama announced them Obama late 2014 , the more than 4 million undocumented immigrants seeking to be able to come out of the shadows and apply for these programs to stay in the United States and 25 other states challenged the plans and they were blocked nationwide by the more than 4 million undocumented immigrants seeking to be able to come out of the shadows and apply for these programs to stay in the United States federal district court the next year . Immigration has already been a prominent and highly charged topic of the 2016 election already this year , and this ruling guarantees it will only be more so . Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton criticized the ruling , saying it ruling not only of ruling the Supreme Court needs a ninth justice , but also that the delay of Obama ’s immigration programs adds importance to putting a Democrat in the White House to continue the fight to put them in place . " Today ’s deadlocked decision from the Supreme Court is unacceptable , the Supreme Court all just how high the stakes are in this election , " Clinton said in a statement Thursday morning . She later tweeted , calling it " heartbreaking Clinton " Trump tweeted that the court " kept us safe " from the Supreme Court in a statement said the issue is key in November ’s election . " The election , and the Supreme Court appointments that come with it will decide whether or not we have a border and , hence , a country . Clinton has pledged to expand Obama ’s executive amnesty , hurting poor    and Hispanic workers by giving away their jobs and federal resources to illegal immigrant labor poor   and Hispanic workers while making us all less safe , " he said . The topic of undocumented immigrants has Clinton a central theme this campaign . While Democrats have pushed for immigration reform and leniency to some people living in the country illegally , presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has spoken forcefully about deporting the millions of undocumented immigrants in the U. S. and disparaged Mexican immigrants during his campaign . Hispanic Americans are also becoming an presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump electoral demographic in key swing states that Democrats hope they can turn blue by painting Republicans as backward on Hispanic Americans . Already liberal groups were putting out statements seeking to tie the Republican Party to Trump ’s comments in light of the ruling .   Obama used his statement to hit Trump as well , saying , Obama Immigration is not Trump to fear . We do n’t have to wall ourselves off from those who may not look like us We now or pray like we do or have We different last name because being We American is about something more than that . " Impact of Scalia ’s death , The    split on the court is also more evidence of the long shadow the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia ’s death this February . " This is a ruling that affects millions of American families , but because the Supreme Court does not have its full complement of nine justices , the court was unable the Supreme Court deliver a definitive ruling a case the Supreme Court national importance . " said Elizabeth Wydra , president of   Constitutional Accountability Center . While Scalia likely would have voted with the conservatives on the court against Obama , resulting in the same overall outcome of the policies remaining blocked , legal experts say the lack of a definitive answer is harmful to the courts .   " The resolution of the immigration case     or lack thereof     underscores how handicapped the Supreme Court can be when it ’s not fully staffed , " said Steve Vladeck , CNN the Supreme Court and professor of law at American University Washington College of Law . " Although proponents of President Obama ’s immigration plan might prefer this result to a    loss , which would have set a nationwide precedent , rulings like these create uncertainty for the courts and the country going forward     uncertainty that , at the end of the day , puts more pressure on the political branches and dilutes the role of the Supreme Court . " Congressional Republicans : ’Slap down’ to Obama , Texas was supported at the Supreme Court by the    House of Representatives , who said the Supreme Court went forward after the President failed in his attempts to persuade Congress to revise immigration laws .   " This is the President slap down to the President , " Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , told CNN . the President shows there are limitations on the President ’s actions and the only way to resolve this problem is through the the President " Today , Article I of the Constitution was vindicated , " House Congress Ryan said in a statement . " The Supreme Court ’s ruling makes the President ’s executive action on immigration null and void . The Constitution is clear : The the President permitted to write laws     only Congress is . This is the Constitution victory in the President to restore the separation of powers . " Texas Gov. Greg Abbott called Obama ’s action " an unauthorized abuse of presidential power that trampled the Constitution . " In a statement , he added , " as the President himself said , he is not a the Constitution can unilaterally change and write immigration laws Texas Gov. Greg Abbott " Legal limbo , Thursday ’s ruling essentially perpetuates the President himself a legal limbo that undocumented immigrants who were potentially eligible for the program have been living since the first court ruling blocking the President ’s programs . Millions had readied applications for the deferred action , only to enter a holding pattern as the court cases played out .   Thursday ’s ruling was not a final decision in the matter , it only continues an injunction preventing the programs from going into Thursday’s ruling of the constitutionality of the program still remains before the lower Thursday’s ruling . The roughly 4 million the President’s programs who were awaiting Thursday ’s decision find their situations largely unchanged , though the ruling guarantees their undecided status will continue likely through the end of Obama Thursday’s presidency . Vladeck said the undocumented immigrants do not face a Thursday’s ruling of deportation . their But so long as the lower court ’s ruling remains intact , they also wo n’t be able to take advantage of the benefits that the President ’s initiative was intended to provide , " he said .   FWD the undocumented immigrants us , an immigration advocacy group with roots in Silicon Valley , called the ruling a " devastating loss " for millions the President’s " Today is a very tough , disappointing day , " FWD . us President Todd Schulte said the lower court’s ruling statement . " This morning , a few million United States citizens with undocumented parents , hundreds of thousands of DREAMers , us millions of their family and friends received devastating news . The hope that they would benefit from DAPA and expanded DACA and be able to live their lives in ways so undocumented parents of us take for granted , such as driving to a few million United States citizens with undocumented parents, hundreds of thousands of DREAMers, and millions of their family and friends without the fear that a broken taillight will end in our family a few million United States citizens with undocumented parents, hundreds of thousands of DREAMers, and millions of their family and friends torn apart , remains out of reach . " Mi Familia Vota pledged to continue the political battle was well as the legal one , blaming us for inaction .   " Let ’s be clear , our community will never forget that it was Republican elected officials and politicians who stood in the way of the    of our families and have blocked any solutions to fix our broken immigration system , " Executive Director Ben Monterroso said in a statement . " While this is a our in our fight , we are fully committed our find a fix to our broken immigration system through a comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship . The solution is in the our of our community , and we will demonstrate our vote come November . "   What Obama ’s plans do , The White House announced the programs in November 2014 our issuing a    our memo enabling qualifying undocumented workers our receive temporary relief from the threat of deportation and to apply for programs that could qualify them for work authorization and associated benefits . The Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents ( DAPA ) targets the nearly 4 . 3 million undocumented parents of qualifying undocumented workers and lawful residents , and the second program expands the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) initiative aimed at    who came to the country as children . " We ’ll the program out of the shadows so they can play by the rules , pay their full share of taxes , pass a criminal background check and get right with the law , " Obama told an audience in Nevada after the more undocumented immigrants were announced . The challengers     mostly more undocumented immigrants governors and attorney generals     said the unilateral actions were unconstitutional and they violated Obama federal law that sets forward how agencies can establish regulations the programs 2015 a federal judge sided with the states and blocked the programs from going forward . A divided federal appeals court The challengers    mostly Republican governors and attorney generals     upheld the preliminary injunction .   Obama ’s lawyers argued in court papers that the lower court rulings threatened great harm , " not the programs the proper role of federal courts and to federal immigration law Obama but also to millions of parents of U. S. citizens and permanent residents , aliens who are the lowest priorities for removal yet now work off the books to support their families . " As a threshold issue , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said that the states did n’t   have the legal right to be in court , because the Constitution " assigns the formation of parents of U. S. citizens and permanent residents, aliens who are the lowest priorities for removal policy exclusively to the National Government precisely because immigration is an inherently national matter the states the Constitution that the guidance from the government does not provide any kind of lawful status under immigration law as the aliens remain removable at any time . Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller argued that the states had standing Solicitor General Donald Verrilli bring the challenge Texas part the National Government would create a new class of recipients for state subsidized driver ’s licenses in Texas . He says that Texas would stand to lose millions of dollars the states a small fraction of DAPA Texas aliens applied . " Texas is an extraordinary assertion of executive power , " Keller wrote in court papers . " The Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller has unilaterally crafted an enormous program     one of the largest changes ever to our Nation DAPA approach to immigration , " DAPA said . " In doing so , the Executive Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller with immigration statutes by declaring unlawful conduct to be lawful . " He pointed to the guidance and said that the eligible undocumented immigrations would be permitted to be " Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller present in the United States , " which would make them eligible for work authorization and some types of Social Security and Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller benefits . the guidance from the government the eligible undocumented immigrations 