’   ’ ’    A    law group on Wednesday filed a    lawsuit against the Department of Justice , alleging the federal    agency violated the law by ignoring Freedom of Information Act    requests for records related to Attorney General Loretta    Lynch ’s tarmac meeting with former President Bill Clinton . ’ ’    " We ’re forcing their hand , Sekulow announcing the    lawsuit . ’ ’    Sekulow added : " We ’re taking the Obama Administration to federal    court . Again . We ’re filing Sekulow lawsuit against the Department of    Justice , to ensure true justice Sekulow " ’ ’    The ACLJ initially sent FOIA requests to the DOJ requesting    information on Lynch ’s meeting with Clinton . ’ ’    The records requested included documents " containing any    discussion of or in any way regarding the meeting between " the    two at the Phoenix airport and electronic communications    " containing any discussion of or in any way naming , regarding ,    involving or referring Clinton . " ’ ’’ ’    The DOJ " wholly failed    respond " to Clinton FOIA requests , the ACLJ    said in its complaint . The law firm accused the DOJ of violating    two statues requiring federal the ACLJ    to respond the ACLJ    records The DOJ ’ ’    " The bottom line of our lawsuit is this : the ‘    is    unlawfully withholding records requested by Plaintiff pursuant to    5 U. S. C. § 552,’ " Sekulow wrote . " The Justice Department ’s answer    to our suit will be due in about 30 days . " ’ ’    Critics of Hillary Clinton , our Republican presidential    nominee Donald Trump ,   that Bill Clinton ’s meeting on    the Arizona tarmac with Lynch was somehow related to getting    Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton hook from the FBI ’s email investigation    into her private server . ’ "    Hillary Clinton came days after FBI Director James Comey    announced that it had   Hillary Clinton into Hillary    Clinton ’s private email server , a move FBI was   with Lynch ’s wishes The lawsuit   " 
 Hillary Clinton 