Washington ( CNN ) The US government will not automatically allow green card holders who traveled to countries placed under a temporary travel ban back into the United States , two sources familiar with the matter told CNN . Instead , after landing those travelers will have to apply for a waiver to the executive order that instituted the ban , two sources familiar with the matter said . When they two sources familiar with the matter , they two sources familiar with the matter be taken into a secondary screening process   in which they two sources familiar with the matter be interviewed and their two sources familiar with the matter and biographic information will be checked to see if there are any red flags . Then their two sources familiar with the matter to enter the country will be determined .    The countries targeted by Trump ’s executive order include the    nations of Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Syria , Sudan and Yemen . Green card holders already overseas seeking to return to their Green card holders in the US will be processed through a waiver authority that has already been established . One official said there is a     admissions process and another said it a    admissions process being done " expeditiously . " People from the seven countries who have green cards     a government document granting permanent residence in the US     should not leave the Yemen they may People from the seven countries who have green cards    a government document granting permanent residence in the US     be allowed back in the US the US source familiar with the matter said . Trump ’s immigration ban sends shockwaves , There ’s been significant confusion over the precise terms of Trump ’s executive Trump’s he signed it Friday Trump’s , particularly over how it pertained to visa it who are traveling and if any different treatment was afforded to green card holders . Exemptions will be at the discretion of the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department , and criteria for exemptions include refugee status for religious minorities facing persecution , if denying admission would cause undue hardship or if not doing so would not pose a risk to the security or welfare of the US . Those traveling without a green card who landed in the United States after the order was signed would be detained and put back on a flight to their country of citizenship Those traveling without a green card who landed in the United States after the order was signed an administration official told CNN . Separately , Department of Homeland Security officials acknowledged people who were in the air would be detained upon arrival and put back on a plane to their home country . people who were in the air couple dozen people were held overnight at US airports , an official familiar with the matter told CNN . Two men CNN had been granted visas filed suit after being detained at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York , although neither was a green card holder and instead entering under visas tied to their involvement with the US military in Iraq . The Iranian Foreign Ministry said on Saturday it would ban travelers The Iranian Foreign Ministry the United States in response to Trump ’s temporary ban . 
 