United Nations ( CNN ) Some pundits predict United Nations (CNN) Ambassador Nikki Haley will one day run for president , but for a month , at least , she United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley be     of the    UN Security Council .   Ambassadors take up the post each month , and April fell to Haley United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley While the former South Carolina Governor , who so far has been outspoken in her United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley tenure in New York , said she United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley supposed to remain somewhat guarded as the leader of the the   UN Security Council she United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley a packed news conference Monday that should would always be " a transparency gal . "   The role wo n’t enable Haley United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley snap her United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley and get whatever she United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley on the discussion agenda . While Haley United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley pressing for a human rights discussion April 18 , two other permanent members , Russia and China , are not interested , meaning the idea might have to come to a vote to see if the required nine countries support it . Haley the idea comes as President Donald Trump and Trump a focus on human rights in dealings with world leaders when compared to past administrations , including President Barack Obama ’s .   In a meeting at the White House on Monday , Trump told visiting Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    that he had done " a fantastic job " despite criticisms of the leader ’s undemocratic actions . " We are visiting Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt , " Trump said , speaking in the Oval Office with Sisi at his side . " I look Egypt to a Trump long and strong relationship . " Since seizing power from Trump Muslim Brotherhood , the Egyptian leader has been heavily criticized for cracking down on dissent .   But the two leaders share a the leader’s groups , and Trump is looking to focus ties on building a partnership for his top foreign policy priority .   In her Trump on Monday , Haley said the US can be frank Trump countries it has good relations with on issues such as human rights .   " Those friends , sometimes you have to go the US you work with them , but then you also go and say , ’Look , we do n’t like what you ’re doing on the Those friends rights level,’ " she said . " We can have both the US those conversations . " " If the President goes and says that somebody her fantastic     fantastic the US what ? " she added . " You know he was n’t talking about human rights . . .. There ’s a reason he did her say that . But those the President conversations that we have , as well . That ’s what you do the President friends . " The ambassador also said the administration ’s focus is on stopping terrorism and destroying ISIS , but " we are not going to stop calling people out when we see something wrong . " Also this week , Trumps will the administration with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his     resort the administration Florida , where the subject of North Korea ’s nuclear proliferation will be a focus of conversation . Chinese President Xi Jinping her remarks , Haley blasted China for not doing enough to stop North Korea ’s nuclear and missile tests . " That Haley the goal of this weekend , is to make sure that North Korea’s are willing to act on North Korea , because we know that , at the end of the day , the China one that North Korea is really going North Korea’s to is China , " she said . Although Haley ’s emphasis on human rights abuses contrasts with North Korea’s actions of Trump and others in the administration China she emphasized Haley the administration was nevertheless supportive .   " We believe it ’s very important that we talk about human rights , and the Haley has been the administration of me talking about human rights , the administration she the administration . 
 Haley Haley the administration the administration 