Washington ( CNN ) Tens of thousands of people say Tens of thousands of people are participating in a " Women ’s March on Washington " the day after    Donald Trump is inaugurated . The event , which is publicized on Facebook and scheduled for January 21 , has garnered national attention and is titled the " Women ’s March on Washington . " Previously , it was called the " Million Women March on D. C. " As of Saturday , the page had more than 44 , 000 individuals who said they were going , with more than 121 , 000 people saying they were interested . Fontaine Pearson , one of the march ’s organizers , said in a phone call that the march is not a protest against Trump or the legitimacy of the election , but said it is to shed light on women ’s issues , including sexual assault and workplace discrimination .   " We ’re strong , but this has been a very difficult election for a lot of women , " Pearson said , also noting that she Pearson seen interest from individuals on both side of political aisle .   Essie Labrot said in a phone call she Pearson " definitely going . " Labrot said she has been involved in local and state democratic politics Labrot was a Hillary Clinton supporter , but said this was more than just election politics .   " It ’s a little more personal for me , " Labrot said .   Labrot said she is attending to Labrot show solidarity to Labrot , Labrot , and everyone who is going to participate . " " We ’re still here , and we will be watching , " Labrot said .    We page ’s description says it Labrot a " inclusive march " for " everyone The page’s description supports women ’s rights , " and has multiple additional groups set up by state that are coordinating travel to D. C. for the march .   Pearson said the march is part of a broader grassroots movement that the march will allow more action at state levels .   Pearson event ’s conception comes in light of Trump ’s White House victory , which has sparked protests in major cities across the United States .   Trump was widely criticized during the campaign for remarks he made Trump a 2005 tape in which he bragged that Trump could grope women and get away with Trump . Soon Trump , several women came forward alleging that Trump sexually assaulted them . Clinton won the female vote with Trump % of several women voting for her , but Trump still garnered 42 % of women voters Clinton despite 70 Trump of voters saying Trump ’s treatment of women bothered them .   " There Trump real hunger for this , women Pearson said . 
 