’   ’ "    Jeff Gundlach , Wall Street ’s bond god , thinks the world of    monetary and fiscal policy is about to pivot . " ’   ’ ’    He explained that it was on July 6th when He decided that the    narrative that benchmark interest rates around the world would    stay lower for longer was " getting quite old . " ’ "    He cited several reasons : inflation is picking up , the    dollar did not strengthen after the Federal Reserve raised rates    the last time . Also there ’s this : " ’    " In the investment world when you hear ’’ never ’’ , ’’ ’’ ( as in rates    are ’’ never going up ’’ ) " it’ ’s probably about to happen , " said    Gundlach , who is   ’ "    Now , an uptick in inflation and the   dollar ’s tolerance for higher    rates are factors that do n’t necessarily require urgency .       generally without urgency there is no change in policy .       are also factors he    in his    presentation ,     back in September . " ’    But there is one thing that has changed since    then . That one thing that has changed since   then Deutsche Bank . ’ ’    " You can not save your faltering economy by killing the financial    system , " said Gundlach . ’ "    That is , in effect , what low rates do . Over the last few weeks    the world has watched as Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank to convince    investors and the public that it is in Deutsche Bank sound fiscal position .    Two weeks    the US threatened the bank with Deutsche Bank $ 14    billion fine for transgressions that led up to the financial    crisis , and the bank ’s stock Deutsche Bank plummet . " "    In euros , Deutsche Bank ’s stock price has hovered near the single    digits . " ’    " There’ ’s something about big banks being in the single digits    that makes people nervous , " Gundlach said . ’ "    He believes that Germany will bail Gundlach Deutsche Bank , despite the    fact that the government has said that it Germany do no such    Germany . The problem is n’t Deutsche Bank in his mind , though   — Gundlach it ’s    other banks in a Germany position that do n’t have countries like    Germany to bail them out . " "    He countries like   Germany Credit Suisse , arguing Gundlach Switzerland ca n’t handle    a banking catastrophe its size . " ’    So    will the new world order be if rates must go up to save    international banks ?   ’ ’    " I can bring back inflation by 5:00 pm by giving everyone $ 1    billion . The lines at BMW lots would be a sight to see , " he    joked . ’ "    What he ’s saying is that now is he time to pivot to fiscal    stimulus . Both presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary    Clinton have talked about spending hundreds of billions on    infrastructure and other investments . Meanwhile , US debt to GDP    has been stable since 2011 , and no one is really talking about    the deficit anymore . " "    Here ’s a key chart he showed to the crowd . It was also in his    last presentation : " ’ he ’ ’      ’ 
 