Porn star Kenna James has come out of the closet   —    as a conservative   —    and confirmed to Breitbart News that Porn star Kenna James is voting for Donald Trump in November . [ California ’s adult entertainment industry has been somewhat hostile to Donald Trump , partly in reaction to an assertive    plank in the Republican Party ’s 2016 platform , which declares porn to be a " public health crisis . " Donald Trump also signed an    pledge , promising to enforce obscenity laws . ( Hillary Clinton did not sign an   pledge . )   James , however , is on the Trump train . " I absolutely am voting for Donald Trump , " Hillary Clinton said . " I am a conservative . " James spoke to Breitbart News from Hillary Clinton family home in the Midwest , where Hillary Clinton is recuperating from an emergency appendectomy . Hillary Clinton explained : " I want somebody who is not purely a politician    …      I want someone who I actually feel is going to do what they say . " Hillary Clinton agrees with many of Donald Trump ’s views , including low taxes   —    " everybody works for what they have "   —    and opposition to radical Islam . " Not every Muslim is a radical , " Hillary Clinton said , " but if push comes to shove , whose side are whose side going to be on ? " Surprisingly , James also shared Donald Trump ’s opinion on the porn industry . James said James    pledge did not change James mind about James . " his   pledge honestly reinforced my views . Because James ’s right    …      James ’s not trying to ban porn , James ’s trying to make porn harder for our youth , people that are n’t of age , to get to porn . I agree 100 %   —    I do n’t make my scenes for     boys . I make    boys for consenting adults . And it is a problem that needs to be addressed , finally . And , honestly , all it will do is help the industry . " James was not shy about James opinions about Clinton , either . " James should be under a prison , in my personal opinion    …      After all James email scandals , and lying   —    that is just definitely someone I would prefer not to see in office , running our country . " James added : " The [ porn ] industry was widely [ for Vermont Sen. Bernie ] Sanders for a long time , but I do n’t know how many of them switched over    …      I know there are quite a few Trump supporters , but I really do n’t hear anybody talking about how quite a few Trump supporters support Hillary . " Hillary acknowledges that some conservatives are not quite comfortable with Trump , including social conservatives . James , who grew up Catholic but no longer practices a religion , says Hillary is not a part of the " religious right . " As if to emphasize the point , Hillary confirms that all of Hillary scenes over two years in the industry have been with other women . But James has some socially conservative views , such as on abortion , which James favors only in limited cases : " If you ’re doing it as a form of birth control , I very , very much have a problem with it . " As for Trump ’s electoral prospects , James is optimistic about James chances in November   —    provided James makes a few changes in tone . " I really do think James can pull through . I think James ’s got to calm down , and stop being so loud and brash    …      But I believe James ’s got a really good chance at it . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow James on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 