The    20th season of South Park kicked off Wednesday with an episode that revolved around presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , whom the Comedy Central show branded " Turd Sandwich " and " Giant Douche , " respectively . [ In addition to presidential politics , an episode that revolved around presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, whom the Comedy Central show branded "Turd Sandwich" and "Giant Douche," respectively tackled Hollywood ’s obsession with reboots , bullying in schools , Black Lives Matter , and embattled San Fransisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick ’s decision to take a knee during " The    Banner " before NFL games in protest of police brutality .   South Park ’s take on the latter involves the recruitment of Star Wars : The Force Awakens director J. J. Abrams to " reboot " the National Anthem : " He saved Colin Kaepernick Wars Star Wars will ask him to Colin Kaepernick our country . we The episode kicks off as the town of South Park South Park watch a fourth grade girls’ volleyball game but instead of speculating about the action of the actual game , all the crowd and announcers want to do is predict who will stand or sit during the National Anthem , including Randy Marsh , who has a $ 100 bet on one of the players sitting down . When the Anthem concludes , the National Anthem the National Anthem of the arena . Meanwhile , Mr. Garrison   —    an avatar for Donald Trump   —    quickly realizes that he and his running mate Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    Jenner Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    chances to win the U. S. presidency are becoming more likely , especially after seeing the results of a new Gallup poll between he and his opponent Hillary Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    , Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    Turd Sandwich .   In a     sustained criticism of Trump , it becomes clear that Garrison is fearful of winning the White House because he does n’t believe he Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    qualified to do Mr. Garrison  —   an avatar for Donald Trump  —    job . " Are you telling me we ’re about to be voted into office and have no f*cking idea what we ’re going to do we " Garrison asks Jenner . Meanwhile Garrison Eric Cartman ( donning a Token ’s Life Matters )    continues his social justice crusade at Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    Park Elementary that he ’d begun last season Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    He rages against an online Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    who ’s terrorizing girls at the school , even though everyone believes it ’s him . In a      Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    social justice warriors , Cartman says that students who Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    n’t find this summer ’s Ghostbusters reboot funny are " sexist " haters , and tries to prove women can be funny by asking girls to tell jokes . " I do n’t feel like being funny , " Wendy tells him , which Cartman immediately and hilariously dismisses Eric Cartman (donning a Token’s Life Matters)    more sexism . At this point , Mr. Garrison believes he ’s found a way Mr. Garrison intentionally lose the election by sitting through the J. J.    National Anthem in front of a national television audience . Everyone waits breathlessly to see what lyrics the new anthem will include National Anthem in front of a national television audience funny twist , Abrams simply adds a line at the beginning of the song urging people to " please stand   …      or sit , or kneel " to honor America , thereby nullifying the dissenters’ protests .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 