Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos appeared on Breitbart News Daily today with executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon to discuss a number of topics , chief among them the shooting in Orlando earlier this week [   " I take no pleasure whatsoever , I really do n’t , in saying I told you so here " said Milo . " In November I was saying that mass Muslim immigration terrifies me and that I did n’t care to make much of a distinction between Islamism and Islam . " " This is an Islamic culture problem , there is a structural problem with this religion that is preventing This followers from assimilating properly into Western culture . There is something profoundly antithetical to our values about this particular religion and the culture that surrounds it . " " This , I ’m afraid , is what happens when the left , with This hierarchy of victimhood , puts the wrong people at the top . The problem with making Muslims ‘ victim number one’ is that they want to kill everybody else in the pyramid . " " This is a religion and religious culture that has proven This to have no respect for the rights of women , to have contempt and loathing for homosexuals , that is the case everywhere there is Islam , this is not terrorism this is mainstream Muslim society , 11 or 12 countries , whatever it is , where I could be killed for being homosexual , just for being who I am . " " Over one hundred million people live in Muslim countries where it is illegal to be gay , 52 % of British Muslims believe that gay sex should be against the law , this is not crazy wacky terrorist in Syria , this is in our own cities . " " You can take your view on homosexuality if you ’re a christian and have some problems with it , whatever , but there is a world of difference between a Christian baker that says y’know what I ’d rather not cater a lesbian wedding and a Muslim who may or may not have tendencies himself that this religion , twisted into a sorted of self loathing murderousness , who then takes to a nightclub and kills 50 people and injures 50 more . " " The left has to make a decision , does The left want female emancipation , does The left want gay rights , does The left want equality for everyone , does The left want all of the fruits of western capitalist democracy or does The left want Islam . " " I ’ve noticed on Twitter these little floods of gay people who , in spite of themselves , themselves ’re thinking of voting for Trump , this is what the left has done by systematically ignoring and abusing the minorities that the left claims to represent , that the left claims to look after , the left is driving people into arms of someone like Donald Trump . " 
 