Hollywood actress and    activist Scarlett Johansson says any talk about cutting funding to controversial abortion provider Planned Parenthood is " nuts . " [ In an exclusive interview for the upcoming May issue of Cosmopolitan magazine , Johansson , 31 , discusses using Planned Parenthood ’s services , saying that with country facing issues such as terrorism and " global warming , " a conversation about defunding Planned Parenthood is evidence " we ’re moving backward . "   " There are countries at war , there ’s terrorism , global warming , and we ’re like , ‘ We we definitely cut the budget for Planned Planned Parenthood Let ’s take we the availability of women ’s health initiatives ! ’ " she said . " It ’s nuts . We ’re talking about preventing cervical and breast cancers . " Johansson adds : " Growing up , I used [ Planned Parenthood ’s ] services . All my girlfriends did —   not just for birth control but for Pap smears and breast exams . You read about the rise of    abortions , women having to mutilate themselves and women having to seek help in unsafe conditions , and for what ? ! " " We ’re moving backward when we ’re We to be moving forward , " she added , Planned Parenthood again came scrutiny last year after videos recorded in secret by David Daleiden and the Center for Medical Progress allegedly showed the organization ’s personnel negotiating the sale of the livers , lungs , hearts and other organs of aborted babies . Planned Parenthood ’s alleged selling of aborted unborn children has been a heated topic on the campaign trail and in the debates . Citing the organization the organization’s free health services for women , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said in February he would " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Planned Parenthood as long as they ’re doing the organization’s . " Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz described Planned Parenthood as Planned Parenthood criminal enterprise " and called for an investigation into its business practices . Planned Parenthood told Breitbart News Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz last August : " It is not sufficient to simply say we ’re spending taxpayer funds for one division of the ongoing criminal enterprise , rather than anther division . We should defund Planned Parenthood across the Planned Parenthood Beyond that , the Department of Justice should investigate this criminal conduct and prosecute any and all crimes that investigation uncovers . " Johansson has not made an official endorsement , but said last year she was " excited " Johansson Hillary Clinton ’s presidential bid . On Tuesday ’s episode of The View on ABC , Clinton reiterated on her claim Hillary Clinton’s last weekend Hillary Clinton’s an unborn child , even on its due date , has an unborn child constitutional rights . A Planned Parenthood political advocacy executive criticized Clinton for referring to a Hillary Clinton’s fetus " as an " unborn child " In collaboration with Planned Parenthood , Johansson launched a      line in 2014 . Read Johansson ’s partial Cosmo Johansson Johansson The May edition of the magazine will be available on newsstands on April 12 . 
 