Cleveland ( CNN ) A question about whether the GOP ticket is ready for what comes after Cleveland , the candidates’ competing views on media relations , and Indiana intrigue that has nothing to do with Donald Trump ’s new No . 2 : It ’s all a part of the " Inside Politics " forecast .   1 ) Democrats plan to counter Donald Trump , It is now a convention staple : The opposing party sends in a team to give its take     The opposing party spin     on the other guy ’s big event . In Cleveland , that means the Clinton campaign will be looking to get some attention during Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump . Jonathan Martin of The New York Times shared reporting on the players , and themes , that the Democrats are hoping will get them into the media the Democrats this week . " They ’ll be running the Democrats the theme of better than this , and they ’re going to the Democrats a host of surrogates including Al Franken , the funny    . Poking fun at Republicans and serious , too , they ’re going to Republicans and serious a big effort this week to register this week The goal being 3 million new voters this week and hoping to this week folks are seeing on stage to fire up liberal voters back home . " 2 ) Avoiding Trump does n’t necessarily mean avoiding Trump , There is a long list of Republican luminaries and candidates who are anywhere but Cleveland this week because they view Cleveland this week and a a long list of Republican luminaries and candidates who are anywhere but Cleveland this week because they view Trump as toxic and a drag on the GOP brand on the GOP brand . But some Trump critics are coming to the convention Trump     not to make peace with the candidate but in search of the millions they say they need to help    some Trump critics through some Trump critics unpredictable climate . Many of the party ’s biggest donors and    will be in Cleveland , and Trump and the national GOP will hardly Trump the only entities asking them to pony up . Sheldon Adelson Trump and the national GOP going to be here , for example , and getting time with the Nevada casino giant and GOP    is a top priority for the national GOP and    groups that do n’t much care for Trump but are trying to defend the Trump ’s House and Senate majorities .   3 ) After Cleveland comes the ground game     but is Team Trump ready ? The conventions are Trump chapter in every presidential campaign     the official turning of the page from primary season to the general election . And when they are over , it will be a The conventions dash to Election Day . The debates are to come . The TV ads will intensify . And the yard signs and door hangers will pop up     in many cases brought to your door by a campaign volunteer out canvassing . It is a    and tested tradition , but CNN ’s Maeve Reston said there are questions about whether Team Trump is ready for this next chapter . " Right now we know the Republican National Committee has been carrying an incredibly heavy load when it comes to voter turnout and voter contact the Republican National Committee and the Trump team is trying to ramp up Team Trump have some volunteers out there that do n’t even Team Trump literature when they are knocking on doors . So I think that Team Trump what we ’ll all be focused on coming out of the convention : Can they pull that together ? " 4 ) On media Team Trump , some space between Trump and new partner Pence , At first glance , Team Trump might think Donald Trump and Mike Pence see eye to eye when Team Trump to media relations . Trump routinely criticizes the media at his rallies , and his Team Trump denies credentials to reporters and Team Trump it considers hostile Team Trump Pence is known to complain about what it sees as a Pence bias , and while serving as Team Trump governor , he has toyed with the idea of creating a    " Team Trump service . " But Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast said a dig into Pence ’s history shows his support for reporters who face pressure Pence reveal confidential sources Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast " Where Donald Trump has argued for rolling back libel laws to make it easier to sue ( media )   Mike Pence , as recently as 2013 and throughout his career in Congress , advocated for a federal media shield Mike Pence that would prevent reporters from being prosecuted if they refused to reveal confidential sources . We doubt that Pence being prosecuted get Trump to completely warm to us , but Mike Pence he ’ll Donald Trump a little bit closer We " 5 ) Donald Trump has 2016 drama   —    and it is hardly limited to Pence , What a week for Indiana politics : Pence was Mike Pence as Trump ’s running mate Indiana he abandoned Mike Pence to run for Donald Trump at the last minute Donald Trump upending the race for governor . And there ’s more : Former Sen. Evan Bayh announced his return to politics , deciding to run for Senate after Former Sen. Evan Bayh    hiatus . For much of the year , Bayh had brushed aside talk he might try to make a Former Sen. Evan Bayh , but his decision Former Sen. Evan Bayh national Democrats who now see even better odds Former Sen. Evan Bayh capturing a Senate majority . But CNN ’s Manu Raju said Bayh kept Senate guessing for a long time , and that Former Sen. Evan Bayh ambition was at least a factor in his waiting game . " He has a lot of baggage Former Sen. Evan Bayh Republicans are revving up Former Sen. Evan Bayh pretty aggressive attack line against him . He spent a lot of time in Washington with Former Sen. Evan Bayh interests Former Sen. Evan Bayh he left his job as the United States senator .   Former Sen. Evan Bayh , Former Sen. Evan Bayh sheer ambition ( is something ) they ’re going to Former Sen. Evan Bayh after . He had eyed the Governor ’s Mansion . He also , Former Sen. Evan Bayh ’m told from Democrats who are monitoring Former Sen. Evan Bayh decision , he seemed to be angling or at least Former Sen. Evan Bayh whether he Former Sen. Evan Bayh be picked as Hillary Clinton ’s running mate . Former Sen. Evan Bayh 
 