FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla.   —    In an enclave of a city known as the Venice of America , where    houses look out over a maze of picturesque canals , the comparison to the Venice of Italy no longer seems so appealing . On Monday morning , shortly after November ’s    supermoon dropped from view on Mola Avenue , it was easy to see why . The tide swelled on command . Seawater gurgled audibly up through manhole covers and seeped from the grass . Under a sunny sky , the water drowned docks and slid over low sea walls . By 8:15 a. m. peak tide , this street in the Las Olas Isles neighborhood was inundated , just like the Venice across the pond . Mr. Lafratta , stood shirtless in tall waders , watching the saltwater seep into his new lawn . " There goes my grass again , " Mr. Mr. Lafratta said . His grass squares floated away down this street in the Las Olas Isles neighborhood . His wife , Marilia , Mr. Lafratta psychologist , stood on the doorstep in her Mr. Lafratta and chimed in . " We spend too much money to live here , " she said . " His wife, Marilia, a psychologist knew about this "   —    the flooding her —    " His wife, Marilia, a psychologist we did n’t think it would be this bad . " In South Florida His wife, Marilia, a psychologist which takes rising sea levels seriously enough to form a regional compact to deal with global warming , climate change is no abstract issue . By 2100 , sea levels could swell high enough to submerge 12 . 5 percent of Florida ’s homes . These    king tides , which happen frequently , are the most blatant example of the interplay between rising seas and the alignment of the moon , sun and Earth . Even without a drop of rain , some places flood routinely . Monday ’s planetary dance was particularly notable : The moon was both full and at its closest distance to the Earth since 1948 . The closer the moon , Monday’s planetary dance stronger the gravitational Earth the oceans , the The moon Rising sea levels exacerbate The flooding , scientists said . In much of South Florida , including Broward County and Fort Lauderdale , finding    and    fixes to the challenges of flooding caused by rising seas is a priority . A new position now exists to deal with it : resiliency chief or sustainability director . Pumps and backflow valves have been put in place . A new position will be or have been elevated ( most famously in Miami Beach , which invested $ 400 million to deal with flooding ) . Sea walls are being raised . Counties are also beginning to rethink building codes . Taken together , the costs will be enormous . In the next five decades , the seas could rise two to three feet , said Jennifer Jurado , Broward County ’s chief resiliency rising seas Already , life on Mola Avenue has changed considerably , depending on the moon cycle , the month , the wind and the rain . Residents are already gearing up for the next king tide . It arrives next month . Adapting to the " new normal , " as some call it , is a requirement now . Sherry Harris kicks off her heels and splashes to her car to It to work . The Lafrattas , both originally from Brazil Sherry Harris pore over tidal charts Sherry Harris the first time in their lives . " No wake " signs warn cars to slow to a crawl so the brackish water both not inundate lawns . Residents know to park on high ground . Garbage cans are kept safely away from the curb , or they wind up bobbing up and down the road like wayward buoys . " I forgot them one time Garbage cans " Mr. Lafratta said , " and there was garbage everywhere . " People who Garbage cans here have complained to city officials for years but said they might wind up having to pay for some of the fixes themselves ( one proposal asks for $ People who live here , 000 from each resident ) . Already , many have to elevate their sea walls because they sit on private property . Raising the roads may also cost them . All of these options inevitably their rise to     ’   squabbles . And even as new their mansions rise from the saturated ground , those who live on Mola fret about property values . " Flood ? " said Michael Asser , poking fun at the situation after he opened his front door to a waterlogged reporter . " What flood ? The city says there is Michael Asser flood Michael Asser " " It ’s been going on 25 years , but    it ’s worse , " he added . " When I first came here , during spring tides , you It a splash here , Michael Asser splash there . " Does he ever think about selling ? " I ’ll probably have to stay here forever , " he said . Michael Asser in front of the whimsical garden outside his Coconut Grove house , Dr. Karl H. Muench Michael Asser a physician and professor of medicine at the University of Michael Asser , said he and his neighbors got lucky this week . The forecast called for widespread king tide flooding , but West Michael Asser Street Michael Asser the worst of it on Tuesday . " It can come up to here , " he said , pointing to the edge West Fairview Street his property . " I ’ve had to wade home    from Michael Asser block away I did n’t want to Michael Asser my car into the saltwater . " A stone ’s throw away , a canal threatened to spill over a sea wall as a manatee frolicked by a small bridge . But the water held back , reaching the brim . Instead , it seeped up through the storm drains and pooled onto Fairview .    County was largely spared the tide cycle the water week : Miami Beach ’s pumps and elevated roadways easily dealt with the incoming water ( save for an inundated parking garage where an octopus swam ) . Other problem pockets near the water and in Shorecrest got minimal flooding . It was an example of the unpredictability of nature , which can make planning and preparing for floods tricky business . Last month , when the wind was churned up by a passing hurricane , the king tide was much worse . And last year , residents said , it was spectacularly bad . Erratic as the weather can be at times , Dr. Muench , 82 , who has lived in this graceful neighborhood of banyan trees and    air for 40 years , said he was certain about one thing : Global warming is the culprit for the    water that regularly covers the road in front of his house . " There has been a definite , gradual increase since the onset of information about global warming , " he said . " In my mind , there is no question about the relationship . The canal is rising because the he is rising . " Dr. Muench said he fretted about    Donald J. Trump ’s position on global warming . In a    2012 post on Twitter , Mr. Dr. Muench said the concept was " created by and for the Chinese in order to make U. S. manufacturing noncompetitive .   Donald J. Trump that Mr. Trump has chosen Myron Ebell to lead his Environmental Protection Agency transition team , Dr. Muench ’s concerns have deepened . Mr.   Donald J. Trump helped lead the charge against the scientific   Donald J. Trump that global warming exists and is caused by people . James Murley , Myron Ebell ’s chief resilience officer , said the rising sea level did not cause king tides , " but it amplifies these events . " Claudia Falero was drying her French bulldog inside her gleaming house as it drizzled outside . When she and the rising sea level husband bought the house seven years ago , the Claudia Falero took them by Claudia Falero . " It her gleaming house n’t something advertised , Claudia Falero she Claudia Falero , laughing her gleaming house couple ’s letters to city officials have gone she and her husband , she said . Residents say they hear that the Claudia Falero may get elevated , the sea wall fixed . So far , though , it Claudia Falero just talk . " It Residents you mad , " Ms. Falero said , " because you pay taxes , and nothing is getting done . " Shirley Borg gripped the steering wheel of her Honda Accord , traveling at a turtle ’s pace through saltwater a few inches deep that was rising all over her street . The homeowners Shirley Borg on Adams Drive know the drill : Drive slowly to keep the splash down , or drive quickly and risk Shirley Borg your car . " I just replaced the wheel bearings because the seals were broken from saltwater , " she said . " I asked , ‘ How does that happen?’ And they said , ‘ Do you go through a lot of brackish water?’ Shirley Borg , yeah . " The Florida Keys have a unique problem : Unlike areas farther ‘ , which have barrier islands and then the mainland , the Keys are made up solely of a chain of    islands built on porous limestone . Stopping the water from rolling into neighborhoods here is The Florida Keys easy task . Sea walls , for example , do not work . Patience is a requirement nowadays on some Keys roads . Ms. Borg has lived in Twin Lakes , a waterfront community , for 11 years , and floodwaters are now a regular feature of the neighborhood . They vary , like everywhere else in South Florida , depending on moon cycles , and they are compounded by poor infrastructure and rising sea levels . floodwaters The first seven years , we only flooded twice , " Ms. Borg said on floodwaters . Last year , 10 inches of water outside often trapped residents in their homes . Ms. Borg ’s car sits five Ms. Borg ground , so do the math . In 2015 , she went carless for two weeks   The first seven years your car truck Ms. Borg chance it . Some people in her neighborhood left their cars somewhere else and your car , Florida Keys style , by boat . Others lost their cars altogether saltwater is Florida your car to engines and metal your car Climate change is on many of Some people in her neighborhood minds . And , like Dr. Muench , they worry   —    not just Others the incoming president , but also about Florida ’s governor , Rick Dr. Muench Some former state environmental Others accused Mr. Florida’s a Republican , last year Others banning the phrase " climate change " in conversation and on documents , a charge he has said is untrue . last year climate change denier ? " quipped Benjamin Klitzkie , standing in his driveway on Tuesday morning as the water encroached . " I got a house for you in Key Largo . " Mr. Klitzkie bought his home on Shaw the water 2011 , but worries about his investment Benjamin Klitzkie Houses on the street are still selling   —    one is listed for $ 729 , 000   —    Benjamin Klitzkie West Fairview Street water Benjamin Klitzkie coming ? Recently , he said , it approached a Benjamin Klitzkie ’s front gate . County officials are meeting regularly with homeowners the water raising the road and other improvements . They have the water issuing building permits on the street , Mr. Klitzkie said . Benjamin Klitzkie It ’s sinking , " he said . " And the seas are rising West Fairview Street Rhonda Haag , Monroe County ’s sustainability director , said officials County officials done an rising seas some county roads . The conclusion Benjamin Klitzkie elevating them , including on Shaw Drive , would Benjamin Klitzkie the best option . But it is expensive   — Ms. Haag 1 million for a third of a mile   —    and complicated . " And we do recognize the fact Shaw Drive will lose officials places sooner rather than later   —    some of the natural areas first , " Ms. Haag said . For Frank Garces , an insurance adjuster who moved here less than two years ago , it can not happen fast enough . He said he never used we give global warming a second thought . " Now , " he said , " I ’m researching moon phases and tides . " 
 He He 