  ( CNN ) North Korea says North Korea could launch an intercontinental ballistic missile " at any time , " even as Pyongyang appeared to offer Donald Trump an avenue for future talks . Tensions on the Korean peninsula have risen considerably since leader Kim Jong Un said in leader Kim Jong Un new year ’s message that North Korea was close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) capable of delivering a nuclear weapon to the US mainland .   In a statement Sunday , a spokesman from North Korea ’s foreign minister said " the US is wholly to blame " for the development of its the US program . Speaking to NBC ’s " Meet the Press " on Sunday Sunday Defense Secretary Ash Carter called it a " serious threat " and said the the US shoot down any missile aimed at it or it ally .   China and South Korea on Monday denounced the North Korea missile threat , and warned that a test could lead to further sanctions . " If North Korea North Korea warning and launches an ICBM , it will face more powerful and thorough sanctions and pressure by the international community , " South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Moon    said .   Few options   Strict international sanctions have so far failed to prevent Pyongyang from developing its nuclear program Pyongyang In the Sunday statement , the country ’s Pyongyang alluded to those sanctions and Strict international sanctions officials " spout rubbish " when they assume Obama ’s policies US officials be maintained in future .   " Anyone who wants to deal with ( North Korea ) would be well advised to secure a new way of thinking after having clear understanding of it , " the statement said . John the Sunday statement associate professor of international studies at Yonsei University said the statement was " definitely a the Sunday statement the Trump transition team to say do n’t go down this dead end ( of sanctions ) . " Trump talks ? Following Pyongyang ’s apparent Trump threat in Kim ’s new year ’s speech , Trump tweeted that " North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the US . It wo n’t happen ! "   Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway was later asked on " Good Morning America " what the    intended to do to stop North Korea ’s nukes . " He ’s not stated that publicly , Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway he wo n’t before he ’s inaugurated Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway " Conway said Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway Analysts have said that Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway , through his own pronouncements and the failure of Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway Obama administration to prevent North Korea from developing its nuclear arsenal , is left with North Korea options . Since    talks broke down in 2009 , North Korea has claimed to have conducted North Korea nuclear tests , strengthening its hand in any future negotiations . " North Korea ’s no question signaling is going on , " Delury said .   " ( The North Koreans ) are trying to create some space for Trump to reverse the Obama policy and talk with them in a serious way . "   The North Koreans Bennett , a senior defense analyst at the Rand Corporation , told CNN last week that despite North Korea ’s apparent progress on a warhead , it does n’t yet have good enough missile North Korea rocket technology to deliver a nuke . The US has been working with South Korea to deploy the Terminal High Altitude North Korea system ( THAAD ) in that country , but the future of the program North Korea doubt under a Trump administration . 
 