Part of Donald Trump ’s appeal as a candidate is that Donald Trump’s has never served in public office . That also means that Donald Trump’s does n’t have a political record to stand on . [ But Donald Trump’s does have a business record . How consistent are Donald Trump business practices with his Donald Trump’s political positions ?   Having written quite a bit on the question of hypocrisy ( see , for example , my New York Times bestseller Do As I Say ( Not As I Do ) : Profiles in Liberal Hypocrisy ) I can say that there are often yawning gaps between what Trump Donald Trump other for and what he Donald Trump does . The New York Times reports that Trump , who has been brutally critical of companies that import foreign workers to take the job of American workers via foreign visa programs , has done that very thing at his Largo resort . But there are numerous other examples where Trump Donald Trump attacks on other corporations could be directed at his Donald Trump . Take , for example , Trump Trump’s held criticism on U. S. corporations who outsource their manufacturing jobs to Mexico and China . This has been a major part of his economic pitch . As Economics Professor Mark J. Perry at the University of    ( full disclosure : a friend ) has pointed out , Trump did that very thing with his own Trump brand . If it ’s bad that other companies do this , is n’t it bad this Trump does Trump too this The same goes for Trump ’s Trump major corporations such as Ford for setting up factories in places like Mexico . Trump has major Trump operations around the world and could be criticized for the same thing . As Economics Professor Donald Boudreaux of George Mason University says , " Trump is either Trump hypocritical or inexcusably ignorant of economics . There is zero economic difference between , say , a U. S. car company ’s investments abroad in factories and Mr. Trump ’s Trump abroad in hotels : both are meant to improve the bottom line of companies headquartered in the U. S. by taking advantage of profitable economic opportunities outside of the U. S. " the U. S. been Trump on the issue of taxes , arguing that the wealthy in the U. S. should pay more the U. S. individuals who use legitimate tax    to minimize their tax burden . In 2015 , for legitimate tax    , he critiqued Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos for using the Washington Post as a " tax shelter . " ( Because the paper operates at a loss , Bezos gets a tax deduction . ) Trump declared that the deduction was a " scam " to a tax deduction tax rate for Amazon . But Trump admits that he does Amazon same thing : Trump looks to Trump his tax burden . " Trump fight like hell Trump pay as little as possible for two reasons , " he admits . " Number one , I ’m Trump businessman . And that ’s the way you ’re supposed to do it . The other reason is that I hate the way our government spends our taxes . I hate the way they waste our money . Trillions and trillions of our government of our and abuse . And I hate it . " Why is it okay for Trump to " pay as little as possible " but not others ? Does Trump use tax shelters to minimize his tax burden Trump We ca n’t say for Trump . Trump has been unclear when , or if , Trump plans to release his own tax returns . Trump a public figure Trump hypocrite can turn into a cheap game . But when the inconsistencies revolve around a core issue that they claim to be passionate about , it ’s a legitimate issue . The Hollywood Starlet the inconsistencies professes her fear of global warming and overconsumption but flies The Hollywood Starlet the world in a massive private jet deserves criticism . So do candidates who attack others for their business practices but end up doing the same others themselves . 
 others 