Late Show host Stephen Colbert has been selected to anchor a live election night special for Showtime . [ Showtime chief David Nevins said Late Show host Stephen Colbert was the " obvious " choice to host the premium cable network ’s live coverage of the 2016 presidential race ’s decisive night , after the CBS star ’s two weeks of live coverage last month during the Republican and Democratic National Conventions produced a significant ratings boost for The Late Show , which has struggled to gain traction since David Letterman ’s departure last year .   " The Circus has way more impact than I expected , " Nevins said Thursday according to Deadline , referencing Nevins network ’s presidential election cycle    The Circus : Inside the Greatest Political Show on Earth . " That ’s that ’s what made me first start thinking about " having Colbert host an election night special , " and who was the talent to do that . Colbert was the obvious one , " Nevin said . Colbert reprised Nevin Comedy Central character , the faux blowhard conservative " Stephen Colbert , " during a live Late Show segment last month at the RNC in a segment that also featured former Daily Show host Jon Stewart ( though Comedy Central later told CBS the character could no longer appear on CBS due to copyright claims ) . According to Deadline , Colbert ’s special election coverage for Showtime will    the regularly scheduled episode of The Late Show , Showtime Showtime chief Gary Levine said . Colbert Colbert struggled to    Late Show ratings since taking over for David Letterman last September , and he David Letterman trails NBC ’s Late Night Starring Jimmy Fallon and ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel Live ! It is not yet known what Colbert Colbert election night coverage for Showtime will entail . Last month , Colbert Colbert a costume from the Hunger Games film franchise and took over a microphone on the floor of the Republican National Convention center to mock Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . At the center of power at the RNC pic . twitter .    —    Stephen Colbert ( @StephenAtHome ) July 17 , 2016 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 