Friday on CNN ’s " Situation Room , " 2012 Republican presidential nominee former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s "   racism and bigotry ,    misogyny " were " dangerous to the heart and character of America . "   Partial transcript as follows , BLITZER : Do you believe presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump can change ? ROMNEY : I believe who presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is has been revealed by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lifetime and by words in the campaign presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has spoken to this point . BLITZER : Because presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump did tone down rhetoric in that speech the other day . Reince Priebus , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that was here this weekend with you called this weekend a great victory speech and the right approach . Trump says it is time to move on now . Is that okay with you if Trump moves on and you forget about all of the other stuff ? You think it is time to move on ? ROMNEY : Well , I can imagine that Trump would like to have people move on and forget what was said during the primary process and what ’s been said over the years , but we actually take the measure of an individual over their people career and during the primary as well . On that basis , get a sense of the person ’s character , integrity , values with regards to race , religion , gender , and Mr. Trump has made that clear through the campaign to this point . I am absolutely convinced that Reince Priebus is right when he Reince Priebus Mr. Mr. Trump be able to read from the text and present a different image going forward , but that is not something which is consistent with who he is Mr. Trump demonstrated by his past Mr. Trump BLITZER :   Do you think he should Mr. Trump a pass if he stops Mr. Trump about Judge Curiel ? ROMNEY : Everyone else can make their assessment Everyone else He indicated ROMNEY he believes ROMNEY his heart ROMNEY Mexicans and about race by comments he made ROMNEY Judge Curiel Judge Curiel may try ROMNEY distance himself from that ROMNEY but we know what he believes , ROMNEY he did n’t ROMNEY say it once , it was n’t it slip of the tongue which he went back ROMNEY apologized for . First of all , he has repeated ROMNEY time and time again , and secondly has never apologized for it , so it obviously sticks ROMNEY what he believes . ROMNEY : What would he have to ROMNEY to win your support ? ROMNEY : I do n’t think there ’s anything I am looking for from Mr. Trump to give him my support Mr. Trump your support demonstrated who Mr. Trump is and I Mr. Trump that a person of that nature should not be the one who , if you will , becomes the example for coming generations or the example of Americans of the world . Look , I do n’t want to see    racism . I do n’t want to see a president of the United States saying things which change the character of the generations of Americans that are following . Presidents have an impact on the nature of our nation , and America and bigotry ,    misogyny , all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America . So I ’m not looking for Mr. Trump to change a policy that more aligns with my own . This is not a matter of just policy , it is a matter of This and integrity . BLITZER : Do you think he is racist ? ROMNEY Mr. Trump I think his comments time and again Mr. Trump to the racist tendency that exists in some people and I think that ’s dangerous . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 