Washington ( CNN ) Former US attorney Preet Bharara on Sunday talked about the three times Donald Trump called Former US attorney Preet Bharara , and the one time Donald Trump did n’t answer . Former US attorney Preet Bharara was a US attorney until March , when the President fired Former US attorney Preet Bharara after Former US attorney Preet Bharara refused to resign along with a raft of other    Justice Department attorneys . The sudden showdown came after several interactions with Donald Trump during Donald Trump transition to the presidency , when Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Former US attorney Preet Bharara had two " unusual phone calls " with Former US attorney Preet Bharara . " When I ’ve been reading the stories of how the President has been contacting ( former FBI Director ) Jim Comey over time , felt a little bit like deja vu , " Former US attorney Preet Bharara said on ABC ’s " This Week . " Trump invited Former US attorney Preet Bharara to Trump Tower in New York a few weeks after the election , and Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Trump Trump Former US attorney Preet Bharara to stay on at the time .   Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Trump Trump Former US attorney Preet Bharara twice during the transition " ostensibly just to shoot the breeze . " " It was a little bit uncomfortable , " Former US attorney Preet Bharara said . " But Former US attorney Preet Bharara was not the President . Former US attorney Preet Bharara was only the   . " The former US attorney said Trump Trump Former US attorney Preet Bharara one more time     in March , after Trump Trump taken office .   " I refused to return the call , " Former US attorney Preet Bharara said .   Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Former US attorney Preet Bharara talked to Former US attorney Preet Bharara team and reported the phone call to Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ chief of staff , saying it the phone call to Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ chief of staff Trump Trump was trying to cultivate some kind of relationship . " Former US attorney Preet Bharara explained it the phone call to Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ chief of staff important for Former US attorney Preet Bharara to stay at " arm ’s length " from the President given the    attorney ’s jurisdiction over business interests , including the Trump Organization ’s , in New York .   Former US attorney Preet Bharara also argued that Trump Trump such outreach was problematic .   Former US attorney Preet Bharara said 22 hours after Former US attorney Preet Bharara declined to return the call , Former US attorney Preet Bharara was asked to resign along with the other US attorneys .   Obstruction of justice , In the interview Sunday , Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Former US attorney Preet Bharara thought there is enough evidence to open an investigation against Trump Trump obstruction of justice , but Former US attorney Preet Bharara warned people from jumping to a conclusion either way . " No one knows right now whether there is a provable case of obstruction , " Former US attorney Preet Bharara said . Former US attorney Preet Bharara said Former US attorney Preet Bharara suspected Department of Justice special counsel Robert Mueller would look at obstruction of justice as part of the executive branch ’s investigation , saying it would be a reasonable assumption " if Bob Mueller is looking at everything that you would expect him Bob Mueller look at . Good prosecutors look at everything . And this would seem to be one of those things that he Bob Mueller looking at . " Bharara attended the Senate intelligence committee hearing featuring testimony from Comey on Thursday . Comey Comey the committee that Trump asked him Comey drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn during a private Oval Office meeting in February .   In a press conference Friday , Trump Trump doing that , but also said " there would be nothing wrong " if he Trump . Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn in February February it emerged that he former national security adviser Michael Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls he former national security adviser Michael Flynn with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . 
 