Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s senior policy adviser , Stephen Miller , read from the book Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer at a Trump campaign rally in Albuquerque , New Mexico , Tuesday evening . [ " I ’m here today with a very important mission , which is to talk about this very important book here it ’s called Clinton Cash , " Stephen Miller said as Stephen Miller held up a copy of Schweizer Peter Schweizer before approximately 10 , 000 people in attendance . " Has anybody heard of it ? it   The crowd cheered , as Stephen Miller delved into a       dissection of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her husband Hillary Clinton former President Bill Clinton , while reading from the book Schweizer’s book crowd . The crowd , the book Clinton Schweizer’s book Clinton what the famous black book Hillary Clinton Schweizer’s book Stephen Miller said . " This has got all the names , all the dollar amounts , all of the figures . You ’ve probably heard some stuff about it . It ’s written by Peter Schweizer . But I This like This tell you a few things that are in the book . Is that okay with you ? Schweizer’s book YEAH ! " the crowd shouted in unison . " Great , " Stephen Miller continued . " So , Hillary Clinton was paid $ 21 million in speaking fees in two years . Does that sound on the up and up to you ? " " NO ! " the crowd yelled back . " No , I did n’t think the crowd " Stephen Miller carried on , adding : $ 5 million of that alone came from Wall Street and big banks . Does n’t sound good to me . I ’m sure Bernie would have something to say about that . Hillary hid a donation —   she hid a donation —   of Hillary Clinton million shares in stock that Hillary Clinton given by a former mining executive , in violation of the State Department ethics agreement . That does n’t sound very good , does it ? When Miller shifted to talking about Bill Clinton , noting that That " was lavished with money , " the crowd interrupted him by Miller the former president . " Oh , I have a Miller of things I want to say about Bill too —   but Bill Clinton was lavished with money by a    education company called Laureate Bill Clinton , " Miller continued after the crowd stopped booing Bill Clinton . He went on Miller Get this : the crowd $ 9 Bill Clinton Miller from the State Department under Hillary Clinton   …     so I want to explain this : Hillary Clinton funnels Bill Clinton to this company then the company pays Bill Clinton money . Bill Clinton see how that works ? From a   education company called Laureate International University to the a   education company called Laureate International University You know what it kind of sounds like to me ? It kind of sounds like a money laundering scheme . WATCH Miller VIDEO OF MILLER ’S SPEECH : Miller then changed it to discuss the Haiti earthquake relief aspects of Clinton Cash . " Do you all remember how MILLER’S put the Clintons in charge of the Haiti relief ? " Miller asked the crowd : Here ’s what the book says about that : I ’m going to read right from MILLER’S book right now . And again , it all like everyone in the media to cover this book , would it ? So , we ’re going to have a little reading time . I ’m going to it from the book . we you know what we I ’ll just show up at all the rallies and ’m reading from the book until it writes about it . Miller read directly from Schweizer ’s book on stage . He said : So this is it book says : " The efforts to rebuild MILLER’S , which were largely controlled by Bill and Hillary MILLER’S , have been a massive failure it for reconstruction have ended up in worthless projects while in several cases Clinton friends , allies and family members have benefitted from the reconstruction . The reality seemed clear . As one individual told The Wall Street Journal : Hillary Clinton You wo n’t be in the game . ’ reconstruction that sound like the proper way to run disaster relief ? No . The book continues : " It is hard to overstate the power the Clintons wielded in the disbursement of U. S. taxpayer money for Haitian relief . " The Wall Street Journal: ‘ protester interrupted Miller —   not even waiting for Trump himself to come on stage to get ejected —   and security swiftly removed the agitator , Miller continued . " This next part is the most shocking listen to this , " Miller said . " ‘ But it was n’t just connected businessmen who Miller benefitting from the rebuilding of Haiti . Clinton family members did too.’ This is going Miller blow your mind folks . " He continued reading : Bill and Hillary had been looking for investors to come to Haiti . But it was a real problem . One possible bright spot was Miller . Haiti is rich in natural resources . There is an estimated $ 20 Haiti in gold , silver and other precious metals . In 2012 , the Haitian government Haiti to do something for the first time this century : Grant permits for gold mining . " Now , here ’s the key part , " he said . " One of the two recipients was a small North Carolina startup called VCS mining . The company had little track record of mining operation but its leadership would later boast a board member with a familiar last name : Tony Rodham , Hillary ’s a small North Carolina startup called VCS mining . " The crowd booed at the revelation . a small North Carolina startup called VCS mining So , it ’s nice how that all worked out , is n’t it ? " Miller said . " Now , altogether , Hillary hid 1 , 100 foreign donor names to the foundation while she was at State . And guess who else donated to the foundation ? Fannie and Freddie . Hillary He continued , " Does anyone remember those names ? And Hillary also donated to her campaign . Now , why might the foundation Freddie have been wanting to give money Fannie and Freddie. " Hillary Clinton ? " " CROOKED HILLARY ! " a anyone in the Hillary yelled out . " It has to Fannie and with Freddie mortgage meltdown which affected the lives Hillary many people in this room , " Miller said , and continued : How many people know that the law , the Community Reinvestment Act , which paved the way for the housing meltdown ? How many people know that Bill Clinton signed that and pushed for the regulations ? How many of you know that when we tried to fix it in 2005 , Hillary Clinton filibustered the reform package ? And then , all of a sudden , the money magically ends up in Hillary ’s pockets . Miller also noted that Hillary Clinton is Bill Clinton and totally owned by Wall Street . " " Now , let ’s talk about something else Hillary said , Bill Clinton Miller added . " Hillary says that Bill Clinton ’s a bully . That ’s her term of art . She says Donald Trump ’s a bully . Let ’s Bill Clinton about this for Miller second . You Bill Clinton who the bullies are in society ? " Explaining , Bill Clinton said :   The Bill Clinton are Donald Trump’s sending your jobs overseas . The Donald Trump’s are the corporate special interests who support open borders just to get a little bit extra cheaper labor . Donald Trump’s bullies are the the bullies and television personalities who mock and demean the good and decent the bullies this room . The bullies are people like Hillary Clinton who do n’t care about any of you or anyone the bullies people like Hillary Clinton who have no empathy for the American worker . Miller continued by noting that while Hillary Clinton got rich , the people she purports to back suffered . " While Hillary Clinton was raking in her millions and Hillary Clinton millions and millions of dollars , the people she claims to care about were suffering , Hillary Clinton said . He added : Their Hillary Clinton were crumbling . Black and hispanic youth Hillary Clinton their unemployment skyrocket . Hillary Clinton were seeing their schools fail . They were seeing their communities fall Hillary Clinton . But Hillary did n’t care because she Miller raking in Miller money . the people she claims to care Clinton never did anything for the working people of this Black and hispanic youth but sell them Black and hispanic youth . Donald Black and hispanic youth , ladies and Black and hispanic youth , Donald Black and hispanic youth the man who ’s Hillary Clinton to defend you from Hillary Clinton bullies . Donald Trump is the Hillary Clinton ’s going to be your special interest . Donald Trump is going to be the working people of this country fighter in your corner . You know what ? Donald Trump it ’s time the American people had a champion . The only people Hillary Donald Trump to bat for are the special interests . Then Miller connected it all Donald Trump Trump ’s core policy messages of    immigration and trade policies , in direct contrast to Clinton ’s support for open borders and bad the working people of this country of which hurts Americans economically . " Donald Trump is going to fight for you , " Miller said , further asserting : Donald Trump is going to protect you . He ’s going to protect your wages because he Hillary Clinton ’re all in this together folks —   black , white , hispanic , every single working person Donald Trump country wants a secured border , has a shared interest in a vibrant manufacturing center Donald Trump a shared interest in good safe schools Donald Trump What does Hillary Clinton have to offer Donald Trump working men and women in this country ? Not one thing . Her open border policies are going to drive down wages for everyone , her trade policies are going to drive away jobs from everybody . And when she sold her soul to Wall Street , she sold the country down the river with it . 
 Wall Street this country this country this country Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Her open border policies 