Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer endorsed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for president on Saturday . [ Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer stated Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer believes GOP frontrunner Donald Trump will secure the border :   Arizona ’s unsecured border is the gateway of illegal immigration into the United States and the politicians in Washington D. C. have continually failed to secure Arizona’s unsecured border . As I ’ve always said : A nation without borders is like a house without walls   —    it A nation without borders . As Arizona’s Governor , I witnessed too much heartache , loss and suffering caused by illegal immigration . I ’ve seen communities destroyed by the drugs , gangs , drop houses and cartels . The cost of health care , education and incarceration for illegal immigrants places a crushing burden on taxpayers . Workers of all backgrounds are deprived of jobs and income from our open , bleeding border . " For years I pleaded with the federal government to do their job the federal government secure our border . Today , we can our a President who will do just that   —    Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump our borders , defend our workers and protect our sovereignty . our Trump will   Donald J. Trump our law enforcement , our police and our immigration officers . Mr. Trump will actually   Donald J. Trump rule of law . As a Washington outsider , Mr. Trump gets it .   Donald J. Trump listen to the people   Donald J. Trump fight for the citizens of the United States . Brewer added , " As Mr. Trump says : we either   Donald J. Trump country , or we do n’t . This may be we last chance to ensure our children we up in a country with borders , and with a government that protects its own people . This is our a country   —    Donald Trump we our chance   —    to save we country and Make America Great Again a country Trump responded to the endorsement in a press   Donald Trump , saying , " I love the state of Arizona and have received incredible support throughout the state . I am leading in all the state of Arizona and we have had amazing events with tremendous we . I am honored to receive this endorsement from Governor Brewer . " 
 the endorsement in a press statement 