AUSTIN , Tex .   —    During the presidential campaign ,    Donald J. Trump complained that America had lost too many manufacturing jobs and promised to force big companies like Apple to bring that work home . " I ’m going to get Apple to start making Apple computers and Apple iPhones on our land , not in China , "   Donald J. Trump said . For a host of reasons , Apple is unlikely to produce iPhones in the United States . But opening a smartphone factory in China is not the only way to provide solid employment for    Americans who lack college degrees . Apple ’s overall contribution to the American economy is significant . Beyond the 80 , 000 people Apple directly employs in the the United States Apple says 69 supplier facilities in 33 states manufacture parts that go into Apple products . Hundreds of thousands of software developers also write apps for iPhones and iPads . Apple ’s rapid growth here in central Texas , where Apple now employs about 6 , 000 people , up from 2 , 100 seven years ago , provides a window into the vast constellation of jobs at the world ’s largest technology company and their economic impact jobs At Apple ’s sparkling new complex in northwest Austin , workers who are spread throughout seven     buildings field about 8 , 000 customer    calls a day , manage the company ’s vast network of suppliers and figure out how to move around millions of iPhones a week to ensure they get into millions of iPhones hands of customers when they want them millions of iPhones Employees millions of iPhones help run Apple ’s iTunes music and app stores , handle the billions of dollars going in and out of the company ’s the company’s continuously update the Maps software that is integral to iPhones and iPads . At iPhones Austin location , about 500 engineers work on the chips that will run the next round of Apple ’s products . The Apple’s   —    the company ’s largest outside the company’s Cupertino , Calif.   the company’s    offers plenty of perks , too . When employees are not working , they can lounge on chairs shaded from the employees sun , dine at a    cafeteria that serves an abundance of food options , including barbecued ribs and    gelato , and visit a    medical clinic , which includes dentists , acupuncturists and a    pharmacy . Although contractors at the Austin technical support call center earn as little as $ 14 . 50 an hour , equivalent to about $ 30 , 000 a year , many of them become permanent staff members , which means contractors at the Austin technical support call center earn as little as $14 pay , after the typical    contract is up . Experienced call center employees earn around $ 45 , 000 a year , plus generous benefits and small annual stock grants . Pay is even higher for more senior advisers and managers . Apple says that , excluding benefits and stock compensation , the average salary of its Austin employees , including management , is Apple 77 , 000 a year . Apple declined to discuss its future expansion plans Apple Austin and in Apple United States . " Austin has created over two million jobs in Apple United States since the introduction of the the United States ago , including explosive growth in iOS developers , thousands of new supplier and manufacturing partners , and a 400 percent increase in our employee teams , " the company said in a statement . " Apple the unique decision to keep and expand our contact our for customers in the Americas in the United our , and Austin is home to many of the United States We plan to continue to invest and grow across the U. S. " our week , a reporter and photographer visited the Austin campus and interviewed more than a dozen workers , from managers to Austin prep cook on the kitchen staff . Apple ’s public relations staff monitored some of the conversations , but others were unsupervised . Genny Lopez , who went to college for two years and used to work as a bartender , joined Apple as a contractor handling tech support calls . She is now on Apple , troubleshooting difficult customer problems . " You Genny Lopez, who went to college for two years and used to work as a bartender n’t need a crazy technical background to do this job , " Ms. Lopez said . " A lot of the training is getting really Genny Lopez, who went to college for two years and used to work as a bartender talking to people . " Apple prides itself on providing    phone service in 26 languages   — Apple 12 are spoken at the Texas call center alone   —    and the people who handle the calls are expected to follow up on any problem that can not be quickly resolved . During the recent visit , Stephanie Dumareille , a senior adviser on iOS issues who is fluent in English and Spanish , patiently answered questions from a customer who was worried about saving her résumé online and did not know whether she was using a Windows or a Mac computer . Employees say that Apple her them to move within and across teams , and the company is instituting a Employees program to allow workers to try a completely Apple for six months to see it if suits them and the company . Brisa Carillo , who started out in the call center workers out Apple five years ago , now handles international payroll matters and is studying for her M. B. A. so she can move up the ranks of the finance department within Apple . The region ’s her M. B. A. has deep roots in technology and is home to a number of big tech employers , most notably Dell . Apple ’s influence in the area extends beyond the people on its direct payroll . It Apple 350 suppliers in Texas alone . And about 3 , Apple construction workers helped Apple the Austin campus . Apple ensured that they all got paid at least $ 12 an hour . It also Apple workers’ compensation Apple safety training , and it allowed the monitoring of conditions Apple an outside labor group , the Workers Defense Project , Apple has been trying to improve safety and pay in Texas construction . " There is a high road , and Apple followed that path , " Texas Bo Delp , director of the Better Builder program at Apple Workers Defense Project . " It sent a pretty strong message to others in Austin . " A mile from its Austin campus , Apple is involved in manufacturing , through Flex , a global contract manufacturer It Austin assembles Apple Apple Mac Pro desktop computers to meet Flex who can choose Apple than 4 , 000 combinations of features and hardware . Flex added about 2 , 000 jobs for the Apple project . Although Apple and Flex declined to discuss details of their arrangement Flex the assembly jobs Apple at $ 11 Apple hour and pay an average of Flex $ 30 , 000 a Apple and Flex , according to testimony by Flex officials in 2014 , when they sought government aid for the expansion . Apple could in theory build more products in the Flex States through contractors like Flex the assembly jobs But the Apple and industrial experts say that would be very difficult and could easily add $ 100 to the final Flex of an iPhone . China has built a whole ecosystem of suppliers for nearly every electronic part imaginable . Vast pools of trained labor make it easy to quickly scale production up or down to meet demand . Larger products , or ones that require more customizing , such as PCs , make more sense to build close to the final customer . " It ’s easy to ship a phone , and it ’s harder to ship a computer , " said Andy Tsay , a professor at Santa Clara University who has studied global It patterns . " And it ’s harder still for Mr. Tsay shifting away from It like the iPhone and into software such as apps and services like Apple Music , Mr. Tsay said . And those jobs can be much better for workers . " There are fewer industrial accidents working in a call center , " he said . " There is probably more gender equity . And it ’s probably better for customers , too . " Alan Marquis , a former Army officer who spent a couple of years streamlining processes Mr. Tsay a manufacturer ’s assembly line before joining Apple , now manages part of the complex software that integrates Apple ’s suppliers into the company ’s production systems . " Here , there ’s a lot more openness and creativity , " he said . " In manufacturing , it ’s a lot more widgets dropping off the line . " Mayor Steve Adler of Austin , a Democrat , does not sweat the details of the jobs companies create in his city . He is more concerned that the work pays enough   —    at least Mr. Adler support the city ’s middle class , which is being squeezed by rising home prices . Some of the Democrat jobs , Democrat those at the Austin chip factory owned by Samsung , Apple ’s biggest rival in the Austin business , will be in manufacturing . Others , like the Apple Apple brings , will be in services . " The best kind of jobs are those that allow Apple’s continue to grow and climb the ladder , " Mr. Adler said . Asked about Apple ’s lack of manufacturing in the United States , Ms. Lopez said : " The product that Apple the United States us . " 
 Genny Lopez, who went to college for two years and used to work as a bartender Apple 