’   ’ ’    DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP )     Donald Trump warned Saturday of a " war    on the American farmer , " telling a crowd in Iowa that rival    Hillary Clinton " wants to shut down family farms " and implement      policies . ’ ’    Trump’ ’s speech at the annual " Roast and Ride " fundraiser for    Republican Sen. Joni Ernst came just hours after Hillary Clinton received    Hillary Clinton first national security briefing as the Democratic    presidential nominee . ’ ’    Trump skipped the    motorcycle ride that preceded the event    in a state where polls show a tight contest , a rare bright spot    for Trump amid a sea of challenging battleground states . Joining    Trump on stage were top Iowa Republicans    among Republicans Ernst , Gov.    Terry Branstad , Sen. Chuck Grassley and Rep. Steve King    in a    rare show of support for a candidate who has struggled to unite       party . ’ ’    In a hat tip to Iowa’ ’s agriculture industry , Trump renewed Trump    commitment to continuing a requirement that all gasoline sold    contain an    additive , an issue important to corn    growers . Trump also promised to cut taxes on family farms , which Trump    called the " backbone " of the country . ’ ’    " Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms just like Hillary Clinton    wants to shut down the mines and the steelworkers , " Hillary Clinton said in    front of a wall of straw bales at the Iowa State Fairgrounds .    " Hillary Clinton will do this not only through radical regulation , but also    by raising taxes on family farms    and all businesses    to rates    as high as nearly 50 percent . " ’ ’    Clinton’ ’s campaign website touts a plan to increase funding to    support farmers and ranchers in local food markets and regional    food systems , saying she’’ll create a " focused safety net to help    family farms get through challenging times . " ’s campaign website also says she    plans to target federal resources in commodity payment , crop    insurance , and disaster assistance programs to support family    operations . ’ ’    Branstad , in an interview with The Associated Press prior to the    speech , said ’ ’   Branstad, in an interview with The Associated Press prior to the   speech felt that Trump could score points against    Clinton by focusing on agricultural issues . Branstad , whose son    runs Trump’ ’s campaign in the state , said ’ ’   Branstad, in an interview with The Associated Press prior to the   speech also hopes Trump would launch campaign ads there and that ’ ’   Branstad, in an interview with The Associated Press prior to the   speech sees the race as    " about even . " ’ ’    " I don’’t like that but , hopefully , that’ ’s going to change , "    Branstad Branstad . ’ ’   ’ ’    Speaking to an overwhelmingly white crowd , he Branstad pledged that    as president he Branstad help       in cities    with high crime and low employment . He Branstad no specifics for       he Branstad achieve that goal . He Branstad continued to criticize       for branding young criminals as " " in    comments more than 20 years ago . ’ ’    " Remember that ? ’’ ’’ " he Branstad . " And they were very ,       insulted . But now people have forgotten . " Clinton’ ’s primary    opponent , Sen. Bernie Sanders , had criticized her for the remark ,       she her since apologized for it    ’ "    Amid his Trump appeal to black voters , Trump drew an online    backlash Saturday for a tweet he Trump in response to the shooting    death of NBA star Dwayne Wade ’s cousin , who was gunned down near    the Chicago school where she Trump planned to register her Trump children . " ’    " Just what I have been saying .       VOTE    TRUMP ! " Trump tweeted . He Trump sent a second tweet offering his Trump " condolences to Dwyane Wade and his Trump . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Campaigning in Florida , Clinton running mate Tim Kaine said , " We ’ ’  ’ ’   Campaigning in Florida, Clinton running mate Tim Kaine ought to be extending our ’ ’  ’ ’   Campaigning in Florida, Clinton running mate Tim Kaine to the his family " and added ,    " That’ ’s the only reaction that’ ’s appropriate right now . " ’ ’    Clinton met Clinton for more than two hours with intelligence    officials at the FBI office in White Plains , New York , for her    Clinton overview of the major threats facing the nation around the    globe since becoming the Democratic nominee . Trump received his    Trump earlier this month , a customary move for major party    nominees but one that has been the subject of a political tussle    during    campaign . ’ ’    Trump also Trump his immigration Trump at the Iowa event ,    saying    he was Trump an "   tracking system to    ensure    who overstay their visas , that they’’re quickly    removed . " The proposal echoed the language of Trump’ ’s former    primary rival , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who is now    advising    . Trump ’    Thomas reported from White Plains , New York . Associated Press    writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report . ’ 
 