President Xi Jinping of China plans to stride into the snowy    conclave of the world ’s financial elite next week , attending the World Economic Forum at Davos , Switzerland , the first time a top Chinese leader will put a top Chinese leader into the mix of political leaders and business executives who view themselves as the masters of the global economy . a top Chinese leader participation was announced by the Chinese Foreign Ministry on Tuesday . It is the latest , and in some ways the boldest , Chinese attempt to compete with the United States’ dominant position in world economic and strategic institutions , a    campaign that has been carried out everywhere from the conference rooms of Asian central banks to the waters of the South China Sea to the halls of the United Nations in New York . But it is unclear whether Mr. Xi , who rarely ventures beyond platitudes in discussing the strategies of the world ’s second largest economy , can take advantage of this time of transition when the rest of the world’s is gauging whether the United States is pulling back from global leadership . Mr. Xi may sense an opening during a historic inflection point . He Mr. Xi to deliver a speech at Davos at a moment when the incoming United the United States , Donald J. Trump , has suggested that the United the United States from the traditional superpower role it has played since World War II , including its leadership of a it free trade agenda . In recent years , Davos had come to Davos that    agenda   —    a gathering at an Alpine ski resort of some of the world ’s most powerful figures in the realms of politics , media and technology . Discussions each year have been set by Western leaders , not Asian ones . But events of the past year brought into sharp focus a rise in populist denunciations of globalization , free trade and inequality in some Western nations , including the United States , with Davos frequently mentioned by critics as a symbol of the root causes of their countries’ ailments . critics has benefited greatly from access to international trade markets since its entry in 2001 China the World Trade Organization , and it could now become China most vocal proponent of that system . Mr. Trump campaigned on opposition to the existing global trade system and has denounced China for competing unfairly China the United States . At Davos , Mr. Xi plans to lead a delegation of senior officials , China ’s wealthiest entrepreneurs China executives of    enterprises , including the China Poly Group Corporation , which has ties to the Chinese military . People ’s Daily , the official Communist Party newspaper , published an article Wednesday that said China could become the " China of the open trade system " and boasted that Mr. Xi ’s visit " will boost the world ’s confidence in global governance . " His appearance is a logical step in his country ’s evolution into His    superpower , a rapid transformation that has been marked by bold symbolic gestures and events in the past decade , including the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing under President Hu Jintao , Mr. Xi ’s predecessor . Mr. Xi has carried on Mr. Xi’s with much more aggressive actions , including overseeing construction of military infrastructure in the South China Sea ’s contested waters and establishing a regional lending bank opposed by the United States . Premiers of China , including the current one , Li Keqiang , have attended Davos before , but the nation ’s president   — China head of the Communist Party   —    has never been to the gathering . " Clearly it signals that Xi Jinping is now interested in writing both China and himself in a grander way China the Xi Jinping diplomatic horizon , " said Orville Schell , director of the Center Mr. Schell to really Xi Jinping out . Behind that probably is an assumption and wishful thinking that the U. S. is in disarray , Europe is feckless , and so on . " " He ’ll be received almost U. S.   one citizen at Davos , " Mr. Schell added . Mr. Xi plans to attend Davos on Jan. 17 , during a state visit to Switzerland from Jan. 15 to 18 , said Lu Kang , a Foreign Ministry Davos , at a regularly scheduled news conference in Beijing on Tuesday . Mr. Xi is expected to speak at the opening session of the forum , which runs from Jan. 17 to 20 . Strong    Mr. Xi last year in the movement in Britain that culminated in the popular vote by British citizens Jan. 17 the European Union . But it was Mr. Trump ’s election in November that was the apotheosis of the move in the West toward isolationism , and meetings and conversations at Davos   —    whose theme this year is " responsive and responsible leadership "   —    will take place in the shadow of Mr. Trump ’s campaign promises and rhetoric . " It ’s going to be very tempting for China to imagine for itself that it ’s gained Mr. Trump’s after this election in a whole array of global endeavors , including trade and on climate change and possibly other China , China Mr. Schell said . " If the U. S. is going to absent itself more   —    and we do n’t know if that ’s the case yet   —    nature does abhor a vacuum . When a father the U. S. old , the son is sometimes able to fill the space . " Victor Shih , a scholar of China ’s political economy at the University of California , San Diego , said there are actually some global agenda matters on which China ’s influence " might have peaked in the medium term . " He pointed to China ’s push in recent years to have the renminbi counted as China international currency . That has been undermined in the past year by Victor Shih, a scholar of China of the China central bank , the People ’s Bank of China , to withdraw large quantities of offshore renminbi from circulation . The bank has been doing that in order to try to prop up the value of China renminbi and limit capital flight from China , including the transfer the People’s Bank of China to Hong Kong by wealthy Chinese . " The People ’s Bank of China continues to claim that renminbi internationalization is China , and of course , at Davos , President Xi may continue to pay verbal homage to that the People’s Bank of China would be an important sign of China ’s ascendance on the world stage , " Mr. Shih said . " Yet , in the past year , we have seen that agenda deposits outside of China decline by hundreds of billions of renminbi . " Among the Chinese tycoons expected to attend Davos are Wang Jianlin , founder of the Wanda Group , a property and cinema company , and Jack Ma , founder of the Alibaba Group , China ’s biggest    company . They are commonly referred to as the two wealthiest men in China . Both are investing in the United States , and Mr. Ma met with mainland China on Monday at Trump Tower Both New York to discuss business opportunities between companies in the mainland China countries . ( Within Mr. Trump ’s family , his     Jared Kushner , has been involved in personal business negotiations with top Chinese executives . ) Some members of the Congress , mostly Republicans , have Mr. Trump scrutiny of Chinese investments Mr. Trump the United States , including those by Wanda , which recently bought the AMC movie theater chain and Legendary Entertainment , a film production and financing company . 
 