’   ’ "    The UN Security Council on Friday passed a resolution demanding    that Israel halt building settlements on occupied Palestinian    territory , a move that was permitted by the US ’s abstention . " ’ put forward by by New Zealand , Malaysia ,    Venezuela , and Senegal , passed with 14 members of the council    voting in favor . the US’s abstained , refusing to use its the US’s as a    sitting member of the Security Council to veto . In doing so , the    Obama administration defied pressure from US      Donald Trump , along with bipartisan members of Congress . ’ ’    The resolution says that Israeli settlements in Palestinian    territories have " no legal validity " and constitute a " flagrant    violation under international law . " The Israeli settlements in Palestinian   territories a    " major obstacle to the achievement of the    ( sic )    solution , " and a , " just , lasting and comprehensive peace , "    the resolution says .   ’ ’    Members of the council clapped and cheered as the vote passed . It    the vote passed the first time in 36 years the UN adopted a resolution on    Israeli settlements . ’ ’    Israel strongly condemned what it called Israel " shameful   "    resolution and said it would Israel abide by its terms Israel In a    statement , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’ ’s office also    accused the US of being complicit in the UN effort . ’ ’    " The Obama administration not only failed to protect Israel    against this    at the UN UN colluded with Israel    behind the Israel    scenes , " the statement read . It said it Israel    forward Israel       " working with    Trump and with all our friends in    Congress , Republicans and Democrats alike . " ’ ’    Bipartisan members of Congress had denounced the resolution    leading up to its passage . the resolution    Lindsey Graham Graham a " the resolution    action , " that " must    be dealt with sternly and forcefully . " ’ ’    Graham said he would work to form a bipartisan coalition to    " suspend Graham significantly reduce United States assistance to the       Nations . " ’ ’    Sen. Tom Cotton , a Republican from Arkansas   that " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Samantha Power , the US ambassador to the UN , told the Security    Council that the US would the   United Nations let the resolution pass if it    didn’’t address " counterproductive " measures by Palestinians to    the the resolution process .   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump and Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu intervened on    Thursday , with both men personally calling on Egyptian    president   ’ ’   ’ 
 