  ( CNN ) North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the sea off the Korean Peninsula , the latest in a series of test firings and one that comes just days before President Donald Trump is set to huddle with Chinese President Xi Jinping for a    summit in Florida . Here ’s what Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , aka the nation ’s top diplomat , had to say about the latest provocation from North Korea : " North Korea launched yet another intermediate range ballistic missile . The United States has spoken enough about North North Korea We have no further comment . " That ’s a total of 23 words , if you ’re counting .    words that leave you more confused when you get to the end of them than when you started . Is Tillerson trying to talk tough ? Or is he refusing Tillerson give North Korea North Korea he thinks they Tillerson trying North Korea grab in advance of the    meeting ? Somewhere in between ? Neither ? Both ? North Korea fires North Korea , US State Department says , The statement reads , to channel Winston Churchill , like a riddle , wrapped in a mystery , inside an enigma . It ’s Ernest Hemingway an enigma for complicated and delicate matters of foreign policy . It ’s , in an enigma ( hyphenated ) word , a   . What we do know is that the Trump administration is taking an increasingly hard line to both North Korea ’s ongoing efforts to develop nuclear and ballistic weapons programs and China ’s willingness to constrain those efforts . " The clock has now run out , and all options are on the table , " a senior White House official told reporters Tuesday night in a briefing with reporters ahead of Xi ’s visit . That sentiment echoes the President himself , who told the Financial Times in an interview that he was prepared to act to curb North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions with or without China . " China has great influence China North Korea , " North Korea’s in the interview . " And China will either decide to China us with North Korea , or they North Korea’s . .. If China is not going to solve China Korea , we will . North Korea’s all I us telling you . " Viewed through that lens , Tillerson ’s statement may be best understood as a sort of " the time for talking is over , the time for action is here " sentiment that is in keeping with the tough talk coming from Trump . In departure from Trump , US general says China must Trump part of North Korea us , But , Tillerson is the country ’s top diplomat Tillerson’s the person charged with finding solutions that go beyond simple rhetoric to these thorniest of foreign policy challenges . And his statement     such as it is     offers zero guidance as to what the US response will be . Pyongyang wants Washington ’s acceptance as a nuclear power     and to be dismissed in this way will be a blow , noted CNN ’s Paula Hancocks in Seoul . And two senior US officials tell CNN ’s Barbara Starr that the message CNN n’t be interpreted as provocative . Instead , they say , it ’s a signal the State Department the message no longer put out routine statements after every North Korean provocation or missile launch . But vagueness in diplomacy is a dangerous thing . Words matter .   Misunderstandings can cause international incidents     or worse .   How will North Korea and China interpret Tillerson ’s comments ? As a provocation ? A dismissal ? Something else entirely ? That uncertainty is the point . Tillerson is the leading edge of America Tillerson policy . As such , his most important job is to ensure Tillerson other countries know exactly where the US stands when a major international event     like the one in North Korea     occurs . His statement Tuesday night suggests he simply Tillerson n’t grasp just how Tillerson words matter . 
 