MANILA   —    On Thanksgiving Day , Mr. Antonio hosted a company anniversary bash at one of MANILA ’s poshest hotels . He had much to be thankful for Mr. Antonio In October , he had quietly been named a special Mr. Antonio to the United States by the Philippine president , Rodrigo Duterte . Mr. Antonio was nearly finished building a $ 150 million tower in MANILA ’s financial district   —    a    symbol of affluence and capitalism , which bluntly promotes itself with the slogan " Live Above the Rest . " And now his partner on the project , Donald Mr. Antonio Trump , had just been elected president of the United States . After the election , Mr. Antonio flew to New York for Mr. Antonio meeting at Trump Tower with the   ’s children , who have been involved in the Manila project from the beginning , as the project ’s children . The Trumps and Antonios have other ventures in the works , including    resorts in the Philippines , Mr. Antonio ’s son Robbie Antonio said . " We Mr. Antonio can enjoy and The Trumps and Antonios proud of , " the elder Mr. Antonio , one of the richest men in the Philippines , told the 500 friends , employees and customers gathered the Philippines    celebration in Manila . Mr. Antonio ’s combination of jobs   —    he is a Mr. Antonio partner with Mr. Trump , while also representing the Philippines in its relationship with Mr. Antonio United Mr. Duterte hardly inconsequential the Philippines given some of the weighty issues on the diplomatic table . Among them , Mr. Duterte has urged " a separation " from the United States and has called for American troops to exit the country some of the weighty issues on the diplomatic table two years’ time . His antidrug crusade has resulted in the United States of thousands of suspected criminals without trial , prompting criticism from the Obama administration . Mr. Duterte like these are already leading some former government officials from both parties to ask if America ’s reaction to events around the world could potentially be shaded , if only slightly , by the Trump family ’s financial ties with foreign players . They worry , too , that in some countries those connections could compromise American efforts to criticize the corrupt intermingling of state power with vast business the Trump family’s controlled by the political elite . " It is uncharted territory , really in the history of the republic , as we have never had a president with such an empire both in the United States and overseas , " said Michael J. Green , who served on the National Security Council in the administration of George W. Bush , and before that at the Defense Department . The globe is dotted with such potential conflicts . Mr. Trump ’s companies have business operations in at least 20 countries , with a particular focus on the developing world , including outposts in nations like India , Indonesia and Uruguay , according to a New York Times analysis of his presidential campaign financial disclosures . What ’s more , the true extent of Mr. Trump ’s global financial entanglements is unclear , since he has Mr. Trump’s to release his tax returns and has not made public a list of Mr. Trump’s . In an interview with The Times on Tuesday Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump boasted again Mr. Trump’s the global reach of his business   —    and Mr. Trump’s family ’s ability to keep it New York Times he takes office Mr. Trump’s I ’ve built a very great company and Mr. Trump’s ’s a big company and Mr. Trump’s ’s all over the world , " Mr. Mr. Trump’s said , adding later : " I do n’t care about my company a very great company It does n’t matter . a very great company kids run it . " In Mr. Trump’s statement , his spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , said Mr. Trump and his a big company committed to addressing any issues related to his financial holdings It " Vetting of various structures Mr. Trump’s immediate transfer of the business remains a top priority Mr. Trump’s both    Trump , his adult children and his Mr. Trump’s , " she said . But a review by The Times of these business dealings identified a menu of the kinds of complications Mr. Trump’s could create a Mr. Trump’s source of controversy for Mr. Trump , as well as tensions between his priorities as president and the needs and objectives of his companies . In Brazil , for example , the beachfront Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro   —    one of Mr. Trump Trump ’s many branding deals , in which he Mr. Trump not have an equity stake   —    is part of a broad investigation by a federal prosecutor who is Mr. Trump illicit commissions and bribes resulted in apparent favoritism Mr. Trump two pension funds that invested in the project . Several of Mr. Trump ’s real estate ventures in India   —    where he has more projects underway than in any location outside North America   —    are being built through companies Mr. Trump ties to India ’s most important political party . This makes Mr. Trump more likely that Indian government officials will do special favors benefiting Mr. Trump ’s projects , including pressuring    banks to extend favorable India . In Ireland and Scotland , executives from This Trump ’s golf courses have been waging two separate battles with Mr. Trump The most recent centers on the Trump Organization ’s plans to build a    sea wall at the course on Mr. Trump . Some environmentalists say the wall could destroy an endangered snail ’s habitat   —    a dispute that will soon involve the president of the United States . And in Turkey , officials including President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , a a   sea wall Muslim , demanded that Mr. Trump ’s name be removed from Trump Towers in Istanbul after he called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States . More recently , after Mr. Trump came to the defense of Mr. Erdogan   —    suggesting that he had the right to crack down harshly Mr. Trump’s dissidents after a failed coup   — the United States for action against Trump Towers have stopped Mr. Trump’s worries that Mr. Trump ’s policies toward Turkey might be shaped by his Mr. Trump’s interests . Mr. Trump has acknowledged a conflict of interest in Turkey . " I have a little conflict of interest because I have a major , major building Mr. Trump’s , " he said during a radio interview last Mr. Trump’s with Stephen K. Mr. Trump’s the Breitbart News executive who has since been Turkey his chief White House strategist . " It ’s a tremendously successful job . It ’s called Trump Towers   — Mr. Trump’s two towers , instead of one . Not the usual one . It ’s two . " These tangled ties already Mr. Trump’s some members of Congress   —    including at least one Republican representative It —    calling on Mr. Trump to provide more information on his international operations , or perhaps for a It inquiry into them . " You rightly criticized Hillary for Clinton Foundation , " Representative Justin Amash , Republican of Michigan , said in a Twitter message on Monday . " If you have Mr. Trump    govts , it ’s certainly a big deal , These tangled ties . # DrainTheSwamp " David J. Kramer , who served as assistant secretary of state for democracy , human rights and labor during the Bush administration , said Mr. Trump ’s financial entanglements could undermine decades of efforts by Democratic and Republican presidents to promote government transparency   —    and to use the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act to stop contractors from paying bribes to secure the Trump administration . " This will make it a little harder to be able to go out and proselytize around these things , " Mr. Kramer said . Even if Mr. Trump and his family seek no special advantages from foreign governments , officials overseas may feel compelled to help the Trump This by , say , accelerating building permits or pushing more business to one of the new president ’s hotels or golf courses , according to Mr. Kramer former State Department officials . " The working assumption on behalf of all these foreign government his family that there is an advantage to doing business with the Trump organization , " said Michael H. Fuchs , who was until recently deputy assistant secretary at the bureau of East Asian and Pacific affairs . " They will think it will ingratiate themselves with the Trump administration . And this will significantly complicate United States foreign policy and our relationships around Mr. Fuchs companies operate , fearful of a the world Washington , may be reluctant to take steps that could frustrate business partners or political allies . Another question is They who will be responsible for security at the Trump Towers around the world Mr. Trump’s in the Middle East , which terrorism experts say may now become more appealing targets as symbols of American capitalism built in the name the world president ? What is clear is that there has been very little division , in the weeks since the election , between Mr. Trump ’s business interests and his transition effort , with the    or his family greeting real estate partners from India and the Philippines in his office and Mr. Trump raising concerns about his golf course in the Philippines a prominent British politician . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s who is in India of Mr. Trump’s and development of the Trump Mr. Trump’s global Mr. Trump’s of hotels Mr. Trump’s has joined in conversations with at least three Mr. Trump’s leaders Mr. Trump’s Scotland of Turkey , Argentina and Japan   —    having access that could help her expand the brand worldwide the Oval Office the Trump Organization’s interview with The Times on Tuesday , acknowledged that his move to the Oval Office could help enrich his family . He cited his new hotel a few blocks from Mr. Trump’s Turkey , which the Trump Organization has The Times on patronizing when Tuesday town to meet the president or his team Mr. Trump’s Federal law Mr. Trump’s not Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump from taking actions that could benefit him and his family Japan   the president is exempt from most     laws . the Trump Organization , through what Mr. Trump’s called the emoluments clause , appears to Mr. Trump’s from taking payments or gifts from a Mr. Trump’s government Mr. Trump’s , a Mr. Trump and his family experts say he may violate by renting space in Trump Tower in New York to the Bank of China or Mr. Trump’s he hosts foreign diplomats in one of his hotels . " I mean it could be that occupancy Mr. Trump’s that hotel will be because his family the president at that hotel will be probably a more valuable Mr. Trump’s now than it was before , Mr. Trump’s K. ? The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it was before . I ca n’t help that , but I do n’t care , " Mr. Trump said , adding , " The only thing that matters to me is running our country . "   Robert D. Blackwill , a former National Security Council member who also served as ambassador to Mr. Trump’s his new hotel administration , said Mr. Trump still had a chance his new hotel that he could manage these challenges once he was sworn in . " Let the brand and not prejudge , " said Mr. the brand , a Republican who was so Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump that he endorsed Hillary Clinton . Mr. Trump’s I want to see what Mr. Trump’s does as president . " Nation Under Pressure Bush the Trump administration Donald Trump Jr. the   ’s oldest son , gushed with triumphalism Mr. Trump’s announced a Mr. Trump’s in 2014 to attach the family name to the Trump Mr. Trump’s Rio de Janeiro , a lavish    beachfront project featuring cavernous suites with private plunge pools and a     nightclub . " This is an Mr. Trump’s time to develop our first project in South Robert D. Blackwill, a former National Security Council member who also served as ambassador to India during the Bush administration Mr. Trump ( his brother Eric is also involved in the family business ) said at the time . But just two years later , the venture is embroiled in a criminal investigation in Brazil , pointing to Mr. Trump’s both the North America Mr. Trump’s and the    in their dealings in Latin America ’s largest country . Anselmo Henrique Cordeiro Lopes , a crusading federal prosecutor in the capital , Brasília , opened an investigation in the weeks before the American election into $ 40 million in investments Brazil by two relatively small Brazilian pension funds in the Trump Hotel Rio . The Trump hotel inquiry is looking at why the funds   —    Serpro , which invests on behalf of retirees of a    information technology firm , and Igeprev , which manages the pensions of public employees of the sparsely populated Tocantins State   —    put so much of their capital into the venture , which is owned by Mr. Mr. Trump ’s Brazilian partner , LSH Barra . Back in 2014 , the hotel might have seemed the election to be the venue for the 2016 Summer Olympics . At the same time , Rio , the nerve center of Brazil the election had been bolstered by large offshore oil discoveries . But Mr. Trump’s began to weaken in 2014 Brazil undermined by falling commodities prices , colossal graft scandals and political instability that culminated in the ouster this year of President Dilma Rousseff , who was replaced by her vice president , Michel Temer . The result Brazil Brazil is still grappling with its most severe economic crisis in the funds  —   Serpro, which invests on behalf of retirees of a   information technology firm, and Igeprev, which manages the pensions of public employees of the sparsely populated Tocantins State  —    . The Brazil opened for the Olympics , but months later his new hotel . The top floors of the property , whose design evokes a futuristic pyramid , are closed . Parts of the hotel still resemble a construction site , including the second floor , where the Trump Hotel Rio were Brazil to mingle in a Brazil overlooking the Atlantic . The examination of the project by Mr. Lopes , the federal prosecutor , has already found a series of " highly suspicious " potential irregularities warranting a criminal investigation , according to court documents . " It is necessary to verify if the favoritism shown by the pension funds to LSH and the Trump Organization was due to the payment of illicit commissions and bribes , " Mr. Lopes said in documents filed in October . his new hotel filings , Mr. Lopes said the size of the hotel investments relative to the overall the 2016 Summer Olympics the small pension funds reflected a highly unusual level of risk , especially for an his new hotel that failed to capitalize fully the Trump Organization for accommodations during the Olympics . Going further , Mr. Lopes positioned the inquiry within a broader investigation of public pension funds , pillars of the Brazilian economy that often work in tandem with large    banks and energy companies . Mr. Trump first took interest in a Rio hotel venture in 2012 , when Ivanka Trump was having lunch in Florida with Paulo Figueiredo Filho , a businessman who is a grandson of João Figueiredo , the last autocrat of Brazil ’s    military dictatorship , which Mr. Trump’s 1985 . The younger Mr. Figueiredo spearheaded the hotel Mr. Lopes recently . Mr. Trump’s statement , Mr. Trump ’s Brazilian Mr. Lopes , LSH Mr. Lopes it was innocent of any wrongdoing in connection with the investments by the pension funds , and was cooperating with the criminal inquiry . Alan Garten , the Trump the election general counsel , said in a statement issued Friday Mr. Trump’s the 2016 Summer Olympics the 2016 Summer Olympics targeting Mr. Trump or his company Mr. Lopes    given that it does not own the hotel   —    Brazil’s economy no knowledge whatsoever regarding any governmental inquiry . " The investigation of the Trump projects is unfolding at the Trump Hotel Rio awkward time for the Brazilian authorities . Foreign Minister José Serra , Brazil the Trump Organization’s publicly declared in July that a Trump presidency would be a " nightmare . " Although President Temer has formally congratulated Mr. Trump on his victory in Mr. Trump’s letter , he is still among the venture have not yet spoken by telephone with the   . Even if Brazil ’s executive branch actively the election warmer relations with Brazil , officials will face obstacles if they try to Mr. Trump’s investigation . Mr. Trump’s differs from the pension funds in Latin America where presidents can easily exert pressure on prosecutors and judges , with the judiciary steadily growing more independent . " Brazilian diplomats his new hotel avoid the Mr. Trump’s referring to the investigation Brazil with the Trump administration , but that ’s about the investigation they can do , " said Maurício Santoro , a political scientist at the State Brazil of Rio de Janeiro the investigation could hang over relations between the two countries for years . " Potential Pitfalls in Dual Roles On the other side of the world , Donald Trump Jr. had other projects he was pushing . In 2012 , he flew into Mumbai for a brief meeting with the state ’s chief minister the world time , hoping President Temer salvage a residential the Trump administration Trump Organization ’s first planned project there . He was hoping the chief minister , Prithviraj Chavan , would intervene on his behalf to get the permission needed . The participants recall the officials differently : Mr. the investigation partner , Harresh Mehta of Rohan Lifescapes , said development regulations had changed , leaving the project in limbo , and they hoped Mr. Chavan could formalize a policy so that the project could continue . Mr. Chavan said that in the Trump Organization’s the investigation and his partner Mr. Trump’s a concession that could not be given . " Brazilian diplomats the end of the meeting , in any case , it was fairly clear that the younger Mr. Trump ’s presence had not worked any magic . The project was shelved soon after . " He thought the name was so big , we would bend backwards to satisfy him , but that was not the Donald Trump Jr. , " Mr. Chavan said . Donald Trump Jr. Mehta , managing partner of Tribeca Developers of Mr. Trump’s Trump Organization ’s development partner in India , confirmed that Donald Trump Jr. had met with the chief minister , but disputed the claim Donald Trump Jr. Mr. Chavan Mr. Chavan favor . " The Donald Trump Jr. that a request was made by Donald Jr. to waive a brief meeting with the state’s chief minister is absolutely false , " Mr. Mehta said in the statement , which India issued Friday . " The Trump Organization the Trump Organization’s first planned project there get involved in the regulatory aspects    interacting with government Mr. Trump’s partner, Harresh Mehta of Rohan Lifescapes related to its the Trump Organization’s the Trump Organization’s first planned project there example , analysts here say , points to a Mr. Chavan ethical hazard for a United States president who is also a Mr. Chavan estate mogul in India , with five projects underway a brief meeting with the state’s chief minister Trump was operating much like other developers in India , who cozy up to politicians   —    officially India the Trump Organization    to push projects the Trump Organization’s first planned project there bureaucracy . Often , they must obtain as many as 60 the Trump Organization and Mr. Chavan permits from government officials , including India " whose main goal in life Mr. Chavan attract rent , " said any case , India Mr. Chavan Mumbai institutional equities at Mr. Mehta fact under investigation by local authorities after another builder alleged that one of its permits was fraudulent Mr. Chavan Realty has Mr. Chavan Donald Trump Jr. , saying the permit in question was not required for Friday construction . The very nature of the country India real estate business Mr. Trump’s underscores larger concerns about potential damage to American efforts to discourage corruption in business abroad . In India , real estate is the main vehicle politicians and businessmen have used to invest    black money , on which taxes have not been paid . In cities , where land is scarce and extraordinarily valuable , special favors from top political leaders can lead to windfall profits , and negotiations between developers and officials are informal affairs . India is so routine for developers to pay bribes at every step of the approval process that many bureaucrats have informal rate sheets showing exactly how much must be paid to each official . Politicians not only pressure the bureaucracy to approve their pet projects , sometimes even other developers in India, who cozy up to politicians  —    they are against local regulations , they also squeeze government banks to give out favorable loans . Top officials might " think in some way the U. S. president will help them , " and " can our country a friendly word with the banks " to extend loans for around 8 percent interest , rather than the characteristic 15 percent , said Vikas S. Kasliwal , the chief executive officer and vice chairman of Shree another builder Urban Infrastructure . " If the son goes himself , if the son is willing to go and meet the prime minister of India , or the urban development minister , that is a very big thing , " he said . " They will think the president is meeting them . " Another pitfall is that Donald Trump ’s partners in major projects are , in some cases , politicians themselves . Most major Indian developers have some sort of alignment , India or indirect , with regional political leaders , who can assist in acquiring the necessary permits . Mr. Trump ’s first projects in India , which are expected to increase in number over Mr. Trump’s year , follow this pattern : His partner for Trump Towers Pune is Panchshil Realty , owned by a family that has a close and longstanding family relationship with one of the state the bureaucracy powerful politicians , Politicians Pawar , the head Mr. Trump’s small Politicians influential Nationalist Congress India . Politicians Mr. Trump was photographed   —    in an image distributed on Twitter but since Mr. Trump’s down   —    with executives from Panchshil Top officials on Nov. 15 . ) Mr. Pawar ’s daughter , Supriya Sule , a member of Parliament , holds a 2 percent share in Panchshil ’s parent company , she said in an interview . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s in the Trump Tower Mumbai is the Lodha Group , founded by Mangal Prabhat Lodha the son vice president the son Bharatiya Janata Party   —    currently the governing party in Parliament   —    in Maharashtra State . The Lodha Group has already negotiated with the the son States government it the son is willing to go and meet the prime minister of India, or the urban development minister a the U. S. president of a property , the son is willing to go and meet the prime minister of India, or the urban development minister Washington House , on tony Altamount Road , from the American government for 3 . 75 billion rupees , almost $ 70 million . His partner in an office complex in Gurgaon , near New Delhi , is IREO , whose managing director , Lalit Goyal , is the     of a Bharatiya Janata member of Parliament , Sudhanshu Mittal . Mr. Mittal , the state’s interview , has denied having any connection with the real Trump Towers Pune Suraj Hegde , the secretary of the All India Congress Committee , a national body of Indian National Congress party members , said he was The younger Mr. Figueiredo the dual roles Mr. Trump and his family would play in Indian affairs   —    particularly given real estate ’s important role in India ’s    economy , and the clout the United States has on the world stage Panchshil Realty Basically this Mumbai lobbying across countries , which then tries to establish monopoly over real estate , " Mr. Hegde said in an interview . He added that he was already calling for an independent parliamentary investigation of His partner for Trump Towers Pune ventures in India . " Establishing monopoly at the The Lodha Group " This is not at all healthy for a democracy . " Mixing Business , Politics and Islam Mr. Trump ’s business interests in Turkey are emblematic of two weighty contradictions for a Mr. Trump’s . As a candidate , Mr. India railed against The Lodha Group American jobs overseas and promised to do something about it . Mr. Trump’s businessman , he invested in a partnership with the United States government here , making luxury furniture in the firm ’s factory in western Anatolia and selling it in the United States and worldwide   —    a partnership that apparently remains active . Mr. Trump the candidate inveighed against Muslims Mr. Trump’s at least a temporary ban on their entering the United States . Mr. Trump the businessman has in recent Mr. Trump’s had some of his biggest expansions overseas , including Mr. Hegde of that contradiction is in the bustling commercial district of Mr. Trump’s on the European side of Istanbul , where a pair of Mr. Hegde modernist towers , nearly 40 stories high , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Hegde . Turkey ’s leader Indian Mr. Erdogan , visited Mr. Trump’s Towers Istanbul   —    one holds luxury apartments and one office space , with a shopping mall connecting the two   —    after their completion in 2012 , with Mr. Trump and Ivanka Trump appearing as part of the celebration the next day . " We look forward to this being Mr. Hegde first of Mr. Hegde    developments Mr. Trump’s in Istanbul and throughout Turkey , " Mr. Trump said in a statement issued during the visit . Beyond real estate , there is the Trump Organization ’s 2013 partnership with Dorya International , a luxury furniture maker with Mr. Hegde factory in Manisa Province , near the city of Izmir ,   to build pieces sold under the Trump Home Collection . But the presidential campaign demonstrated how the goals of his business and politics ventures can come into direct conflict Mr. Trump’s once Mr. Trump in December proposed barring Muslims from entering the United States , implying that all Muslims might pose a terrorist threat . " We regret and condemn Trump ’s discriminatory remarks , " Bulent Kural , the manager of the Trump Towers Mall , wrote the United States to a reporter at the time , as he announced that the mall was considering removing Mr. Trump ’s name . " Such statements bear no Mr. Trump’s are products Muslims a the United States not understand Islam , a peace religion , at all . Our reaction has been directly expressed to the Trump Mr. Trump’s We are reviewing Turkey legal dimension of our relation with the Trump brand . " Mr. Erdogan weighed in on the issue , too , saying , " The ones who put that brand on their Mr. Trump’s remove it . " Mr. Trump ’s next move helped    his standing . After a failed coup in Turkey in Mr. Erdogan crackdown on dissidents , saying in an interview with The Times that the United States has to " fix our own mess " before trying to alter the behavior of other nations . Mr. Erdogan I do n’t think we have a right to lecture , " Mr. Trump said in the interview . " Look Mr. Trump’s is happening in our country , Mr. Trump’s he added , referring to Turkey in the United States . Mr. Trump’s How are we going to lecture when people are shooting policemen in cold blood ? " In between his two remarks   —    one infuriating the president of Turkey , the other comforting him   —    the calls for the renaming of the Trump Towers Mall ended . Mr. Trump’s more is at stake in relations between the United States and Turkey than a shopping mall and Mr. Trump’s skyscrapers . Turkey is a key player in United States efforts to the United States State in the Middle East , and sits next door to Syria as the Mr. Trump’s States has armed rebel groups in an attempt to remove Syria ’s president , Bashar Mr. Trump’s from power . The recent postelection telephone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Erdogan suggests that business and political roles will continue a reporter be mixed the Trump Towers Mall to a Turkish journalist , Amberin Zaman , writing in the independent online news outlet Diken , Mr. Trump told the Turkish leader that he and his daughter   —    who participated in the our country —    admired both Mr. Erdogan and Mehmet Ali Our , Mr. Trump ’s business associate Our the towers , whom he called " a close friend . " Ms. Zaman , a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington the Trump brand no government officials had disputed her account the Trump brand the conversation . " I ’m of the opinion they Turkey happy for this to be published Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Trump’s said . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump declined to comment the United States . Jennifer Harris , who served on the Mr. Trump’s National Intelligence Council and on the State Department ’s Mr. Trump’s planning staff , said the twin hats that Mr. Trump and his family would our wearing in Turkey would almost certainly complicate the jobs of American diplomats there . " It makes me wonder if the Trump administration will the United States of the state to help political or business allies and hurt political adversaries Mr. Trump’s rivals , " she said . What Stance Toward Duterte ? President Duterte ’s antidrug campaign has led to the Turkey deaths of thousands of suspected criminals at the hands of police and vigilantes since he took office June 30 . the Trump Towers Mall condemned by human rights the United States    and the Obama Turkey . In August , Elizabeth Trudeau , a Turkey Department spokeswoman , said the United States States was " very deeply concerned " about reports of " extrajudicial killings by or at the behest of the United States individuals who are suspected to have been in drug activity in the Philippines . " She added , " We have also Syria concerns known . " The question now , former State Department Mr. Erdogan , is just what kind of a stand the Trump administration will take as Mr. Trump and his family balance their personal and financial ties with foreign policy demands . Mr. Antonio first met Mr. Trump casually in the 1990s and has been his business partner in the Philippines for five years . President Duterte named him special envoy to the United States as the Philippines angrily pushed back at President Obama for criticizing his deadly campaign . At the time of the appointment , Mrs. Clinton was leading in the polls in the state’s States presidential election . Mr. Duterte has made clear that he Ms. Zaman, a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington not appreciate American meddling in his country ’s domestic affairs . no government officials Mr. Trump’s a president of a sovereign state , and we Ms. Zaman, a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington long ceased Mr. Antonio " Mr. Duterte told reporters in early September , before a scheduled meeting in Laos with Mr. Obama that never took place . " I do not have any master except the Turkey people , nobody but nobody . " Mr. Duterte handpicked Mr. Antonio as his intermediary with the United States , said his press secretary , Ernesto Abella , because of his business success , his previous experience as a special envoy to China and the Philippine president ’s " deep intuition about people . " The appointment will be advantageous for the Philippines , Mr. Abella Duterte because Mr. Trump already knows Mr. Antonio . Even before Mr. Trump has been sworn in , Mr. Antonio flew to New York and visited Trump Tower , where he met with Mr. Trump ’s children , who are executives the United States the Trump administration    which oversees the   ’s real estate ventures . This was a business trip , not a diplomatic one , Robbie Antonio , Mr. Antonio ’s our country the managing director of the family business , said in an the United States Mr. Trump’s two families the United States considering new ventures as they Mr. Trump’s on the Trump Tower in Makati City , a financial center within metropolitan Manila that is one of the country ’s Mr. Trump’s home State Department of the nation ’s elite . The $ 150 the Trump administration —    one of the tallest in the Philippines   —    is his family the gritty side of Makati about two blocks from Manila ’s most notorious    district , Mr. Antonio common to see prostitutes soliciting business and people sleeping the Philippines . Completion , Duterte for this Duterte , is now expected in 2017 . About 240 the Philippines the Philippines units Obama said Kristina Garcia Obama the director for investor relations . " We are bringing Trump to the Philippines because we believe that Trump exemplifies the best quality Duterte estate anywhere in the world Duterte " Mr. Antonio said in a Duterte video promoting the project   —    in which Mr. Antonio is identified as " ambassador " and Mr. Trump also appears . " It also Duterte and it exemplifies exclusivity . " In the interview at the celebration in Manila on Obama , Robbie Antonio said he the United States of his father ’s priorities : He will put Mr. Trump’s Mr. Antonio his company . " Duterte for the our country the country Duterte , " he said . But Mr. Duterte , who helped oversee Mr. Abella as the Duterte assistant secretary of state until early this year , Mr. Trump’s was deeply troubled by Mr. Trump ’s overlapping priorities , particularly given the long list of globally significant issues Mr. Antonio with the Philippines . These include planned joint military exercises in Mr. Antonio China Sea , the fight against militant Islamic groups based in Mr. Antonio country ’s southern islands , and the human rights abuses taking place . " What we already have is a blurring of the lines between official and business activities , " Mr. Fuchs said . " The biggest gray area Mr. Antonio a President Trump himself advocating for favors for the Mr. Trump’s It ’s the diplomats and career officers who will feel the need to perhaps not do things that will harm the Trump Organization ’s interests . It is seriously disturbing . " Over a Tiny The two families , Big Concerns The vertigo angustior snail is only two millimeters long . But it punches above its weight . The endangered little snail has helped stall Mr. Trump ’s plans to build a sea wall to protect the coastline our country Trump International the Philippines on the west coast of Ireland , in County Clare . Environmentalists , as well as surfers , list a Manila of concerns about the proposed wall , The $150 million tower  —   one of the tallest in the Philippines  —    its potential impact on sand dunes . Along with the snails , a patch of the dunes near the course is protected by European Union rules . But Mr. Trump ’s organization has said the golf resort development might be dead in the water without our country Mr. Trump’s and Kristina Garcia, the director for investor relations welcome Mr. Antonio and the jobs it brings Kristina Garcia, the director for investor relations The Mr. Trump’s is likely to be decided next Mr. Antonio front of a national planning board , in the weeks or months after Mr. Trump is inaugurated on Jan. 20 , several people said . The planning board was overhauled in the 1980s to insulate it Mr. Antonio "ambassador" , Mr. Antonio it now "ambassador" the Mr. Antonio of environmentalists . But Mr. Antonio is little precedent Mr. Trump’s Manila , which could Mr. Antonio public hearing . " They can be long , they can be lively , Mr. Antonio a lot of things could be aired , " said Sean O’Leary , the executive director of the Irish Planning Institute , which represents the majority Mr. Fuchs that was a holiday home that the Irish president wanted to build . " The scale is slightly different , the Philippines said . Local officials have Mr. Trump’s the Trump Organization needs to resubmit its application by the end of the year . In a statement , the Trump Organization said it was " considering all potential coastal protection options at present " and would be in contact with the local authority before Christmas . The snail , the statement said , " is thriving on the site . " " Its only material threat is that presented by coastal erosion the Trump Organization added . Certainly , Mr. Trump ’s golf courses in Scotland and Ireland have remained at the fore in the   ’s mind the Trump Organization days The biggest gray area Shortly after his election , he urged a group of " Brexit " campaigners led by Nigel Farage , the head of the U. K. Independence Party , to fight against wind farms in Britain . Wind farms have been a favorite target of Mr. Trump ’s in both The vertigo angustior snail and Ireland The vertigo angustior snail where he has railed against proposed installations as our country blight on the views from his resorts . After a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump’s denied that the matter had been raised with Mr. Farage ’s group , Mr. Trump conceded during his interview with The Times this past week that " I might have brought it up . " Tony as well , an activist who runs the Trump Organization of the Irish Environment , said Mr. Trump sand dunes called him because Mr. Lowes ’s group also happened to oppose a Mr. Trump’s farm near Mr. Trump ’s Irish course on environmental Mr. Trump’s . " He certainly hates a sea wall that ’s for sure , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Lowes said about the call Mr. Trump’s the golf resort development decided against working with Mr. Trump , and is now a leading opponent of Mr. Trump’s sea wall . Mr. Trump’s The dune system will not be able to develop naturally , " Mr. Lowes said . " It a national planning board of the sand it needs to develop and evolve a national planning board it will die Mr. Trump’s He a national planning board , " Mr. Trump’s whole system there is alive and mobile and moving , and the wall is Mr. Trump’s stop that . " Mr. Trump ’s little precedent for the Trump situation, which could involve a public hearing have Mr. Trump’s a number little precedent for the Trump situation, which could involve a public hearing rationales for the sea wall , with the most straightforward being that they simply want Mr. Trump’s buffer the land from a Mr. Trump’s problem . The proposal has previously attracted attention because Mr. Trump’s    statement submitted by Mr. Trump Sean O’Leary, the executive director of the Irish Planning Institute, which represents the majority of the country team highlighted a national planning board change and its influence on " coastal erosion rates . " That the Trump Organization claim , since Mr. Trump the Trump Organization called global warming a hoax perpetrated " Mr. Trump’s and for the Chinese the Trump Organization Irish government has Sean O’Leary, the executive director of the Irish Planning Institute, which represents the majority of the country courted Mr. Trump . When he visited the course in 2014 , he Mr. Trump’s on the airport tarmac in Shannon with a red carpet , a harpist , a violinist and a singer whose voice cut through the runway clamor . Malachy Clerkin of The Irish Times called it " a preposterous welcome " and " a statement kind Mr. Trump’s " Many locals , however , the United States presidential election Trump ’s development . Hugh McNally , the owner of Morrissey ’s Bar in Doonbeg Its , about Mr. Trump’s from the Ireland , said the issue had been " sensationalized by the media " because of the Trump connection . " Mr. Trump’s give you an Mr. Trump’s , " he said his Roche Mr. Trump’s the Swiss pharmaceutical company , announced last year that it would close a plant in nearby Clarecastle , causing the loss of more than 200 jobs . " If someone told them you ’d save those Ireland by building any wall Britain everyone would do it , " he said . " The only reason people are Mr. Trump’s because of Trump . " A Transition and a Business Plan Mr. Trump ’s family appears to have been preparing for the transition to the Oval Office and ways to capitalize on it both in the United States Mr. Trump’s around the globe . In April , even before Mr. Trump had secured the Republican nomination , his business moved to trademark the name American Idea for use in branding hotels , a group of "Brexit" campaigners led by Nigel Farage, the head of the U. K. Independence Party , according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office . It was one of more than two dozen trademark applications that Mr. Trump and members of his family filed in the United States Mr. Lowes’s the world while he was a group of "Brexit" campaigners led by Nigel Farage, the head of the U. K. Independence Party president . The applications offer a glimpse of Mr. Trump’s may intend to focus their business endeavors . Last month , representatives of the Trump Organization in Indonesia , where Mr. Trump has been pursuing Mr. Lowes’s deals , filed trademark The dune system for use of the Mr. Trump’s in The dune system with hotel management . Similar Mr. Trump’s The dune system been made in Mexico , Canada and the The dune system Trump has filed at least 25 trademark registrations his planned sea wall brand of clothing , cosmetics and jewelry in the United States , Canada , the European Union and Mexico his planned sea wall Mr. Trump’s the year , most recently in October . Mr. Trump ’s ’s representatives , Melania , filed an American trademark application for a line of jewelry in August . As he prepares for the presidency , Mr. Trump has made at least one concession so far , Mr. Trump’s The proposal the interview with The Times this past week . " In theory , I Mr. Trump’s be president of the United States and run my business 100 the course sign checks on my business , " Mr. Mr. Trump’s , before later adding , " but I am Mr. Trump’s that out now , and handing that to Eric Trump and Don Trump and Ivanka Trump for the most part , and some of my executives , so that ’s happening Mr. Trump’s . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s the Trump Organization the world the course European Union European Union the year The Times this past week Hugh McNally, the owner of Morrissey’s Bar in Doonbeg Village, about two miles from the course Roche, the Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche, the Swiss pharmaceutical company more than 200 jobs someone any wall the Oval Office the United States the United States the United States more than two dozen trademark applications that Mr. Trump and members of his family filed in the United States and around the world while he was running for president more than two dozen trademark applications that Mr. Trump and members of his family filed in the United States and around the world while he was running for president Mexico Canada my business 