’’ " He said He would n’t say it . " " But Donald Trump seemingly could n’t resist . " ’"I wonder if I could say   —    you know , remember lyin ’’ . Lyin ’’ . I wo n’t say ‘ Lyin ’’ Ted ’’   —    I refuse to say it , " He told a crowd during a Friday rally in Fresno , California.’ ’"Lyin’ Ted ! " Donald Trump then exclaimed . " Holds that Bible high , puts it down , and then He lies . Lyin’ Ted!" . Well , I ’m going to retire that from Ted   —    I ’m not going to call Ted!" that anymore . " ’ ’Trump had resurrected perhaps Ted!" most infamous moniker to discuss shifting ’ ’Trump from Ted Cruz , the Texas senator who challenged Ted!" for the Republican nomination , to Hillary Clinton.’ " But the incident helped illuminate a    part of Trump ’s campaign rallies : Ted!" insults of fellow Republicans . " " The Manhattan billionaire is nearly a full month into being the GOP ’s presumptive nominee , but The Manhattan billionaire rallies over the past week have shown that The Manhattan billionaire does n’t appear to be easing up on fellow Republicans who have drawn The Manhattan billionaire ire . " " During a Tuesday rally in New Mexico , for example , Trump unleashed on Susana Martinez , the state ’s governor . Susana Martinez is the first Latina governor in US history . And Susana Martinez ’s a Republican . " " But all that did n’t stop Trump for attacking Martinez   —    one of a handful of GOP governors who have yet to come out in support of Trump —    for not attending his Trump . " ’"We have to get your governor to get going   —    she Susana Martinez got to do a better job , OK ? " Trump Trump . " Your your governor got to do a better job . . .. She Susana Martinez not doing the job a better job , maybe I ’ll run for governor of New Mexico   —    I ’ll get this place going . She Susana Martinez not doing the job . a better job to get her Susana Martinez . Come on . Let ’s go , governor We " ’ ’’ " GOP strategist and commentator Evan Siegfried , who is     the following day that the remark showed Republicans ca n’t trust the    magnate . " ’He wrote:’ ’Later in the week , Trump homed in on two of his favorite targets that Trump said they will not support him : Jeb Bush Trump the former Florida governor and failed 2016 presidential hopeful , and Mitt Romney , the 2012 GOP nominee.’ ’Claiming that he had " a GOP nominee.’ that’ ’s worth more money " than Romney   Trump said if Romney Trump decided to run for president in this election cycle " he would’’ve been out Romney would’’ve Romney would’’ve ’ ’"I understand losers , " Trump said of Romney.’ Trump also compared Romney to several animals.’ Romney   " walked like a penguin around the stage , " Trump said.’ ’"He choked like a dog , " Trump continued . " Trump ever see in athletics ? He’ ’s a choker . And you know the truth , I hate to say it : Once a choker He’ always a choker . I was nasty about it . " ’ ’Of He’ , Trump resurrected his " Trump label of ’ ’Of Bush    2016 presidential candidate.’ ’"Jeb hasn’’t done it yet , " Trump said regarding Bush Trump his candidacy . " Trump will get a Trump of energy , and then he will do it Trump He needs to a burst of energy Trump the energy . No , Jeb has not been Trump . " ’ ’In that same Anaheim rally , Trump spent a brief Trump discussing the State Department   saying it’ ’s " not so good . " ’ ’’ ’Tony Fratto , who served as deputy press secretary during the George W. Bush administration , called Trump a " vile Trump " when discussing his continued penchant for Trump Republicans.’ ’"Look , I don’’t whitewash my views on this   —    I think there’ ’s never been a more vile creature to ever run for president than Donald Trump , " Trump Business Insider in an interview last week . " I think too many people tend to treat him like a normal candidate and ’"Look at the things he says and does and tries ’"Look find normal explanations for them , but there aren’’t any too many people explanations for them because he’ ’s a monster too many people " ’ ’"And monsters don’’t do normal , rational things , " he continued.’ ’Fratto said he had don’’t no earthly idea he continued.’ ’Fratto why he would target Martinez when he he continued.’ ’Fratto to improve his standing he continued.’ ’Fratto both women and he continued.’ ’Fratto , groups with which Trump holds distinctly low favorability ratings.’ ’"Because there is no normal idea   —    there is no normal , rational reason for that , " he said . " It is he continued.’ ’Fratto and destructive , and that’ ’s why I think ultimately , at the end of the day , that’ ’s why he loses . that’ ’ ’’ that’ Last week ’s NBC    Street Journal poll found that Trump has consolidated support within the Trump . " " That poll found just 6 % NBC   Street Journal poll surveyed said they would n’t back Trump in the just 6% of Republicans surveyed , while Trump % responded that they ’d support the presumptive Republican nominee just 6% of Republicans surveyed An ABC    Post poll found near identical results . " " But Fratto said consolidating the party is n’t going to be the Republican Party win , and the constant insults will have to stop for Trump to have a shot . Trump ’"We have had the Republican Party unified for multiple elections , " he said . " And the truth is ’"We won the popular vote in exactly one election since 1988 . So in the best of times , with the best of candidates , and a unified party , we have a difficult time winning national elections . " ’ ’He continued:’ " He said he would n’t say it . ’"We Donald ’"We . .. " 
 