Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s rebound in national polls extends to four swing states in which Donald Trump’s has either narrowed the margin by which Donald Trump’s trailed Hillary Clinton or extended Donald Trump’s lead over Hillary Clinton , according to a new poll . A Quinnipiac University survey released Thursday shows Donald Trump trailing by just 2 points in Colorado , a state where Hillary Clinton had opened up a wide lead and where Democrats had halted advertising . Hillary Clinton is ahead 44 % to 42 % within a new poll ’s margin of error . It ’s a similarly tightened race in Virginia , where ads had similarly stopped , as Hillary Clinton leads by 6 points , 45 % to 39 % . In Georgia , Trump is now up by 7 points , 47 % to 40 % putting some distance between himself Trump Hillary Clinton in what is typically a reliably Republican state . And in Iowa , which has leaned in Trump Trump for the entire general election , he is Trump up by 7 points , 44 % to 37 % . Gary Johnson , the Libertarian candidate , earns 10 % 8 % 9 % and 10 % in Colorado , Virginia , Georgia and Iowa , respectively . " Leads for Donald Trump in Georgia and Georgia and Iowa virtual Iowa in Colorado plus Colorado    lead for Clinton in Virginia represent Virginia major improvement overall for him in these states Clinton " Peter Brown , the director of the poll , said in a statement . After August , during which Clinton was posting at Clinton    national leads over Trump , the Republican nominee has closed the gap considerably and most surveys show a tight    gap . Yet Clinton still has an Clinton path to 270 electoral votes , due in no small part to Virginia and Colorado , two states expected to be battlegrounds that Clinton had been thought Clinton have put away early in the race .   Trump would have more Trump to the White House should those states become more two states Quinnipiac surveyed likely voters from September 13 to September 21 , and the margin of error is 3 . 9 percentage points in Colorado and Georgia , Colorado . 8 points in Virginia and 4 points in Iowa .   Six hundred and    individuals were polled in Colorado , 638 in Colorado , 659 in Virginia Georgia 612 in Iowa Virginia 
 Iowa 