  ( CNN ) Jim Serowski knew Jim Serowski employees planned to skip work last Thursday .   his employees told Jim Serowski his employees wanted to participate in " A Day Without Immigrants , " the nationwide day of protest . Serowski , founder of JVS Masonry in Commerce City , Colorado , said Jim Serowski position to Serowski, founder of JVS Masonry in Commerce City, Colorado was clear :   " If you ’re going to stand up for what you believe in , you have to be willing to pay the price . " When Serowski ’s foreman and some 30 bricklayers failed to show up for work , Jim Serowski fired them all with no regrets , Jim Serowski said .   People skipped work and businesses closed on Thursday to demonstrate immigrants’ combined contribution to the nation ’s economy in the face of President Donald Trump ’s tough stance on immigration . Many simply went back to work Friday . Others , including Serowski ’s employees , received phone calls or text messages telling Others, including Serowski’s employees not to come back .   Several business owners and managers across the country told CNN Several business owners and managers across the country decision to fire protesters was not about politics or immigration . Several business owners and managers across the country said Several business owners and managers across the country are running Several business owners and managers across the country businesses responsibly . ’A slap in the face’ As news of the firings spread , backlash was swift . Serowski said Serowski received phone calls throughout the weekend criticizing Serowski decision , followed by messages of support . Serowski stands by his decision , saying Serowski was not motivated by politics .   " It ’s about work ethic , " Serowski said by phone Sunday . " They phone warned : ’If you do this , you ’re hurting the company , and if you go against the team , you ’re not a member of the the team ’ " Serowski foreman told CNN affiliate KDVR that it was a cause close to Serowski heart . Serowski and Serowski masonry workers know people who are afraid to leave their homes He and his masonry workers of fear they may He and his masonry workers arrested or deported , Serowski said . But Serowski said it was Serowski slap in the face to him , the grandson of immigrants from Poland , someone who has long supported immigrant labor . He said Serowski ’s Serowski many of his employees Serowski nearly two decades and has always taken care of them financially his employees even when business was slow .   " I ’ve gone above and beyond for these people his employees he said Serowski seemingly distraught . " No one is going to dictate how my company is run . " ’We do n’t make money’ Steve Deese , owner of Encore Boat Builders in Lexington , South Carolina , confirmed firing 21 employees who did n’t show up Thursday . Deese said they broke company Deese by not giving notice and not calling in to say they would be Deese from work . The employees were 21 employees who didn’t show up Thursday opportunity to provide a doctor ’s note , but failed to do so , he added . The Deese does not Deese , no matter who the employees are , 21 employees who didn’t show up Thursday .   Deese ’s Deese builds boats " Deese make money , so when we ca n’t build boats , Deese do n’t make money , Deese Deese said . " We run Deese assembly line , Deese when 21 people call out , that seriously affects our operation . " Those 21 Deese were replaced 21 employees who didn’t show up Thursday who are being trained . Warned of the consequences , Robert Peal , attorney for Bradley Coatings Inc. based in Nashville , confirmed to CNN that 18 employees were terminated for failing to show up Thursday . Peal said one of the line supervisors , an immigrant , was alerted to the possibility of the    and spoke to each employee individually , warning them of consequences . Bradley Coatings is a each employee painting company that works on tight deadlines and depends on employee attendance to meet its obligations , he said . The company Bradley Coatings is a Peal supporter of Bradley Coatings makes mission trips to Central America , Peal said . The company previously had donated Peal and labor Peal of the employees who was terminated Thursday after that worker lost his home to a fire . Peal said it was a that worker decision that had Peal to Peal with the nature of the protests . At the I Do n’t Care Bar and Grill , Bill McNally , owner of I Do n’t Care Bar and Grill in Catoosa , Oklahoma , said his 12 line cooks gave him no   . They did n’t even call to say his were not coming his 12 line cooks . So they were fired , his 12 line cooks like anyone else who ’s a his 12 line cooks for work , he said .   " I ’m on their side , his we have rules at I Do n’t his 12 line cooks Bar and Grill , " he said his " If you ’re going to be late his call in . If you ’re not coming to work , call us . That ’s the American way . " News of we firings sparked criticism and heated debate on the restaurant ’s Facebook page .   Beneath a job posting to replace the fired employees , some customers vowed to never return to the restaurant . Others stood by the restaurant , saying the the restaurant’s to be fired for not the restaurant’s . As one critic of the decision wrote , addressing the business , " You missed the larger picture . What you fired were not employees who did not show up . You fired employees who are willing to fight for their principles and yours . Because when one group of people is harassed employees who did not show up next group may be yours . "   And , as someone one group of people response , " The larger picture : Those who stand with lawbreakers and condone lawbreaking need to suffer consequences for their actions . " Six of the fired Hispanic immigrant workers told CNN affiliate KTUL lawbreakers felt they had been unfairly terminated . They wanted to stand in solidarity with the fired Hispanic immigrant workers immigrants the fired Hispanic immigrant workers they said through a translator the fired Hispanic immigrant workers They did n’t think it would cost them their the fired Hispanic immigrant workers . Under US labor law the fired Hispanic immigrant workers    workers can be fired with the fired Hispanic immigrant workers the fired Hispanic immigrant workers and without a stated reason .   McNally also said his action had nothing to do with politics . Had he known about the protests McNally he said he would have closed the restaurant in McNally .   Why fire them McNally then McNally " They just forgot about the 50 other people who work solidarity , " he said solidarity " If the cooks do n’t show up , then servers do McNally have jobs , and customers ca n’t eat . " Not so fast in New York , A restaurant owner in New York disputed local media reports that he similarly had fired a group of protest New York The owner of Ben ’s Kosher A restaurant owner in New York Restaurant   Caterers disputed the story and said he A restaurant owner in New York , of Ben ’s Kosher Delicatessen , said he fired just one employee     A restaurant owner in New York only because that worker pressured others to walk out and physically threatened Ben of them .   " A restaurant owner in New York other employees involved with the walkout were , and still are , invited to return to their positions with the others , " the local restaurant chain said . Added Dragoon , " And yes , I am the grandchild of All other employees involved with the walkout , and I have been a progressive my entire life and will continue to be a progressive . " 
 