MoveOn . org released the following press release Wednesday afternoon : Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity , Resistance , and Resolve Following Election Results , Hundreds of Americans , dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny , racism , Islamophobia , and xenophobia . Tonight , thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation , including outside the White House , following the results of Tuesday ’s presidential election . The gatherings   —    organized by MoveOn . org and allies   —    will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump ’s bigotry , xenophobia , Islamophobia , and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still our is possible . Within two hours of the     MoveOn members MoveOn created more than 200 gatherings nationwide , with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon . WHAT : Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity , resistance , and resolve nationwide , WHEN    WHERE : Find local gatherings here . Major gatherings include in New York City ’s Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington , DC . RSVP : Please email press@moveon . org to confirm attendance . " This is a disaster . We fought our hearts We to avert this reality . But now it ’s here , " MoveOn . org staff wrote to members on Wednesday . " The new    and many of his most    supporters have targeted , demeaned , and threatened millions of us —   and millions of our friends us family , and loved ones . Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands . We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge , a time of danger for our communities We our country . In this moment , we have We take care of ourselves , We families We and our friends We   especially those of us who We on the front lines facing hate , including Latinos , women , immigrants , refugees , Black people , Muslims , LGBT Americans , and so many others . And we need to make it clear that we will we to stand together . " 
 