On this weekend ’s broadcast of " Fox News Sunday , " network senior political analyst Brit Hume said Republican leaders have a desire to get behind Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump but added Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " continues to make it hard for Republican leaders . "   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : Well , Brit , I think it ’s fair to say that Ryan ’s endorsement of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could not have been more tepid . There was no joint appearance . There was no talk about campaigning together . And , since then , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s already called out Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump attack on that judge in the Trump University case . So what does the endorsement mean for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , for Ryan and for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump —    for , rather , Ryan ’s Ryan of trying to hold on to the House Republican majority ? BRIT HUME , FOX NEWS SENOR POLITICAL ANALYST : Tepid though it was , it does Tepid though it was the desire of Republican leaders , and Republicans in general who are in politics , to get behind Trump . And they are all looking for an excuse or a reason or a way to do that . And Trump continues Trump make it hard for them . they mean no sooner does the Ryan endorsement come than the next day he makes Ryan —    approximately at that time , he makes Ryan incendiary attack on this judge , which , you know , clearly bordered , in the eyes of so many people , an outright racism . And so next thing you know , there ’s Ryan saying Ryan , I   —    you know , I have   —    I do n’t want any part of that . You heard Newt Gingrich denounce it as well that as completely unacceptable . These are all people that are trying to move in Trump ’s direction . Trump has this Trump’s opportunity afforded by his earlier than Trump’s locking up of the nomination to use the time to build his case against Trump’s Clinton and to bring the   —    his party behind Trump’s . He Trump’s to Trump’s squandering that opportunity by these outbursts that come that are out of phase with the idea of unifying his party and Trump’s him appealing   Trump’s    an appealing character to a larger base . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 