’   ’ "    ABC anchor George Stephanopoulos grilled President Donald Trump ’s    top policy adviser in a testy Sunday exchange over the    president ’s unfounded voter fraud claims . " ’    During an interview on " This Week , " host George Stephanopoulos pressed    Stephen Miller to provide evidence for Trump’ ’s unfounded    allegations   that voters were bused into New Hampshire from    Massachusetts during the 2016 election , costing him and former    Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte the state .   ’ ’    Without evidence ,   Stephen Miller suggested that there was voter    fraud not only in the 2016 campaign , but in other New Hampshire    races as well , suggesting that the ABC anchor " talk to    anybody who’ ’s worked in politics there for a long time . " ’ ’    " Having worked before on a campaign in New New Hampshire I can tell    you that this issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire New Hampshire widely known by anyone who ’s worked in New Hampshire politics New Hampshire    Miller said . " It ’s very real , it ’s very serious It This morning on    this show is    It for me lay out all   Miller evidence , but I    can tell you    : Voter fraud is a serious problem in this    country . " ’ ’    After Miller continued to insist   Miller New Hampshire was a hotbed    for voter fraud activity , the ABC anchor pointed out that    the adviser offered    evidence that there was voter fraud . ’ ’    " Hold a second . I ’m asking you as the White House senior policy    adviser , the president made a statement saying he was the victim    the president voter fraud , " Stephanopoulos said . " Do you have any evidence ? " ’ ’    Trump’ ’s adviser suggested instead that " if this is an issue    that interests you , then we can talk about it more in the    future , " Stephanopoulos should " invite Kris Stephanopoulos onto    your show and he can walk you through Kris Kobach of the evidence of    voter fraud . " ’ ’    Kobach , Kansas ’’ secretary of state and prominent a      previously cited a 2012 Pew Research Center study that found that    million voter registrations were outdated in 2008 . The author of    the study , often cited a 2012 Pew Research Center study that found that   million voter registrations were outdated in 2008 administration officials as proof    of the president’ ’s claim ,   last year that the researchers " found millions of    out of date registration records due to people moving or dying ,    but found no evidence that voter fraud resulted . " ’ ’    When Stephanopoulos told Miller " you have provided    absolutely no evidence " to support his claims , the policy adviser Miller interjected , claiming the administration " provided enormous    evidence , " insisting that outdated voter registration    roles were evidence of fraud    and claiming that immigrants    living in the US without permission were voting en masse . ’ ’    " George , it is a fact and you will not deny it , that are massive    it of    in this country who are registered to    vote . That is a scandal . We should stop the presses and as a    country we should be aghast about the We that you have people    who have no right to vote in this country registered to vote ,    canceling out the franchise of lawful citizens of this country , "    Miller this country ’ ’    " That ’s the story we should be talking about . And I ’m prepared to    go on any show , anywhere    any time , and repeat it and say the    President of    United States is correct , 100 percent . " ’ ’    The ABC anchor wrapped up the interview by reminding viewers    that Miller did not provide any concrete evidence to support his    claims . ’ ’    Miller    just repeated that you just made those declarations , but for    the record you ’ve provided zero    that the president was    the victim of massive voter fraud in New Hampshire , "    Stephanopoulos said .   ’ ’    He continued : " You have provided   Stephanopoulos evidence of the president ’s    claim that he the president won    popular vote if the president to 5 million    illegal immigrants had n’t voted . Zero evidence for either one of    those claims . Thanks a lot for joining us in the morning . " ’ ’    When Miller replied that the Trump administration was going to    " protect our country " from terrorism , voter fraud , and economic    disparity , Stephanopoulos ended the interview with a parting    shot .    " You can start by providing evidence to back up your claims , " he    said . ’ ’    Since Miller , Trump has repeatedly suggested without evidence    that voter fraud occurred on a massive    in different parts    of the country . In addition to his claims about New Hampshire , he    Trump that millions of immigrants living Trump California without    permission cost him the popular vote . ’ ’    Trump   in states like California    found zero evidence of fraud , California has insisted that he will    launch an official federal government Trump to look    into his own voter fraud allegations .    ’ Trump ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhite House senior advisor doubles down on unsubstantiated NH voter fraud claims : " Voter fraud is a serious problem in this country "   ’ ’ABC anchor George Stephanopoulos grilled . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 