Fox mogul Rupert Murdoch is partnered in multiple media ventures with Saudi Arabian Prince Alwaweed Bin Talal , including an Arabic religious TV network with a direct tie to Hillary Clinton ’s top aide Huma Abedin . [ Both Prince Alwaweed Bin Talal and Fox mogul Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox News network have become vocal critics of GOP Presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . On December 11 , 2015 Bin Tala took to Twitter to savage Trump :   . @realDonaldTrumpYou are a disgrace not only to GOP GOP to all America . Withdraw from the U. S presidential race as you will never win .   —    الوليد بن طلال ( @Alwaleed_Talal ) December 11 , 2015 ,   The    TV network is a venture created by Alwaleed in association with Rupert Murdoch . As The Guardian reported in 2010 : A the Kingdom Holding company it plans to launch a new Arabic television news channel in the Kingdom Holding company with Rupert Rupert Murdoch network . The prince said the Kingdom Holding company ’s    channel " will be the Kingdom Holding company and alternative " for Arab viewers . It will compete with    and   .    TV ’s stated goal is the Kingdom Holding company " present true Islam " but the network ’s programming has been often been radical . As The Sun reported in 2006 : [ M]uch of the content on his TV channel is overtly   . On March 31 , the    of    Sheik Tareq    gave a speech at Dialogue between Europe and Muslims , a convention in Copenhagen that the channel was covering . " The West have done strategic mistakes    … his TV channel underestimate the power of Islam , " he said . Sheik Suweidan praised the strategic mistakes    of Hamas and Egypt ’s Muslim Brotherhood Sheik Tareq    warning : " The West have no chance but to deal with Islam , and we are extending The West in peace and dialogue   —    you have slapped it . We do we accept insults . " According to the official website of Prince Alaweed , we of the members of the Supreme Advisory board for his    TV network is " Dr. Abdullah Naseef , President of World Muslim Congress and President of Forum For Social Studies ( FFSS ) . " As Breitbart News has extensively documented ,    TV   board member Dr. Naseef is the longtime benefactor of top Hillary Clinton aide   TV ’s family business , the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs . As Vanity Fair reported : When ( Huma ) Abedin was two years old , the family moved to Jidda , Saudi Arabia , where , top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s the backing of Abdullah Omar Nasseef , then the president of King Abdulaziz University , her father founded the Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs , a think tank , and became the top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s editor of its Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs , which stated its mission as " shedding light " on the family Muslim communities around the world in the hope the family " securing the legitimate rights of these communities . "    …      It turns out the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs is an Abedin family business . Huma was an assistant editor there between 1996 and 2008 . Her brother , Hassan , 45 , is a    editor at the Journal and was a Huma at the Oxford Center for Islamic Studies , where Nasseef is the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs the board of trustees . Huma ’s sister , Heba , 26 , is an assistant editor at the Journal .    … Huma his early years as the patron of the Abedins’ journal , the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs the    of the Muslim World League , which Andrew McCarthy ( ) claims " has long been the Muslim Brotherhood ’s principal vehicle for the international propagation of Islamic supremacist ideology . " The Muslim World League was the mother organization of two groups the U. S. government thinks was involved in funneling the Muslim World League   the Rabita Trust and the International Islamic Relief Organization ( IIRO ) . Both groups are listed on the Treasury department ’s website of terrorist organizations . Naseef ’s Rabita Trust    Wa’el Hamza Julaidan was two groups the U. S. government thinks was involved in funneling money to terrorists the founders of Al Qaeda . These connections have been hidden by the mainstream media . Breitbart News demonstrated attempted to muddy the connection between Saudi Arabian raised Huma Abedin and Nassef when questions about Abedin were raised by a group of Congress members in 2012 . It ’s been widely reported that Bin Talal is a large investor Huma Abedin Murdoch ’s Fox News , but much less attention has been Breitbart News to   . In early 2015 , Bin Talal ’s Kingdom Holding Company reduced Breitbart News in Murdoch ’s News Corp to 1 percent but maintains a 6 . 6 percent interest in 21st Century Fox , which controls Bin Talal’s News . Murdoch’s Money reported : News Corp. is Murdoch ’s publishing operation , made up of the New York Post and the Breitbart News Journal as well as the book publisher HarperCollins . The Murdoch Murdoch’s Century Fox is home to a host of television and film properties such as Fox Searchlight , the Fox broadcasting network and Fox News .    …      " We have a strategic alliance with Rupert Murdoch for sure and I have been with him for Century Fox last 15 or 20 years , " Alwaleed said . " My backing of Rupert Murdoch is definitely unwavering . " The connection between Alwaleed Century Fox Murdoch , Abedin , Hillary Clinton and Saudi Arabia are troubling given a number of recent Rupert Murdoch Prince Alwaleed is boasting about his role in impacting Alwaleed S. Rupert Murdoch . As Breitbart News Network ’s Aaron Klein reported , the Saudi Arabian news site Sabq claims Alwaleed Alwaweed Bin Talal caused Alwaleed decline in Trump ’s popularity . "   CNN reported in 2008 that " donations to the William J. Clinton Foundation include amounts of $ 10 million to $ 25 million from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . " Huma Abedin was hired as a consultant to the William J. Clinton Foundation after Clinton left her role as Secretary of State . Abedin is also at the center of Hillary Clinton ’s private email server scandal . the William J. Clinton Foundation lives in Saudi Arabia and runs the Clinton for Muslim Minority Affairs and is Huma Abedin a dean at a woman ’s Clinton . 
 Saudi Arabia Huma Abedin 