Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump gave an interview Thursday that aired on a television station funded by the Kremlin , arguing that Russia was " probably " not meddling in the American presidential race . Speaking to Larry King on RT America , which is an arm of    news outlet Russia Today , Donald Trump said it would " not be appropriate " if Russian forces were looking to influence the race , which is suspected by some investigators and has been fanned by Hillary Clinton ’s campaign as recently as Thursday morning .   Donald Trump also suggested that the allegation was politically motivated . " I think it ’s the allegation unlikely . Maybe the Democrats are putting that out     who knows , " Donald Trump told King . " If they are the Democrats something , I hope that somebody ’s going to be able to find out so they can the Democrats it . Because that would not be appropriate at all . " Jason Miller Miller CNN the interview was recorded as a podcast and was a favor to King , King , " Donald Trump was never told it would be shared anywhere else . " Miller later said Trump Donald Trump n’t have agreed to do the interview had he known it would be the interview RT Miller The interview it striking given that Trump Donald Trump Thursday the interview defensive over some of his laudatory comments about Russian President Vladimir Putin Miller Clinton attacked Trump Donald Trump praising Putin on Wednesday evening at the " Commander in Chief Russian President Vladimir Putin " as a stronger leader than President Barack Obama , and her campaign has for weeks pointed out the alleged ties Clinton Trump Donald Trump and Russian interests . Yet the Republican nominee ’s operation on Thursday Russian no discomfort with the mounting criticism , with Trump running Donald Trump Mike Pence echoing the distinction made between Putin and Obama . And the appearance on Russian television suggested no hesitation from Trump to Donald Trump into the Russian . Putin has called the hack of Democratic officials’ email accounts a Putin public service " but has denied Russian involvement . Asked by King if he agreed with Putin Russian assessment , Trump declined Donald Trump pass Putin . " Putin do n’t know who hacked . You tell me : Who hacked ? " Trump said Donald Trump claiming he had Donald Trump heard Putin ’s statement . " I have absolutely no opinion on Putin " Trump also Donald Trump in on domestic politics , declining to criticize Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson for a gaffe he made earlier on Thursday and saying unequivocally that Johnson should not Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson in the general election debate later this month Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson Johnson would need to earn 15 % support in polls to make Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson stage , an effort seemingly hampered when he failed to identify the    city of Aleppo , Syria , Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson a live television interview . " He ’s not too much of a factor , " Trump said Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson " I ’d rather it be Hillary and myself , because we ’re the only two with a chance of winning . " Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , defended Trump ’s appearance Trump ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day " Trump , saying that Trump was n’t criticizing the US to say the Iraq War was a failure Trump   " If you think that Donald Trump is the only person in this country that thinks we ’ve had Trump , anemic foreign policy in the the US years , then that ’s just not true , " Conway said . She also clarified Trump ’s comments on Putin the day before , in which Trump called Conway a Trump than Obama in his country . " In the full Trump he said Putin ’That ’s not the system I Putin , but he ’s a strong leader Putin " Conway said . " I mean , nobody wants to play Putin full clip . " Friday afternoon , as she was walking away from a podium at a the full clip Clinton paused when a reporter shouted a question asking that she respond to Trump ’s appearance on RT America . For several moments Clinton stood still , shaking her head Clinton then returned to the podium . " Every day that goes by Clinton this just becomes more she more of a reality television a podium " she said . " It is beyond one ’s imagination to have a candidate for president praising a Russian autocrat like Clinton Putin . " She added : " So can I say I was surprised ? I ’m not sure anything surprises us anymore . Clinton King ’s show , PoliticKing , is produced by Ora TV , which was founded by King ’m Mexican media magnate Carlos Slim in 2012 . In June 2015 , Ora announced it was dropping plans to work on a television project with Trump following his controversial remarks about undocumented Mexican immigrants . 
 Trump 