Paris ( CNN ) He was once the subject of mockery in French political circles . Now Emmanuel Macron has had the last laugh . The independent centrist , who had never held elected office , has become the Fifth Republic ’s youngest ever president after defeating    candidate Marine Le Pen . The     former investment banker , who entered the race without the backing of an established political party , had been branded by Emmanuel Macron opponents as inexperienced . But part of Emmanuel Macron allure is his Emmanuel Macron rise     a civil servant who became a millionaire and eventually a government minister . Marriage a focus , His Emmanuel Macron life has attracted attention , too . As a     he Emmanuel Macron his Emmanuel Macron school teacher that he Emmanuel Macron one day marry her a     He Emmanuel Macron that promise in 2007 when Brigitte Trogneux , 24 years his Emmanuel Macron , became his Emmanuel Macron . French journalist Anne Fulda reveals more details about their relationship in her French journalist Anne Fulda book , " Emmanuel Macron : A Perfect Young Man . "   According to Reuters , the her recent book how the teenage "Emmanuel Macron: A Perfect Young Man father ’s orders "Emmanuel Macron: A Perfect Young Man end the romance with Trogneux , who was married with three children at the time .   Since 2015 , the previously very private couple have been spending more time with the media , appearing in several French glossy magazines .   The marriage took center stage earlier this year when Macron was accused of "Emmanuel Macron: A Perfect Young Man an affair with a man . He dismissed the allegations "Emmanuel Macron: A Perfect Young Man criticized the rumormongers , saying : " For those who want to spread the rumor that I am deceitful . .. not only is it unpleasant for Brigitte , but I promise that from morning until night , she shares my whole Brigitte with me . She ’s Brigitte how Brigitte could physically do it . " From minister to candidate , Born in the northern French city of Amiens where he went to school and first met Trogneux , Macron studied at Paris ’s prestigious Lycée Henry IV before entering the Ecole National d’Administration , long a training ground for France ’s political elite . Appointed to President Francois Hollande ’s staff in 2012 after a successful career in the banking sector , Macron moved into the Macron of economy minister two years later , replacing the more    Arnaud Montebourg . But his time in office was not without controversy . His determination to push his    liberal reforms made him unpopular on the his ’s own benches . With a backbench rebellion and government defeat looming , the    " Macron Law , " which aimed to shake up the economy through labor reform , had to be forced through the National Assembly with the help of a controversial parliamentary measure . It led to several the National Assembly of protest , but also to Macron ’s realization that it was not just the economy that needed to change , but the system itself . Announcing his resignation in August , he explained that he his " touched his his own finger , his limits of the system , " the system itself himself into the presidential race his launching his own party , En his ! What he ’s pledged , Macron his election manifesto promised to reform France ’s welfare and pensions systems . He has been vocal about his fight against terror and law and order , announcing proposals to increase defense spending , hire 10 , 000 more police officers and create a task force that would work around the clock to fight ISIS . Macron ’s policies had been Macron’s wooing conservative voters , but he has also unveiled proposals his please the left too , such as his call for better pay his teachers working in poor , socially diverse areas . He is staunchly    and his promised to put France back at the heart of the EU and defend the bloc ’s single market . He has also struck a his tone seeking constructive dialogue with US President Donald Trump , while expressing interest in working with Russia , Iran , Turkey and Saudi Arabia towards lasting political solutions in Syria and elsewhere . And he ’s managed to pull his support from across the political spectrum in France .   In March , former Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced he would be voting for Macron former Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls than his own party ’s candidate , former Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls after the results of the first round were announced , defeated Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon and Republicans Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe pledged their support and asked their voters Republicans Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe do the same Republicans Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe Crucially , Macron managed to attract a number Macron    voters of all ages . En Marche ! which was only created in September , now has more than 200 , 000 members and his meetings have attracted vast crowds . With his strong support base boosted by his and Socialists , Macron was propelled into the Élysée Macron . The campaign may be over , but the real work is only just beginning . As Macron himself said : " A Macron of our history " has been turned . 
 