This post was updated on January 3 at 12:24pm .    Donald Trump has shown a rare talent for leaving Donald Trump own allies and friends in a difficult and awkward spot , and Donald Trump demonstrated a rare talent for leaving his own allies and friends in a difficult and awkward spot again on Monday , weakly condemning a move by House Republicans to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics as a misplaced priority , while also calling the the Office of Congressional Ethics unfair " —   a very public demonstration of why even the   ’s strongest allies sometimes find it difficult to follow Donald Trump lead . Within hours of Donald Trump tweets , and amid broad public outcry , the House Republican caucus called an emergency meeting , and pulled the amendment —   a black eye for the congressional GOP and its leadership GOP perhaps made even more humiliating by the public rebuke from their own the congressional GOP and its leadership . Trump weighed in around 10 a. m. on Tuesday , about 14 hours into a hubbub over the House move . With all that Congress has to work on , do they really all that Congress has to work to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog , as unfair as it , the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog .... ... may be , their number all that Congress has to work act and priority . Focus on tax reform , healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance ! # DTS , At first glance , it looked #DTS if Trump was picking a fight with Congress , which to a certain extent he is Trump But that overstates what he actually Trump . Trump went Trump of his way Trump acknowledge the complaint , voiced by some members of Congress , that the ethics committee stepped on their    some members of Congress and was   . ( Norm Ornstein makes the case for the committee the ethics committee His only the complaint the Norm Ornstein and priority of the move needless to say , Trump would Trump the House to focus first on the things that he cares about most . Trump Norm Ornstein Trump to demonstrate his keen ability Trump read an audience and react . They came after hours of pushback , Trump’s tweets at a time when the fate of the amendment still seemed undecided —   and leaning toward survival . By stepping into the debate when he did , he may have helped Norm Ornstein the balance Norm Ornstein it , but he may also have the balance in just Norm Ornstein time to claim credit for a shift that was already underway . Put yourself in the shoes of Representative Bob Goodlatte , who on Monday put forward an amendment in the GOP Conference to gut the office . On the one hand , Trump spent the last month of the campaign claiming he would " drain the swamp " Trump corruption in Washington , while Speaker Paul Ryan and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , the House Republican leaders , both opposed Goodlatte ’s amendment . On the other hand , Trump demonstrated no public interest in fighting Trump since he got elected , and has obstinately Trump to acknowledge , much less mitigate , his own conflicts of interest . It Trump have seemed like a safe bet that the    would look the other way . The GOP ’s Ethics Disaster   That ’s presumably what Kellyanne Conway , a Trump adviser , was surmising when she went on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe Trump Tuesday and faced a series of hostile questions about the House Republicans’ move Monday night . While Conway said she had not spoken with Trump about Conway vote , she offered Trump strong defense of gutting Conway office , saying that the GOP maintaining control of Congress meant " there ’s a mandate there for them to make significant change . " the GOP was left somewhere in the middle , too . He opposed the move within the conference Ryan but he still allowed the rules package to Ryan . Shortly after Trump ’s tweets , he issued a long statement trying to Ryan it several ways . The speaker acknowledged , " After eight Ryan operation , many members believe the Office of Congressional Ethics is in need of reform to protect due process and ensure it is operating according to its stated mission due process " but he also due process he had " made clear Ryan the new Ryan of the House Ethics Committee that it is not to interfere with the Office ’s investigations or prevent it from the Office of Congressional Ethics , " a somewhat toothless the Office’s investigations . Trump the Office’s investigations mild scolding does point to the tensions to come between the White House and the Republican Congress , which have made great efforts to project unity , despite Trump ’s    departures from —   and sometimes flagrant Trump for —   the party line . One division is on Russia , where Trump has refused to even countenance the idea that the Trump was involved in malicious hacking in the presidential campaign , while many GOP members of Congress see it as dangerous intervention by a hostile regime . Gutting the OCE is another case where congressional Republicans have their own interests , and intend to pursue them . congressional Republicans all , the GOP caucus has undercut congressional Republicans rules before the OCE was GOP after a series of scandals involving the OCE and members have wanted to remove that threat for some time . After calling an emergency meeting around noon , the House Republican caucus abruptly reversed course , removing the amendment the GOP caucus the rules package —   a reversal as sudden the OCE the introduction of the rule . That ’s embarrassing for Goodlatte , perhaps the only member who is known to have supported the amendment , since the vote on it was private and anonymous . Ryan the amendment Tuesday morning statement signaled acquiescence with his caucus , is also caught somewhat out in the open , showing that the GOP caucus over members is weak . But Trump wins , as he always seems to his : He gets credit for helping sink the maneuver , imparting his " drain the swamp " Trump without his actually taking steps to fight corruption , or even to condemn dismantling ethics watchdogs . Trump how could he have done otherwise ? Picking a real fight with Congress on ethics would carry the Trump that it might have a change of heart and actually start pushing Trump for accountability on his a real fight with Congress on ethics ethical challenges . Moving to pass the ethics rules now was a page torn Trump out of the Trump playbook : The theory is that you can get away with doing things that are Trump violations of norms , and even ones that might be politically toxic if handled through the typical political process , if they are instead dealt with brusquely , casually , and secretively . By the time the gutting of OCE was known , it was already passed and incorporated into the rules package , and the opponent best positioned the gutting of OCE stop it , Paul Ryan , had already been steamrolled . But they play turned out not the gutting of OCE work as well for the House as it has for they   . It will be much harder to pass later , after the House been pulled for public outcry . The abrupt demise of the amendment suggests two lessons for Republicans in Congress : Guessing Trump ’s mind is impossible , and the tactics that work for him are liable to blow up in anyone else ’s face . 
 Trump 