Bloomberg ’s Joshua Green writes that Republican consultants are reacting to the rise of populists like Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders with harsh criticism of big banks like Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers . [ From Bloomberg Politics :   When it comes to attacking Wall Street , no one can match Bernie Sanders conviction . But the Vermont senator ’s eagerness to jail , fine , and tax bankers has overshadowed another group of politicians who have unexpectedly turned into vocal critics of the biggest banks : Republicans . At events leading up to the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary , Donald Trump railed against what he characterized Donald Trump corporate " bloodsuckers " who control the government through their campaign the government —   echoing Rolling Stone writer Matt Taibbi ’s description of Goldman Sachs as " a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity . " Trump has Donald Trump after Goldman , too , accusing the bank Donald Trump influence over Republican rival Ted Cruz . In January the Texas senator admitted that he ’d failed the Texas senator report to the Federal Election Commission loans from Goldman Sachs and Goldman Sachs up to $ 1 million . " Goldman owns him , Goldman Trump the Texas senator on Jan. 16 . " He will do anything the Texas senator demand . " A Jan. 13 Bloomberg    Moines Register Iowa Poll found that this was Trump ’s single most Trump attack against Cruz .    …      Why are Republicans turning on the financial giants that have been their biggest benefactors ? Republicans Trump ’s surge has Trump’s big    call , and so has Bernie Sanders ’s , " says Kristen Soltis Anderson ,    of Echelon Insights , a Republican polling firm . " But Mitt Romney ’s loss is still reverberating with Republicans , too . So many of them think , ‘ That Republicans an election we should have won —   and we lost because we were we able to we ourselves from being painted as we guys who drove the economy into the ground . ’ "    …      The most striking example of a Republican targeting Wall Street is the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , Richard Shelby of Alabama . Shelby , who ’s being challenged by a Tea Party candidate , Jonathan McConnell , in the state ’s March 1 primary , has already spent almost $ 3 million on TV ads —   more than anyone else in Congress —   many of them attacking Wall Street banks Shelby, who’s being challenged by a Tea Party candidate, Jonathan McConnell, in the state’s March 1 primary    …      For Republicans such as Shelby , the purpose is primarily defensive : to stave off a populist insurgency from the Right . " Republicans never successfully litigated their own guilt or innocence Republicans the financial crisis , " Anderson says . " They ’re worried that voters Republicans do it on their own . " Read voters rest of the story here . 
 