’   ’ "    Twitter suspended Martin Shkreli ’s account on    Sunday following his trolling of freelance    journalist Lauren Duca . " "    After freelance   journalist Lauren Duca wrote a    opinion piece for Teen Vogue in    December called   Shkreli started    targeting her with jokes about his affection for her on Twitter ,    including a direct message his allegedly sent asking her to be his    date to Trump ’s inauguration . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI would rather eat my own organs   ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHow is this allowed    ’ "    Twitter confirmed that Shkreli ’s account suspension was    related to Shkreli’s harassment of Duca , and that Shkreli’s will have    to change parts of Shkreli’s account if Shkreli’s appeals to have his account    reinstated . " ’    " The Twitter Rules prohibit targeted harassment , and we    will take action on accounts violating those policies , " a Twitter    spokesperson told Business Insider on Sunday . a Twitter   spokesperson confirmed that Shkreli’ ’s account had also been suspended on    Periscope , the live video streaming app Twitter owns . ’ ’    Duca told Business Insider Business Insider direct message Twitter    Shkreli " is engaged in targeted harassment , and absolutely    deserves to have his account suspended    ’ ’    " It’ ’s unfortunate that the only reason people are paying    attention is because he’ ’s relatively " she said .    It’ Trolling seems to be an automatic occupational hazard for female    writers who receive any level of professional attention . That’ ’s    something Twitter needs to work harder to fix , but obviously the    problem runs far deeper . " ’ ’    Shkreli responded to Business Insider’ ’s request for comment with    the word " nope . " ’ ’    A    Trump    supporter , first made    headlines when a    company he founded    called    raised the price of a    AIDS drug by over    5 , 000 % a controversial decision that he then . He also     for he attempting to loot another    pharmaceutical company he ran , Retrophin he in 2014 . ’ ’    This isn’’t the first time that Twitter has banned a famous figure    for targeted harassment . In July 2016 , the company   for his tweets targeting " SNL " and    " Ghostbusters " actress Leslie Jones . ’ ’    " People should be able to express diverse opinions and beliefs on    Twitter , " a Twitter spokesperson said at the time in response to    Yiannopoulos’ ’s banning . " But no one deserves to be subjected to    targeted abuse online , and our rules prohibit inciting or    engaging in the    abuse or harassment of others . " ’ 
 