Sunday on CNN ’s " Fareed Zakaria GPS , " when asked about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , President Barack Obama said President Barack Obama expected that Americans will say " no " to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s policy measures .   President Barack Obama said , " There ’s a long tradition in the United States of inclusion , immigration , diversity , but also people once immigration, diversity, but also people ’re included in what immigration, diversity, but also people consider to be the real America , worried about outsiders , contaminating , polluting , messing up a good thing . That ’s not new . That dates back to the beginning of America . What I ’m always reminding people is that although you ’ll see bumps , whether it ’s the    or , you know , other    sentiment directed at the Irish or Southern Europeans as opposed to Northern Europeans or the Chinese , or today Latinos or Muslims , the    trend is people get absorbed , people get assimilated . We benefit from this incredible country in which the measure of your patriotism and how American you are is not the color of your skin , your last name , your faith , but rather your adherence to a creed , your belief in certain principles and values . " " I do n’t expect that ’s going to change because Mr. Trump ’s got a little more attention than usual , " he Mr. Trump . " I think if you look at the current polls , he Mr. Trump been able to appeal to a certain group of folks who feel left out or worried about the demographic change , social change , who have legitimate concerns around the economy and feeling left behind . But that ’s not the majority of America . And if you talk to younger people , the next generation of Americans , they younger people reject the kinds of positions that he Mr. Trump taken . We have to take it seriously , any time that we We intolerance , any time that we We policy measures that are contrary to our values , banning certain classes of people , who they are and what they they at , what faith they they , then we We to be pretty hard about saying no to that . And I think American will do that this time as well . Overall , I ’m optimistic , but I think we We to pay close attention to what ’s going on . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 