Washington ( CNN ) House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi believes the Democratic Party should not use abortion as a deciding factor on whether to endorse candidates for office . " This is the Democratic Party . This is This a    party , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in an interview with The Washington Post published Tuesday . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is the    Democrat in the House , and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi comments are at odds with recent remarks by Democratic National Committee Chair Tom Perez , who recently called Democratic support for abortion " not negotiable . " Speaking to the Post The Washington Post referred to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi background growing up in a " devout Catholic family " that was also " staunchly Democratic . "   " Most of those people     my family , extended family     are not   . You think I ’m kicking them out of extended family     Democratic Party ? " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told The Washington Post The Washington Post although the political debate over support for abortion has been traditionally settled down party lines , the Democratic Party ’s divide the Democratic Party somewhat unsuspecting source     the Omaha , Nebraska , mayoral race .   Democratic candidate Heath Mello initially received support from Perez and Sen. Bernie Sanders .   However , the endorsement brought intense criticism from fellow Democrats and women ’s groups , including    rights organization NARAL    which criticized Mello ’s record on the subject during his Democratic candidate Heath Mello the state legislature .   Mello has since clarified his stance on abortion as Democratic candidate Heath Mello he thinks should his a decision made between a his and her partner , according to The Nation .   Sanders stood by his endorsement of Mello in an his on CBS his " Face Democratic candidate Heath Mello Nation " on April 23 , calling the The Nation " if we ’re going to become a    party . " Sen. Tammy Duckworth ,    echoed Pelosi ’s comments while speaking to reporters Wednesday evening at an event for Emily ’s List     a group that works to elect Democratic ,    women in various levels of government . When asked    there is room for    candidates in the Democratic Party , Duckworth replied : " I think there is , but I think they would have to be very nuanced in how they   candidates in the Democratic Party about these issues . " " We have   candidates in the Democratic Party full range of folks , but at   candidates in the Democratic Party end of the day , it ’s about respecting each individual ’s rights , and that means you have to respect women ’s rights , " Duckworth said . Perez also issued a statement advising Democratic Duckworth for abortion .   " I fundamentally disagree with Heath Mello ’s personal beliefs about women ’s reproductive health . It is a promising step that Mello now shares the Democratic Party ’s position on women ’s fundamental rights .   Every candidate who runs as a Democrat should do the same , because every woman should be able to make her own health choices . Period , " Perez said every woman the statement .    President Donald Trump ’s administration has been stacked with abortion critics , including Vice President Mike Pence , and he nominated Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , President Donald Trump win for    conservatives . Trump has also been hailed by    advocates for his President Donald Trump as president , including the reversal of the President Donald Trump Mexico City Policy , which removed funding to    organizations that perform or promote abortions , and cuts to funding for the United Nations Population Fund , a program for women and girls , over abortion . " You know what ? That ’s why Donald Trump is president of the United States     the evangelicals and the Catholics ,    equality ,   . That ’s how he got to be president , " Pelosi said to Donald Trump Washington Post . 
 