  ( CNN ) US Energy Secretary Rick Perry weighed in Wednesday on the student body election of US Energy Secretary Rick Perry alma mater , questioning whether Texas AM ’s first openly gay student body president legitimately earned the title . In an    for the Houston Chronicle , US Energy Secretary Rick Perry said Texas was " US Energy Secretary Rick Perry concerned " by the school ’s decision to disqualify the winner of the popular vote and declare junior Bobby Brooks president .   At best , the school " the school’s mockery of due process " in the name of diversity , he said . US Energy Secretary Rick Perry worse , the election was " stolen . " " It is difficult to the election the perception that this quest for ’diversity’ is the real reason the election outcome was overturned , " Perry wrote . " Does the principle of ’diversity’ override and supersede ’diversity’ other values of our Aggie Honor Code ? " The allegations prompted a swift repudiation from the school . Meanwhile , critics wondered if Perry did n’t have Perry things to do with his time as energy Perry than pen an      on college politics . Robert McIntosh , the McIntosh votes than Brooks , an openly gay student .   McIntosh was disqualified for failing to disclose campaign expenses     specifically , a receipt for glow sticks used in a campaign video , according to school judicial court records . Another charge of voter intimidation was dismissed based on lack of evidence . But the school court upheld the disqualification " with no consideration given to whether the punishment fit the crime , " Perry wrote .   " The desire of the electorate is overturned , and thousands of student votes are disqualified because of free glow sticks that appeared for 11 seconds of a    campaign . Apparently , glow sticks merit the same punishment as voter intimidation . " Perry goes free glow sticks that appeared for 11 seconds of a   campaign say that every Aggie should ask themselves if the Perry would have been the same if McIntosh had been a every Aggie should ask themselves if the outcome would have been the same if McIntosh had been a "minority student" instead of a white male, or if Brooks had been disqualified minority student " instead of a white male , or if Brooks had been disqualified .   " Would the administration and the student body have allowed the first gay student body president to be voided for using charity glow sticks ? Would the student body have allowed a black student body president to be disqualified on the student body voter intimidation ? " he asks . " We all know that the administration , the SGA and student body a black student body president not have permitted such a thing to happen . The outcome would have been different if the victim was different . " Perry ’s detractors noted that McIntosh is the son of    Republican fundraiser Alison McIntosh , who campaigned for President Donald Trump .   The school said it was " surprised " that Perry had chosen to weigh in . It " respectfully " disagreed with his assessment and Perry the integrity of the election . The school " The disqualification of the leading    resulted in the certification of Bobby Brooks as the next Student Body President effective April 21 , 2017 . To suggest that the same decision of disqualification would not have been made if the roles were reversed is to deny the Texas AM of today where accountability applies to all , " university spokeswoman Amy Smith said in a statement . " Bobby Brooks , in this role , represents all students of all backgrounds . I know Bobby Brooks takes this responsibility seriously and we look forward to working with him . We are also grateful to the other students who ran for the office and who he undoubtedly we to be leaders on the campus . " 
 