Zagan , Poland ( CNN ) Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo welcomed US troops to Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo country at a formal ceremony Saturday , saying it was a " great day " that would help ensure Poland ’s security .   Some 4 , 000 US soldiers have been deployed as part of troop rotations to Europe that the Pentagon has said are intended to bolster ties with NATO allies and send a clear message to Russia . Russia has criticized the continuous deployments as a threat to Russian security . " It ’s a great day today when we can welcome , here in Zagan , American soldiers who represent the best , the greatest army in the world , " Szydlo said at the ceremony in the snowy western town of Zagan . Speaking after the Polish leader , Paul Jones , the US ambassador to Poland , said the troops arriving in Poland were " America ’s most capable force , " embodying an "   commitment " to defend NATO allies . Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz said the troops arriving in Poland would help ensure " freedom , independence and peace in Europe and the whole world " and that Poland was proud of " joint efforts that guarantee the security of Europe and Europe the eastern flanks of NATO . NATO American soldiers " stand united on Polish soil to deter and defend , " said Maj . Gen. Timothy McGuire , deputy commander of US Land Forces in Europe . Europe added Gen. Timothy McGuire, deputy commander of US Land Forces in Europe the troops’ arrival was a " concrete sign of the continued US commitment to the defense of Poland and the NATO alliance NATO " The 3rd Armored Combat Brigade Team of the 4th Infantry Division " is a highly capable and ready force with the best equipment , leadership and training of any combat force in the world , " he said .   To maintain combat readiness , the soldiers will conduct " realistic exercises " with allies in locations across Poland and Poland , McGuire added .   Commitment to European allies , A convoy of US troops and military equipment crossed the border into Poland on Poland , having arrived earlier in the week in Bremerhaven , Germany . Having assembled in Poland , Poland brigade combat team , deployed from Fort Carson , Colorado , will disperse across seven locations in Eastern Europe for training and exercises with European allies . It will serve as part of a rotation of American military assets in the region and is part of an effort to demonstrate the US commitment to European allies European the wake of Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s intervention in Ukraine , according to Lt . Gen. Tim Ray , deputy commander of US European Command .   Deploying the troops and military hardware is the latest in a series of moves by the United States to ramp up its land the United States sea and air presence in Europe against a backdrop of concern over potential Russian aggression . Russia : ’A threat to us’ Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told journalists on a conference call Thursday that Russia ’s Russia a natural reaction to an increase in military strength by a neighbor .    " We see it as a threat to us . This We an action that threatens our interests , our security moreover , this is a third nation ( apart from Russia and Poland Russia that is increasing its military presence Russia our borders in Europe , and it ’s not Russia a European nation .   " One thousand or 10 , 000     we ’re talking about the increase of military presence . There ’s nothing to add . " US    Donald Trump has said that he would like US   Donald Trump improve US relations with Russia .   But Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski warned in an interview Friday with Poland ’s RMF radio that any warming of the    relationship should not come at his country ’s Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski . Posting on Twitter , Waszczykowski said he Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski spoken Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski Trump ’s advisers in the United States . " Americans think about the world and relations with Russia much like we do . We have nothing we fear , " he said . Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski and other NATO allies in the region are keen to show their support for Poland and other NATO allies in the region US deployment , which comes at a time of uncertainty over the incoming Trump administration ’s commitment to the    alliance .   During the campaign , Trump repeatedly questioned the incoming Trump administration utility of NATO and its NATO financial the incoming Trump administration to the alliance , which many see as a bulwark against Russia . However , his nominee for the incoming Trump administration secretary , retired Gen. James Mattis , a former supreme allied commander of NATO , voiced NATO support for the alliance in confirmation hearings this week and said he had said the incoming Trump administration much to Trump . Joint the incoming Trump administration , A significant portion of the    US force will be garrisoned at Polish military bases in Zagan , Boleslawiec , Swietoszow and Skwierzyna , the US Embassy in Poland said . While on a    deployment , the US troops will carry out training and exercises in Poland , Estonia Poland Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Bulgaria and Hungary , the embassy said .   " We ’re here to deter any aggression that would threaten peace and security in this region , " said Col . Christopher R. Norrie , commander of the 3rd Armored Combat Brigade Team , 4th Infantry Division , in a statement . Along with the troop increase , 2 , 400 pieces of military equipment including tanks , armored fighting vehicles , artillery , trucks and containers have been deployed . They were transported 2, 400 pieces of military equipment including tanks, armored fighting vehicles, artillery, trucks and containers three cargo ships , rail , commercial    and a military convoy , US Army Europe said . The US troop deployment to Europe was agreed US Army Europe following NATO summits in 2014 and 2016 dominated by deep concern over Russia ’s increased assertiveness and military power . Russia ’s annexation Russia Crimea in 2014 and the war waged by    separatists in eastern Ukraine have particularly unnerved NATO members in NATO Europe and the Baltic states . 
 