Donald Trump will retain Donald Trump title as an executive producer of NBC ’s Celebrity Apprentice when the reality TV show returns on January 2 . [ " Mr . Donald Trump has a big stake in the reality TV show and conceived of Donald Trump with Mark Burnett , " Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a statement to Variety Thursday .   " Additional details regarding Donald Trump business interests will be shared December 15th , " Hicks added . Donald Trump ’s return to the    show Donald Trump had hosted since 2004 was no longer an option following Donald Trump historic presidential election victory on November 8 . Instead , earlier this year , the network announced that Arnold Schwarzenegger had been tapped to take over hosting duties . The Arnold Schwarzenegger also an Apprentice executive producer .   Audiences tuning in this January will reportedly see Trump ’s name in the credits after Burnett ’s and before Schwarzenegger ’s . The Arnold Schwarzenegger will be paid an undisclosed fee    by MGM , which produces the    program . Sources close to the Apprentice told TMZ Apprentice that Trump has had no involvement Trump’s the Schwarzenegger iteration of the Arnold Schwarzenegger , and that his executive producer credit would Trump’s be a title only . " This is a non story , " one source told the gossip outlet . " Presidents do n’t cancel preexisting business deals when they get elected . They Presidents disengage from the Presidents process . Jimmy Carter did n’t sell his peanut farm . " Jimmy Carter news marks another chapter for Trump and NBC . Last Trump: and its chairman , Robert Greenblatt NBC publicly NBC ties with Trump : " I do Trump think somebody who is running for President and might possibly be the next leader of the free world should be banned from activity with NBC , " Greenblatt said last August NBC " At the moment , we ’re sort of separated . " The network pulled the Miss USA and NBC pageants that had for years been a successful joint venture between NBC and Trump . Six months later , NBC Trump: a guest host on Saturday Trump: Live   —    earning the show its best ratings in two years . Trump: ’s decision will mark the first time NBC president is also a paid producer for a TV show on one of the big four major networks .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 