  ( CNN ) Former Sen. Scott Brown on Monday stepped into the attack dog role for Donald Trump , saying Former Sen. Scott Brown former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren should " take a DNA test " if his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren wants to prove his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren Native American heritage .   " his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren ’s not Native American , his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren ’s not    his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren has no Native American background , except for what his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren family told his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren , " Brown told reporters on a conference call hosted by the Republican National Committee , hours after Hillary Clinton and Warren appeared at an event together . " The easy answer , as you all know , is that Harvard and Penn can release those records , she Harvard authorize the release of those those records she Harvard take a DNA test , she Harvard release the records those records ’s never been any effort , " Brown said .   Warren Warren on Tuesday telling the hosts of ABC ’s " The View " that the comments were aimed at bullying her Harvard into shutting up . " " What this is really about is can they bully me into shutting up ? " she Harvard . " Can they be nasty enough they ugly enough and throw enough in my direction that I will say ’oh’ and just go back into the shadows ? And the answer is nope , not happening . " Warren and Clinton appeared at a campaign event together earlier in the day , a large part of which was spent slamming Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee .   RELATED : Elizabeth Warren : Donald Warren ’crush you into the dirt’ Warren has previously Warren was Warren part Cherokee and Warren Delaware . " Brown called the Massachusetts Democrat ’s claimed Native American heritage " a reverse form of racism , " showing " very serious character flaws . "    " Secretary Clinton is considering making someone the vice president who has very serious character flaws when it comes to honesty and credibility and dealing with her heritage , and what did that Secretary Clinton ? That took away somebody who truly was a Native American and gave that opportunity to somebody who is not , and that ’s just not right . It ’s a reverse form of racism , quite frankly . "     The issue has come up before , in the the 2012 Massachusetts Senate race . Brown and supporters frequently brought it up on the campaign trail in The issue Warren ’s applications to law school teaching roles at Harvard and the University of Pennsylvania . Brown had said Warren " checked the Brown claiming she Warren’s Native American " in her Warren’s , but a Washington Post Warren’s check found " there is no proof that she ever marked a form to tell Warren’s about her heritage , nor is there any Warren’s evidence that the universities knew about her lineage before hiring her . " Warren’s , a    Warren’s , defeated Brown , who later moved to New Brown surrogate for Trump . On Monday he also critiqued Warren ’s willingness to appear alongside Clinton , whom he dubbed " Queen of Wall Street , " calling her Brown of the presumptive Democratic nominee " hypocritical . "   Sources Brown CNN Warren is among those under consideration for Clinton Brown vice presidential pick . Asked whether he hopes she makes the cut , Warren’s Clinton has " much better choices , Clinton pointing to Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and New Brown Sen. Cory Booker , whom he described Clinton " more vetted , more logical choices . "   As vice presidential speculation fuels for Brown himself , he would Brown answer whether he is being vetted by the Trump campaign .   " He will release those names Brown feels it Brown appropriate , " Brown Brown , directing inquiries to the Trump campaign . This story Brown been updated to reflect that Brown Scott Brown conference call was hosted Brown the Republican National Committee . the Trump campaign 