Maggie Haberman and Ashley Parker write in the New York Times :   LAS VEGAS   —    Donald J. Trump has shaken up Donald J. Trump presidential campaign for the second time in two months , hiring a top executive from the conservative website Breitbart News and promoting a senior adviser in an effort to right Donald J. Trump faltering campaign . Stephen Bannon , the executive chairman of Breitbart News LLC , will become the Republican campaign ’s chief executive , and Kellyanne Conway , a senior adviser and pollster for Mr. Trump and his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , will become the campaign manager . Paul Manafort , the campaign chairman , will retain his title . But the staffing change , hammered out on Sunday and set to be formally announced Wednesday morning , was seen by some as a demotion for Mr. Manafort . [   …     ] " We met as the ‘ core four’ today , " Ms. Conway added , referring to Ms. Conway , Mr. Bannon , Mr. Manafort and Mr. Gates . People briefed on the move said that the move reflected Mr. Trump ’s realization that Mr. Trump’s campaign was at a crisis point . But his campaign indicates that the candidate   —    who has chafed at making the types of changes Mr. Trump’s current aides have asked for , even though Mr. Trump’s had acknowledged his current aides would need to occur   —    has decided to embrace Mr. Trump’s aggressive style for the duration of the race . Both Ms. Conway and Mr. Bannon , whose news organization has been very favorable to Mr. Trump since Mr. Trump entered the primaries , are close with Robert and Rebekah Mercer , the     conservative donors who have become allies of the candidate and are funding a " super PAC " that is working against Hillary Clinton . [   …     ] Mr. Trump has no experience with political campaigns , but he Mr. Trump the type of    fighter that the the candidate in Corey Lewandowski , his Mr. Trump former campaign manager , who was fired on June 20 . Mr. Mr. Trump been a supporter of Mr. Trump ’s pugilistic instincts , which the candidate has the candidate in interviews he is Mr. Trump about suppressing . He is Mr. Trump deeply mistrustful of the political establishment , and his website Mr. Trump often been critical of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell , the majority leader . Read the rest here . 
 