Washington ( CNN ) ExxonMobil Chairman and CEO Rex Tillerson is the leading candidate for Secretary of State in a Donald Trump administration , multiple sources familiar with the transition process tell CNN .   The final announcement is expected to be made in the middle of this week , according to a source close to the campaign . A source also said Mitt Romney is still in the running , at the urging of Reince Priebus , who will be Trump ’s chief of staff .   Tillerson , who met with Trump’s in New York Saturday , is considered one of the faces of Big Oil globally .   Tillerson has told the    Tillerson would be honored to have the job of secretary of state and left Saturday ’s meeting believing Tillerson will be the pick , according to two sources familiar with Tillerson thinking .   One said Tillerson was told the    will formalize Tillerson choice this week     as in extend an official offer .   Both sources shared information on condition of anonymity because they Both sources not authorized to discuss the issue for the record . Trump ’s spokesman Jason Miller tweeted Saturday that there would be " no announcements on Secretary of State until next week at the earliest . " Tillerson was originally considered a long shot to be America ’s top diplomat , but Trump Trump’s reportedly intrigued by the oil man ’s view of the world . " He Trump’s much more than a business executive . He Trump’s a world class player . He Trump’s in charge of , I guess , the largest company in the the world " Trump Trump’s Fox Trump’s Chris Wallace in an interview airing Sunday . " And to me , Chris Wallace in an interview airing Sunday great advantage is that he Trump’s many of the players . And he Trump’s them well he knows many of the players " " He Trump’s massive deals in Russia . He Trump’s massive deals     for the company , not for himself Trump’s for the company the company the real estate mogul added . Trump echoed those comments in a tweet later Sunday morning .   " Whether I choose him or not Trump ’State’   Rex Tillerson , the Chairman   CEO of ExxonMobil , is a world class player and dealmaker . Stay tuned ! " As head of the world ’s most valuable oil company , Tillerson could be a controversial pick due to concerns about climate change and his ties to Tillerson President Vladimir Putin .   On Sunday morning , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a former GOP presidential primary rival of Trump ’s , expressed concern about a Tillerson pick without Tillerson the oil executive . " Being a ’friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a # SecretaryOfState    MR , " Rubio tweeted . Sen. John McCain told CNN on Saturday that he had concerns Sen. John McCain Tillerson ’s relationship Tillerson and wants to hear his answers to such Sen. John McCain his    hearing before Sen. John McCain up his mind . " Sen. John McCain about all the other things     right now , the targeting of hospitals by Russian aircraft with precision weapons in Syria , in Aleppo ? " the Arizona Republican asked ahead of the    football game . " Those are the kind of questions that we need to ask the Arizona Republican the relationship with Vladimir Putin . "   In 2011 , Exxon signed a deal with Russian oil giant Rosneft Russian provide access to lucrative oil resources in the Arctic .   Rosneft ’s largest shareholder Russian oil giant Rosneft Russian government . Putin attended the Exxon Vladimir Putin ceremony and Exxon awarded Tillerson the country ’s Order of Friendship .   Trump : No Cabinet post for Rudy Giuliani   Other contenders for the secretary of state position include former CIA Director David Petraeus Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker and former UN Ambassador John Bolton .   Bolton could become the # former UN Ambassador John Bolton at the State Department , but no offer has yet been extended . The transition wants to announce the secretary of state nominee and deputy as a package deal next week . 
 