’   ’ ’    Neil Gorsuch , the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals judge nominated    by President Donald Trump to the vacant Supreme Court seat last    week , said Wednesday Neil Gorsuch, the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals judge nominated   by President Donald Trump to the vacant Supreme Court seat last   week was " disheartened " by the president    attempting to delegitimize a federal judge . ’ "    Gorsuch made the comment during a meeting with Sen. Richard    Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat , as Gorsuch seeks Senate    confirmation . Blumenthal told reporters of Gorsuch remarks , which were confirmed to Business Insider by a    spokesperson for the Supreme Court nomination team . " ’    " He said Blumenthal specifically that they were demoralizing and    disheartening and he characterized Blumenthal very they that    way    " Blumenthal said , . " I said they were they than    disheartening and I said to him that Blumenthal has Blumenthal obligation to make    his views Blumenthal to the American people , so they understand the American people    abhorrent    unacceptable President Trump’ ’s attacks on the    judiciary are . " ’ ’    The comments in question included   where Trump called US    District Judge James Robart   —    appointed by President George W.    Bush   —    a " " judge . Robart issued District Judge James Robart   nationwide stay on    parts of Trump’ ’s controversial executive order temporarily    barring travel into the United States from seven majority Muslim    nations identified as hot spots for terror , in addition to    suspending all refugee entry . ’ ’    Trump later suggested that , should any terror attacks occur    while the stay was issued on the travel ban , the judge should be    blamed . Critics of his remarks the president the president was seeking to    undermine    independence of the judiciary . ’ "    The stay issued by Robart on parts of Trump ’s executive order is    now being reviewed by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . On    Tuesday    both the State of Washington and the Department of    Justice presented their cases before a    panel . " ’Neil Gorsuch , the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals . .. ’ 
 