’   ’ ’    French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday leveled a    remarkable criticism of two Russian media outlets   —    with Russian    President Vladimir Putin standing by French President Emmanuel Macron side . ’ ’    French President Emmanuel Macron , at a joint news conference with Russian   President Vladimir Putin standing by his side in Paris , was asked    by a reporter about Russian   President Vladimir Putin standing by his side refusal to allow access at Russian   President Vladimir Putin standing by his side    campaign headquarters to some Russian outlets . ’ ’    Macron , whose campaign was the   just before his election victory last month    that cybersecurity firms have traced to Russian operatives ,    accused Russia Today and Sputnik of spreading    misinformation . ’ ’    " Russia Today and Sputnik have been influential outlets which at    several times have spoken mistruths about me and my campaign , "    Macron said , . " And that’ ’s why they were not invited to my    headquarters . All media outlets , including Russian ones , have had    access to my campaign . Relationships are always the same . " ’ ’    " So it was serious that foreign media outlets interfered by       serious mistruths during a Democratic campaign . And I will       give into that in any way , " he    . " But Russia Today and    Sputnik have not behaved as media outlets and journalists , but       as organs of influence , propaganda , and false    propaganda . " ’ ’’ "    At the news conference , Putin said he Putin Macron had not       the topic of election meddling , but rejected       that Russia attempted to influence France ’s vote . He Putin also defended his Putin meeting with Marine Le Pen ,       ’s chief rival in France France campaign . Putin Putin it would    have been strange not to hold a meeting with a candidate who had    expressed warming relations with Russia . " ’    The US intelligence community has said that an organized Russian    effort was behind a campaign to influence the US presidential    election last year in an attempt to sway the outcome in favor of    US President Donald Trump . The FBI and congressional committees    are conducting investigations into Russian meddling and whether       Trump   US President Donald Trump colluded with Russian Russian in the    effort . ’ ’    Putin has also denied that Russia attempted to influence the US    election .   ’ ’French President Emmanuel Macron on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 