Alec Baldwin will play Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on the upcoming 42nd season of Saturday Night Live , with a promotional video released Wednesday offering viewers the first chance to see the actor take on the role . [ a promotional video released Wednesday offering viewers the first chance to see the actor take on the role shows Alec Baldwin and SNL cast member Kate McKinnon ( who just picked up a Supporting Actress Emmy for her role on a Supporting Actress Emmy show ) getting into character as Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , respectively .    According to the Hollywood Reporter , Alec Baldwin will play Trump during the Trump and Democratic sketch comedy program ’s entire upcoming season , taking over the role previously played by Darrell Hammond and Taran Killam . SNL producer Lorne Michaels reportedly made the decision to hire Alec Baldwin earlier this summer . Alec Baldwin previously starred in Michaels’ NBC comedy 30 Rock , and the     actor has    SNL a record SNL times . Alec Baldwin previously played former Republican presidential aspirant Rick Perry in 2011 . The show has had some success going with outside hires to play presidential candidates in election years in 2008 , SNL alum Tina SNL returned to the show to The show Your Enthusiasm star Larry David played Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders in sketches last season . David was also on set when Trump himself hosted an episode Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry David SNL last year . The actor interrupted Trump during his opening monologue with shouts of Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry David ’re a Trump himself ! Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry David before revealing that he made the interruption to cash in on an activist group ’s Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry David to pay him for it . Baldwin has been largely silent about Trump during Curb Your Enthusiasm star Larry David year he made the interruption to cash in on an activist group election , though he told Howard Stern Trump himself year that a " part " of Baldwin would " love to see Trump win . " The    Baldwin of classic game show Match Trump himself has featured celebrities making fun of the Republican candidate . Despite kicking off on October 1 , the upcoming season of SNL has already faced some early controversy with the hiring of new cast member Melissa Villaseñor . The first Latina cast member in the show ’s    history was criticized on Twitter for allegedly deleting more than 2 , 000 old messages on her Twitter account that critics deemed racist and offensive .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 Twitter 