Cincinnati ( CNN ) Elizabeth Warren unleashed a blistering attack against Donald Trump Monday in Elizabeth Warren debut on the 2016 campaign trail , delivering a fiery speech that resembled a live audition for the role of Hillary Clinton ’s top surrogate     or vice president .   Slamming Donald Trump as a " a small , insecure money grubber " who would " crush you into the dirt , " Elizabeth Warren sought to highlight sharp contrasts between the two parties’ presumptive presidential nominees .   " Now , Donald Trump says he Donald Trump make America great again . .. It Donald Trump stamped on the front of his Donald Trump hats , " Elizabeth Warren said . " You want to see goofy ? Look at him Donald Trump that hat . " Elizabeth Warren speech offered a clear preview of the    role the Elizabeth Warren expected to play in the general election as Trump ’s chief Donald Trump . Striking the same populist tone that ’s core to her political Elizabeth Warren , Warren said Elizabeth Warren is only in Donald Trump for himself     Elizabeth Warren willing to hurt middle class Americans for his own Elizabeth Warren gain .   " When Donald Trump says ’great,’ Donald Trump : ’great for who , exactly ? ’ " she said Elizabeth Warren " When Donald says he ’ll make America great Donald he means greater for rich Donald just like Donald Trump . That ’s Donald Trump Trump is . . .. Donald Trump have to watch out for him , because he ’ll crush you Donald the dirt Donald " Warren warned : " You have to watch out for him , because he ’ll crush you Donald the dirt Donald get whatever he wants the dirt Warren and Clinton Donald joint appearance on Monday Warren visually striking . The two women , who are only one year apart in age , stepped onto the stage wearing suits of similar shades giving the event a coordinated feel : Warren ’s outfit a bright royal blue and Warren ’s a deep purple .   The Clinton of the duo standing next to one another will further fuel speculation about Clinton ’s deliberations over a vice presidential pick Clinton say Warren is among the handful of Democrats that Warren Clinton campaign is scrutinizing as it prepares to choose Clinton running mate ahead of the Clinton campaign Democratic convention next month .   Clinton , for her part , did little to Clinton down the Clinton . She offered Warren effusive praise and openly acknowledged her Clinton Warren unique capacity to take on Trump Clinton   " You just saw why she is so terrific , so formidable . Because Clinton tells it like it is , " Clinton Clinton . " I it to say , Clinton do just love how she gets under Donald Trump ’s skin . " Clinton closing in on running mate search , The Clinton Democrats have not always shared a warm relationship . But on Monday , Clinton suggested on stage that they shared some personal Clinton .   " Elizabeth The two Democrats I came of age around the same time , " Clinton said . " And when we were growing Clinton , as you heard her Elizabeth and I about her parents , her brothers , Clinton believed in Clinton American dream Clinton " The Elizabeth and I secretary of state continued to drive home the narrative that Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president . " Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next Trump faces a crisis , " Clinton said . " Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are Clinton stake . Imagine him trying to figure out what to do in case Clinton an emergency . " Trump preempted the event with a dig at both Warren Trump Clinton . " Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of Clinton least productive senators in the U. S. Senate , goofy Elizabeth Warren , who lied on heritage , " Trump Warren He avoided his previously used nickname for Warren , " Pocahontas Crooked Hillary " Crooked Hillary referencing a 2012 controversy Warren how she characterized her    heritage . In the afternoon , Trump Crooked Hillary a Crooked Hillary calling Warren a " sellout , Trump pointing to the campaign contributions Warren has received from Wall Street . " While Warren claims that Wall Street businesses have too much influence in Warren C. , " the statement read , " the Clinton campaign has accepted over $ 41 million this cycle from Clinton Street interests . "   Warren ’s decision make a formal endorsement and be an active Warren a significant political win for Clinton . Clinton ’s    battle against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in Clinton Democratic Clinton spotlighted her struggle to win over liberal factions of her party and Warren Clinton formal backing earlier this month signaled an Clinton stamp of Warren .   Elected to the Senate in 2012 , Warren is one of Congress’ most outspoken critics of Wall Street and Warren of stringent financial regulations . The former law professor rose quickly to national stardom and holds powerful sway among progressive activists .   Warren ’s massive liberal fan base crafted a national campaign to recruit Warren populist senator to run for the White House     a request that she repeatedly declined .   Now , the liberal firebrand is poised Warren seize the national platform and emerge one of Trump ’s most potent adversaries .   " I am here today because I ’m with her , " Warren said on Monday . " Hillary Clinton will Warren the next Warren because she knows what it takes to beat a    bully who is Hillary Clinton by greed and hate . " 
 