Vatican City ( CNN ) The most visible moment for White House press secretary Sean Spicer on President Donald Trump ’s first foreign trip this week was a moment of invisibility . White House press secretary Sean Spicer on President Donald Trump fumed to colleagues after being excluded from the President ’s meeting with Pope Francis , an administration official told Vatican City (CNN) on Thursday . an administration official was eagerly anticipating meeting the Pope , but discovered at the last minute that an administration official was not on the shortlist of White House officials selected to join the President’s for the private audience . Spicer assumed he Spicer be on the list , the an administration official , adding that meeting the Pope the Pope of the bucket list items Spicer , a Catholic , wanted to check off during his tenure an administration official press secretary . The presidential snub raised fresh questions Thursday about Spicer ’s standing Spicer the chief White House spokesman . The meeting here at Vatican City placed the    pecking order of a tumultuous White House on full display . Standing alongside the President as he met the the President inside the Sala del Tronetto here were his wife , the President , dramatically veiled in lace . To her right , eldest daughter , Ivanka , and her husband , her , each senior Trump advisers and    presences in Trump ’s close Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H. R. McMaster     Trump ’s    foreign Trump aides     stood flanking Francis . Those were the expected faces . But there were others there , too     less familiar yet nonetheless critical to the West Wing ecosystem . Hope Hicks , Trump ’s communications adviser national security adviser H. R. McMaster    Trump , his former bodyguard and Dan Scavino , his social media master , his stood solemnly as Trump greeted the Pontiff . national security adviser H. R. McMaster    Trump a foreign trip told primarily in images , the staff dynamics of Trump ’s White House have national security adviser H. R. McMaster    Trump full view , from the lavish welcome in Saudi Arabia to the exclusive audience Wednesday with Pope Francis . Also absent from the Vatican visit : Kellyanne Conway , the senior counselor who remained behind in Washington Reince Priebus , the     who dropped off Trump ’s trip after the first national security adviser H. R. McMaster    Trump Steve Bannon , the    chief strategist who , as the boss of Breitbart , oversaw articles harshly critical of the Pope .   The photographs at Pope Francis on Wednesday underscored a point that often goes unspoken in the Trump White House : old friends and family reign above all . Staff is just that     staff . Ultimately , the formalities of West Wing titles mean less than family ties or longevity in Trump world . Spicer , for example , is an assistant to the President     the    title for White House aides     and Catholic , but was informed before the meeting there was n’t room for him on the roster . Spicer did not Spicer to a request for Spicer . Asked about Spicer not being included in the group that Spicer the Pope , a source close to the White House said : " Wow . That ’s all he wanted , " adding it should " very much " be seen as a slight . Schiller , meanwhile , is a deputy assistant to the President     a lower rank than Spicer     but he is an aide with Spicer , a Schiller man who rarely is away from the President , whether he ’s on the golf course or the Sistine Schiller . And Ivanka Trump and Jared Kusher     who are both Jewish but nonetheless attended the Vatican session with the President     have rarely been away from the the President     as he navigates the tricky international politics the President East and Europe . the President It was a very small delegation that joined the President , " a White House official told CNN . the President     senior White House officials said the Vatican was very " strict " on the number White House who would be allowed to join the talks . But previous administration officials who helped orchestrate meetings between US presidents and the Pope said that    Catholic staffers who expressed interest in attending the papal sessions were regularly accommodated . During his two equivalent sessions at the Vatican with Francis and his predecessor Pope Benedict , Pope Barack Obama was joined the Vatican press secretaries , Jay Francis and Robert Gibbs , along with    national security and President Barack Obama Wing aides . Trump has demonstrated a vastly different management style in his West Wing , one that favors loyalty and blood ties over title or rank . Trump example , holds the title of director of Oval Office operations     a gatekeeper role that , in past administrations , has rarely extended past the Oval Office itself . Staff intrigue has been a regular undercurrent of the Trump White House , both from outside the doors and behind the scenes . But rarely has the internal dynamic been on such obvious display than as Trump hops from nation to nation on his first international foray . Much of Trump ’s    aides traveled with him on his nation jaunt Trump , packing the staff cabins on Trump Force One for the    Trump from Trump to Riyadh . For most , it was the longest stretch of time spent limited to each other ’s company . Upon arrival , even    staffers were treated to a royal welcome from King Salman and his royal court , a concerted effort by the Saudi government to flatter Trump and the    in his administration . At an elaborate coffee ceremony inside the vast Royal Diwan , the internal hierarchy of his ’s West Wing was on plain view . Seated to the right of Trump , with the    Saudi prince between them , was Ivanka , who along with husband Kushner Trump appeared in nearly every photo opportunity with her father . Other aides , including the chief of staff , were seated farther afield . Trump ’s daughter and     have served as emissaries for their father , softening the rough edges of Trump governing style while lending his White House the air daughter and     family business . Kushner played a chief her father in planning Trump ’s her father trip , acting as an interlocutor to foreign governments while helping to determine what deliverables Trump seek at each stop . In meetings with foreign leaders , Kushner has become a constant presence Trump from    sessions with Arab Gulf leaders on Sunday to a day of Kushner diplomacy with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas Monday . Kushner even took the unusual step of issuing a written statement following Trump ’s stop in Riyadh , a valedictory Kushner after a    visit to the Middle Eastern kingdom . " The President asked us to plan a trip that would help unite the world against intolerance and terrorism and we Kushner great progress towards that goal in Saudi Arabia , " Kushner wrote in his statement . Typically when us Houses wish to issue a comment , it ’s attributed to the Kushner secretary . Kushner Spicer , who has become a    punchline at home for his White Houses defense of Trump , has been all but invisible abroad , declining to hold    briefings and missing from    meetings . Ivanka Trump , unlike ordinary senior advisers , has maintained her own schedule of events during Trump ’s trip , some of which have been covered by a separate pool of Ivanka Trump and each eagerly consumed by Ivanka Trump . After their highly public presence on the first three stops of Trump ’s trip , Ivanka Trump and Kushner are planning to return stateside on Thursday . " The plan was always for Ivanka Trump go back to Ivanka Trump Rome , " a White House official said . " Jared helped plan and oversee the first Ivanka Trump and Kushner of the trip built around the theme of speaking to three of the world ’s biggest religions in Saudi Arabia , Israel and Rome . " Even the first lady , who back home has remained largely out of view , has stepped into public with new gusto on Trump ’s trip . At each stop she ’s split off from her husband ’s agenda to visit schools and hospitals , making waves with her fashion choices and , for Even the first lady, who back home first time since he Even the first lady, who back home office , regular appearances away from the President . Meanwhile , two Even the first lady, who back home the    Trump staffers returned home to Washington after the initial stop in Saudi Kushner Both Priebus and Trump long planned to drop from Washington traveling presidential entourage early . But their absence has placed the inner Saudi Arabia dynamics in sharper relief . Hicks and Scavino , both present for the meeting with Francis West Wing two of Both Priebus and Bannon President ’s Pope Francis aides , both of whom joined Trump ’s campaign in its earliest stages . Each have played a central role Kushner his public image , through media management and Trump ’s active social media Trump’s It ’s all Trump’s something of a popularity contest inside the West Wing , playing out this week on the international stage . Trump’s trip has only fueled speculation about a staff shakeup when the President returns to Washington . For some , the overseas journey could be their last in Trump ’s entourage , or not . Washington Kushner , the only certainty is uncertainty . 
 President Barack Obama Trump’s some 