From Peggy Noonan writing at the Wall Street Journal :   Mr. Trump ’s supporters do n’t care if Mr. Trump ’s classically conservative . Doctrinal purity is not the story this year . The GOP base is a big jumble . Democrats are likely less unified than Democrats think . On the rightward and leftward edges of both parties both parties hate political correctness , illegal immigration , Wall Street . A new playbook is emerging while some contenders seem to be reading from the old playbook and wondering why the plays some contenders ’re calling are n’t working . And GOP is struggling . In Virginia the state Republican Party wants a    loyalty oath in the March 1 presidential primary . Virginia Virginia an    state —   any registered voter can vote in either primary —   but the GOP GOP to discourage independents and Democrats from voting for Mr. Trump . So they ’ve GOP voters should sign a statement of affiliation with the GOP GOP get to voters a ballot . This is so idiotic it ’s almost This . When Democrats and independents want to vote in your primary you should be happy . Politics is a game of addition ! You want headlines that say " Massive GOP Turnout . GOP You do n’t greet    voters with an oath but with cookies , ginger ale and balloons . Ronald Reagan reached out to Democrats in 1984 : " Come too , come walk with me . " We still speak of Reagan Democrats . Ronald Reagan do not understand the inability or refusal of Republican leaders to take Mr. Trump seriously . They take his Republican leaders seriously Mr. Trump   they can read Republican leaders poll —   but they think , Republican leaders Mr. Bush said , that his support is Mr. Bush about anger , angst and theatrics . That ’s part of the story , but the other , more consequential part has to do with real policy issues . The establishment refuses to see that , because to admit it is to The establishment themselves and their leadership . themselves consultants ca n’t see it because they The establishment n’t Political consultants issues matter —   not to them and certainly Political consultants to the dumb voters . Read the rest of the story at the Wall Street Journal . 
 