Washington ( CNN ) Myron Ebell had n’t met President Donald Trump until Thursday at the White House following the President ’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord . But Ebell , the head of President Donald Trump Environmental Protection Agency transition team , likely had as much influence shaping Trump President Donald Trump as any single individual . As director of the Competitive Enterprise Institute , a    policy center that was in favor of withdrawing from the Paris the Paris climate accord had direct and indirect influence that might have helped change the political and environmental direction of the US . Following news that Trump was President Donald Trump on whether or not to uphold his campaign President Donald Trump of withdrawing the US from the the US Ebell ’s CEI put Ebell TV ad with video montages of Trump promising President Donald Trump do just that during the election .   Speaking to CNN , Ebell said the point was Ebell remind the President what promises he had made to his voters the President and Ebell believes the President worked . Ebell There Ebell a large wing of people who probably identify as part of the ’basket of deplorables’ in the Trump administration and there are a bunch of people who are much more comfortable identifying as part of the swamp , " Ebell said . " So Ebell was a debate , a real debate in the White House and in the Cabinet . So we just wanted to remind the president which side he ’s on . " Ebell is proud of what Ebell relatively unknown group has been he to accomplish . But exactly who funds CEI is a mystery . A review of IRS forms shows several large individual donations , including one for more than $ 1 . 5 million , and others for hundreds of thousands of dollars each . The    is not required to identify its donors , and when asked The    CNN , Ebell declined to say where Ebell organization ’s money comes Ebell . " It ’s a small organization . The    have been very persistent . We have n’t given up . We I think we have , to a large We , finally prevailed through the actions of President Trump and his administration , " Ebell said . Ebell , Ebell not a Ebell , has emerged as one of the world ’s foremost climate deniers . A few months before the Paris pact entered its final stage in 2015 , the Paris pact wrote in a blog post that President Barack Obama ’s " Clean Power Plan " was " illegal " and lamented the gains likely to be incurred by " renewable energy producers " at the expense of coal and natural gas . Activists have called Ebell a " climate criminal , " and he has said that climate change he " phony " and a bogus " pretext for expanding government . " He suggested in an action plan he the transition that Trump rescind six    executive orders aimed at curbing climate change and regulating carbon emissions . Trump followed those suggestions after taking office . 
 