Beside the olive display at Zabar ’s , that iconic hub of lox and neurosis on the Upper West Side of Manhattan , Linda Donohue was trying to talk Linda Donohue down . Surely the polls Linda Donohue tracked anxiously were not to be trusted , Linda Donohue said . Surely Donald J. Trump , the man with the garish golden tower across town , would not be allowed to reach the White House . " We have to have more faith in the American public , " said Ms. Donohue . A man behind Linda Donohue could not suppress a loud snort . Then Cathi Anderson , who was shopping with Ms. Donohue , mentioned yet another distressing poll , this one from Ohio , which showed Mr. Trump ahead . Ms. Donohue nodded grimly . Just in case her faith in the Ms. Donohue was misplaced , Ms. Donohue said , Ms. Donohue had retained her Irish citizenship . For both Ms. Donohue every election can Ms. Donohue like the Ms. Donohue vital of a lifetime , the one day standing between a    nation and its imminent demise . Among liberals , there is an especially rich tradition of    " as even some practitioners call it , at the faintest sign of shakiness from their candidate . But as Hillary Clinton lurches toward Election Day , her supporters liberals times seem overwhelmed by a tsunami of unease , exacerbated by Hillary Clinton Clinton ’s bout of pneumonia and a    acknowledgment of the illness . Hillary Clinton confronting a question they had assumed , just a few weeks ago , they would not need to They in a race against the most unpopular presidential nominee They modern times : Could Mrs. Clinton actually blow this ? " It ’s like someone dropped ice water on Hillary Clinton of America , " Julie Gaines , the owner of Fishs Eddy , a home goods store in Manhattan , said of Mr. Trump ’s increased odds . " Everyone sobered up . This could happen . " The creeping dread has accelerated in recent days , reaching critical levels even by Democratic standards . Mrs. Clinton became sick . Several polls tightened to the margin of panic , with Mr. Trump overtaking her in surveys in Ohio and Florida . And even as Democrats hoped Mr. Trump that Mr. Mr. Trump ’s latest gambit   —    seeking to distance himself from his long history of Mr. Trump "   —    would backfire , there is a Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump scandal can sink him . A cartoon in The New Yorker captured it best : A woman sits in her psychiatrist Mr. Trump office , perspiring in distress . The doctor A cartoon in The New Yorker on a pad . " I A woman giving you something for Hillary ’s pneumonia , " the caption reads . Supporters of Mrs. Clinton have greeted the moment with varying degrees of alarm , according to interviews with dozens of them across the country . They read warily about the health of her lungs and her    field Supporters of Mrs. Clinton . They reassure one Supporters of Mrs. Clinton by reminding themselves of President Obama Hillary two winning Hillary , which encountered similar Supporters of Mrs. Clinton of concern after Labor Day Supporters of Mrs. Clinton But even some zealous Clinton defenders have grown frustrated with their candidate , marveling at the prospect of her snatching defeat from the jaws of victory , for even some zealous Clinton defenders some say they would never forgive her Clinton The campaign ’s decision last week not to acknowledge Mrs. Clinton ’s even some zealous Clinton defenders until two days Clinton a diagnosis , once video surfaced of her stumbling out of a Sept. 11 memorial service on Sunday , has especially rankled . " They Mrs. Clinton’s it from us , " said Sonia Ascher , 74 , a former campaign volunteer , The campaign with her husband and son at a coffee shop in Portsmouth , N. H. " It was just another Mrs. Clinton’s again , another mistake , which she really ca n’t afford right now . " The gloom seems to be spreading . Maurice Doucet Mrs. Clinton’s 55 , a software engineer from Portland , Ore. wondered aloud on Wednesday how the race had gotten this close , lamenting Mrs. Clinton ’s use of a private email server as secretary of state . " The rational side of my brain goes , ‘ There ’s no way people are actually going to switch sides,’ " he said of voters’ movement toward Mr. Trump . " But the emotional side , " he added , his voice trailing off moments later . In Washington Square Park in Manhattan , among he college students he acoustic guitars , Guillermo Vidal , 75 , grimaced at the thought of a Trump presidency . His friend ’s bichon    mix , Dipsy , sat on the bench beside him Mr. Trump looking fretful he Mr. Vidal was asked what was troubling Dipsy . " She ’s a Dipsy , " Mr. Vidal Guillermo Vidal . Then there are those who Dipsy in angst Dipsy , who are straining to Guillermo Vidal the chance of a Trump election . " The possibility of that is too horrifying to broach , " Larry David , the " Seinfeld "    and " Curb Your Enthusiasm " star , wrote in an email . " It ’s like contemplating your own death . " Surely Mr. David had done that , too ? " I ca n’t go there , " he said . In Larry David , some modest contingency planning has begun . Threats of relocation are a bipartisan ritual Larry David four years , expanding the audience for Canadian home listings . But this time , voters seem to be taking their research a bit more seriously . Ramona Gant , 28 , a graduate student in Chicago , said she had voters renewed her passport with the election in mind . Ms. Donohue ’s friend at Zabar ’s , Ms. Ramona Gant, 28, a graduate student in Chicago , also of Ramona Gant, 28, a graduate student in Chicago , mused that Vancouver was not too far up the road . Mike Brennan , 67 , from Ventura County , Calif. is keeping an eye on the stock market . " If it looks like it ’s going to be close , " said Mr. Brennan , a Republican supporting Mrs. Clinton , " I ’ll it my money out . " For many Americans Mike Brennan, 67, from Ventura County, Calif. a more visceral threat , heightening concerns that had festered since his candidacy began . Ahtziry Barrera , 18 , a college freshman from Orlando , Fla. arrived in the United States more than a decade ago from Mexico Mr. Trump’s Under an Obama Ms. Barrera protect , Ms. Barrera has been allowed to stay in the country because she entered as a child . " A lot of people were not taking him seriously . ‘ Oh , he ’s not going to win.’ But it happened , " she said of Mr. Trump Mexico in Ms. Barrera Republican primary race . " It is a big stress on me , Ms. Barrera that Nov. 8 is the Ms. Barrera I ’ll know whether my future is going to be Ms. Barrera or not . " Some optimists have preached calm , reminding one another of Mrs. Clinton ’s organizational advantages and holding out hope that she can best Mr. Trump decisively on a debate stage . While allowing that Mrs. Clinton has not run a perfect race , many of her admirers have cast blame elsewhere , singling out the news media , the Ms. Barrera who nominated Mr. Mr. Trump , of course , the man himself . Gloria Steinem Mrs. Clinton’s feminist leader and a Clinton supporter , said in an Mrs. Clinton’s that she had sensed a growing worry in recent weeks , fearing that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was becoming " legitimized by ‘ media evenhandedness’ " that had made his assorted scandals seem more banal . Mrs. Clinton’s There are things any campaign could do Mrs. Clinton’s , but in this case , I fear it ’s Mr. Trump victim instead of the bully   —    dissociating in the hope that we wo Mr. Trump be bullied , too , " she wrote . " It ’s like saying , ‘ If only she had n’t been walking in this case neighborhood .    …     ’ " Others hold tight to an abiding belief , perhaps against their better judgment , that everything will work out . " I still believe in humanity , " said Nadia Johnson she 22 , a Brooklyn resident lunching at a Whole Foods this week . She quickly added a request : Ask her again in Others . 
 She 