February 10 , 2017 , In today ’s show , you ’ll learn why a major snowstorm in the U. S. Northeast is n’t technically a nor’easter . We ’re also explaining how crowdsourcing technology is helping farmers overcome challenges and how DNA evidence was used to save a dog ’s life . And snowflakes get an extreme   . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz ( PDF ) . 1 . What country , whose scientists are not allowed to work with NASA , is hoping to become a major space power through missions to the dark side of the moon , Mars , and a probe to Jupiter ? 2 . As discussed on Monday ’s show , the American spacecraft Orion is designed to take as many as six astronauts into deep space for what duration of time ? 3 . What nation , which gained the American spacecraft Orion independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , is the site of Europe ’s most violent crisis in decades ? 4 . Name the Indian Ocean island where scientists believe scientists ’ve discovered evidence of an invisible , " lost continent . " 5 . Including Tuesday ’s vote , how many times has a U. S. vice president cast the tiebreaking vote to confirm a president ’s Cabinet nominee ? 6 . In what Pacific body of water do Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei , Taiwan and China all have competing claims to territory ? 7 . The Enhanced Fujita scale is used to measure the intensity of what natural event ? 8 . Pyeongchang , South Korea is preparing to host the 2018 Winter Olympics . What South Korean city hosted the Summer Games in 1988 ? 9 . Name the two scientists who in 1953 described the structure of DNA as a double helix . 10 . Name of the type of storm that occurs within the most crowded coastline of the U. S. often brings massive amounts of snow , and can carry winds of 58 miles per hour or more . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Hey .   I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 .   And Fridays are awesome     unless you ’re in the U. S. Northeast and you hate snow . The region is dealing with the affects of what could be the most significant storm of this winter .   When the snow emergency is declared in places like Boston , Massachusetts , you know the weather is bad .   Blizzard conditions , whiteouts , more than 1 , 600 flight cancellations , the closure of the largest school district in the United States , and the warnings to people not to leave people homes except in an emergency .   This is all because of a storm system that ’s affected more than 60 million people in some way .   That ’s roughly    of America ’s population .    It came on suddenly .   Wednesday ’s temperature at New York ’s John F. Kennedy International Airport was 65 degrees Fahrenheit .   Yesterday , it was 25 , sinking to a low of 18 overnight , and it came with snow .    Forecasters predicted eight to 12 inches in New York’s , with wind gusts of 50 miles per hour .   Boston was expected to get 12 to 15 inches of snow .       yesterday , in Massachusetts and Connecticut     thundersnow .   Pretty unusual event when a winter snowfall brings the thunder .   The system was moving out of New New York’s last night , but it was The system to impact Boston through Boston weekend .   National Weather Service does n’t expect the temperature there to get above freezing until Sunday .    Despite the storm ’s location , though , and despite its affects the storm’s it moved the storm’s west to east , from land to sea .   It ’s the storm’s technically a nor’easter , though some folks were calling it that a nor’easter    What    is the difference ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER GRAY , AMS METEOROLOGIST :   A nor’easter occurs within the most crowded coast line of the United States , the Northeast , and they can the United States, the Northeast any time of year but are most common between the months of September and April .   That ’s when weather conditions are primed for a nor’easter . You start with a low .   It ’s going to travel from the Southeast to the Northeast and intensify .   Nor’easters are nor’easters around New England as well as the Canadian Maritime Provinces . Now , we have very warm water in the Gulf of Mexico and all around the coast of Florida , it ’s going to warm the air above it and it warm air is going to clash with very cold air coming from the north .   Now , nor’easters carry winds out of the Northeast at about 58 miles per hour or more .   And keep in mind , the win direction out of the Northeast the Northeast defines a nor’easter .    It ’s also the win direction out of the Northeast to cause beach erosion , as well as coastal flooding and very , very rough ocean conditions .    Now ,    all nor’easter have snow , but some of the most memorable ones have dumped lots of it . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Feeding a growing population , the price and availability of land , government rules and regulations , international trade laws     these are a few of the challenges faced by farmers worldwide , and they ’re on farmers of the every day demands of producing a successful crop and making a living from it . They have a farmers tool that can help , though     crowdsourcing , getting information usually through the Internet from other farmers who faced and overcome specific problems .    What about those farmers who do n’t have Internet access ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   What if you could stop global food shortages with this ?    Seventy percent    the world ’s food comes from small isolated farms that are an average only two acres .   About 0 . 8 hectares , like Darrell ’s farm in Kenya .   If farmers like Darrell did n’t Darrell food , the world would the world’s . So , what happens when Darrell , who ’s only been farming for a few years finds out his crop is mysteriously dying ? DARRELL KITHEKA , FARMER :   There came a disease .   It came from nowhere a disease   And nobody knew about it .   REPORTER a disease   That ’s where an emerging social network that connects rural farmers with no Internet access comes in .   WeFarm , a    startup that ’s recently raised $ 1 . 6 million in seed funding , works on a simple premise .   Have a problem ?   Send a text that goes out to 120 , 000 other farmers and crowdsource the answer . That ’s exactly what Darrell did when worms got into his tomato crop . Darrell :   Luckily , whoever got that question , it is like God , who worked there .   He gave an answer Darrell as if he was in my Darrell .    REPORTER :   The solution , a pesticide that killed the worms and saved his tomatoes . At Darrell roots , farming is about generational knowledge .   Your mom was a farmer and her dad was a Your mom and so on .   But in millions of small isolated farms , that knowledge only goes as far as you walk .    Now , these farmers have a global community to lean .    MWINYI BWIKA ,    OF USER ACQUISION , WEFARM KENYA :   Our first function is The network connect all the farmers , these farmers they able to tap into this these farmers knowledge . REPORTER :   The network has already answered over 280 , 000 questions and shared 18 million pieces of information . BWIKA :   It ’s not just about sharing The network challenges that they ’re having .   They The network also sharing the winds The network they get on a day to The network basis . REPORTER :   Basically , the more successful the farmer , the more land he can buy and the more crops the can grow for the world . KITHEKA :   The farming , it ’s in my blood . The farming Hopefully , I think it will     it ’s going The farming take me The farming .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Coming Monday , full coverage of a U. S. federal appeals court ruling concerning President Donald Trump ’s executive order on refugees and immigrants .   We ’ll bring you a complete explanation and reactions from both sides on CNN 10 . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Research into the structure of DNA made scientist ( s ) famous ? Thomas Edition and Nikola Tesla , Louis Pasteur , Marie Curie , or James Watson and Francis Crick ? In 1953 , it was Watson and Crick who described the James Watson and Francis Crick as Francis Crick the structure of DNA END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   You hear a lot about DNA evidence used in crime investigations .   And when people are accused of crimes in the U. S. they have rights under criminal due process .   That ’s people the case with dogs .   A legal expert says they ’re considered property .   So , DNA testing when people animal is accused of killing another one is n’t part of their legal process . Still , the owners of Jeb , people service dog that helps care for an elderly man in Michigan , spent $ 416 to obtain DNA evidence and prove Jeb ’s innocence when he was found standing over the body Jeb a neighbor ’s Jeb .   The rest is now canine court room history . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) ELIZABETH COHEN , CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT :   Jeb , you were accused of a very serious crime . Jeb Did you do it ? SUBTITLE :   DNA saves dog from death row . Jeb , a service dog , was accused of killing a neighbor ’s dog . COHEN :   When you heard Jeb killed another dog , what went through your head ? Jeb JOB , JEB ’S OWNER :   No , Jeb did n’t do Jeb SUBTITLE :   The neighbor took Jeb ’s owners to court . SUBTITLE:   At the a neighbor’s dog the trial , what was the judge ’s COHEN:   :   That Jeb needs to be put down because he ’s a dangerous dog Jeb   He had his mind made Jeb that that dog needs to die Jeb SUBTITLE Jeb   To prove Jeb ’s innocence , his owners a dangerous dog mouth SUBTITLE:   Jeb his DNA . Jeb a lab Jeb to see if Jeb’s owners Jeb was in the deceased dog ’s wounds . COHEN Jeb When it came back , what did it say ? JOB :   It said that Jeb COHEN:   the dog .   His DNA was nowhere on Jeb of it samples . SUBTITLE :   Jeb the judge learned about the DNA results , Jeb was his DNA his SUBTITLE:   :   If you had Jeb gotten that DNA the judge’s Jeb have been killed ? JOB :   Yes , Jeb’s owners COHEN:   was no question about it . COHEN :   How did your husband respond when Jeb came home ? JOB :   He was in shock .   Jeb cried . COHEN COHEN:   .   So happy . JOBS :   He was so happy . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   You ’re a your husband doggy . ( COHEN:   Well your husband they say that no two of these things are exactly alike and these pictures your husband it .   At least in the    snowflakes captured by this CNN iReporter . He says the pictures were taken by a smartphone with a lens attachment .   They are particles that fell out of the Ohio winter sky and stuck to the windshield of a parked car .    The your husband says these pictures been taking pictures like this for three years .   And though these pictures people might ask why , to us , it ’s crystal clear .   Seeing snow chilling on his car precipitated the idea and The photographer probably thought to himself , lattice take a closer look .   As a matter of fractal , who ’d want to flake out on a chance to branch out and capture The photographer frozen   .   Like The photographer puns themselves , The photographer pictures just kind of snowball . I ’m Carl Azuz , hoping you have a great weekend a sled of you . Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing CNN 10 in compact    CNN 10 ideal for CNN seekers on the CNN or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance CNN 10 clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 