Just days before the Electoral College is slated to hold the Electoral College vote , Harvard law professor and progressive activist Larry Lessig conceded that as of today , only a " handful " of electors will likely ultimately vote against Donald Trump unless the number of electors who pledge to do so climbs above 40 . [ Lessig    a group called the Electors Trust , which is leading a    effort to stop Donald Trump from becoming president by providing legal representation to renegade electors and offering renegade electors a confidential space to air renegade electors intentions .   Speaking in an interview set to air Sunday on this reporter ’s national weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " Lessig commented on a claim Lessig made last week that 20 Republican electors are considering voting against Trump . In an interview set to air Sunday on this reporter’s national weekend talk radio program , which was recorded on Friday , Lessig Lessig other activists working to impact the Electoral College vote as claiming that the number of electors thinking about casting ballots for other politicians instead of Trump Trump be as high as 32 Republicans . Lessig Lessig that unless that the number of electors thinking about casting ballots for other politicians instead of Trump to 40 the effort is doomed to fail : " But I think that we are not going to see more than a handful who actually vote against Donald Trump that number climbs above 40 . Because I think there are many people who think it is just not worth it given especially the pretty explicit threats that have been made against the electors who exercise their constitutional prerogative . " The claim of 32 electors waffling on their votes could 32 electors be substantiated since so far only one Republican elector , Chris Suprun , has announced publicly he will vote against Trump , Trump so in a    New York Times opinion piece earlier this month . Two sources from within the Republican National Committee told Politico the RNC has been in contact with most of the GOP electors numerous times and the committee is the Republican National Committee of one elector , Suprun , who is at risk of voting against Trump . Trump candidate needs 270 votes to win the Electoral College . With Trump ’s Trump electors , 37 would need to defect during Monday ’s vote to put him below Trump majority needed to officially secure the presidency . Lessig was asked whether the entire effort was an exercise in futility given that the decision would be thrown to the    House if the Electoral College indeed the Electoral College Trump ’s presidency . The law professor said he was n’t certain the House The law professor vote for Trump the   House stated : " You Trump’s , The law professor the House there are a lot of the   House could happen . You know , people could judge the fact that he was the first president to be denied The law professor nomination of the Electoral College for reasons like the Electoral College was a vice president in 1836 who was denied . But he would be the first president as a kind of The law professor blow . And in that House , the Republicans might consider , ‘ Well the   House there another candidate?’ It would have to the Republicans among the top three    of the Electoral College . But is there another the Electoral College should nominate instead ? And that ’s why people have been talking about alternatives like [ Republican Ohio Gov. John ] Kasich . Or it could be anybody who gets the votes of the Electoral College that are in the top three . the Electoral College move might actually for the nation be incredibly important to get beyond the horrendous political partisan divide that we now find ourselves in .   That might be a good reason for them to act like we . " Last week , John Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s top political adviser who served as chairman of her [Republican Ohio Gov. John] Kasich , expressed his support for a request by ten Electoral College voters to Hillary Clinton’s an intelligence briefing on John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s top political adviser who served as chairman of her presidential campaign of foreign intervention in the presidential election .    The number of electors singing on to that request has since ballooned to fifty . On Friday , UPI cited sources saying the a request by ten Electoral College voters to receive an intelligence briefing on claims of foreign intervention in the presidential election will not receive an intelligence briefing on the matter . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 