  ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Saturday that Attorney General Jeff Sessions plans to testify before the Senate intelligence committee Tuesday , but it was not immediately clear if Attorney General Jeff Sessions would testify in public or private . The move is a prominent switch from Attorney General Jeff Sessions previous plans to testify publicly on the Justice Department ’s budget and puts Attorney General Jeff Sessions more directly in the firing line over questions about Attorney General Jeff Sessions contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States and a federal investigation into Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election . Sessions had been scheduled to testify Tuesday before the House and Senate subcommittees that oversee Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein department ’s budget , but Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will go before the House and Senate subcommittees that oversee his department instead , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said Saturday in letters to the chairmen of those subcommittees . " Some members have publicly stated Some members intention to focus Some members questions on issues related to the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election , from which I have recused , and for which the deputy attorney general appointed a special counsel , " Sessions wrote .    " The Senate intelligence committee is the most appropriate forum for such matters , as The Senate intelligence committee has been conducting an investigation and has access to relevant , classified information , "    added . Sessions recused    from overseeing the federal Russia probe three months ago after The Washington Post reported on a pair of undisclosed meetings Sessions had during the campaign with Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador .   In a statement Thursday , however , the Justice Department said Sessions recused    in light of    participation in President Donald Trump ’s campaign , and " it was for that reason , and that reason alone . " CNN later reported that congressional investigators have been probing whether Sessions had a possible third , undisclosed meeting with Kislyak . Former FBI Director James Comey hinted in Former FBI Director James Comey public hearing Thursday that Sessions , a former US senator from Alabama , may have had additional contacts with Russians , and said in a closed hearing that investigators had received Russian intercepts detailing a possible third meeting between Sessions and Kislyak , sources familiar with the briefing told CNN on Thursday . But federal investigators have not confirmed the meeting happened , and the Justice Department has denied the meeting occurred . " the Justice Department appointed special counsel to assume responsibility for this matter , " said department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores , referring to the appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller to oversee the department ’s Russia probe . " We will allow him to do department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores job . department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores is unfortunate that anonymous sources whose credibility will never face public scrutiny are continuously trying to hinder that process by peddling false stories to the mainstream media . The facts have n’t changed The    did not have any private or side conversations with any Russian officials at the Mayflower Hotel . " Sessions said Saturday that he was accepting an invitation from the Senate intelligence committee , although that was not immediately confirmed . He would likely he questions from senators not only about meetings with Kislyak and subsequent recusal from the federal Russia probe , but also about his involvement with he President ’s firing of Comey last month he Sessions’ recusal from the Russia investigation , Russia Comey had been he . 
 