When Mr. Kushner , sought the    security clearance that would give him access to some of the nation ’s most Mr. Kushner guarded secrets , he was required to disclose all encounters with foreign Mr. Kushner officials over the last seven years . But Mr. Kushner did not mention dozens of contacts with foreign leaders or officials in recent months . They include a December meeting with the Russian ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , and one with the head of a Russian    bank , Vnesheconombank , arranged at Mr. Kislyak ’s behest . The omissions , which Mr. Kushner ’s lawyer called an error , are particularly sensitive given the congressional and F. B. I. investigations into contacts between Russian officials and Trump associates . The Senate Intelligence Russian informed the White House weeks ago that , as part of its inquiry , it planned to question Mr. Kushner The Senate Intelligence Committee the meetings The Senate Intelligence Committee arranged with Mr. Mr. Kushner’s including the one with Mr. Kushner’s N. Gorkov , a graduate of Russia ’s spy school who now heads Vnesheconombank . Mr. Kushner ’s omissions were described by people with direct Mr. Kushner’s who asked for anonymity because the questionnaire is not a public people . While officials can lose access to intelligence , or worse , for failing to disclose foreign contacts , the forms are often amended to address lapses . Jamie Gorelick , Mr. Kushner ’s lawyer , said that the questionnaire was submitted prematurely Mr. Kushner’s , and that the next day the questionnaire Kushner ’s office told the F. B. I. that he would provide supplemental Mr. Kushner’s Kushner ’s aides said he was compiling that material Mr. Kushner’s Ms. Gorelick Mr. Kushner’s interviewed him . For Mr. Kushner’s , they said , he has an interim security clearance the F. B. I. Mr. Kushner’s that material Gorelick said that after learning of Mr. Kushner’s error , Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner’s aides the F. B. I. : " During the presidential campaign and transition period , I Mr. Kushner’s a     for foreign officials trying the F. B. I. . I had numerous contacts with foreign officials in this capacity .    …      I would be happy to provide additional information about these contacts . " No names were disclosed in that correspondence . Applicants for major national security positions must submit a lengthy F. B. I. questionnaire as part of a numerous contacts with foreign officials in this capacity . They are asked to list the dates and details of all contacts with representatives of foreign governments . This is not just bureaucratic paperwork . The form warns that " withholding Applicants for major national security positions misrepresenting , or falsifying information " could result in loss of access to classified information , denial of eligibility for a sensitive job and even prosecution knowingly falsifying or concealing material facts is a federal felony that may result in fines or up to five years imprisonment . Clearance holders are often allowed to amend disclosure forms and avoid punishment if omissions are deemed oversights rather than deliberate falsifications , and prosecutions are rare . Mr. Kushner is the second top White House official to have problems concerning his dealings with foreign officials . Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s first national security adviser , had his security clearance suspended and was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Mr. Kushner about the content of phone calls with the Russian ambassador during the transition . Last month , the Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump B. I. director , James B. Comey , confirmed to Congress that his agency was investigating Russia ’s interference in the election and the possibility of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . Vnesheconombank is a target of American sanctions imposed in the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey to Moscow ’s annexation of Crimea and aggression in Ukraine . It is controlled by members of President Vladimir Russia Putin ’s government , including Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev , and has been used to bail out oligarchs favored by Mr. Vnesheconombank and to fund pet projects like the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . Mr. Kushner has said he did not discuss sanctions with Mr. Gorkov , the Russian banker President Vladimir V. Putin Gorkov declined to comment on the subject of whether sanctions were discussed . 
 Mr. Kushner Mr. Gorkov 