A music video for a new song by Marilyn Manson released this week sees the rocker ripping pages out of a Bible as he stands over the lifeless body of a man resembling Donald Trump . [ " Either way tomorrow goes , the visuals are meant to create contemplation . Because it ’s obviously bigger than just tomorrow , " Marilyn Manson told the Daily Beast in an interview just hours before Election Day . " It ’s about the desperate acts of people who believe something that is preached by an unbeliever . "   Donald Trump ultimately won Tuesday night ’s Marilyn Manson Marilyn Manson released a sneak preview of the graphic video Tuesday morning . ( Warning : Graphic Content ) The the graphic video Manson Marilyn Manson on a kind of throne while tearing pages out of a Bible , and later , holding a bloody knife in his Marilyn Manson . In a flash , a man wearing a suit and a red tie   —    a     allusion to Trump   —    is seen decapitated on the ground in a pool of blood . " Cash is the poor a man wearing a suit and a red tie  —   a    allusion to Trump  —    , " the singer roars before launching into the chorus . " Right now we ’re in such a state of confusion when it comes to religion , politics , sexuality , and how they all tie together , and it ’s being turned it a circus and a sideshow —   and that ’s something that I ’ve been described as a ringleader of , " the singer told the the singer . " It seems like a time for me as an artist , the singer as an American artist , to make something that causes a new set of questions to arise that are n’t simply statements . " " SAY10 , " is the title tune from Manson ’s forthcoming 10th studio album . The     shock rocker says he has more faith that The    shock rocker music could make a The    shock rocker impact , rather than his vote . " I The    shock rocker n’t think that , as an artist , I can make as much of a difference voting as I can the commentaries I make in music on my next record , Say10 , " he said . Manson previously The    shock rocker the Daily Beast he would not vote for The    shock rocker Clinton or Trump this year . " That does n’t make me a coward or make me a failure as an American because I do n’t want to make a choice I want to be a part of not choosing on this one , " he said . " I The    shock rocker do n’t agree with either pile of sh*t that ’s on the menu . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 