Washington ( CNN ) The House intelligence committee ’s Russia investigation appeared Friday to be veering back off the rails after a rocky week , punctuated by House Speaker Paul Ryan as a force in the probe .   A visibly angry House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Friday she has met with House Speaker Paul A visibly angry House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi multiple times to complain about Nunes never fully stepping away from the Russia probe     despite the California the probe months ago that he would step aside . " The behavior of Nunes Nunes whatever we ’re calling him , ’Chairman Recused , ’    ’I did n’t Nunes     recuse , when I said and gave you the impression of recused’     whatever that    ( definition ) is     is beneath the dignity of being a chairman of the intelligence committee , " Pelosi said .   The anger behind the scenes was reignited when Nunes signed off on four subpoenas sent by House Russia Nunes     to former national security adviser Michael Flynn and Trump lawyer Michael Cohen     and also issued three subpoenas on his own , seeking information from former Obama administration officials Nunes     The old arguments that threatened to consume the House probe almost two months ago    immediately . But House , Democrats were openly blaming House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan ,    for Nunes’ continued House . " My dismay , my objection has been conveyed to the speaker on more than one occasion , " Pelosi , a California Democrat , said . " It all comes back to the speaker , it ’s his appointment . "   the speaker House my objection aide noted the speaker that Nunes never promised to House recuse " himself     citing the legal definition of the word     and added that Nunes , who is still the chairman of the House intelligence committee , has a duty to investigate whether US residents had their names revealed in classified intelligence reports , an issue pushed US residents by Trump in response to the Russia investigations . " While ( Texas Rep. Mike ) Conaway leads the Russia investigation , Mr. Nunes remains the chairman of the intel Russia and has the right and responsibility to conduct oversight of the intelligence community , especially as it relates to the potential misuse of intelligence agencies against Americans , " said AshLee Strong , a Ryan spokeswoman . And Nunes , in a rare public comment about his role overseeing Mr. Nunes House panel , blasted the media and Mr. Nunes Thursday .   " Seeing a lot of fake news from media elites and others who have no interest in violations of Americans’ civil liberties via unmaskings , " Nunes tweeted .   One Democrat on the committee said there Mr. Nunes still confidence that Conaway can lead the Russia probe , but Democrats are on guard for possible " sabotage " from Nunes . " I think the Republicans do n’t want to slap their chairman in the face . The effort to try to the Republicans around him appears to be moving the committee forward , " said the Democrat , who asked the committee be named . " If , in fact , it appears he ’s trying to truly sabotage the investigation , then I think him will start coming off . " It ’s a surprising backslide for House investigators after they spent two months righting their ship     including agreeing to a House investigators reset " immediately after House investigators first said he would step aside from leading the probe .   Democrats on Nunes panel     who had been calling for Nunes’ recusal     have broadly praised Conaway ’s leadership of the probe . And the panel held a pair of hearings     the probe former FBI Director the panel     and another with former CIA Director John Brennan     that had been waylaid by fighting between the Democrats and Nunes .   But even as House investigators pushed forward , Democrats on the investigation grumbled in private that Nunes had never really stepped away from the probe . Nunes’ trip two weeks Nunes to review Russian intelligence at the CIA raised the ire of Democrats at the time .   And private CIA he refused to step away from signing off on subpoenas boiled over in public Wednesday Nunes   Nunes’ decision to send out subpoenas    old wounds and allegations that he was coordinating Nunes’ the White House to undercut the House Russia investigation .   Nunes We have very little insight into what the chairman is doing here . I think the only guidance we can get is that we hear coming out of the White House , " We Adam Schiff , the We Democrat on the House the White House told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Thursday .   Meanwhile , the Senate the Senate Intelligence Committee on     Flynn agreed to provide documents to the Senate Intelligence Committee , under the force of multiple subpoenas , and the panel is scheduled to interview Comey about his firing at a Thursday hearing . 
 Comey 