New York ( CNN ) Political satirist Bassem Youssef , who has become known to many as " the Jon Stewart of Egypt , " is lamenting " xenophobic " rhetoric from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Speaking to CNN , Youssef slammed those who spread " propaganda " that encourages what Youssef said is the " systematic dehumanization " of refugees . " This kind of rhetoric      spreading fear and suspicion against the other     is not something new . We ’re used to it in the Middle East , " Youssef said . " You always need something to hold on to , an enemy to direct your hatred to , to cover up your incompetence and cover up your failure . " One year ago Friday , a photo of the body of     Syrian toddler Alan Kurdi went viral . Kurdi , who escaped Kobane , Syria , with his family , died and was washed ashore on a Turkish beach after a boat carrying refugees sank in the Mediterranean Sea .   The image galvanized the debate over the world ’s role in aiding Syrian refugees , and has risen to the fore of American politics , as Trump has vowed to send them back from the US to the    nation if he ’s elected president . US welcomes its 10 , 000th Syrian refugee head of schedule , Youssef , who knows firsthand what it ’s like to be an immigrant , is now diving into American politics and satirizing American democracy in " The Democracy Handbook , " a    show on Fusion , where he seeks to give Americans a Middle Eastern perspective on US politics and challenge mainstream perspectives on the Arab and Muslim world . " I ca n’t even being to express my sorrow and sadness towards those people , " Youssef said . " ( Leaving those people countries ) is not a luxury thing for their countries . This is out of necessity , out of survival . " Youssef urged Trump and those who oppose refugees " to look at those who oppose refugees " as human " and " understand those who oppose refugees " sorrow and those who oppose refugees " agony . " " It is this systematic dehumanization of the other is why we have a negative outlook on refugees , " Youssef added . A message left with Trump campaign was not immediately returned Friday afternoon . A target himself , " Tickling Giants , " a documentary that premiered at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival , chronicles Youssef ’s journey . The heart surgeon turned political satirist hosted the Egyptian TV program " " which means " The Program " in Arabic . The A target himself, "Tickling Giants," a documentary that premiered at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival, chronicles Youssef’s journey inspired by Stewart ’s " Daily Show " and both Stewart and Stewart made Youssef guest appearances on the others’ shows .   Check out : # GetPolitical   —    A CNNPolitics original series , In early 2011 , when the Arab Spring came to Egypt , thousands rallied in Tahrir Square , where protests led to the ousting of longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Youssef , a longtime critic of the Egyptian government , quickly became a thorn in the side of the Egyptian the Egyptian government His show Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government the administration of Muslim    President Mohamed Morsy , addressed social taboos and used humor to call out authorities for undemocratic practices .   " I had my share of problems under the Muslim Brotherhood regime and the regime that followed and we ended up being interrogated , jammed , taken off the air once , jammed again , taken off the air twice , the air said Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government In 2013 , Youssef was Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government of insulting Islam and Egypt and a warrant was issued for his arrest Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government He was Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government released on bail . But following intense pressure from the government , Youssef abruptly Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government the suspension of the show in June 2014 . Fearing for his own Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government and his family Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government , Youssef left Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government and moved to the Egypt States .   " Satire is very strong , especially in the face of fear and propaganda because it dissects trough their lies and nonsense , especially in the face of fear and propaganda it give people a more it view of what ’s happening , " Youssef said Youssef, a longtime critic of the Egyptian government 
 