Thursday at a rally in Kiawah , SC , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump responded to Pope Francis questioning Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump faith by saying , " a person who thinks only about building walls wherever they may be is not a Christian . "   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS , which as everyone knows , is ISIS’ ultimate trophy , I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed Donald Trump would have been president , because , it ’s true   it ’s true this would not have happened because ISIS would have been eradicated . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump added , " it ’s disgraceful . I ’m proud to be a Christian , and as president , I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened , unlike what is happening now with our current president . OK ? Believe me . No leader , very important , and this is just given out to the press two seconds ago —   no leader , especially a religious leader , should have the right to question another man ’s religion or faith . Especially when no leader, especially a religious leader feed all sorts of false information into no leader, especially a religious leader . no leader, especially a religious leader are using the Pope as a pawn , and no leader, especially a religious leader should be ashamed of no leader, especially a religious leader   —   that ’s the Mexican government . no leader, especially a religious leader should be ashamed of no leader, especially a religious leader for doing so , especially when so many lives are involved and when illegal immigration is so rampant and dangerous and bad for the United States , OK ? Period . That ’s it . OK , period . So I come to this beautiful place and I look , everything is so beautiful . The people are beautiful . Everything is nice , and I get it . The Pope just made a statement . Did The Pope say good things ? No . I do n’t think you ’re going to like it so much . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 