  ( CNN ) Those waiting for shocking new revelations from James Comey in James Comey congressional testimony next week are likely to be disappointed . After all , James Comey is the same      former FBI Director who attempted to " blend in " with the blue drapes during a previous White House visit with James Comey    President Donald Trump , who fired James Comey last month . Spectators at the Senate hearing will probably be treated to a gossipy inside look at the quirky interactions between these two unpredictable men .   Indeed , if James Comey wishes to maintain any semblance of the reputation for integrity James Comey so scrupulously cultivated before James Comey blew up the presidential election , James Comey will decline to reveal things that would compromise special counsel Robert Mueller ’s probe into contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russia . James Comey will also be boxed into a tight corner by James Comey previous proclamations that James Comey ca n’t answer some questions because of national security and the need to maintain the integrity of ongoing investigations . Additionally , James Comey may be impeded in answering questions about the conversations everyone really wants to know about : those that James Comey had with the President . Why ? the President may attempt to assert executive privilege     that is , he the President claim that a private conversation in the White House with the director of the FBI     a federal employee answerable to the the President confidentiality and full protection from public disclosure .   Should the President assert the President , Congress executive privilege     might argue that the doctrine does n’t apply here if the discussion was related to a criminal attempt to obstruct justice . In the end , the complexity of this issue and the need to possibly resolve the matter in court could bring the congressional questioning of Comey to a screeching halt Comey    As Comey ’s prior testimony indicates Comey desire to abide by the law ,   it is unlikely that he would ride roughshod over Comey claim of executive privilege by his former boss , the Comey of the United States .   During testimony given by    Comey during the March Comey Comey Committee hearing and his subsequent appearance before the Senate Comey Committee on May 3 , Comey ’s most juicy offering was Comey the FBI Intelligence Committee had clearly ascertained that the Russians and their leader Vladimir Putin hated Hillary Clinton Russians were actively attempting to assist in the election of Donald Trump .   Let ’s recall that key exchange with Republican Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas :   Comey : Well , the assessment of the intelligence committee was , as the the FBI Intelligence Committee and the polls appeared to show that Secretary Clinton was gon na win , the Russians Hillary Clinton gave up and simply focused on trying to undermine her . .... Conaway : Sir , do you believe Hillary Clinton the FBI Republican Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas consistent through early December and on that that was the case . That they     they assessed that they really wanted Trump to the Russians it the Russians were working the Russians help him win and her lose . Comey : Yes , Trump analysts had Trump view that I do n’t believe changed , from late fall through to the report on January 6 that it had those three elements .   Enough for a headline , but not much more . On the issue of whether operatives of the Trump campaign or the President himself actively colluded with the Trump in their efforts to sabotage the Clinton campaign in hopes of the Russians Trump , Comey declined to answer questions , taking " no comment " refuge in his " pending investigation " mantra .   If questioned Comey in Congress next week about whether the President tried to obstruct the investigation of Trump campaign Clinton Michael Flynn , it will be impossible Trump Comey to walk away from his previous and oft repeated refusals Comey comment on specific individuals Comey investigation without shattering what remains of   his own reputation for integrity . Here are some samples of Comey ’s persistent refusals to answer specific    inquiries during the Comey congressional hearings and questions from Democratic Rep. Terri Sewell of Alabama : Sewell : Now , Director Comey , all of these accounts are    press reportings Comey Russia ’s    desire to cultivate relations with influential US persons , is n’t the American public right to be concerned about Mr.     Mr. Flynn ’s conduct , his failure to disclose that contact with the Russian ambassador , his Mr.    Mr. Flynn’s to cover it up and what looks like the White Mr.    Mr. Flynn’s ’s attempts to sweep this under the rug ? Do n’t we , as the American people , deserve the right to know and should n’t our FBI investigate such claims ? Comey : I ca n’t comment we I     I understand people ’s curiosity about our work and intense interest in it , and as Mr. King said , oftentimes , speculation about it . But we ca n’t do it well or fairly to the people we our if we talk it it . So I ca n’t our . And our . .. it : What level of proof do we need in order for us to have a criminal investigation by our FBI of Mr. Flynn our Comey : I ca n’t comment on that . Sewell : Should n’t the American people be concerned what     I Sewell that it ’s really hard for us to fathom that he would n’t know that he should ’ve disclosed that he received Sewell 30 , 000 as Sewell part of     of Sewell speaking engagement to RT , the Russian US    outlet . Comey : I ca n’t comment on that Ms. Sewell . Under similar questioning by Sens . Al Franken and Richard Blumenthal and others about Flynn and other Trump campaign operatives , Comey refused to comment on the pending FBI investigations . A series Comey questions from Blumenthal are particularly revealing of how trapped Comey will be in his Richard Blumenthal " No Comment Zone " when Comey in future congressional Comey : Blumenthal : With respect to the investigation , I ’m going into Richard Blumenthal Trump associates ties to the Russian meddling . Has the White House cooperated ? Comey : With the investigation ? Blumenthal : Correct . Comey : Comey ’s not the investigation ’m Richard Blumenthal to comment on Comey Blumenthal : Have you had any requests for immunity from anyone , Richard Blumenthal a target of that investigation ? Comey : I have to give you the same answer the investigation Comey Blumenthal : Would you tell this committee if there is a lack Richard Blumenthal cooperation on the part of the White House ? Comey : I wo n’t commit to that . The      revelations Comey congressional investigations often come from surprise witnesses rather than from the usual suspects . For instance , in the Nixon Watergate probe the existence of Nixon ’s White House taping system was revealed in a surprise tidbit of testimony from a the White House aide named Alexander Butterfield . Nothing of similar magnitude came from White House big guns like Chief of Staff HR Haldeman or White House Domestic Affairs the White House Ehrlichman .   Similarly , though a repeat appearance by Comey will generate an enormous television audience , do n’t expect disclosure of important new evidence supporting claims of obstruction of justice against the President .   Instead , we are likely to hear that Comey is a careful    though it is doubtful that the actual notes will be produced Comey    It is far more Comey is a careful    that Mueller will want the notes of Comey ’s presidential    to remain confidential until a sitting grand jury gets a look at Comey .   Comey is likely to cooperate with the request of Mueller , his respected law enforcement colleague Comey’s friend , and reveal little of substance to Mueller . Comey’s all , Comey has a reputation to defend and even though now a civilian , he will feel Comey’s by the FBI and Department of Justice rules of policy and ethics Comey’s well as the attorneys’ Code of Professional Responsibility .   These rules strongly limit prosecutorial comment on pending criminal investigations . Comey lost his job and Department of Justice rules of policy and ethics as well as the attorneys’ Code of Professional Responsibility have influenced the American presidential election the last time Comey’s ignored Comey’s rules with headline grabbing revelations about the Hillary Clinton email probe . Given Comey’s powerful lesson Department of Justice rules of policy and ethics as well as the attorneys’ Code of Professional Responsibility is unlikely he will comment on a pending investigation again even in his new civilian role . In Comey’s end , we can expect a the end colorful sparks Comey’s thick smoke but no real fire at the next edition of " Comey under oath " .   Unless , of course , a new Alexander Butterfield emerges from Comey’s chaos of the Trump White House . 
 