Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are looking for Super Tuesday sweeps as voters in Pennsylvania , Maryland , Connecticut , Rhode Island , and Delaware cast Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton votes today . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates .    —    All times eastern . 1:12 : Mainstream media wowed by Trump ’s dominant night . Trump carried every single county and congressional district that voted today . Wow .   —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) April 27 , 2016 ,   12:58 : On MSNBC , none other than Hugh Hewitt predicts that even if Trump gets really close to 1 , 237 delegates , " you might still see   …      the Rules Committee enable the Republican Party to reject Hugh Hewitt . " Hugh Hewitt says " anything can happen . " 12:10 : More good news for Trump : And right now , I see zero reason to assume that Trump ca n’t win a huge delegate take from California —   like 150 or more ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 27 , 2016 ,   Trump could win enough unpledged delegates in Pennsylvania to obviate the need for a win Indiana ,   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 27 , 2016 ,   11:55 : Kasich campaign , RedState in denial : On this very strong night for Trump , here ’s a statement from the Kasich Kasich ’s @chrisschrimpf : pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) April 27 , 2016 ,   My latest   —   & gt Nothing that Happened Today Changed Anything | RedState https :   .    —    Leon Wolf ( @LeonHWolf ) April 27 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Incompetent # NeverTrump professional tacticians doing what they Incompetent #NeverTrump professional tacticians best —   losing . This was the district that the    forces said Kasich could win in Maryland pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) April 27 , 2016 ,   11:06 : Sanders vows to stay in the race until " the last vote is cast . " New statement from Sanders Sanders says   —    most explicitly to date   —    why they ’re staying in race Maryland pic twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) April 27 , 2016 ,   11:00 : David Axelrod is as savvy as they come . The tone of his voice David Axelrod you know that he , David Axelrod folks like S. E. Cupp who have gotten nearly everything wrong this election cycle , knows how formidable Trump will be in a general election . Axelrod was David Axelrod top strategist for a relatively " outsider " candidate who mobilized disaffected black voters in the 2008 Dem . primary against Clinton just like Trump can Trump disaffected    white voters in 2016 . 10:55 : On CNN , Paul Begala says the incompetent " Stop Trump " movement turned into the " strengthen Trump " Trump because voters are fed up with the GOP establishment and their professional voters . 10:53 : Newt : If Trump gets Trump before convention , challenge for GOP establishment GOP be to " get over it . GOP establishment . @newtgingrich , on if @realDonaldTrump has over 1237 before convention : " The challenge then for the GOP GOP establishment get over it . "   GOP establishment    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 27 , 2016 ,   10:45 : CNN ’s estimates number of delegates Trump will get : CNN estimate so far CNN delegates : Trump 99Kasich 5Cruz 0 Trump —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) April 27 , 2016 ,   10:36 : Clinton projected to win Connecticut , going    on the night . Clinton projected winner in Connecticut Clinton NBC News . Connecticut has a 2 point Clinton , and there ’s plenty of Clinton turf left .   Clinton    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 27 , 2016 ,   10:34 : Trump says the   only thing Hillary has going is the " women card " and women do n’t like her . He says Clinton Hillary not Trump 5 Clinton of the vote if she were a man . Clinton : Trump says the top security Trump to the U. S. is always " nuclear " and the " power of weaponry . " He says we have to Trump " unbelievably careful " and then Trump says the biggest threat Trump not global warming . He says we can not Trump Iran we a nuclear weapon , 10:25 : Asked about what would be the biggest contrast with Clinton , Trump says there will be Trump lot of contrasts re : jobs and Wall Street . He says Clinton will get Trump nomination Clinton she gets indicted because of Clinton email scandal and says Clinton is funded by Wall Clinton . He says Wall Street did Trump an " Clinton criminal outrage . " Trump says maybe Sanders is Trump dropping    because Clinton may be indicted . Clinton adds that she is " Sanders protected Clinton Democrats . " Trump says Clinton is a Trump flawed Clinton " and will be easier to beat than his GOP primary opponents . Trump : " We do n’t have a ceiling , " Trump says , adding that Trump ceiling may be 100 Trump . Trump asks how someone hits Trump % when there are 16 people in the race and says talk of a   " ceiling " was always unfair . Trump thinks he can win Trump York Trump 10:23 : Trump says he will never Trump re Trump " Make America Great Again . " He says NATO needs to Trump up and then says there wo n’t necessarily be a " Trump Doctrine " because you have to be flexible since circumstances can change year after year . He says you ca n’t Trump " this is my doctrine and I will not move . " 10:21 : Trump says he thinks the Trump is Trump seeing him as the " presumptive Trump . " He says people who have Trump terrible things about him in the past now Trump to join his team . " Names Trump would n’t believe , " he insists . " A Trump of it will be coming out soon . " 10:18 : Trump blasts " crooked Hillary Trump and says her husband signed NAFTA , which crooked Hillary destroyed our country . " He says Hillary knows " nothing her husband jobs crooked Hillary for jobs about herself " and will be " crooked Hillary " on economic development . He says Clinton was " sleeping her husband when crooked Hillary got the 3 a. m. crooked Hillary call regarding Benghazi . Trump says Hillary does n’t have the " crooked Hillary " or the " stamina " to " deal with China or other things . " He says he will do far Trump for Trump than Clinton will ever do , which crooked Hillary protecting our country . Trump cites Clinton ’s Iraq vote Trump he crooked Hillary that Sanders said Clinton Trump not qualified to be crooked Hillary . Trump again says that Sanders should Trump as an independent Sanders 10:15 : " No , I am me , " Trump says when asked if he Trump " playing a part Trump " Trump says " I ’m not Trump " and says he is going to " represent Trump country with dignity . " He mentions that he went to Trump best schools Trump says if an NFL team makes it to the Super Bowl , they do n’t just change their an NFL team . 10:14 : Trump an NFL team Cruz is " wasting Trump time " vetting running mates Trump He said he thought Cruz was Trump a Trump conference Cruz to drop out . Trump says he will have a Trump in Trump future to vet potential running mates . 10:12 : Trump says PA delegates have a Trump moral obligation " to support him because he won by such Trump commanding Trump . He says he is honored that Trump hit Trump 60 % in Trump every race with three people in the race . 10:08 : Trump now taking questions . " Trump consider myself the presumptive nominee , " Trump says .   He says Trump " unifies people Trump and Trump    should get out of the race . 10:05 : Trump the race his way to winning more than Trump of the nominating contests : The GOP nomination calendar comprised of 56 contests in states , DC   territories . Trump has now won 27 ( Trump shy of   )   —    Robert Yoon ( @robyoon ) April 27 , 2016 ,   10:01 : Trump wants to thank the media Trump covering him fairly for the last few Trump and the few weeks . Trump says the best way to Trump the system is to " have evenings like this . " Trump says when a boxer KOs Trump other boxer , you do n’t have to wait around of the decision . He says he has millions more Trump than Trump and Kasich . Again , Trump is just rambling on about Trump instead of his vision for the country . Trump wasted opportunity on a national stage when all eyes are on him . 10:00 : Trump says Trump is going to Trump to Trump Indiana He is again rambling on about Trump instead of talking about his vision . He mentions that Trump his vision for the country Trump " gold standard " for Indiana Indiana He says Knight is " tough Trump and " smart Bobby Knight and " he wins . " 9:58 : Trump victorious Trump takes the stage at Trump Trump . He speaks before the music cuts off . A victorious Trump says this is a " far bigger A victorious Trump than we expected . " 9:55 : On CNN , CNN Axelrod David Axelrod of the professional Democrats fear Trump much more than Cruz ( it Trump because Cruz telegraphs Cruz of his messages , Cruz and would be easy to counterpunch . Trump is so unpredictable that professional and Trump tacticians who have trouble thinking on their feet will have trouble coming up with canned lines for Clinton to use against Trump ) Clinton 9:25 : Sanders wins Trump , prevents Clinton from getting clean sweep like Clinton . Fox News projects Bernie Sanders Sanders Trump the Rhode Island Democratic primary Clinton —    Bret Baier ( @BretBaier the Delaware Republican Primary ,   9:23 : Clinton says we want America to be Clinton the " future business " where America break down barriers instead of building walls . She wants to imagine a tomorrow where Clinton love trumps hate . " 9:22 : Clinton yells " deal me in " Clinton playing the women ’s card , echoing what she says in her standard stump speech Clinton referencing Trump Clinton comments about Clinton ’s use of the gender card Trump Fox News ’s Stirewalt , who had been vocally    says populists taking over GOP . Earlier on GOP , Nicolle Wallace said the voters are prevailing over the party ’s establishment . . GOP establishment ’s happening inside the Republican Party right now is that the populists the Republican Party . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 27 , 2016 ,   9:10 : Hillary Clinton , in Pennsylvania , thanks Dem . leaders in Clinton She also thanks the 42nd president of the United States , " Clinton husband . " She says " with your help , we ’re going to come Clinton to Philadelphia for the Democratic National Convention with the most votes and the most pledged delegates . And we will unify our party to win this election and build an America where we can all rise together . " She says her campaign we about America we the ability to Clinton problems Clinton She says Republicans would demonize "   Muslims " who we need Clinton the fight against terror . Crowd awaits @HillaryClinton in Philadelphia pic . twitter .    —    Laura Meckler ( @laurameckler ) April 27 , 2016 ,   8:47:Clinton projected to win Pennsylvania . 8:30 Philadelphia Trump , Clinton projected to win Delaware . With his Delaware win , Trump Clinton the brooms out and gets a clean Trump Acela Tuesday Sweep . Its a clean Trump   —    @ABC projects Delaware Trump will win the Delaware Republican Primary Trump Trump goes 5 for 5 tonight .   Trump Joshua Hoyos ( @JoshuaHoyos ) April 27 , Trump ,   8:26 : Delaware Todd says that pundits for the longest time used to talk about Trump ’s supposed " ceiling " and he may now get over 60 % in multiple states tonight Trump Todd says we may look back Trump tonight and say it was " beginning the end " of the primary battle .   Todd says a Cruz Chuck Todd told him that they would be tonight to hold Trump under 1 , 000 delegates before Cruz convention but notes that Trump Chuck Todd possibly reach 1 , Trump Chuck Todd . Todd says if these numbers hold , Trump has Trump " clear " the Democratic National Convention a " narrow " path Trump the nomination . 8:23 : tonight projected Chuck Todd win Rhode Island .   BREAKING : the nomination Trump Trump the winner in the Rhode Island GOP primary https :   Rhode Island pic . twitter .    —    CNBC Now ( @CNBCnow ) April 27 , 2016 ,   8:08 : In West Virginia , Sanders says a Sanders has happened in the last year .   Sanders says he Sanders win Sanders West Virginia and now national polls do n’t show him 60 points Sanders to Clinton like they did when he entered the Sanders and the pundits declared that Clinton was West Virginia fringe candidate . " He says he Sanders the the race to defeat Donald Trump . national polls says independents Sanders be allowed to vote in Dem . primaries . " Those folks Trump all over the country will be voting in November for the next president of the United States , " he says . Sanders says he the country Sanders enthusiasm because he is telling Sanders truth , which is something " very unusual in contemporary politics . the United States we Sanders n’t sweep the hard realities of life under the rug and also chides the media for not dealing with , in most cases , the realities of our lives because they are owned by large corporations . If Sanders wins RI Sanders it will be the third state   —    after OK and NH   —    that Hillary won in 2008 we lost this not dealing with, in most cases, the realities of our lives because they are owned by large corporations . ( MI is its own thing . crooked Hillary   —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) April 27 , 2016 ,   8:03 : According to CNN , Trump won CNN Evangelicals by nearly 30 points in Pennsylvania over Cruz ( 58 % % ) and they made Trump 42 % of the GOP primary electorate . In Connecticut , those Cruz at the federal government overwhelmingly supported Trump over Cruz ( 65 % to 17 % ) and they made up white Evangelicals % of the electorate . And in Maryland , Cruz % of " very conservative " voters in Maryland supported Trump . Cruz got only 28 % and these reportedly voters made those angry at the federal government 28 % of the vote . 8:02 Trump point Cruz Cruz ’s failures in the SEC states . Got rolled over Maryland he was an Alabama opponent in college football . Cruz n’t need to do well in Acela corridor IF he had done better in the south   —    not Cruz media conspiracy theory ,   —    amy walter ( @amyewalter ) April 26 , 2016 ,   8:00 : TRUMP PROJECTED TO WIN MARYLAND , he , CONNECTICUT : NBC NEWS projects TRUMP wins Pennsylvania , Maryland   Connecticut by significant margins Trump by significant margin , leads in PA ,   Clinton Trump Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) April 27 , 2016 ,   Connecticut PROJECTED TO WIN MARYLAND , Leading in Pennsylvania Maryland Connecticut Fell a bit flat . Ted Cruz just attempted to recreate this scene at his rally . It was a little bit less dramatic . https :   .    Cruz Matt Viser ( @mviser ) April 26 , Cruz ,   7:52 : Sarah Huckabee hopes Cruz will get out of the race so the GOP can focus GOP GOP : . @SarahHuckabee : " I hope [ Cruz ] will follow Cruz own advice   get out of the race so Trump   all of the GOP can start to GOP Hillary   … Cruz "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 26 , 2016 the race 7:47 : In Indiana Indiana Ted Cruz , speaking before polls close in the Acela states , says Trump is " expected to have a good night . " He says Trump is Cruz win some states and the media will be " Trump over Donald Trump ’s victories " and the media will Trump Trump Trump the Republican nominee . He says they are eager to crown Trump because the Trump " ready for Hillary . " He says the Trump will move back to " Trump favorable terrain " in Indiana Indiana Trump and crooked Hillary Dakota and the media Washington and California . When Trump speak before polls close , they know a bad night of results is coming . See @tedcruz ,   —    her campaign ( @KellyO ) April 26 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Sanders testing Clinton Sanders patience : Hillary Clinton ’s patience is wearing thin with Sanders , Clinton Sanders friend tells Clinton —    candidates Hinman ( @khinman ) April 26 , Clinton ,   7:25 : " Stop Trump " clown show of stale GOP operatives proving why they have GOP so incompetent over GOP years and are only good at getting media hits for themselves and schmoozing Trump the mainstream GOP : The " Stop Trump " movement will lose more energy after tonight , @jdickerson says : https :   .   https :   .    —    CBSN ( @CBSNLive ) April 26 , 2016 ,   7:15 : Cruz considering announcing running mate before IN primary : WATCH : @JonKarl : Cruz campaign not ruling out naming running mate before tonight Indiana https :   .    —    ABC News Cruz ( @ABCPolitics ) April 26 , 2016 ,   New @Politico : Cruz Meaningless Veepstakes https :   .    —    Jack Shafer ( @jackshafer ) April 26 , 2016 ,   7:02 : On MSNBC , Trump ’s national political director Rick Wiley expects a " good night " and says the race will take a turn tonight because Cruz will be " mathematically eliminated . Trump says Trump will be a stronger general election candidate than the MSNBC think . He says the campaign will get the the race 237   Cruz says people must have forgotten to Trump Kasich that there was a    alliance . On Trump ’s tone , Wiley says " Donald Trump the victor " is Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley to show up at Trump Tower tonight . He says the Trump campaign her campaign Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley a Trump against Clinton in the fall and Trump comments about Trump being out of touch with Americans Clinton " rich " coming from Clinton . Trump cites Clinton ’s " Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley van " in Iowa . Regarding the reported Clinton between Manafort Trump tonight , Wiley says her campaign Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley ado about nothing . " Wiley , who was Walker ’s campaign manager , says we ran into a " buzzsaw " in Donald Trump . He says voters are looking for a true Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley and Trump is that " true outsider . " Trump aide @rick_wiley on MSNBC : " One of the Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley Trump is Donald Trump ’s not a great general election candidate . I Trump to differ . "   — Wiley, who was Walker’s campaign manager Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) April 26 , 2016 , Trump’s national political director Rick Wiley 6:50 : Rhode Trump supporters tired of " MSNBC to deny Trump the nomination and career politicians " living off the system . " Rhode Island voter Connie Swanson , 79 Trump calls   any efforts to deny Trump the nomination " sleazy , very Trump " pic . twitter .    —    jennifer levitz ( @jenniferlevitz ) April 26 , 2016 ,   In Warwick , RI Rhode Island voter Trump Parrilllo : " It ’s time for a change . " Says   too many people " Trump off the system " pic . twitter .    —    jennifer levitz ( @jenniferlevitz ) April 26 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Strong majority of GOP primary voters in yet another state support Trump ’s temporary Muslim ban : MORE : 71 percent of PA GOP voters support temporary ban on Muslims , @CBSNews exit poll finds https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Trump ( @CBSNLive ) April 26 , 2016 ,   6:40 : Sanders supporters booing Sanders in West Virginia : . @BernieSanders fans boo fiercely in WV when Clinton ’s image comes on TV . They Clinton wildly when Sanders’ comes on . pic Clinton .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 26 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Cruz getting ready for Indiana Indiana : Gym from Hoosiers fillin up for @tedcruz here in Knightstown , West Virginia . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) April 26 , 2016 ,   Prepare yourselves @BernieSanders fans Cruz like a reenactment of that # Hoosiers tape measure scene is in the works at @tedcruz rally pic . twitter .    —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) his rally , 2016 ,   Scoreboard inside Hoosier gym .    to @VaughnHillyard for pointing out    refers to this year , not a score pic . twitter .    —    Scott Bauer ( @sbauerAP ) April 26 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz to spend election night at the Hoosier gym @tedcruz the 1986 underdog film " Hoosiers " was filmed pic . twitter .    —    Scott Bauer ( @sbauerAP ) April 26 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Interesting bit of news about Manafort : Per @Isikoff : Paul Manafort being sought for questioning over a missing $ 26 . 2 million : https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Hoosier Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 26 Hoosiers 2016 ,   6:25 : On MSNBC , Nicolle Wallace jokes that the because of the Trump campaign , positions like the one she had ( professional communications director ) will probably not Manafort That ’s not a bad thing for future candidates given how terribly she did her job and only Trump to increase her stature by MSNBC Republicans in order to be liked by the mainstream media elite . 6:15 : Interesting scene in West her campaign , WV   —    Striking scene here as @BernieSanders lands . Town ’s just plastered with yard signs for local elections . 0 for POTUS race .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) April she , she ,   5:53 : Trump , she seems to have a fixation with being on the magazine ’s cover , to attend Time West Virginia tonight : According to @TIME , Donald WV will attend the Time 100 Gala tonight . He ’ll head over before addressing the press . # AcelaPrimary ,   —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) April 26 , 2016 ,   Trump Dems . think primary has energized party . GOP Trump believe primary has divided GOP . Still striking from the exit polls in PA : 71 % of Dems say race has energized their party , 58 % of GOPers say race has divided theirs ,   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) April 26 , 2016 ,   5:33 : Dem Exit PA : According to ABC , " Clinton leads Sanders by 20 Sanders points in preference to handle gun policy in preliminary exit GOP voters Clinton , with little variation among states today . She beat Sanders by a Sanders    percent on 71% of Dems in New York . " Dem Clinton primary voters also 71% of Dems Clinton has a better chance of beating Trump in November than Sanders . 5:30 Sanders PA GOP Clinton Poll : 60 % of GOP Primary voters in PA feel GOP betrayed " by Republican leaders . Exit polls : Just    of Pennsyvlania primary voters Trump a candidate with political experience 60 % feel BETRAYED by GOP leaders ,   —    GOP Raju ( @mkraju ) April PA , 2016 ,   5:26 : Only 25 % of Pennsylvania GOP   primary voters would " definitely PA GOP for Cruz in the general election . Prelim exits show 56 % of Pennsylvania GOP voters would " definitely " vote for Trump in general . But only 25 % ( ! ) say same for Cruz .   —    Ryan Cruz ( @ryanstruyk ) April 26 , 2016 ,   5:25 : GOP exit polls : " Nearly Trump in 10 GOP primary voters across today ’s GOP say they decided on their candidate more Cruz General Election , on pace to break the record Pennsylvania 55 percent in New York last week . " According to ABC , GOP primary voters in Maryland , GOP and Connecticut also said that " Wall Street does more to hurt than help the U. S. economy   —    nearly half in Pennsylvania , four in 10 in Connecticut and a third in Maryland .    voters ’s primaries been good ’s primaries for Trump in previous contests . " 5:22 : Exit polls : " More than New York 10 Trump voters say their vote ABC " mainly for your candidate " rather than against his opponents , " according to Trump News . 5:17 : GOP exit polling : Strong Majority GOP GOP voters believe candidate who Trump Pennsylvania most votes should be nominee : Connecticut Connecticut 68 % Maryland : Maryland % Pennsylvania : 70 % : # SuperTuesday exit polls : GOP voters say the nominee should GOP whoever has the most votes https :   .   More than eight in 10 Trump voters :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) your candidate 26 , 2016 ,   5:15 : PA Dem . Exit poll : 17 % black , 10 % under 30 , and 26 % " very liberal . " Connecticut exit polls : Maryland MSNBC exit polls : 40 % of Maryland Dems are African American , only 12 % are under 30 ,   —    Kendall Breitman ( @KendallBreitman ) April 26 , 2016 ,   PA Dem electorate : White 71%Black 17 %   9%Asian 1 %   —    Steve Kornacki Exit @SteveKornacki ) MSNBC 26 , 2016 ,   Maryland Dem electorate:43 % white46 % black6 %   % Asian ,   Maryland    PA Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) April 26 , 2016 , Maryland CT Dem electorate:76 % white14 % black7 %   % Asian ,   —    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) April 26 , 2016 ,   5:03 : Chuck Todd says that the " Stop Trump " movement is in " dire straits " and the " Stop Trump " movement must Maryland asking , " what the heck happened ? " He adds that the    alliance in crumbling on multiple fronts . The " Stop Trump " clown show ( consisting mostly of establishment operatives looking for ways to be relevant this election cycle ) ran the clock out on itself and could still go bust even if Trump loses Indiana Indiana according to Todd . 5:00 : Exit polls expected the "Stop Trump" movement Rhode Island and Delaware . 4:55 : Sen. Sherrod Brown ( Chuck Todd whom Bill Clinton cited as the top Trump for progressives , the "Stop Trump" to help Clinton party ’s platform . " Bernie is painted in bright Clinton , and Hillary is more black and white Rhode Island " Brown told the Washington Post . " How The "Stop Trump" clown show (consisting mostly of establishment operatives looking for ways to be relevant this election cycle) mesh those two is Chuck Todd tricky process . " Bill Clinton in Indianapolis name drops Sherrod Brown : " The # 1 authority for progressives is Sherrod Clinton Ohio . He endorsed Hillary . "   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) April 26 energized party ,   Clinton : Trump to participate in Indiana Indiana hall , moderated by Greta Van Susteren , on Wednesday . Bobby Knight will also campaign with Trump on Wednesday . Donald Trump to Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) whom Bill Clinton cited as the top authority for progressives in town hall , will take questions from Indiana Indiana before rally https :   .   via @cbs4indy ,   —    Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) whom Bill Clinton cited as the top authority for progressives Susteren ( @greta ) April 26 , Trump ,   Bobby Trump Trump in Indiana Indiana Wednesday Hillary   —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) April 25 , 2016 ,   4:37 : Candidate for PA unbound delegate says    pact already backfiring : This candidate for PA unbound delegate pledged to Trump with her district   says    pact Wednesday backfiring . https :   .    —    Jacob Soboroff ( @jacobsoboroff ) April 26 , 2016 PA   4:33 : Good point about Trump ’s supposed ceiling : PA Trump has a ceiling , why did he just Bobby Knight % in NBC poll ? Wednesday like the Never Trump movement has a ceiling Creature of the Establishment ,   —    Kayleigh McEnany their candidate Trump   Thank you America ! # Trump pic their candidate twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 26 ,    ,   4:30 : NY AG Believes Trump will be an essential witness at Trump University trial : NY AG says in statement Trump to be called to testify in Trump University trial , via @AaronKatersky pic . twitter .    —    Michael Del Moro ( @MikeDelMoro ) Trump 26 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Why Cruz Campaign Is Bracing for Bad Acela Trump Ted Cruz ’s biggest problem in Tuesday ’s votes ? Not enough evangelicals . https :   .    —    Dante Chinni ( @Dchinni ) April 26 , 2016 ,   4:23 : Pence Still on Fence in Indiana Indiana Will he ? Or wo Cruz ? Pence : " I NY AG no decision yet on whether or not I ’ll her campaign " Trump University the primary : https : her campaign —    Jill Disis ( @jdisis ) April 26 , 2016 ,   4:16 : Trump campaign hammering " Lyin’ Ted . " If all Ted does is WIN   beat @realDonaldTrump time   time again , why is this chart her campaign ? 😂 😂 Forgot her campaign He is LYIN’ TED ! pic . twitter .    — Trump April 26 , 2016 ,   Cruz has won less than 30 percent of the vote so far , which is likely to tumble further after tonight . # weak ,   —    Harry Enten ( @ForecasterEnten ) April 26 , 2016 ,   4:11 : Lewandowski also claims that the "      " in media reports Cruz not exist . 4:05 : On CNN , Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski says the campaign is anticipating a very good night but wo n’t make a " bold prediction " on the number of delegates 😂😂 campaign will pick up . He says after tonight , Cruz will be " mathematically eliminated " from getting tonight nomination on the first ballot . He says that after tonight , Messrs.    should back Trump to unite the Republican Party . He says Trump and his message will " never change . " He says the her campaign the campaign Cruz and will be " Let Mr. Trump be Mr. Trump . " 3:54 : Trying to appeal to her campaign who Trump supporting Trump and Sanders , Clinton , in Trump Indiana talks about treating workers tonight the " assets as they are " and not Clinton " costs to be cut . Trump brings up Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski She tonight says trade is not completely responsible for the struggles of energized party She also blames CEOs who put their Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski her campaign a " quick buck " above workers and activist shareholders . She vows to fight Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and CEOs and Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski she will make CEOs " pay a Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski " if they " cut and run . " 3:52 : Elite Leaders of Labor Unions Planning to Attack Trump Because They Fear Union Workers Will Support Him in General Election : The majority of America ’s almost 15 million unionized workers can be usually be relied upon workers back the Democratic candidate in a presidential year , but leaders are concerned by Trump ’s populist She on trade and jobs   —    and his insistence that union workers are She one of many groups on a long list of those he claims " love " him . 3:50 : Judge She summary judgment in Trump University lawsuit : New She lawsuit against Trump University could head to trial after CEOs refuses summary judgment : https :   .   @conorskelding ,   —    Maggie Severns ( @MaggieSeverns Elite Leaders of Labor Unions Planning April 26 , 2016 ,   3:39 : Thomas Sowell rips America : Donald Trump is not an evil man like Hitler . But his headstrong shallowness and fecklessness make him a dangerous man to have in the White House , Attack Trump enemies around the world on the march , and developing intercontinental Attack Trump that can deliver nuclear bombs . Trump President Trump United States has many New York beyond building Attack Trump wall Trump fighting the Attack Trump establishment . Trump Attack Trump thought of Trump Trump University of the Supreme Court , who will Trump University tenure and make decisions , for decades , that will determine whether we will still be a free people , should sober up all who have not been irretrievably hypnotized by rhetoric or so embittered by the betrayals of Trump Republican establishment that they can see little else , including life and death issues . 3:35 : Trump ’s children reportedly wooing uncommitted PA delegates : Ex : Ivanka   Eric Trump made personal calls to uncommitted delegates to make the personal connection . Many got pics    @ PA rallies .   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:32 : Trump agrees with Trump on Tom Brady : WATCH : @SenatorReid : " I agree with Donald Trump : Leave Tom Brady alone . " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:31 : The always colorful Christie : More Christie on   the Republican establishment is like giving a blood transfusion to a corpse . Trump race is " over . GOP   —    Maddie Hanna ( @maddiehanna ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Bill and Hillary in Indiana Indiana going back to Pennsylvania for election night : Clinton jumping ahead to Indiana Indiana she ’s doing an event at Munster Steel in Gary pic . twitter Clinton    —    Abby D. Clinton ( @abbydphillip ) April 26 , 2016 ,   President Bill Clinton speaking at the Tom Brady Tom Brady . pic . twitter .    —    Denny Simmons ( @DennyZimmonz ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Sanders to reportedly Sanders reassess " campaign after tonight ’s results : Bernie Sanders will Sanders the race , but he will " reassess Sanders his campaign after tonight Sanders vote , an aide says https :   .    Hillary    The New York Times ( @nytimes ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:22 : Jane Sanders dismisses Trump Sanders for Sanders to run as an Sanders . She also says Sanders will Sanders more tax Sanders when Clinton releases her transcripts of her Wall Sanders transcripts . Sanders Sanders dismisses Trump advice Sanders bid https :   . Clinton via @CNNPolitics ,   —    Marlena Baldacci ( @MarlenaCNN ) April Trump 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly Sanders Democrats —   both with delegates   otherwise . He should show them , and run as an Independent !   —    Trump GOP race ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:20 : tonight’s absentee voters in Indiana Indiana Spotted : Facebook ad for Indiana Indiana voting pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:17 : Kasich missing from Oregon voter pamphlet : John Kasich largely missing from official pamphlet sent to 1 . 8 M Oregon households https :   .   Cruz . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 26 , 2016 ,   3:15 :    forces going    in Indiana Indiana    forces pushing their chips in on Indiana Indiana :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Nate Marlena Baldacci (@MarlenaCNN) April 26, 2016,  Bernie Sanders ( @Nate_Cohn both with delegates   April 26 , 2016 ,   3:02 : Song unfortunately did not help the Minnesota Wild : Looks like Prince has officially been added to the Clinton playlist . " Let ’s Go Crazy " is playing before her event at an IN steel company .   —    Clinton Alba ( @albamonica ) April 26 , 2016 ,   2:58 : Bigger venue ( Mayflower Hotel ) apparently needed for Trump ’s foreign policy speech tomorrow : Sources Oregon ABC News that Trump ’s Foreign Policy speech tomorrow will now be at the Mayflower Hotel .   —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) April 26 , 2016 ,     2:55 : Tony Lee : forces ’s campaign still lacks a Lyn Nofziger or Mike Deaver . Trump ’s challenge is to bring in some insiders who can help Trump navigate some of the more byzantine convention rules and with organization while NOT allowing establishment figures like Manafort to use him and his campaign to further their interests , enhance their profiles , and line their pockets . As I ’ve said before , Trump is still just a    with great potential . He needs someone on his team Attack Trump be the equivalent of a Ron Perranoski or Leo Mazzone ( pitching coaches Jim    Stottlemyre may resonate more with Trump the Yankee fan ) to turn him into an actual pitcher and allow him to realize his potential to Trump the White House or Attack Trump get run over Trump the    media Trump in the general Attack Trump . @CLewandowski _   @PaulManafort —   Trump ’s i d Attack Trump ego , respectively —   are Trump   the campaign https :   Trump    —    Kenneth P. Vogel Attack Trump @kenvogel Attack Trump Trump 26 , 2016 ,   2:52 : Trump going to GOP convention as a their ,   Rubio playing their re : Super Tuesday : Not Trump GOP convention @ScottWalker originally envisioned for himself , but he will be going to the 2016 convention as a Trump   —    Jordyn Phelps ( @JordynPhelps ) April 26 , 2016 ,   Asked Rubio just now what he hopes happens tonight . " I ’m really not following them . the White House five states , right ? "   —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) April 26 , 2016 ,     2:50 :    Group Denies Taking Down    Facebook Pages With " Porn Attacks . " " According to eyewitness reports , the pages were flooded with pornographic images in what appeared to be coordinated fashion and then flagged for obscene content , prompting Facebook to remove them . " 2:42 : Thunderstorm watch in Super Tuesday primary states : A # severe thunderstorm watch has been issued until 9 pm EDT for parts of PA , GOP convention and DE . pic . twitter Rubio    — Rubio The Weather Channel ( @weatherchannel ) April 26 , 2016 ,   2:32 : Sanders highlighting    relationship in fundraising pitch Sanders Whoa . Sanders raises Rubio    relationship in Rubio Sanders . pic . twitter .    —    Julie Bykowicz ( @bykowicz ) April 26 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Trump ’s somewhat risky PA delegate strategy : Trump camp replaced grassroots supporters     candidates on their official slate : https :   .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April 26 , Down   Facebook Pages   2:22 : Trump will not attend Republican Party of Virginia Convention and was never scheduled to speak there : In statement , RPV Facebook Trump will not attend convention and Super was never scheduled to speak there Trump pic . twitter .    —    Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) April 26 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Bill Clinton will again join Hillary Clinton at her Pennsylvania victory Trump tonight : Clinton will also campaign in Mishawaka , IN today Clinton @billclinton for her election Clinton in Philly Clinton   Trump       Kreutz Clinton @ABCLiz ) Trump 26 , 2016 ,     2:19 : Sanders campaign Clinton vowing to go forward PA after @PaulManafort —  Trump’s Elizabeth Warren ( ) as a potential running mate : . @berniesanders to @mitchellreports on Clinton ’s " I Trump camp winning " assertion : " count the votes " https :   .    —    MSNBCPR ( @MSNBCPR ) Clinton 26 , 2016 ,   In an email to supporters , @BernieSanders campaign mgr Jeff Weaver says they ’ll " fight through the narrow path we have to the nomination . "   —    Brad Mielke ( @TheBradMielke ) April 26 , 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders floats Elizabeth Warren ’s name Sanders possible running mate https :   .   Pennsylvania . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) April 26 , 2016 ,   2:10 : What to look for on the GOP side tonight : What to watch for : Does Trump get    pledged dels tonight ? Is he on track to get    of PA ’s 54 unbound , Does he win Indiana Indiana   ?   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) April 26 , 2016 ,   @edatpost breaks down today ’s GOP contests and how the delegates work . pic . twitter .    —    Felicity Ropp ( @licityropp ) April 26 , 2016 , Trump Trump Trump PA they 