Iraqi Christians   —    including a Catholic priest , a Kurdish soldier and a young girl   —    shared Iraqi Christians  —   including a Catholic priest, a Kurdish soldier and a young girl  —    outrage at President Barack Obama and Iraqi Christians  —   including a Catholic priest, a Kurdish soldier and a young girl  —    hope that Donald J. Trump wins the 2016 presidential election in a short video posted on the Emtedaad    Facebook page from Qaraqosh , a town outside of Mosul recently liberated by the Iraqi Army . [   The priest opens the video standing in The priest black shirt and Roman collar with two large rosary beads hanging next to The priest . " The suffering of the Iraqi people is a result of the wars and terrible decisions made by our political leaders in Iraq that have resulted in catastrophes for our nation and , in particular , the Christian minority , " The priest said . " The US government led by President Obama could have protected us   —    or at least helped us to protect us , " The priest said . " But unfortunately President Obama abandoned us , and chose not to get involved . " A young girl wearing a crucifix makes a crucifix even more direct : " us hope this new guy called Trump will help us more than President Obama did . " The images in the video are jarring . Children play with a ball in the midst of the rubble that was once a bustling Qaraqosh , Iraq ’s largest Christian city with 50 , 000 inhabitants before it fell to the Army of the Islamic State in the spring of 2014 . The Iraqi cities of Fallujah and Ramadi fell to the Islamic State in January 2014 .    A man in the village also said he hopes A man in the village Trump will bring a different approach to Iraqi Christians : " Obama has never helped the Christians Iraqi Christians fact , he despises A man in the village . In Iraqi Christians last 26 months , he has A man in the village he despises A man in the village of them . But Iraqi Christians have hope in the new president , Trump . Trump The young Kurdish soldier is seen standing on a ridge with a    behind him . " The young Kurdish soldier are here we this area that includes Qaraqosh and Bartila , where Daesh fighters roamed , " he said . The young Kurdish soldier is the Iraqi name for the Islamic State . " As you can see , they destroyed these you can see behind me , " The young Kurdish soldier soldier said The young Kurdish soldier They burned and destroyed you can see church . Daesh fighters were a Daesh fighters vandals , " he said . " The young Kurdish soldier by the time we got here , they had already burned the you can see , displaced the the church , and destroyed their houses   —    these houses remain without shelter . We thank God that we were able help we take back their we you can see " The you can see harrowing images in the video show the    shell of the massive Church of the Immaculate Conception . The video shows another priest walking through the the video the church holding a crucifix in front of him , and then standing in the church ’s another priest , chanting prayers in Aramaic , an ancient Semitic language believed to be the language spoken by Jesus and his disciples . Sunday , the first Catholic Mass Jesus more than two years was celebrated in the church . 
 the church’s 