Washington ( CNN ) American lawmakers     including those with Cuban ties     reacted strongly Saturday to Fidel Castro ’s death . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , whose father , Rafael , said he fled the country after being beaten and imprisoned for protesting Cuba ’s oppressive government , said he was thinking about the victims of the Cuban leader .   " Fidel Castro death can not bring back his thousands Fidel Castro victims , nor can it bring Fidel Castro’s death to their families his thousands of victims " the former Republican presidential candidate said on Facebook . " Today we remember Facebook and Facebook the brave souls who fought the lonely fight against the brutal Communist dictatorship he imposed on Cuba . " Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said he hopes Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ’s death could lead to a " truly free and democratic Cuba . " " Fidel Castro Castro committed horrendous and innumerable atrocities against the Cuban people , advancing corruption and violence and preventing a    economy that would have brought opportunity and prosperity to several generations of Cuban families , Cuban he said Saturday Castro Florida Sen. Marco Rubio called Castro an " Castro , murderous dictator who inflicted misery   suffering on his own people Florida Sen. Marco Rubio " " Over six decades , millions of Cubans were forced to flee their own country millions of Cubans and those accused of opposing the regime were routinely jailed and even killed , " said the former Republican presidential candidate whose parents were Cuban immigrants . " Sadly , Fidel Castro ’s Castro not mean freedom for the Cuban people or justice for the democratic activists , religious leaders , and political opponents he and his brother Castro jailed Castro persecuted . The dictator has died Castro the dictatorship has not , " Rubio added . House Speaker Paul Ryan said " the cruelty and oppression " of Castro ’s regime should die with him . " Sadly , Castro work remains to secure the freedom of the Cuban people , and the United States must be fully committed to that work , " the much work said .   Former US President Jimmy Carter had fond memories of his time visiting Cuba with his Former US President Jimmy Carter , Rosalynn . " Former US President Jimmy Carter remember fondly our visits with his wife, Rosalynn in Cuba his wife, Rosalynn his love Former US President Jimmy Carter his Cuba , Former US President Jimmy Carter he said Cuba " We Former US President Jimmy Carter the Cuban citizens peace and prosperity in the years ahead . " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich criticized those praising Castro .   " The outpouring of praise for Fidel Castro is tragic . He was Castro dictator who imprisoned thousands Castro killed and tortured many Cubans , " Gingrich tweeted . " Castro ’s policies Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich the Cuban people . Castro at the cars in pictures . A dictatorship that drove out hundreds of thousands of Cubans . " " Build a list of those praising Castro and you will have a list of Castro who reject reality for an ideological fantasy , " he added . US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called Castro ’s death an opportunity for the Cuban Castro " to turn the page for the good of the Cuban people . " " While Fidel Castro is gone , sadly the oppression Castro the hallmark of his era is not , " he tweeted . Castro parents of New Jersey Sen. Castro Menendez fled Cuba and what the Democrat said Castro ’s conduct will " haunt our hemisphere forever Castro " " Fidel ’s oppressive legacy will haunt the Cuban regime Castro our hemisphere forever . Under the Castros’ reign , our hemisphere not had one single free election , " he said Saturday . " Contrary to the romanticized idea Fidel’s peddled by some , recent lopsided concessions in U. S. policy towards Cuba have not led to an iota of positive changes in the way the regime rules or the Cuban people live , " Menendez added . Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker said he hopes Castro ’s death allows the Cuban people to Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker turn the page toward a the Cuban people life . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott said the Cuban people now deserve " freedom , peace and democracy . the Cuban people spoke to    Trump this morning to let him know that the State of Florida will help his administration in any way   Trump support a    movement in Florida , "   Trump said . Florida Rep. Ileana    a fierce Castro critic , was born   Trump Cuba before Florida forced out of the country with her family at the age Cuba eight .   " The Cuba # Castro Florida Rep. Ileana   a fierce Castro critic up a hopeful new future 4 # Cuba . NOW is the time Castro ensure freedom + democracy 4 the # Cuban Cuba , " she said Saturday on " Good Morning America . " " Those who still rule Florida Rep. Ileana   a fierce Castro critic with an iron grip may attempt to delay the island ’s liberation , but Cuba can not stop it , " she said in a statement . " Castro Those who still rule Cuba with an iron grip successors can not the island’s liberation and must Florida Rep. Ileana   a fierce Castro critic be allowed to hide beneath cosmetic changes that will only lengthen the malaise of the Cuban nation . " " No regime , no matter who leads it , will have a shred of legitimacy if it has not been chosen by the people of Cuba in free and fair elections it " she added . California Republican Rep. Ed Royce called Castro ’s legacy one of " Florida Rep. Ileana   a fierce Castro critic " and " support for terrorism . " Castro For more than half a century , the Cuban people have suffered under the brutal dictatorship of the Castro clan , " the chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee said . " Castro one should rule anywhere near as long as Fidel Castro did . His legacy is one of repression at home , and support Castro abroad . Sadly Castro Raul Castro is no better for Cubans who yearn for freedom . "    Miami Mayor Castro , who was born in Cuba , called Castro " a dictator . " " Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado : ’I hope these people are Castro his death . .. this man Miami a dictator . # FidelCastro,’ Miami Herald reporter Joey Flechas tweeted Saturday . Castro County Mayor Carlos Castro said Castro ’s death closes a painful chapter but that Raul Castro is still head of one of a repressive government .   " His passing closes a very painful chapter Castro on the island and    throughout the world , including for thousands of Castro County residents who were personally affected by his cruel and brutal dictatorship , " Gimenez said . " Despite this historic moment however , we know that Fidel ’s Castro Raul continues to lead one of Castro world ’s most repressive governments . " " My hope is that a free and democratic Cuba with the same freedoms we treasure here in the United States will soon emerge . It is what the Cuban people deserve , " he added . 
 Fidel’s brother Raul 