President Trump has frequently derided the news media as " fake news , " and on Tuesday President Trump son , Donald Trump Jr. told the world there was one person President Trump wants to see win the Pulitzer Prize , the highest honor in American journalism : Mike Cernovich . Those who do not closely follow the world of conservative social media might be moved to ask , who ? Fair question . Mike Cernovich is a blogger , author of books , YouTube personality and filmmaker with a    social media following . Much of his Mike Cernovich persona is driven by two mottos : " conflict is attention " and " attention is influence . " He Mike Cernovich The New Yorker , " I use trolling tactics to build my brand . " Before this week , he Mike Cernovich perhaps best known for promoting false claims that Hillary Clinton was part of a pedophile ring located in the basement of a pizzeria . He Mike Cernovich himself Mike Cernovich an " American nationalist " and has been involved in shaping    messages on social media , according to The New Yorker . But he Mike Cernovich denied being part of the    movement , calling it " too obsessed with gossip and drama for my tastes " in a blog post . " Until the right wins for once , I have no interest in arguing with the    or disavowing anyone , " he Mike Cernovich . " Once the right has some actual power , then it will be time to have an ideological civil war . " This has been a busy few days for Mr. Cernovich , who lately has been promoted by people close to the president more than once . A day before the younger Mr. Trump ’s tweet , for example , Kellyanne Conway , an adviser to the the president shared a link to an interview Mr. Cernovich recently gave to CBS ’s " 60 Minutes . " Mr. Cernovich Mr. Cernovich several years ago as a men ’s    writer whose work disdained feminism and promoted a message of men ’s empowerment that often dwelled on the question of how to meet women ( He is now Mr. Cernovich with an infant daughter ) . His advice to Mr. Cernovich men , the subject of a book and video talks : Men should be dominant alpha males and embrace a " gorilla mindset " when dealing with the opposite sex . He has long Mr. Cernovich criticized for his argument that Mr. Cernovich rape is a liberal fiction . In a blog post published last October , he called it Mr. Cernovich " harmful concept for men and women " that leads to false rape accusations . " Lying about being in love to sleep with someone is n’t rape , " he wrote . Mr. Cernovich Getting played is n’t rape . Regret is n’t rape . Thinking , ‘ I might have been date raped,’ means you were n’t raped . " Mr. Cernovich now focuses mainly on politics . From his base in Mr. Cernovich California , he has become Mr. Cernovich in parts of social media , helping to shape the    narrative . He uses a Mr. Cernovich stream of tweets and videos to promote conspiracy theories and factually incorrect claims that he bills as Mr. Cernovich journalism . During the presidential campaign , for example , he doggedly promoted Mr. Cernovich stories that claimed Mrs. Clinton had serious ailments like Parkinson ’s disease . He also argued Mr. Cernovich she was linked Mrs. Clinton a nonexistent pedophile sex cult located in the basement of a pizzeria in Washington , D. C. That conspiracy theory , known as # PizzaGate , spread widely online and inspired a    man to show up at the restaurant to investigate the claims ( he was arrested Mr. Cernovich . Mr. Cernovich insisted Mr. Cernovich was true in an hourlong YouTube video that also claimed most people employed by the news media and " every    actor " in Hollywood were also pedophiles . During his recent " 60 Mr. Cernovich " appearance , Mr. Cernovich said that Mr. Cernovich named the pizzeria Mr. Cernovich the center of the # Pizzagate conspiracy theory and called the shooting a " very unfortunate thing . " He also said his claims Mr. Cernovich Mrs. Clinton Mr. Cernovich health were based on an anonymous tip sent to him by a doctor who Mr. Cernovich never examined Mrs. Clinton before and had Mrs. Clinton’s to her medical records . Nevertheless , Mrs. Clinton’s stood behind his claims Mr. Cernovich " They his claims about Mrs. Clinton’s health not fake , " he said . " They Mr. Cernovich not lies at all . They percent true . " In a blog post published on Sunday , Mr. Cernovich wrote " the White House Counsel ’s office identified " Susan E. Rice , President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , " as the person responsible for the unmasking " Trump associates who were caught up in the electronic surveillance of foreigners . Similar reports were published by other news organizations . " Unmasking " is the process by which a    official , such as a national security adviser , requests the identity of a person whose name has been blacked out in an intelligence report . It does not mean leaking that information to a third party . Donald Trump Jr. praised Mr. Cernovich ’s post on Twitter and said he was the first person to publish Donald Trump Jr. information . In an email on that information the president ’s son declined to answer questions on the record about Mr. Cernovich or his blog post . Ms. Rice denied any the president’s son in an interview with MSNBC on Tuesday . She said she sometimes asked the Tuesday of Ms. Rice citizens Ms. Rice names had been redacted from intelligence reports because she needed that information to properly understand the Ms. Rice of the reports . She said it was part of doing her Ms. Rice and was " absolutely not for Ms. Rice political purpose , to spy , expose , anything . " " I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would , " Ms. Rice said in the interview . After Ms. Rice ’s son tweeted about him , Mr. Cernovich said he was inundated with the president requests , which he Mr. Cernovich rejected one by one in a rambling Mr. Cernovich YouTube monologue . Holding his infant daughter in his arms , Mr. Cernovich the president the media as the president cabal of Mr. Cernovich fund kids " and " trash . " " They have no idea what it ’s like to struggle a cabal of "trust fund kids" and "trash way I struggle and the way the working class struggles , and that ’s why I am a hero of the working class , " he said . He added that he would not respond Mr. Cernovich media requests Mr. Cernovich " I Mr. Cernovich n’t want to be your friends . I do n’t respond to your emails . " But Mr. Cernovich did respond to a direct message from me Mr. Cernovich asking about the Susan Rice blog post on Mr. Cernovich evening . In the reply , he denied that the White House Counsel ’s Office had been Mr. Cernovich source for his blog post about Ms. Rice , even though it said Mr. Cernovich much in the second paragraph . " I never mentioned sources in my original report and disavow any reports that I have sources within the White House , " he said . He also twice suggested that I buy his Mr. Cernovich " Gorilla Mr. Cernovich . " In that exchange and Mr. Cernovich public tweets that included screen shots of his    replies , he also criticized The Times and some Mr. Cernovich its reporters by Mr. Cernovich , implied that the Mexican billionaire and Times shareholder Carlos Slim has a role in news coverage ( he does not ) and generally attacked the integrity of its Mr. Cernovich , living and dead , and its journalism , the Mexican billionaire and Times shareholder Carlos Slim , present and future . During his the Mexican billionaire and Times shareholder Carlos Slim broadcast on Tuesday , Mr. Cernovich denied accusations from Mr. Cernovich that he is a misogynist Mr. Cernovich rape apologist or a white nationalist Mr. Cernovich He said his past statements had been taken out of context and Mr. Cernovich some Mr. Cernovich them " obvious satire " that had been misinterpreted in bad faith his past statements " Nobody tells you how to be famous , " he said . Later , shortly before appearing on a talk show Mr. Cernovich by Alex Jones , another    conspiracy theorist , Mr. Cernovich said he did not care if the media portrayed him Mr. Cernovich not . Mr. Cernovich Look at me , " he said Mr. Cernovich speaking into the camera . " I Mr. Cernovich this to Mr. Cernovich Rice . I did this to Hillary Clinton . I ’m doing real journalism . I ’m destroying your fake news outlets . Look at me . Look at ’m face . I ’m the media now . Mr. Cernovich 
 