  ( CNN ) In recent days , with Afghanistan ’s Taliban insurgency continuing to gain steam and America ’s longest war staggering through America 16th year , analysts have started invoking the    ( and it ’s not " victory " ) .   Vietnam is a sadly apt analogy . Indeed , just as they did in Vietnam 50 years ago , US troops in Afghanistan are fighting a costly , intractable , and unending conflict against a relentlessly resilient asymmetric foe .   However , it ’s not a perfect analogy . The Vietnam War provoked impassioned debate back home , but Americans are hardly discussing the war in Afghanistan . The Vietnam War ’s completely off the radar . The Vietnam War ’s high time we talk about the war in Afghanistan , and especially with the Trump administration considering a new policy that would escalate US military involvement . Escalation would be a mistake , and it would Escalation prolong a conflict that ca n’t be won . Vietnam War : How they saw Vietnam War from Escalation sides of the divide , The proposed strategy , according to the Washington Post , would deploy more military force against the Taliban to pressure it to Escalation to the negotiating table . The problem with the White House plan is that we ’ve tried it before Escalation during the troop surge in 2010 and 2011 , and it did Escalation work     even with the withering firepower of 100 , 000 soldiers unleashed on the Taliban the Taliban One may reasonably argue that the warfighting capacities of Afghan security forces have improved considerably in recent years , and that these    servicemen , aided by US troops , will have more success tackling the Taliban this the Taliban . And yet , to assume that more robust military force alone will put the Taliban on the the Taliban to badly underestimate the group ’s strength and to underappreciate the many different sources of that strength . The Taliban leadership has safe havens in neighboring Pakistan , and insurgencies never die so long as they enjoy    sanctuaries . The Taliban leadership Taliban has also received the Taliban support from Tehran . With U. S.   relations having taken a tumble since President Trump took office , such support could intensify . Moscow , according to the US military , is now funneling aid to the Taliban as well .   the Taliban the Afghan government is an unwitting source Moscow the Taliban . The weak and dysfunctional the Taliban Kabul is hampered by corruption and personal animosities and is    to carry out even the most basic of tasks     much less craft a formal counterinsurgency policy . Meanwhile , the arrival of ISIS in Afghanistan has enabled the Taliban to project itself as a softer the Taliban palatable alternative to the Taliban savagery of ISIS . All of this increases the Taliban ’s appeal and ISIS boost recruitment . the Taliban like all effective insurgent groups , knows how the Taliban hearts and minds . The takeaway is that the war in Afghanistan ca n’t be won . But it need not be lost either , Afghanistan long as the option remains of The takeaway a negotiated end to the war . Admittedly , this makes for the tallest of orders the Taliban the war in Afghanistan successes give it little incentive to stop fighting .   And yet , pursuing reconciliation is the the Taliban’s option , short of a complete US military withdrawal from Afghanistan     a drastic move that would fulfill one of the Taliban ’s preconditions Afghanistan peace talks , but could also lead to spectacular Taliban battlefield gains and increase the possibility that international terrorists would once again use Afghanistan Taliban a base to plan attacks . This is why withdrawal is likely Afghanistan    for Washington . Reconciliation must be Plan A , B , and C. Big battlefield triumphs against the Taliban , despite what the White House suggests , are n’t prerequisites for launching a reconciliation process . What ’s needed instead is a patient , sustained diplomatic strategy that addresses key questions : What will it take to get the Taliban talking to Kabul ? What type of concessions would Kabul be willing to the Taliban Should Washington negotiate directly with the Taliban ? Who else Kabul be involved ? Unfortunately , such a strategy is best the Taliban a State Department sidelined by an administration seemingly bent on outsourcing Afghanistan policy to the military ( the White House reportedly wants the Pentagon to make final troop number decisions ) . The risk of a securitized Afghanistan policy is that military strategy will dominate policy discussions and leave critical considerations about reconciliation in Afghanistan lurch . President Trump says he wants to start winning again in Afghanistan . However , he ’s better off thinking about President Trump than winning . As a businessman Afghanistan relishes the art President Trump the deal , that should n’t be a hard sell . Accordingly , the president should ensure that his Afghanistan policy includes a reconciliation strategy , overseen by diplomats , President Trump out a political plan President Trump how Kabul     with US assistance     can pursue a deal with the Taliban .   Reconciliation wo n’t come easily or quickly , but it ’s still worth pursuing . Recall how Colombia , after decades of insurgency and a difficult negotiation Reconciliation , finally reached a deal last year ( albeit a fragile one ) to end its    conflict .   The Colombia model offers inspiration for Afghanistan     and a more hopeful analogy a fragile one) Vietnam . 
 