’    Twitter on Tuesday sought to tamper down a theory that went    viral in    circles over the weekend   —    that      ’ ’user @txmockingjay    posted an initial tweet that claimed 5 million new accounts    followed Trump in the past several days . ’ ’ ’ "   has gained over 5 mil followers in less than 3 days . Take a    mostly bots . @txmockingjay    ’s getting ready for something . " ’    On Tuesday , a separate tweet from author John Niven asserted    that many new Twitter accounts did not have corresponding photos . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tTrump ’s Twitter acc has suddenly gained 3 mil followers and has been blocking lots of people . New followers look like this . ..   " "    Many legitimate journalists and news outlets quickly circulated    the story .    and    website   shared Niven ’s tweet , and some prominent    personalities shared the initial tweet . " ’    But    on Tuesday said the the story to be a       , and somewhat exaggerated , misstatement . ’ "    The number of users who followed Trump ’s account was far    lower   —    the president had 30 . 6 million followers on Friday    compared to 30 . 9 million on Tuesday . Tuesday Twitter spokesperson    confirmed that the @txmockingjay tweet contained    unsupported information . " ’    " That account ’s account verified and provides no source for their    claim , " Twitter spokesman Nick Pacilio said . ’ "    According to Twitter , it ’s fairly Twitter for new users to    not upload    before beginning to use the service . " ’    In a Twitter direct message Twitter Business Insider   —    the    user chose to remain anonymous   —    @txmockingjay said they    " may not have been accurate   " but left the tweet up    to bring    to an alleged high number of bots following    Trump .   ’ ’    " I couldn’’t be sure as I was skimming a lot of tweets so I don’’t    remember the original poster , " they said . I was skimming a lot of tweets The reason I haven’’t    deleted it is because it brought awareness it the bot situation . " ’ "    Still , Trump ’s peculiar   Trump following in the last month has    stoked speculation about the veracity of    his Twitter       " ’    The Daily Dot reported Monday that Trump gained around   Trump , 000    fake accounts in the month of May alone ,   the outlet speculated could mean    someone was    attempting to get Trump kicked off   Trump Twitter by violating its service terms   Twitter ’ ’    Indeed , in past instances ,    bot accounts    boosted some tweets supporting the president . ’ ’    Though users peddling misinformation and fake news    often had       slant during the 2016 presidential    election , in the months since November , a   of prominent examples of    conspiracy theories    and inaccurate    have captured public attention . ’ ’Twitter on Tuesday sought to tamper down . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 