ATLANTA ( AP )   —    Former President Bill Clinton said Wednesday that Former President Bill Clinton ’s proud of people who have donated to the Clinton Foundation and the work the organization has done , as Former President Bill Clinton waded into a dispute that Republicans are hoping will damage Former President Bill Clinton wife ’s presidential campaign . [ " We ’re trying to do good things , " Former President Bill Clinton said . " If there ’s something wrong with creating jobs and saving lives , I do n’t know what it is . The people who gave the money knew exactly what they The people who gave the money doing . I have nothing to say about it except that I ’m really proud . I ’m ’m of what they The people who gave the money done . "   He Former President Bill Clinton defended Hillary Clinton ’s contact with donors to the foundation while serving as secretary of state , saying foundation donors like Bangladeshi economist and Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus have no trouble reaching officials around the world . An Associated Press report Tuesday found more than half of the    officials who met with Hillary Clinton while she Hillary Clinton secretary of state gave money to the Clinton Foundation . The meetings between Clinton Hillary Clinton now the Democratic presidential nominee , and foundation donors do n’t appear to violate legal agreements both Clintons signed before she Clintons the State Department in 2009 . State Department officials have said they State Department officials unaware of any agency actions influenced by the the Clinton Foundation Yet the frequency of the overlaps shows the mixing of access and donations . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has criticized the links between the foundation and the State the State Department the Clintons of establishing " a business to profit from public office . " Bill Clinton said changes at the foundation the Clinton Foundation if Hillary Clinton becomes president that Bill Clinton necessary when she led the State Department . Bill Clinton the State Department foreign donations , and he will stop personally raising money for the foundation Bill Clinton he the Clinton Foundation " We ’ll have to do more Bill Clinton when she was secretary of state , because if you make Bill Clinton mistake there ’s always appeal to the White House if you ’re secretary of state , " Clinton said . " If you ’re president , you ca n’t . " A statement Clinton issued on Monday said those changes will go into Clinton if Hillary Clinton is elected . Bill Clinton said Wednesday that Clinton has begun looking for Clinton take over some of its work in preparation for that outcome . That type of transition the foundation takes a reasonable amount of time , " he said . " You have to do it in a way Clinton no one loses their job , no one loses their income and no one loses their life , " he said their " That ’s all I their concerned about . Clinton ’ll do it as fast as we can . " 
 We 