Alex Isenstadt writes at Politico:[With Alex Isenstadt strong showing in the caucuses here , Marco Rubio is growing closer to consolidating the establishment wing of the Republican Party   —    and tightening the noose around the necks of Marco Rubio mainstream GOP rivals , including Jeb Bush .   Marco Rubio ’s    finish , top party officials , donors , and strategists said on Tuesday , positioned Marco Rubio to take the establishment mantle and win over Republican leaders who are eager to coalesce around a single candidate and halt insurgents Donald Trump and Ted Cruz . Marco Rubio foes , conceding that time was growing short to demonstrate strength , spent the day in private strategy sessions where they plotted how to prevent powerful supporters from bolting . " Marco Rubio controls Marco Rubio own destiny for the first time in this campaign , " said Josh Holmes , a former chief of staff to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " If Marco Rubio performs in New Hampshire it is very difficult to see how this campaign wo n’t quickly consolidate a lot of support . " With the GOP hierarchy warming to Rubio , the squeeze is suddenly on struggling establishment contenders Chris Christie , John Kasich , and Bush , who must convince party    that they party    a reason to continue on . On Tuesday morning , top Bush donors and finance officials held two conference calls to discuss the path forward . On one , according to one participant , there was an acknowledgement of the campaign ’s increasingly long odds and an agreement that , barring a strong Bush Bush in New Hampshire , many Bush Bush would soon bolt to Rubio . " Have you ever heard the phrase ‘ rattle of death ? ’ " the one participant , describing the mood on both calls . [   …     ] Two Bush Bush , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said there was growing concern that Rubio was Rubio the verge of getting a wave of endorsements from senators , state party chairs , and influential party officials and donors   —    a scenario , they conceded influential party officials and donors   that would give Rubio an Rubio of invincibility in the fight for support in the establishment lane . For Bush to remain viable , they said influential party officials and donors   he would Bush to    Rubio in New Hampshire , a state that the former Florida governor has made a cornerstone of his primary the former Florida governor . Many top GOP officials see the state Florida last , best chance for Rubio ’s   Rubio to stop him . Read   Rubio rest here . 
 