  ( CNN ) The Kremlin ’s comments that relations with the West are at relations with the West " worst since the Cold War " imply that once there was actually a thaw . It warmed up a bit during Boris Yeltsin ’s freewheeling presidency , as the Soviet Union ’s assets were sliced up and sold off to savvy Westerners and their nouveau riche Russian partners .   But Russia ’s clandestine intelligence services , the KGB and their successors the FSB , never let old grievances with the West slide or built meaningful trust . So when Vladimir Putin , a former KGB officer picked up the reins of leadership in 2000 , a slow chill , imperceptible at the beginning , began creeping across the landscape of Moscow ’s relationship with West . Today , President Putin ’s latest comments merely serve up the same old Cold War dish ,   . Rewind to February last year , when Russia ’s Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev was speaking at an international security conference in Munich . He Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev the room crowded with diplomats and dignitaries that " NATO ’s policy with regards to Russia Russia unfriendly and opaque . .. one could go as far as to say that we have slid back to a new cold war . "   At the time , Russia Russia was reacting to sanctions imposed following their annexation Russia’s leadership Crimea and incursion in to eastern Ukraine and to NATO bolstering its forces NATO case Russian troops kept moving west . NATO ’s NATO Commander Europe at the time , Philip Breedlove , who was attending the conference , told me later Russia was to blame . " They have occupied NATO’s Supreme Allied Commander Europe at the time, Philip Breedlove, who was attending the conference and Ukraine a bubble [ defense ] in the Black Sea and now [ we ] see a defense bubble developing in northern Syria , " Breedlove said . NATO , he NATO , Breedlove merely responding to Russian aggression . Fast forward to today and the Kremlin is under pressure again .   US President Donald Trump flexed his muscles in US President Donald Trump with a northern Syria strike in response to a chemical attack , precisely the powerful message that gets through to Putin . Putin ’s response Putin the Cold War quote out of the deep freeze again . US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told Putin " the Putin is at a low point " between their two countries . The reality is the relationship has been heading this way since long before Tillerson took over US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Foggy Bottom . Putin ’s KGB Putin and his schooling in Putin ideology and propaganda have predisposed him to seeing Putin West as a predator , not an ally . The real cooling began in 2003 as Putin railed against Putin President George W. Bush ’s invasion of Iraq , an event that cut so deep in his psyche even Putin he tries to Putin parallels to Trump ’s Syria strike on the Shayrat Airfield as a precursor for a wider    incursion . But if Putin was ignored Putin his invasion of Putin , annexing part the country in Syria Western attention . Relations began cooling apace after that . When Hillary Clinton took over at the State Department the following year , she tried to reset Hillary Clinton . But her attempted thaw did Hillary Clinton work and the cooling continued . By the end of her tenure , she Hillary Clinton her own Hillary Clinton Kremlin Hillary Clinton as they blamed her " interfering " Hillary Clinton Russia ’s 2011 elections .   By then Putin had other issues with the West . He felt cheated by Putin United Nations and NATO over Libya . He signed up to Putin intervention to save innocent lives , but that became a regime change he did n’t see Putin .   He lost an ally Putin Libyan strong man Moammar Gadhafi . And so the thermometer plunged again . The biggest temperature dive until now was the one Medvedev was railing against in Munich : Sanctions over Russia ’s Ukraine land grab . Now Trump ’s Syria strike has changed Putin ’s calculus further , and the mercury is dropping again .   So far , the Russian leader has Putin out of surviving his subzero standoff with the West Putin The colder it gets the more popular he the mercury . Most Russia experts Putin , the only way to thaw is to turn up the heat , and that means more    by Trump . Power is what Putin responds to best . Tillerson Putin challenge will be managing the flame . 
 