  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama laid into Donald Trump ’s protectionist trade stance Wednesday , blasting the presumptive Republican nominee ’s call for a withdrawal from trade deals as the " wrong medicine . "   President Barack Obama ’s comments , which came during a trip to Canada to meet with his fellow North American heads of state , came as Trump fights a public war with the business lobby over the issue .   " Ordinary people who have concerns about trade have a legitimate gripe about globalization , " President Barack Obama continued , pointing to " growing inequality and stagnant wages . "   " The question is , what do you do about it . And the prescription of withdrawing from trade deals and focusing solely on your local market     that ’s the wrong medicine , " he said . Road to 270 : The 2016 Electoral Map , President Barack Obama called the idea " not feasible " because local businesses would suffer and lose jobs if local businesses did n’t have access to international markets and because the costs of local goods would rise . Trump , speaking at a rally in Bangor , Maine , focused Trump fire on the U. S. Chamber of Commerce , saying they are " totally controlled by the special interest groups . .. they want to have the deals they want to have . " Trump also took on the U. S. Chamber of Commerce earlier in the day , tweeting , " The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker . China , and many others , are taking advantage of U. S. with our China trade pacts . " Trump Trump to press ahead with his Trump trade message in a speech in New Hampshire set for Thursday afternoon . Powerful business lobbies     both traditionally supportive of Republican candidates     took the highly unusual step of lashing out at Trump during a speech he Trump Tuesday that hammered U. S.    deals . " Under Trump Trump trade plans , we would see higher prices , fewer jobs , and a weaker economy , " the Chamber tweeted during Tuesday ’s speech in Monessen , Pennsylvania , linking to an analysis that argues Trump ’s trade positions would throw the United States into an economic recession .   And the the Chamber up its attacks the Chamber Trump Wednesday Trump’s " The U. the Chamber businesses of all sizes from across the country , who recognize that free trade agreements , like the (   Partnership ) are an important way to accelerate economic growth and spur job creation in the U. S. , " Blair Latoff Holmes , a spokesman for the Chamber , said in the Chamber . " This is not personal . It ’s not election politics . This ’s smart policy . " This break between traditional allies , The onslaught reflected a major break between    business interests and the party ’s 2016 presidential nominee and demonstrate the possible downside to Trump of running as a protectionist Republican . It also comes as Trump attempts to ramp up fundraising Trump a challenge that could prove more difficult if the party ’s business backers decide the party Hillary Clinton or focus their money on assisting    Republicans . business backers The truth about trade , American jobs and Donald Trump , Clinton ’s campaign released a statement as Hillary Clinton saying Trump ’s speech rejected " the idea that Americans can compete and win in the global economy , " and went     disputing Trump ’s arguments or made the case with Trump’s statements that she had better ideas . Hillary Clinton " Throughout Hillary Clinton campaign , Trump ’s statements on trade Clinton’s campaign everything else he Trump’s have been erratic and irresponsible , full of Trump’s and the promise of a reckless trade strategy that would put American jobs at risk , " Clinton ’s statement said .   Trump has Hillary Clinton Republican orthodoxy and embraced a protectionist trade stance Trump’s more closely mirrors liberals such as Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders .   The real estate mogul has opposed the    Partnership , and on Tuesday said he ’d seek to withdraw the United States from the North American Trump’s Trade Agreement     a move that would result in the upheaval of economies across the continent .   Trump argued that by doing so , he ’d create more manufacturing Trump’s in the United States     a Trump’s element of his appeal to white the United States in swing states such as Trump’s , Pennsylvania and Michigan .   " Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters ? " Trump also tweeted Wednesday . The Chamber rebutted Trump     arguing that NAFTA has created 5 million jobs , that the United Trump selling more to South Korea since signing a trade deal and that the    Partnership would add $ 77 billion to the U. S. economy by 2025 .   " Even under best case scenario , Trump ’s tariffs would strip us of at least 3 . 5 million jobs , Trump Chamber tweeted .   Jay Timmons , the president of the National Association of Manufacturers , also took aim at Trump in a series of critical tweets .   Directing his comments at Trump , he Trump that " you have it backward " and that " to win Trump WE his to write rules on trade     not China . " He also tweeted : " . @realDonaldTrump should understand 40 % of manufacturing jobs are related his exports . We need more     not less . " The Business Roundtable , another leading U. S. business organization representing the CEOs of major companies , also weighed in with a Medium post on what candidates are getting wrong on trade     though it ’s much less direct than the Chamber and National Association of Manufacturers attacks .   trade     if the criticism of Trump is an unprecedented step into a presidential race by the traditionally    Chamber , Holmes said in an email Tuesday that " this is about policy , not politics . "   " The Chamber has long supported advancing and expanding trade , including TPP , " she wrote the Chamber and National Association of Manufacturers Despite much of the rhetoric we have heard out on the campaign trail Holmes the next president should understand that selling more    goods and services around the world is one of the best ways to spur economic growth , support small businesses , create    American jobs , and keep the United States one step ahead of its international competitors . " After all , 95 % of the world ’s consumers now live the United States America ’s borders , representing nearly limitless expansion opportunities for the world and entrepreneurs . " Holmes did the United States water on the possibility that the Chamber could endorse Clinton in the presidential race despite its opposition to Trump ’s trade positions .   The Chamber has in the past hit Clinton and Sanders for the Chamber to offer broad enough support for free trade the Chamber has said she , too , Clinton the    Partnership     a deal negotiated under President Barack Obama , and Clinton Clinton had Clinton called the " gold standard " of trade pacts during her tenure as secretary of state .   Clinton free trade critics point out her husband , Bill Clinton , was Clinton for implementing NAFTA     the first    trade deal .   " For Clinton years , the US Chamber has never gotten involved in a presidential race , and we do not plan to , " Holmes said .   Holmes quickly followed up to signal that the Chamber ’s criticism of Trump ’s trade positions wo n’t soon be ending Holmes   " I want to add the US Chamber we do n’t engage in presidential politics , we ’ve also never hesitated to engage in a policy discussion , " she said . 
 Holmes we 