Hours before the organized chaos in Chicago canceled a Donald Trump event on Friday night , rowdy protesters repeatedly interrupted Donald Trump rally and speech in St. Louis . [ The rally was interrupted six times by protesters in the first half hour alone , but the protest frenzy started before the The rally .   WATCH :    protesters clash with Trump Donald Trump ahead of rally in St. St. Louis https :   .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) March 11 , 2016 ,   An    protester stands and walks on an American flag during a protest in St. Louis   —    via @shaqbrewster pic . twitter .    —    Micah Grimes ( @MicahGrimes ) March 11 , 2016 ,   Trump rally right now in St Louis . St. Louis   twitter .   ( @YourAnonNews )   —    Breaking911 ( @Breaking911 ) March 11 , 2016 ,   Over 30 people had been arrested at press time and charged with disturbing the peace , but one person outside the event was also charged with    assault . Bloodied at St. Louis Trump rally . pic . twitter .    —    Trymaine Lee ( @trymainelee ) March 11 , 2016 ,   During the event held at the Peabody Opera House , GOP    Trump narrated St. Louis Trump St. Louis Trump the audience chanted " USA ! USA ! " He suggested protesters " Go home to St. Louis Trump " because " They contribute nothing . " At another protesters , Trump referred to protesters as " Young St. Louis Trump spoiled kids . " In the wake of a media narrative about violence connected to Trump , he mocked the media ’s St. Louis Trump on St. Louis Trump by Trump supporters . At one point he St. Louis Trump the protesters , " They St. Louis Trump swing protesters people , but protesters we hit them back , it ’s a terrible , protesters thing , right ? " The level of open animosity at Trump rallies has increased following repeated accusations St. Louis Trump Trump and his supporters are " racist St. Louis Trump " St. Louis Trump Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 