  ( CNN ) For years , conservatives have railed against Hollywood ’s liberal political leanings , gleefully citing declining    ratings as proof that people were turned off by civics lectures from privileged stars . Yet as the industry prepares for what could be one of the more political Oscar telecasts in memory , the danger to Oscar ratings posed by that dynamic appears minimal , if the trajectory of what ’s known as " awards season " thus far is any guide . At this point , the Academy of Motion Picture arts and Sciences , which presents the Oscars , and ABC , which televises it , should have little to fear in terms of alienating potential viewers . That ’s because    among those likely to be seriously put off by hearing actors weigh into the political fray has to be pretty well baked into the formula . Other awards that have aired in the    to the Oscars     the Golden Globes , Screen Actors Guild Awards and most recently the Grammys     have n’t paid a price , despite    denunciations of the Trump administration . In late night , Stephen Colbert ’s surge ahead of Jimmy Fallon ’s " The Tonight Show " looks directly related to Stephen Colbert status as a    source of Donald Trump putdowns . The Academy Awards , admittedly , provide a much bigger stage , second only to playoff football among annual televised events . But The Academy Awards viewership drop over the years     to about 34 . 4 million viewers in 2016 , the lowest number since 2008     can be traced to numerous factors , including the sheer glut of awards ceremonies , a more fragmented content marketplace and a schism between the    movies that get nominated and the blockbusters more people see . Politics have doubtless played a role as well , and there ’s no question that a vast portion of the public is hostile toward Hollywood . It ’s just that after a steady diet of political acceptance speeches and conservative condemnation , It ’s hard to imagine many people being surprised to see references to reality intrude on this annual ode to    and glamor . " The Avengers " movies might not be political , but anyone paying attention knows that most of The Avengers" stars advocated strongly for Hillary Clinton . Ditto for actors like Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro , who have n’t been bashful about making their views known . Given that , those who watch the Oscars ca n’t convincingly feign shock over being subjected to liberal opinions . If you ’re a conservative who has n’t given up on the show already over those political overtones , the show ’s likely because you do n’t much care , sort of enjoy being offended or just want to know what Rush Limbaugh and " Fox   Friends " will be griping about Monday morning . For its part , entertainment community leaders have also become less squeamish than in the past , when overt political displays at the Oscars did produce discomfort and concern . When a documentary filmmaker condemned the Vietnam War in 1975 , host Frank Sinatra later read an apology that stressed the academy was " not responsible for any political references made on the program . " In 2003 , Michael Moore ’s acceptance speech     in which Michael Moore attacked the Bush administration over the Iraq war     triggered a mix of boos and cheers within the auditorium , and an attempt by host Steve Martin to defuse the situation with humor .   At the Grammys , by contrast , producer Ken Ehrlich came out before the Grammys and urged award recipients during the broadcast to " say something important . We ’re expecting it . " The same is apparently true of advertisers , a historically skittish group when it it to controversy . The Los Angeles Times reported that ABC has sold out its ABC inventory     at healthy price increases from last year     and that media buyers are braced for political speeches being a part of the telecast . The awards season has already reflected the entertainment and arts community ’s activism and pushback against the results of last year ’s election . Despite the somewhat cautious reputation of its the entertainment and arts community’s activism and pushback against the results of last year’s election , the Oscars promise to be no exception . So despite the red carpet and fine attire , expect a few sharp rhetorical elbows to fly . And those with a stake in the show ’s performance are likely prepared to let the chips , and ratings , fall where they those with a stake in the show’s performance . 
 