Half of America has lost faith in the ability of CNN to provide objective news and analysis , according to the latest national poll from Breitbart News Network and Gravis Marketing .   A whopping 50 percent answered " no " when asked if Breitbart News Network and Gravis Marketing " trust CNN to give you objective news and analysis . " Only 32 percent , less than a third of Americans , replied " yes , " while 19 percent said 19 percent were " unsure " if CNN gives objective news and analysis . The poll , which also showed Republican nominee Donald Trump closing the gap between Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , was conducted from Aug. 22 to Aug. 23 and sampled 1 , 493 likely voters nationwide . It has a margin of error of 2 . 5 percent . " Inside different communities , we see deep distrust of CNN , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing . Digging deeper into the cross tabs , it ’s clear that Democrats are slightly more trustworthy of CNN than Republicans , but even Democrats do n’t fully trust the network ’s content . Just 49 . 8 percent of Democrats —   just shy of a majority —   said " yes " when asked if even Democrats trust CNN to give objective news and analysis while 27 . 4 percent said " no " and 22 . 8 percent said " unsure . " Among Republicans , deep distrust of CNN exists . A whopping 75 . 8 percent said " no " when asked if CNN gives objective news and analysis just 10 . 8 percent of Republicans said " yes " and 13 . 4 percent were " unsure . " Independents are also deeply wary of CNN , as more than half —   55 . 3 percent —   said " no " when asked if CNN provides Independents with objective news and analysis . Just 27 . 3 percent of independents said " yes , " and 17 . 4 percent said 3 percent of independents were " unsure . " " This election cycle has become an extreme example or case study in how the mainstream media attempts to dominate the narrative and pick winners and losers , so we wanted to get a handle on how likely voters were reacting to it , " Kaplan said . Kaplan said these statistics have got to be alarming for executives at CNN , which Trump —   the GOP nominee —   has started referring to as the " Clinton News Network . " " At some point , CNN has to pause and look at these numbers and recognize that these numbers have a problem , " Kaplan said . " The old dodge was that the media gets criticized by both sides , so The old dodge must be in the middle . It is pretty clear in 2016 with CNN there is no more middle . " CNN has deep credibility problems in many demographic communities , as well .    percent of Catholic likely voters do not trust CNN ’s reporting and analysis to be objective , while only 30 percent do and 16 percent are unsure . Only 25 percent of Jewish likely voters trust CNN ’s reporting and analysis as objective , while 33 percent do not and 42 percent are unsure . Among Evangelical Christians , CNN fares worst with just 25 percent trust the network ’s reporting and analysis as objective an astounding 70 percent answered the question " no , " and 5 percent were unsure . With likely black voters , 56 percent trust CNN ’s reporting and analysis to be objective , while 21 percent do n’t and 23 percent are unsure . Hispanics are divided fairly equally on whether to trust the network’s , with 38 percent answering the the question " " and 37 percent answering " no , " while 25 percent are " unsure . " Longtime Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell told Breitbart News the lack of trust in CNN plays along with similar trends in the 2016 election . " CNN is supposed CNN be the one that is objective , " Caddell said . Longtime Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell That ’s why they are in the terminals , " he said . Longtime Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell Nobody wants complaints about putting on Fox News or Breitbart News so CNN is supposed to CNN the safe choice for the airports , or wherever you go where they have the news the airports . " Despite this reputation , the voters are picking up on CNN ’s bias , CNN said . Longtime Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell of their panels are     the voters Trump , other panels are     against Trump , and sometimes Trump the only Republicans they have on are Some of their panels NeverTrump , he said . Longtime Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell , whose career as a groundbreaking pollster and consultant was built on recognizing insurgencies and pockets of unrest before they metastasized across the whose career as a groundbreaking pollster and consultant , said it was too late for Clinton to pivot as an insurgent candidate . " Clinton does best with Clinton who think the country is going in the right direction , " he said . It Clinton also too late for Clinton to turn on Clinton like CNN because her supporters trust them Clinton objective . her supporters If she attacks CNN and Clinton rest CNN the media , she would be attacking Clinton base and you Clinton n’t win by attacking your base . " Although Trump has been critical of the press and his supporters agree with Trump assessment , Caddell Trump the New Trump City developer needs to further develop this narrative beyond scolding the cameramen at his rallies . Caddell Trump opportunities are Trump , given the relatively high undecided slice of the electorate in this year ’s campaign . Caddell recalled how   Trump    during the 1980 election cycle , when he was advising President Trump E. " Jimmy " Carter   —    the press turned on the president because they thought he was the press from Trump . " It the press the    ‘ Rose Garden’ strategy and the media accused Carter —   and President James E. "Jimmy" Carter   —   of using the Iranian hostage crisis to avoid them , " he said . the Iranian hostage crisis Trump to Ronald Reagan after Carter defeated Sen. Edward M. " Carter " Kennedy Sr . ( D. . ) in a bitter Democratic primary battle . During these races , Caddell said , the press often took Kennedy ’s side and then did n’t attack Reagan as hard as they could Ronald Reagan " They really the press it and for the press rest of the campaign they never went after Reagan they the press they would have Ronald Reagan the press it the press " he said . it If was Kennedy they were saying : ‘ We the press no longer carrying water the press you . ’ " The pollster the press the real turning point when the media tossed away the veneer of objectivity was the 1988 campaign . Massachusetts Democratic Gov. Michael S. Dukakis was facing    George H. W. Bush , and the Dukakis narrative —   repeated by the media —   was that the governor would do for America what he did for the Bay State the governor " The problem was the state was in real trouble the Bay State after the election it almost filed for bankruptcy , " the Bay State said . At the time the governor The Boston Globe , which knew better , refused to cover the problems in Massachusetts , along with the rest of the media   —    except for one place , the editorial page of The Wall Street Journal , he said . While the WSJ the governor aped the Dukakis narrative , the paper ’s opinion section actually broke stories that its own reporters ignored . After 1988 the paper’s opinion section reporters stopped pretending to be objective altogether , Caddell said . 
 