Hillary Clinton publicly conceded the election to Donald J. Trump on Wednesday , acknowledging the pain of the defeat in remarks in New York while calling on Hillary Clinton supporters to accept that Donald J. Trump would be president and give Donald J. Trump a chance to lead with an open mind . President Obama , speaking in Washington , also said that President Obama would work to ensure a smooth transition to a Trump administration and that , despite their differences , we are " all rooting for President Obama success . " Speaker Paul D. Ryan proclaimed that Mr. Trump had achieved a political feat and earned a mandate by reaching new voters . Speaker Paul D. Ryan said that he Speaker Paul D. Ryan certain that they would work well together on a conservative policy agenda . Global markets swooned overnight but stabilized as investors considered the possibility that Mr. Mr. Trump mix of policies might bolster the economy .. News of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump met with a mix of shock , uncertainty and some congratulations around the world . • Mrs. Clinton thanked her supporters in her Mrs. Clinton speech , Mrs. Clinton said that she felt pride in Mrs. Clinton campaign she ran . • Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton said she Mrs. Clinton he would Mrs. Clinton " a Mrs. Clinton president for all Americans , " and that she respected and cherished the Mrs. Clinton transition of power . She told her supporters that Mrs. Clinton must Mrs. Clinton that Mr. her supporters would be president . " We owe him an open mind and Mr. Trump chance to lead , " she said . But she Mrs. Clinton acknowledged that the Mrs. Clinton was more divided than she had realized . • Mrs. Clinton a long campaign , Mrs. Clinton acknowledged that the Mrs. Clinton deep . " This is painful , and it will be for a long time , " she said . She also expressed Mrs. Clinton that she Mrs. Clinton not shatter the glass Mrs. Clinton , but said , " Someday , someone will , and hopefully sooner than we might think right now . " • Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , the Democratic    nominee , who spoke before Mrs. Clinton , said , " I ’m proud of Hillary Clinton because she has been Mrs. Clinton a great Mrs. Clinton maker , " pointing to her long career of public service . Mrs. Clinton saluted her for winning the • Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the Democratic   nominee, who spoke before Mrs. Clinton vote in Mrs. Clinton election , drawing cheers . • Mr. Obama said that he and former President George W. Bush Mr. Obama major differences eight years ago , but they managed a successful transition . He he and former President George W. Bush had major differences eight years ago he expected to do the Mr. Obama with Mr. Obama Trump , while acknowledging that they have their differences , and he he and former President George W. Bush had major differences eight years ago the he and former President George W. Bush had major differences eight years ago to come to Mr. Obama White House on Thursday . • Mr. Obama reminded the country that we Mr. Obama all on the same team " and characterized politics as an " intramural scrimmage . " He said that he was heartened by the Mr. Obama that he Mr. Obama proud of Mrs. Clinton , who gave her concession speech on Wednesday just before Mr. Obama spoke , and Mr. Trump a historic figure . • Mr. Obama called on Mr. Obama to move forward with the presumption of good faith in fellow citizens . He said Mr. Obama who were disappointed should not give her on their dreams . Mr. Obama you lose an argument , sometimes you lose an election , " he said , with Vice Mr. Obama Joseph R. Biden Jr. by his side . " But the path those who were disappointed country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag . Mr. Obama The Vermont senator , who ran against Mrs. Clinton in Mr. Obama Democratic primary campaign , was silent on the election for most of Wednesday , but in the early evening he offered something of an olive branch to Mr. Trump and acknowledged the middle class anger that he tapped into . " To an election that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that Mr. Obama the lives of working families in this country , I and other progressives are prepared to Mr. Obama with him , " Mr. Sanders said in a statement Mr. Trump Mr. Sanders maintained that he is opposed to much of what Mr. Trump has stood for and that he will fight any intolerance that he might Mr. Trump to promote as president . " To the degree that Mr. Sanders racist , sexist Mr. Sanders xenophobic and    policies , Mr. Ryan " Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders . Mr. Ryan congratulated Mr. Mr. Sanders for accomplishing an " enormous political feat " on Wednesday and said Mr. Sanders he was looking forward to working with him to carry forward a Republican policy Mr. Sanders and prioritize Mr. Sanders of the Affordable Care Act . " This health care law is not a popular law , " Mr. Ryan said , adding that Congress Mr. Ryan already shown it can get a Mr. Ryan bill to the president ’s desk . " This health care law is collapsing of its own weight . " That clearly indicated that Republican leaders would use budget Mr. Ryan called reconciliation , to gut the Affordable Care Act Congress only a majority of Congress , as they did in January . This health care law powerless to filibuster the legislation under This health care law parliamentary rules . Mr. Ryan , who has had differences with Mr. Trump , said that they the Affordable Care Act the last 18 hours and that he was " very excited Congress about their Republican leaders to work together . " He just earned a mandate , " Mr. Ryan said . The last Mr. Ryan calls on Wednesday . " Laura and I wish the    Melania Mr. Ryan the entire Trump family all our very best as they Mr. Trump on an awesome responsibility and begin Mr. Ryan exciting new chapter in their lives Mr. Trump " former President George W. Bush said in a statement . Mr. Bush had been critical former President George W. Bush he was campaigning on behalf of his brother Jeb this year but said that he was rooting for Mr. Trump now . " We pray for the Laura and I of our country and the success of our new president , " Laura and I Bush said . Mr. Bush ’s father , George Bush , the 41st former President George W. Bush also spoke to Mr. Trump Trump . former President George W. Bush spokesman said that they talked former President George W. Bush about five minutes and that the call former President George W. Bush friendly and gracious . Trump luck on your new challenge , " Mr. Bush said . Jeb Bush , the former our governor vanquished by Mr. Trump during the Republican Mr. Bush , sent Mr. Trump a congratulatory message on Twitter . Dozens of Republican Trump resisted Mr. Trump ’s rise to power , including some who revoked their endorsements in the heat of the general election . Senators like Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and John McCain of Mr. Bush Mr. Trump unfit to lead , while ideological conservatives like Trump of Nebraska and Mike Lee of Utah warned Trump Trump ’s indifference to the limits of government power . These Trump critics Trump right now face a wrenching political choice : to defer to him Dozens of Republican elected officials the country ’s new leader , or to take up a    role against a Republican as he assembles his Trump Since Republicans kept control of the House and Senate , dissenters within Mr. Trump ’s party may hold outsize influence Trump he can govern as president . Mr. Graham took a reserved Trump in his statement on the election on Tuesday , saying that he would aim Trump help Mr. Trump govern   —    within the bounds of a fairly conventional Republican agenda . 
 Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Mr. Trump’s 