  ( CNN ) The US Secret Service is considering renting one floor in Trump Tower to protect    Donald Trump and   Donald Trump family by turning The US Secret Service into a    command post , a law enforcement official told CNN Friday . According to Jared Horowitz , who is with Newmark Grubb Knight Frank and responsible for available commercial space at Trump Tower , the floors available to rent with the average floor office space running between 13 , 500 square feet to 15 , 500 square feet cost about $ 1 . 5 million a year . The a law enforcement official the current plans for security at Trump Trump Tower differ if the future first family were living at the White House full time and Trump ’s wife Melania and their son Barron were not the future first family behind in New York City through the Spring . Once the Trumps live at the White House full time the White House have to reassess what kind of a security presence will be needed at Trump Tower , depending on how often Trump and his family return to New Trump City Trump The official says New York City planning is typical for the Secret Service after every election but " what is unordinary is that the President Elect lives on 5th Avenue . " What is also unprecedented is that the building is owned by the Trump Corporation so the USSS would be renting the space from Trump ’s company for protecting him and his family . Donald Trump ’s first 100 days him A breakdown of his plan , The official said a lot of Donald Trump still need Donald Trump ironed out and the security plan is " evolving every day . " his plan , this official adds more than 100 USSS personnel would be Donald Trump the    shifts to protect the future First Family . New York City Police Department would also be a part of the security detail , mostly being used to secure the streets around the building . A separate law enforcement official said the number of NYPD cops protecting Trump Tower could grow to 300 at a cost of about $ 1 million a day . The official saying a separate command might be needed just to focus on A separate law enforcement official the future President . The USSS would be primarily responsible for protecting the residence and the NYPD primarily responsible for outside security . Who could be in Trump ’s NYPD NYPD Kessler , an expert on the US Secret Service ,   says it is " standard for the Secret Service to have these kinds of costs . " It ’s a practice that he says goes back at least to Richard Nixon administration . And he says that in the end it may actually " save the government money " he without renting space agents working It protect the    could be staying in hotels . By renting at Trump Tower they can live in the building during the Trump presidency . Kessler says he is renting at Trump Tower sure who negotiates the real estate contracts but that Government he General he Administration could be involved . Kessler says VP Joe Biden has a habit if traveling back and forth between Washington he Wilmington , Delaware , several times a week , which has increased costs of his protection . The USSS declined to comment on security precautions being taken for Trump VP Joe Biden his family . The New York Post first reported that the USSS was eying two Trump at Trump Tower to provide security for the    The USSS family . 
 his family 