  ( CNN ) France ’s first Republican presidential primary has ended in a surprising runoff between two former prime ministers and halted a political comeback by former President Nicolas Sarkozy .    former President Nicolas Sarkozy came in third in the field of seven vying for the nomination for France ’s    party .   The shock winner was Francois Fillon , who staged a remarkable late surge to win the vote . former President Nicolas Sarkozy ’ll contest Alain Juppe in a    vote for the party ’s nomination on November 27 . It ’s assumed The shock winner will be the one to contest the leader of the    National Front , Marine Le Pen , for the presidency . Le Pen ’s    and       has been gaining popularity among French voters , and in an interview with CNN last week , she said she she been emboldened by Donald Trump ’s recent victory in the United States .   It " makes the French realize that what the people want , they the people get , if they the people themselves the people " she she . With more than    of polling places reporting , Fillon had around 44 % of the vote followed by Juppe with about 28 % .    Sarkozy brought in 20 % and said in a concession tweet , " I wish the best for my country and for the one who will have to lead the France that I love     NS " In a concession speech , Sarkozy Sarkozy he Sarkozy support the Fillon the runoff .   Who is Francois Fillon ? Fillon 62 , is a lawyer who served as Sarkozy ’s prime minister Sarkozy 2007 and 2012 .   As a Catholic from Le Mans , a village in    France , he symbolizes the traditional Fillon right . Fillon aims to end Fillon    work week , cut public spending , abolish the wealth tax , reduce immigration and invest 12 billion euros in security , defense and justice . Just a few weeks ago , Fillon was considered an Fillon bet for the presidency but won over voters with a polished performance in televised debates . He apparently also struck Fillon right tone on the fight against Islamist terrorism and ISIS after publishing a new book called " Beating Islamic Totalitarianism . " After his win , Fillon Fillon a message Fillon the French electorate . " I thank the French people who supported me and I send a message of respect and coming together to the other voters . " Who is Alain Juppe ? Juppe , 71 , is the current mayor of Bordeaux who also served as prime minister from 1995 to 1997 under President Jacques Chirac . He ’s considered a Fillon who promises to promote a " happy national identity " if he comes to power Fillon   Juppe has also promised Alain Juppe reform , effective border control within and outside Europe , an end to the    work week , and more investment in security and the fight against terrorism . Because of the unpopularity of President Francois Hollande ’s socialist party , the Republican nominee will likely face Le Pen in the final round of the presidential race in May.   Leader of the National Front since 2011 , Le Pen is a Le Pen who has said there would be no place for multiculturalism if she took power . 
 Le Pen 