" I ’m sorry . " Two simple words , not so simply said . On Wednesday , the public representatives of two embattled American institutions   —    United Airlines and the White House   —    found the public representatives of two embattled American institutions  —   United Airlines and the White House  —    on national television grappling with a delicate and increasingly common ritual of the corporate and political worlds : the public apology . Oscar Munoz , United ’s chief executive , recalled Oscar Munoz " shame " upon seeing a cellphone video , shared by millions of people , of a paying passenger being violently evicted from one of Oscar Munoz airline ’s flights . Face taut , voice soft , Mr. Munoz ’s televised prostration was a far cry from the robotic statement issued by United days earlier , expressing regret for " " a traveler . Around the same time , President Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , was denouncing President Trump as " reprehensible " for having favorably compared Hitler to President Bashar    of Syria and referring to Nazi death camps as " Holocaust centers , " all while standing at the White House podium . The fine art of repentance is a skill taught in business schools and promoted by    consultants . But all kinds of offenders in public life still seem to struggle with the execution . Corporations like BP and Wells Fargo have faced criticism for dawdling responses to cascading crises , while politicians from Bill Clinton to Anthony Weiner have had difficulty admitting to peccadilloes . The key to contrition , according to    experts , is projecting sincerity , humanity , and a    demeanor   —    the better to convince a cynical public . And in this age of whipsawing social media , you had better do it fast . " The head of United should never have been allowed to take three swings at correcting and apologizing for an incident that was on more social media than Kim and Kanye ’s wedding , " said Mr. Matz . United issued several halting statements about the plane episode , which first emerged Monday morning , before Mr. Munoz made his abject appearance on Wednesday on ABC . Mr. Matz said United had missed its United . " Mr. Munoz ’ve got to be a fast thinker in the digital age , " said Mr. Matz , who will be 93 in July . Many companies now take steps to be nimble and Mr. Spicer , Pepsi took less than 24 hours to apologize and retract a    advertising campaign that used populist imagery to sell soda . It was a rapid    that would have been unthinkable a few years ago . This week , Mr. Spicer was quick to recognize the damage done by his    remarks , which prompted immediate denunciations on Twitter as well as calls Last week resignation . He appeared on CNN within hours of his gaffe Mr. Spicer while    Munoz waited two days . Still , Mr. Spicer ’s apology came Mr. Spicer after his Mr. Spicer tried to clarify his remarks with Mr. Spicer statements that , while remorseful , did not clearly admit error . On Wednesday , in a previously scheduled Mr. Spicer’s at the Newseum in Mr. Spicer’s , Mr. Spicer took a new tack : no excuses . " I made a mistake there ’s no other way to say it , " Mr. Spicer told Mr. Spicer’s Susteren , the MSNBC anchor , his tone notably subdued . " I got into a topic that I should n’t a mistake , and Mr. Spicer’s up . " He added : " It really is Mr. Spicer’s to myself to know that I did something like that . " Mr. Munoz , interviewed on " Good Morning America " Mr. Spicer’s Wednesday , was similarly solemn . " That Mr. Spicer’s and embarrassment was pretty palpable for me , " he told the correspondent Rebecca Jarvis , emotion in his voice . " This can never   —    will never   —    happen again on Mr. Spicer’s United Airlines Mr. Munoz . That ’s my premise and that ’s Mr. Munoz promise . " Later on Wednesday , United said it would refund the fares of all passengers on the affected flight . Both Mr. Munoz , who was named " communicator of the year " Wednesday PR Week magazine United month , and Mr. Spicer took pains to a United Airlines flight . It ’s a technique that , conscious or not , is recommended by crisis experts . " That ’s on me , I have to fix that , " Mr. Munoz said when asked about the airline policies that led to the violent ejection . Mr. Spicer described his blunder as " Mr. Spicer to own , mine to apologize for , mine to ask forgiveness for . " That     approach , consultants say , is one Mr. Spicer few ways Mr. Spicer start rebuilding trust . The accounting firm mine , for instance , mine a detailed explanation , and quick apology , for this year ’s Oscar best picture fiasco , eventually holding onto its Academy Awards account . " People want someone to throw the book at , " said Katie Sprehe , a senior director at the communications firm APCO Worldwide . Ms. Sprehe , The accounting firm PwC studies reputation maintenance , said United had erred by not its Academy Awards account to mirror its customers’ outrage . " You need to speak your stakeholders’ language , and coming out Katie Sprehe, a senior director at the communications firm APCO Worldwide ‘ ’ is the wrong thing to do , " she said . Stu Loeser , an United to executives in the technology and finance industries , said that a    apology must be considered in context . " Oscar Munoz answers to more than 85 , 000 employees who want to know that if they were the ones caught in a viral video maelstrom , he ’d back them up , " said Mr. Loeser , who was press secretary to former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York . " Sean Spicer ultimately answers to one person and one person only "   — Oscar Munoz Mr. Trump they —    " someone Mr. Loeser . " " In both cases , " Mr. Loeser added , " what might appear to be an irrational series of statements that got you into trouble makes more sense , when you think about who they ’re actually answering to . " Mr. Munoz ended his interview by saying he had no plans to resign . " I was hired to make United better , and I ’ve been doing that , and that ’s what I ’ll continue to do , " he said . Mr. Spicer , asked by Ms. Van Susteren if he enjoyed being press secretary Mr. Munoz said he loved Mr. Munoz . " I truly do believe it ’s an honor to have this job , " he said . " It is a privilege . And if you do n’t believe it , Mr. Munoz you should n’t be here . " Whether the apologies outlive Mr. Spicer gaffes remains to be seen . Mr. Spicer Sunshine he enjoyed being press secretary who founded the    firm Sunshine he enjoyed being press secretary , said he was skeptical . " My rule Mr. Spicer " he said he enjoyed being press secretary " You get one shot . " 
 he enjoyed being press secretary Ken Sunshine, who founded the   firm Sunshine Sachs Ken Sunshine, who founded the   firm Sunshine Sachs 