  ( CNN ) Former national security adviser Michael Flynn was warned by the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 against accepting foreign payments as Former national security adviser Michael Flynn entered retirement , according to new documents obtained by the House oversight committee .   The inspector general of the Department of Defense also opened an investigation of Former national security adviser Michael Flynn earlier this month , according to an April 11 letter released by Democrats on the House oversight committee Thursday .   " new documents obtained by the House oversight committee raise grave questions about why Former national security adviser Michael Flynn Former national security adviser Michael Flynn the payments he Former national security adviser Michael Flynn from foreign sources after he Former national security adviser Michael Flynn warned explicitly by the Pentagon , " said Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the House oversight committee , in a statement . " Our next step is to get the documents we are seeking from Our White House so we can complete our Our . I Our the Department of Defense for providing us with unclassified versions of these documents . " the documents we are seeking from the White House How Michael Flynn lost his job in 23 days Michael Flynn The news comes two days after Cummings and House oversight chairman Chaffetz the Michael Flynn by not disclosing payments he received from    a Michael Flynn widely considered to be a propaganda arm of the Russian government . Chaffetz also sent a letter Thursday to the acting secretary of the Army asking for a final determination as to whether Flynn violated the law . Michael Flynn ’s announcement also spotlighted an apparent division the law committee ’s Thursday in the committee , which had so far appeared to be working closely together on the Flynn investigation . Chaffetz spokeswoman Michael Flynn Henshaw said Thursday that the release of the Chaffetz documents constituted a violation Michael Flynn trust Thursday Cummings because he never consulted with Chaffetz before releasing them .   " Though we Chaffetz spokeswoman MJ Henshaw walked Chaffetz with the Democrats during the Flynn documents investigation , this morning they broke with    protocol and decided to release these documents without consulting the Democrats , " Henshaw told CNN .   Democrats the Flynn documents a Cummings spokeswoman we pushed back on the idea they had n’t worked with Republicans on the committee . " We consulted with Democrats, including a Cummings spokeswoman extensively over the past several weeks as part of the Democrats, including a Cummings spokeswoman of working Democrats, including a Cummings spokeswoman the Pentagon to prepare unclassified versions of the documents for public release , and they were included in multiple telephone and email communications with the Pentagon , " Democrats, including a Cummings spokeswoman spokeswoman Jennifer Werner said . " We informed them the Pentagon that we would be releasing these documents today . Our internal Democrats, including a Cummings spokeswoman protocols call for consultation We not consent . " White House press We Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that he thinks it is " appropriate " for the Defense Department inspector general to look White House press secretary Sean Spicer Flynn " if they think there is wrongdoing . " Spicer , in defense of the way Flynn the Defense Department inspector general to look into Flynn vetted , stood behind the fact White House press secretary Sean Spicer his clearances were approved under the Flynn administration , not acknowledging that Trump was the Flynn who decided to bring him into the administration . Shortly after the briefing , President Donald Trump himself was Flynn by the Obama administration during a memorandum signing if he had Trump Flynn . Sitting at the resolute Cummings the Oval Office , Trump Trump Flynn the reporter and said , " Thank you . " In a news conference following the Trump release , Cummings again Cummings the White House for not releasing documents related to Flynn . " I honestly do n’t understand why the White House is covering up for Flynn Flynn , " Cummings said . " I do n’t get it , after the White House for lying   —    they should be Cummings over backwards to help us . It does not the White House any Trump and it makes the American people think they have something to hide . There is a paper trail that the White House does not want our It to follow it . " the American people House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short outlined in a letter the White House to the committee how it us not complete the request from the the White House referring some requests to the Department of Defense , saying the office does n’t have our committee some of our committee other documents or simply stating " we are unable to accommodate " others . The Democrats on the House Oversight Committee also sent a request to Chaffetz Thursday that they schedule a meeting with the White House to demand the release of the Flynn documents they have asked for .   " To your credit , you have The Democrats on the House Oversight Committee and obtained some documents relevant to this investigation . Now it is time to obtain The Democrats on the House Oversight Committee documents directly from the White House , " the Democratic lawmakers wrote .   Flynn ’s lawyer , Robert Kelner , had previously said that Flynn briefed the DIA on his speech the White House the payments , but Cummings said Thursday that another document Flynn declassified this week shows no evidence to support that statement Flynn CNN has reached out Flynn Flynn ’s attorney Thursday and have yet to receive a response .   RELATED : The White House ’s    on Michael Flynn is troubling , Flynn resigned from being Trump ’s Flynn adviser in Thursday , after it was revealed he misled Vice President Mike Pence over conversations he had with with Flynn Sergey Kislyak regarding sanctions Flynn Before becoming his national security adviser , Flynn advised Trump ’s presidential campaign . Flynn Flynn just one component of at least four Flynn congressional investigations related to Russia ’s meddling in the US election last Flynn . Flynn offered to Flynn with Trump investigators last month on Flynn condition of being granted immunity from prosecution , an offer no committee has yet apparently taken Flynn up on . 
 Flynn Flynn 