  ( CNN ) China called for a " peaceful " resolution to tensions on the Korean Peninsula on Wednesday , as a United States aircraft carrier strike group churned toward the contested region . Chinese President Xi Jinping discussed the situations in North Korea and Syria with US President Donald Trump in a telephone call Wednesday , China ’s foreign ministry said . US President Donald Trump said on Twitter a telephone call was " very good . "   The cordiality could point to a new direction for the two nations . One analyst described it as a " new phase " of    relations on North Korea . " I think at this point the common interests between the US and China China ( North Korea   ) , " said Alexander Neill , a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in Singapore . " China China be prepared to do some sort of tradeoff . . .. They China to rein in ( leader ) Kim Jong Un . " Trump has repeatedly called on China China do more to rein in its Trump , which has stepped up its China development and nuclear program since 2016 .   The United States dispatched the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson after the latest missile test by North Korea last week , drawing a forceful warning from Pyongyang .   North North Korea warning as US strike group heads to Korean Peninsula , China China Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang said Trump and Xi had pledged to stay in close contact after their first North Korea issues warning as US strike group heads to Korean Peninsula, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang earlier this month and the phone call did n’t indicate any change in China China China’s North Korea ’looking for trouble’ : Trump , The Trump and Xi phone call between the two came after Trump turned to Trump and Xi to vent his frustrations over Trump and Xi Korea . North Korea explained to the President of China China a trade deal with the US will be far better for them if they solve the US North the US problem , " he tweeted . Trump and Xi North Korea is looking North Korea . If China China to help , that would be great . If not , we will solve the problem without them ! the North Korean problem " he not in Trump and Xi second tweet . According to a statement from China China Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Xi reiterated that China China a denuclearized Korean peninsula and called for peace and stability . " China China to resolve the issue through peaceful means , and is willing to maintain communication and coordination with the US on the Korean Peninsula issue , " the statement quoted Xi as saying . The two Xi met for the first time last week at Trump ’s     estate in Florida .   ’A tipping point’ In the wake of the    meeting , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said China understood how dangerous North Korea ’s nuclear program had become and had agreed action must be taken to stop it . China has n’t signaled North Korea’s nuclear program clear China in policy toward its neighbor and Xi ’s language China China ’s usual script on North China   However , Wednesday North Korea’s was the first time China confirmed in detail that the two China had directly discussed North Korea .   Two Chinese statements released North Korea’s the     meeting did n’t mention North Korea by name , even though the country North Korea’s expected to dominate China   On Wednesday , Global Times , a    but provocative tabloid , Wednesday’s an editorial , warning North Korea to " avoid making mistakes at this time . North Korea’s Korea celebrates the birthday of late leader Kim Il Sung on North Korea’s , and Pyongyang often conducts nuclear activities as a " political salute " during the month , the editorial said , warning North Korea that a nuclear test will be an editorial a slap in North Korea’s to the United States and will serve only to intensify the conflict between the two countries and deteriorate North Korea ’s relationship with China . " Presumably Beijing will react strongly to Pyongyang ’s new nuclear actions . China will not remain indifferent to Pyongyang ’s aggravating Pyongyang the UN Security Council resolution China " it said . " Pyongyang more Chinese support the view that the government should enhance sanctions China Pyongyang ’s nuclear activities . If the North makes another provocative move this month , the Chinese Pyongyang be willing to see the UNSC adopt severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before , such as restricting oil imports to the North . " What China wants and fears , Despite the suggestions they might be working more the North , China and the United States have different views on the Korean China .   " China ’s    scenario China what it would really like to happen , would be a liberalized regime in China North , akin to some of the reforms that took place ( in China ) in the 1980s the North introducing economic reform , removing the concentrated power of the Kim family , China Neill said . China sees North Korea as a buffer between its vital economic regions next to the border and South Korea , China its heavy US military presence , said China Delury , an associate professor at Yonsei University .   " North China has always been a very critical and also a very sensitive piece on the chessboard for China , North Korea said . Euan Graham , director of the International Security Program at Sydney ’s Lowy Institute China said the Korean John Delury, an associate professor at Yonsei University was the focus of a " game of chicken " between Trump and Kim     much to China ’s dismay .   " ( Both are ) waiting for the other to blink and you can imagine China China ’s    perspective that could end very badly , " he said . 
 China 