  ( CNN ) Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , the    GOP senator , told CNN) Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator is planning to run for    next year , abandoning Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator plans to quit the chamber after four decades of service . The Utah Republican     who promised in 2012 that Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator current term would be Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator last     said Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator has changed Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator mind at this time , partially because Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator ’s been getting encouragement from President Donald Trump and top Republicans to run again . " I ’m planning on ( running ) right now , " Hatch told CNN Thursday . " That ’s what my current plans are . " Hatch , who will turn 83 later this month and has served in the upper chamber since 1977 , could still change Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator mind again and decide to retire . Asked by reporters later after CNN reported on Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, the   GOP senator remarks , Hatch said : " Well let ’s put it this way : it ’s just too early to make a decision . My intention is to continue to serve Utah . " But Hatch Thursday comments are the firmest signal yet from the most senior Republican senator , who is third in the line of succession to the President as the Senate ’s president pro tempore . a decision comes as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Trump have both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Trump to persuade the powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee to run again . " His the powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee is he the powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee me , " Hatch said of Trump Trump " Things are going to be just fine . " Hatch Hatch as Trump has chosen Trump Huntsman , the former Utah governor , to be his nominee for Hatch to Russia . Some had speculated that Huntsman would have mounted a primary challenge to Hatch in 2018 Hatch But Hatch said he Hatch an Hatch Wednesday with his " longtime Hatch " Huntsman and said Huntsman believed that Hatch    was not going to challenge him . Hatch Hatch he Hatch no Hatch in getting Huntsman the post his "longtime friend" Huntsman do n’t think he would have Hatch run against me , " Hatch said . Hatch He did n’t Hatch want to run for Senate . " Asked if he was preparing Hatch a tough 2018 reelection battle , Hatch said : Hatch Anyone who wants to take me on knows it ’s going to be he was preparing for a tough 2018 reelection battle real ordeal . " This story has been updated to reflect breaking news . 
 