Washington ( CNN ) Republicans are just getting started on Republicans dream of repealing Obamacare , and already , there are fears that things are moving too fast . Some Republicans are cautioning against repealing the Affordable Care Act too quickly and urging the party take the foot off the accelerator . The reason : there ’s no plan on how to replace what they roll back . And while GOP lawmakers are eager to please their GOP lawmakers with headlines of Obamacare ’s repeal , they GOP lawmakers n’t want to be blamed for leaving people without health insurance and chaos in the healthcare market . Sen. John McCain told reporters Tuesday that he Sen. John McCain taking a slower approach to repealing the law , saying he Sen. John McCain " always worried about something that took a long time in the making and we ’ve got to concentrate our we to making sure that we we it right so that nobody ’s left out . " Newt Gingrich , the former Republican House Speaker and a close ally of    Donald Trump , told CNN that a big risk for Republicans is getting blamed for taking away people ’s health coverage . Nightcap : Congress returns   —    with a House GOP stumble | Sign up , " Number one thing ( Republicans ) have to avoid is putting themselves Number one thing (Republicans) a position where Democrats can frighten people     that somehow , they Number one thing (Republicans) n’t have access to health care because of Republicans , " Gingrich said .    Gingrich Gingrich that before Republicans send a bill repealing Obamacare to Trump ’s desk , the party must make real progress on a replacement plan . " They the party to have bridges to give people a sense of comfort that they the party not going to be abandoned , " he Gingrich .       Sen. Rand Paul cited potential insurance market problems if the law is n’t replaced when it the law repealed . " If Congress fails to vote on a replacement at the same time as repeal , the repealers risk assuming the blame for the continued unraveling of Obamacare , " he GOP Sen. Rand Paul in an    Tuesday . " For mark my words , Obamacare will continue to unravel and wreak havoc for years to come . "   These initial hints of anxiety from Republicans foreshadow an internal GOP     on Obamacare Obamacare the coming weeks . For now , party leaders are leaning towards a repeal bill that includes a    or    transition period that would offer a buffer     a strategy that has been dubbed " repeal and delay . " House and Senate Republicans both started procedural efforts Tuesday     the first day of the new session of Congress     that will lead to overhauling Obamacare .    But healthcare experts warn that even if the repeal does n’t go into effect right away , the uncertainty could lead to insurance companies fleeing the marketplace and potentially putting millions of people ’s coverage at risk .     In a clear effort to counter some of the early criticism , leaders of the conservative House Republican Study Committee plan to unveil legislation on Wednesday that they legislation would both repeal and replace Obamacare .   The the conservative House Republican Study Committee plan to unveil legislation on Wednesday previously introduced by GOP Rep. Phil Roe , a physician , and has not been endorsed by leadership . While it is the conservative House Republican Study Committee plan to unveil legislation on Wednesday to emerge as the main Obamacare repeal bill in the House , it marks the conservative House Republican Study Committee plan to unveil legislation on Wednesday effort by conservatives to push back on the suggestion that the party has no replacement plan .    Democrats turn the tables , All of this comes as Democrats are pouncing on the opportunity to turn the tables on Republicans . Lawmakers are planning a PR blitz throughout the month of January , accusing Republicans for possibly putting millions of Americans’ health coverage in jeopardy . Sen. Joe Manchin that repeal and delay approach would result in a " chaotic " scene .   " I ’m just going to caution again , my friends : Do n’t repeal this unless there ’s a bipartisan group , " Manchin said . " And if you do n’t have anything to replace it with , do n’t put repeal on the board . this   House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said on a call Monday that the GOP ’s " repeal and delay " strategy amounts to " an act of cowardice , " and warned that Democrats will play no role in helping their colleagues across the aisle replace the ACA .    " Democrats ’s the old thing of going into a china shop     you break it , you own it , " Pelosi said .   It Sen. Dianne Feinstein It CNN on Tuesday that she is in the process of crafting    on Obamacare , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein the lines of : " Look at what this is going to do to people . "   " That ’s the important thing , " she said . " How many people are going to lose Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein healthcare ? " 
 How many people 