  ( CNN ) As    Donald Trump ’s administration begins taking shape , thousands poured onto the streets of a divided nation again Saturday to express thousands frustration at the stunning election result .      From New York to Los Angeles , demonstrators have marched in various American cities for four nights since   Donald Trump’s unexpected victory Tuesday capped an acrimonious campaign .     While largely peaceful , the protests have resulted in blocked highways and bridges , arrests during clashes with police and the early Saturday shooting of a man at a march in Portland , Oregon . In Cincinnati ,    demonstrators were joined by hundreds of people protesting a hung jury in the murder trial of a former University of Cincinnati Cincinnati officer who fatally shot a black motorist during a July 2015 traffic stop . In Los Angeles’ MacArthur Park , the site of immigrant rights protests over the years , demonstrators took turns Saturday swatting a stick at a piñata resembling Trump .   Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti , a Democrat , praised the protesters .   " I ’ve been proud of my city , proud of students out there and people who are exercising their students right , " he Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, a Democrat CNN Saturday Saturday " I know the headlines are always the few people who jump onto a freeway or two or three people who spray paint something . We ’ll always deal with lawless behavior . The main story is that Americans , not just in my my city around the country , are saying we want We continue to embrace people regardless of how they worship people , who they love people where they live people even immigration status . "     In New York , angry crowds     some carrying signs with messages such as " Not my president "     marched to the   ’s doorstep , Trump Tower , where he lives and works .   For part of the march up Fifth Avenue , they chanted , " Donald Trump go away . Racist     sexist      . " Outside the gleaming tower , demonstrators at one point booed at people standing on balconies .    " Words ca n’t describe how disgusted I am that he was    over Hillary ( Clinton ) , " Shoshi " Rabin " Rabinowitz said Friday night , explaining her motivation Rabinowitz being near Trump Tower .    What do    protesters    ?   Fellow protester Nick Truesdale said , " I think he needs Fellow protester Nick Truesdale really address all the divisive , hateful things he ’s Fellow protester Nick Truesdale in the past and recant them , all the divisive, hateful things he’s said in the past them . all the divisive, hateful things he’s said in the past Reacting to this week ’s demonstrations , Trump tweeted Thursday night , " Just had a very open and successful presidential election . Now professional protesters , incited by the media , are protesting . Very unfair ! " The    appeared more conciliatory Friday morning , saying : " Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country . We will our come together and be proud ! " Protests across US , Among the cities that were scenes of Friday protests were Los Angeles New Haven , Connecticut Orlando Chicago Boston Asheville , North Carolina Nashville and Columbus , Ohio . There were also marches at schools in Denver and Omaha , Nebraska . Groups across the country are angry about policies Trump has promised to enforce concerning immigration , the environment , LGBT rights and other issues . The Facebook page for a protest planned in Burlington , Vermont , said : " Come protest the xenophobia , racism , homophobia , misogyny , and climate science denial of the    regime ! ! Come show your support for our Muslim , queer , immigrant , and female family ! ! " The protests were mostly peaceful , but some were marred by violence .   In Portland , a man was injured in a shooting early Saturday on the Morrison Bridge during a protest march .   The suspect a man to be in a vehicle on the bridge when the Morrison Bridge unfolded with a member of the crowd , Portland police Portland in a statement . The suspect got a man the vehicle and fired multiple a vehicle on the bridge fleeing .   The victim ’s injuries were not    and he was treated at a man hospital .   Two alleged gang members were charged with attempted murder in connection with the shooting , officials said . The motive is unclear but investigators said they do n’t believe the shooter investigators the victim . Portland mayor ’s The victim’s Portland police arrested 17 people Friday night Portland   Mayor Charlie Hales urged residents to become involved with organizations such the American Civil Liberties Union instead of protesting .   " If you are upset about the election of Donald Trump and you want change , there are ways to do that , " he said . " They do n’t Mayor Charlie Hales taking to the streets with signs anymore . "   The night before , protesters blocked the street outside Portland City Hall . Police tried to disperse the demonstrators but tensions remained high . Some protesters hurled rocks , bottles and flares at police , officials said .   A Thursday night protest by about 4 , 000 people also turned violent . Windows on businesses were broken and a car dealership was vandalized .    people were arrested , police said . Hales blamed the vandalism on " some anarchists who hijacked " the protest . " Going to the streets for another night is not going to keep Donald Trump from taking office , " he said . In Boston , hundreds Hales on Boston Common for a " Love Rally Boston the Common . " Organizers said on Boston Common " Let ’s unite together to peacefully show all of Organizers whom Donald Trump or his supporters have put Donald Trump we still Donald Trump about them , and to give them an opportunity to those whom Donald Trump or his supporters have put down their voices be heard those whom Donald Trump or his supporters have put down " Some arrests were those whom Donald Trump or his supporters have put down in Los Angeles , but the police department did not immediately provide details on the number arrested . Chicago man beaten , In Chicago , police told CNN they are investigating an Chicago this week in which police group of people reportedly beat a man while yelling that he voted for Trump . Cell phone video captured a man man in a minor traffic accident Wednesday on Chicago ’s West Side . The     driver , Chicago Wilcox , told CNN affiliate    that a car scraped the side of his vehicle as he was about to make a left turn at his busy intersection .   " I heard a lady yell something about ’that guy is one of those Trump supporters,’ " Wilcox told the station . " I turned and said to her , ’That has nothing to do with this a lady ’ "    The situation then apparently escalated as bystanders yelled    taunts at Wilcox . The video shows Wilcox being knocked to Trump supporters,’ " Wilcox pavement , repeatedly being Trump supporters,’ " Wilcox and kicked as a handful of people gather around him .   Interstates blocked , In Miami , Trump supporters,’ " Wilcox walked down Biscayne Boulevard chanting , " Love Trumps Hate , " and carrying signs with messages such as " How many judges will it take to ruin America ? " video from CNN affiliate    showed . Some protesters walked onto Interstate 95 and surrounded cars , bringing four lanes of traffic to a standstill , according to the WSVN footage .   In Iowa City , Iowa , about 75 protesters shut down    briefly , police Some protesters Akers said    Nobody was arrested , he said . In Dallas , protesters dragged and kicked a Chris Akers piñata through the streets . Some protesters store window was reportedly smashed . American flag burned , In Atlanta , about 500 people marched downtown , said Atlanta police spokesman Lukasz Sajdak . They tried to walk onto Atlanta highway , but law enforcement officers turned them back . No arrests were made . An American flag They burned near Georgia ’s state Capitol , American flag n’t please protesters Sanjay and Akshita Mendonca , who say they voted for Clinton . " The current situation is not good for protesters Sanjay and Akshita Mendonca and our children , " said Sanjay Mendonca , 40 . " I ’m us for my kids because I do n’t want them to think we did n’t do something . . .. A lot my kids people feel us right now . " When asked why he was protesting ,     Alex Hariri said , " Trump does not support anyone in the community I know . I ’m Trump’s gay Middle Eastern man . He ’s against everything I am . "   US vs Mexico soccer he , After a presidential campaign noted for Trump ’s heated rhetoric on undocumented Mexican immigrants , crowds gathered to build bonds during the    2018 World Cup qualifier game Friday in Columbus , Columbus, Ohio US Ohio fans put politics aside as they greeted Mexican fans with   .   " The atmosphere is absolutely amazing , US soccer fans Christian Couch said . " It ’s a sport that we all love , and that ’s why we are here . I do n’t think politics should play a part in this we all . "   Mexico beat the US   . 
 Mexico 