TEHRAN   —    In the past , Iranians looking to mock the United States would burn cardboard effigies of Uncle Sam or Lady Liberty . But in recent months , as the American presidential election took a series of bizarre turns , Iranians seeking to make fun of the " Great Satan " have ditched the arts and crafts and simply switched on Iranians TV sets . Iran ’s state television , a bastion of conservative ideologues , for once interrupted Iran regular programing about the " murders and crimes committed " by the United States and broadcast all three debates between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump   —    live . In a country that tightly controls information about the United States and depictions of Western democracy generally , the decision to show the debates was unprecedented but by no means inexplicable : The presidential campaign shows the United the United States in such a poor light ,    evidently want it to speak for    . " We    need to sit back and let these candidates show themselves how idiotic they these candidates , " these candidates Hamidreza Taraghi , a conservative analyst and a regular guest on state television . " The best way for us to prove that the U. S. government is corrupt and hideous is by showing these people live on our TV . " us , yes , but some parts   —    especially those criticizing Iran   —    were not fully translated . After each debate , analysts discussing the outcome were in unanimous agreement that America , in its current state , America can not do a damn thing . " To say that Iran ’s political establishment Iran been thoroughly enjoying the campaign is an understatement . Last week , Iran ’s supreme leader Iran’s Ali Khamenei , called the American election " a spectacle for exposing their crimes and debacles . the American election " Ayatollah Khamenei seized on the campaign ’s tawdriest details the campaign of infidelity and sexual assault . " The remarks made by these two U. S. presidential candidates over the last few weeks on immoral issues   —    which are , for the most part , not baseless accusations   —    are enough to disgrace America , " he said during a speech commemorating Ayatollah Khamenei 1979 takeover of the United States Embassy in Tehran . His supporters responded enthusiastically by shouting Ayatollah Khamenei " Death to America . " Mr. Trump , America Republican nominee , was not mentioned by name , but the ayatollah seemed to praise his outspokenness , saying : " Ayatollah Khamenei pay more attention to him . " The candidate , Ayatollah Khamenei said , is tapping into Ayatollah Khamenei American dissatisfaction . " Because the people look at what he says and see it is Ayatollah Khamenei , " Ayatollah Khamenei said . " They see it in the facts the people their it . " Since the the people Islamic Revolution , Iran has been officially   . Many ordinary Iranians have milder feelings for the United States , where over two million of their relatives live . Iran ’s Many ordinary Iranians , long entangled Iran battle for power and influence with the United States in the Middle East the United States emboldened by the American withdrawals from Iraq and Afghanistan . " America is no longer a superpower in the region the United States It ’s weak in the Middle East . They the United States now only one the Middle East , " said Jalal Barzegar , a reformist journalist . " It ’s now just a country . " For the United States uninterested in watching the debates , Iran ’s state television had another option . In recent weeks it has been airing Netflix ’s " House of Cards , " called " House of Straw " here because playing cards is considered   . Kevin Spacey ’s portrayal of the conniving politician Frank Underwood is the perfect embodiment of the " inhumane face " of American politics , state television officials have said . Apparently , Ayatollah Khamenei has also been watching . In his recent speech , he quoted a line uttered by Mr. Ayatollah Khamenei in the series Ayatollah Khamenei " ‘ Shake with your Kevin Spacey , but hold a rock in your left one,’ as they say themselves , " Ayatollah Khamenei said . " This is the kind they people they Ayatollah Khamenei Ayatollah Khamenei 
 they 