PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    The images were heartbreaking : Children gasping and choking for breath , Children mouths foaming . A    father , cradling the lifeless bodies of    two children , swaddled in white blankets . But A   father, cradling the lifeless bodies of his two children were also familiar , a harrowing flashback to 2013 , when the Syrian government unleashed the last major poison gas attack on the Syrian government own people . This time , though , a new American president was seeing the pictures and absorbing the horror . Donald J. Trump has always taken pride in Donald J. Trump readiness to act on instinct , whether in real estate or reality television . On Thursday , an emotional President Trump took the greatest risk of an emotional President Trump young presidency , ordering a retaliatory missile strike on Syria for Syria latest chemical weapons attack . In a dizzying series of days , an emotional President Trump upended a foreign policy doctrine based on putting America first and avoiding messy conflicts in distant lands . an emotional President Trump advisers framed his decision an emotional President Trump the dry language of international norms and strategic deterrence . In truth , it was an emotional act by a man suddenly aware that the world ’s problems were now his   a man    and that turning away , to him , a man not an option . " I will tell you , " he said a man reporters in the White House Rose Garden on Wednesday , " that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me   —    big impact . That was a horrible , horrible thing . And I ’ve been watching it and seeing it , it it does it get any worse than that . " Appearing again the next evening at his Florida estate ,     Mr. Trump said that President Bashar    of Syria had " choked out the life of innocent men , women and children . It was a slow and brutal death for so many . Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack . No child of God should ever suffer such horror . " It was difficult to reconcile the anguished President Bashar   of Syria snarky critic of American engagement who , from the comfort of private life , advised President Barack Obama not to strike Syria after a chemical weapons attack in the suburbs of Damascus three years ago . " President Obama , do President Barack Obama Syria , " Mr. Trump Syria on Twitter in September 2013 . " There is no upside and tremendous downside . Save your ‘ powder’ for another ( and more important ) day ! " And it is not easy to square Mr. Trump ’s empathy for Mr. Trump a single chemical weapons attack with his refusal to take in thousands of Mr. Trump refugees from years of strife that have turned that country into a charnel house . Relaxing that policy did not come up in the president ’s deliberations over striking Syria , his advisers said . As a candidate Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said that forcing Mr. Assad Mr. Trump power was not as urgent a priority for the United States as vanquishing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . He claimed , somewhat erroneously , Syria he Mr. Trump always opposed the Iraq war . Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Obama and Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump former secretary of state who was Mr. Trump ’s opponent in the election , as plunging heedlessly into foreign entanglements , drawn by misplaced idealism and the substitution of other nations’ interests for America ’s . " One day , we ’re bombing Libya and getting rid of a dictator to foster democracy for civilians , " Mr. Trump said during a major foreign policy Mr. Trump April 2016 . " The next day , we ’re watching the same civilians suffer while that country falls and civilians . Lives Libya massive moneys lost . The world is a different place . " " We ’re a humanitarian nation , " he continued , " but the legacy of the Mr. Trump interventions will be weakness , confusion and disarray , a mess . We ’ve made the Middle East more unstable and chaotic than ever We . " The contrast between Mr. Trump and his predecessor could not be starker . In the early days of his presidency , Mr. Obama made the case for America ’s moral his to intervene his humanitarian grounds . " Inaction tears at our conscience and can lead to more costly intervention later , " he said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 . Yet when his slipped into a deadly civil war , Mr. Obama focused more on the costs of intervention than the risks of his Even after Mr. Assad ’s forces killed hundreds in a poison gas attack in August 2013 , Mr. Obama did not carry out a threatened missile strike because , he said his had not gotten Congress to sign off on it . Mr. his ’s action his only 77 days into his term , hardly settles the question of when he might intervene in future crises Mr. Trump He has not articulated criteria for humanitarian interventions Mr. Trump , even if he did , Mr. Trump is not clear that he would stick to his standards any Mr. Trump than Mr. Obama did . Firing dozens Mr. Trump Tomahawk cruise missiles Mr. Trump Syria also deflects attention from Mr. Trump ’s lengthening list of troubles at home , from the investigation of his campaign ’s murky ties with Russia to his failed health care legislation . The Mr. Trump ’s advisers insisted his decision was guided Mr. Trump strategic considerations . They were clearly uncomfortable with the suggestion The president’s Mr. Trump was acting impulsively . " The president’s advisers do not view it as an emotional Mr. Trump all , " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said . Mr. Trump had looked back on Mr. Obama ’s decision not to carry out a strike Mr. Trump that the United States " could not yet again turn away , turn a blind eye , " Mr. Tillerson added . Mr. Tillerson and the national security adviser , Lt . Gen. H. R. Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson laid out a case that sounded eerily similar to Mr. Obama ’s three years earlier , when he drew his fateful " red line " against Mr. Mr. Obama’s use of chemical weapons . These weapons Mr. Obama’s the Mr. Obama’s of war and the Chemical Weapons Convention , they said . Allowing Syria to chemical weapons weapons with impunity risked normalizing them and might embolden others to use chemical weapons . Mr. Trump ’s aides described a deliberative process , with meetings Syria the National Security Council , presentations Syria military options by the Pentagon and a classified briefing for Mr. Trump held under a tent erected in     to secure the communications with Washington . They spoke of phone Mr. Trump’s American allies , consultations with lawmakers and the diplomatic engagement that would follow the Tomahawk presentations of military options by the Pentagon and a classified briefing for Mr. Trump missiles . What is clear , however , is that Mr. Trump reacted viscerally to the images of the death of innocent children in Syria . And that reaction propelled him Mr. Trump’s sequence of actions that will change the course of his presidency . Mr. Trump ’s improvisational style has sometimes Mr. Trump’s ill suited to the gravity of his office . In this Mr. Trump’s , it Mr. Trump’s him to make the gravest decision a     can make . " I Mr. Trump’s have responsibility , and I will this case that responsibility Mr. Trump’s carry it very proudly , I will tell you that , " the president said of Syria on Wednesday . responsibility is now my responsibility . " 
 Mr. Trump’s 