  ( CNN ) It may be Tiffany Trump ’s turn to join the family real estate business .   Tiffany Trump ’s youngest daughter , 23 , joined brothers Donald Jr. Eric , and     Vanessa and Lara at the grand opening of Trump International Hotel Vancouver Tuesday , according to an Instagram story posting she made . Brother Donald Jr. hinted that his sister Brother Donald Jr. have a future in the Trump Organization . " Tiffany , soon to be within the organization the Trump Organization always great to have you with us , " he said Brother Donald Jr. brief remarks at the Canadian hotel ’s launch , according to CNN affiliate CTV . He later Brother Donald Jr. his siblings Brother Donald Jr. Eric and Tiffany , clad in a black dress and headband , for a red ribbon cutting ceremony . Her brothers wore dark suits with ties . Tiffany , Trump ’s daughter with Marla Maples , is also actively in the process of applying to law school . She graduated from daughter with Marla Maples father ’s daughter with Marla Maples mater , the University of Pennsylvania , in 2016 , and now lives in New York .   A Trump Organization spokesperson said there " are no immediate plans for Tiffany to join the company . " " The Trump Organization Trump Organization be a family business with an incredibly strong bond . While there are no immediate plans for Tiffany to join the company Tiffany she is the company to Tiffany school , the family looks forward to her potentially joining the business Tiffany the future if she chooses , " the Tiffany said . Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. took over control of the Trump Organization from their father when he assumed office Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. January . Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. " We ’ve seen a lot of Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. businesses , they ’re sort of binary . Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. either works great or it ’s a total disaster . It it ’s usually a disaster , It I could n’t work with a better guy , and it ’s been awesome to be It to do and launch yet another one of these , " Trump Jr. said of his brother Donald Trump Jr. , in Vancouver Donald Trump Jr. .   Ivanka Trump , the President ’s eldest daughter , was also actively involved in the Trump Organization as vice president of development and acquisitions . She took a formal leave of absence Ivanka Trump, the President’s eldest daughter the organization , as well as her the Trump Organization , in January . Ivanka Trump, the President’s eldest daughter husband , Jared Kushner , serves Ivanka Trump, the President’s eldest daughter senior adviser to the President , and they moved to the President New York with their Her husband, Jared Kushner young children . 
 Her husband, Jared Kushner 