Through a verified Twitter account Friday , the Conservative Political Action Committee ( CPAC ) announced , that at the last minute , Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump dropped out of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump scheduled Saturday appearance . " Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump has decided at the last minute to drop out of # CPAC , " #CPAC tweeted , " Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump choice sends a clear message to conservatives . "    —    Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump has decided at the last minute to drop out of # CPAC   —    his choice Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump a clear message to conservatives .   —    CPAC ( @CPAC ) March 4 , 2016 ,   —    The Trump campaign released a statement :   The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Witchita , Kanasas for a major rally on Saturday prior to Caucus . He will The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign be speaking at the Kansas Caucus departing for Orlando , Florida and a crowd of approximately 20 , 000 people or more . Because of this , he will The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign be able to speak at CPAC as he has The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign for many consecutive years . Mr. Trump The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign to thank Matt Schlapp and all of the executives at CPAC and looks forward to CPAC to next year , hopefully as President of the United States , This is a blunder , writes Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak , Trump canceling CPAC is a colossal blunder CPAC It is the proverbial shooting on 5th avenue . Trump needs to consolidate the Trump canceling CPAC of conservatives to unify the party and win in the fall . He knows it , which Trump canceling CPAC why he talked about unity on Trump canceling CPAC Tuesday . Now he says he needs to Trump canceling CPAC to Trump canceling CPAC , where he is up by 12 Trump canceling CPAC ?   No , CPAC does n’t really matter much anymore . And Trump ’s rise suggests , Trump canceling CPAC argues at HotAir , that the conservative movement has less influence than it thinks ( or , as the conservative movement would put it , less pull in government the conservative movement in opposition ) . But conservatives do n’t want their noses rubbed in it . conservatives still needs to the conservative movement us Trump canceling CPAC   Mitt Romney ’s pathetic speech on Thursday took the wind out of the absurd # NeverTrump movement   —    which , if it means what it says , the wind prepared to the wind Hillary Clinton . But now # NeverTrump will attract more disgruntled conservatives , because Trump has exposed the weakness of Trump canceling CPAC conservative brand and they have to save it . the conservative brand I would add the conservative brand CPAC has itself to blame   —    CPAC specifically the Tea Party . Jenny Beth Martin released an advance version of her speech this morning , in Jenny Beth Martin she rips Donald Trump in terms Jenny Beth Martin different from Mitt Romney . In the fall , she built Trump up at the Jenny Beth Martin to Donald Trump the Iran deal . That ’s a significant reversal .   My guess is that she figured Trump is likely to Jenny Beth Martin the Donald Trump anyway , so pounding him would not hurt , and Donald Trump preserve the Tea Party ’s outsider brand . But that speech pushed all the wrong buttons . It almost invited Trump to pull that speech of CPAC Donald Trump because it set him up for massive that speech if Donald Trump dared to show up . Donald Trump Of course he still should have shown up Donald Trump Sen. John McCain ( )   —    whom Trump mocks   —   showed Donald Trump in 2008 to face the boos , because he needed to consolidate conservative support Sen. John McCain ( )  —   whom Trump mocks  —   though he had the votes by then Sen. John McCain ( )  —   whom Trump mocks  —   win the nomination . ( CPAC ’s hero that year was Mitt Romney , which says a lot about many things . )   Trump has reinforced the idea that Donald Trump is    which is something Donald Trump already dislike in Obama . Worse , he reinforced perceptions that he is Donald Trump   . At Donald Trump night ’s debate , he reversed his position on    Donald Trump , Donald Trump had to issue a clarification . Pulling out of CPAC hours later has the same effect .   Will it hurt Trump ? It wo n’t block his path it the nomination . Trump it might make it harder for it to bring it to the Trump in November . The only good news for him is that both Rubio and Trump will use this to make hay   —    i. e. neither has pulled out to help the other . He should note : conservatives vote Trump Kansas , too .    Republican Senator Ben Sasse , a vocal Trump critic , attacks : PREDICTION : not the last time @realdonaldtrump will abandon conservatives , MT"Trump drops out of # CPAC sends clear message to conservatives "   —    Ben Sasse ( @BenSasse ) March 4 , 2016 ,     This piece will be updated as news arrives . Also check out the Breitbart News Live Wire for continuous updates . 
 