Donald Trump ’s education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos joined Donald Trump for a " Thank You " rally in education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos home state of Michigan , where education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos told the crowd making education great again means " finally putting an end to the federal Common Core . " [ Donald Trump ’s pick is the former chair of the Michigan Republican Party and one of the Michigan Republican Party ’s most influential donors . education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos is a proponent of charter schools and school vouchers .   " In deference to the U. S. Senate confirmation , I ’m not giving interviews , but just between us let me share this , " education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos said to the crowd , speaking from prepared remarks . " It ’s time to make education great again in this country . " Mlive . com reports education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos initially had planned to skip Trump ’s stop in Grand Rapids . The report states : education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos family spokesman John Truscott said earlier this week that preparing for those hearings would keep her DeVos family spokesman John Truscott busy to attend Friday ’s event . But only a day later , Truscott DeVos family spokesman John Truscott her DeVos family spokesman John Truscott at the Friday’s event more uncertain . " It ’s kind of up in the air , " Truscott DeVos family spokesman John Truscott on Wednesday , Dec. 7 . " It ’s It . But nothing is set in stone . " But on the afternoon of the event Friday’s event DeVos family spokesman John Truscott that both Betsy and Dick DeVos would be attending alongside Dick ’s parents , Richard and Helen DeVos . During her address , Betsy charged the Dick DeVos with spreading " false news " about her . " Dick DeVos I ask for is an open mind and the opportunity to share my heart , " she said to Betsy in attendance . " I ’ve been involved in education issues for 28 years , as an activist , a    and an advocate for children . " DeVos told the Dick DeVos it was time to put " kids first every single day . " She added , Dick DeVos This means expanding choices and options to give every child the opportunity for a quality education regardless of their zip code or their family circumstances their This means letting states set their own high states and finally putting an end to the federalized Common Core . " DeVos said , " It wo n’t be Washington , D. C. that unlocks that potential " in each child , and continued : It wo n’t It a giant bureaucracy or a federal department . Nope . The answer is n’t bigger government . The answer is The answer . It ’s listening to The answer and it ’s giving more The answer . And if I ’m fortunate enough to be confirmed as your secretary of education , our kids , your kids will have someone fighting for them every single day your kids Prior to introducing DeVos , Trump said the choice of education secretary was one of his " most important Trump , " and that DeVos was one of DeVos " top education reformers in our nation , someone   …     who has devoted decades to helping disadvantaged students . " " We ’re going to reform our broken education system We put students and families first , " he said . Trump Trump his administration Trump " Trump plan includes eliminating Common Core , bringing education local , and providing school choice . " He continued that all Trump should be " able to attend the public , private , charter , magnet , or religious school that is right for them . " DeVos all children not a supporter of Trump until he began Trump the DeVos of school choice on the campaign trail . A member of the board of directors of Jeb Bush ’s Foundation for Excellence in Education , DeVos brought her support DeVos Sen. DeVos Rubio once Bush exited the primary Jeb Bush . At the Republican National Convention in July , she was an    DeVos for Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Ultimately , according to the Washington Post , DeVos and her family DeVos a DeVos of $ 1 . 8 million to the Republican Party and the Trump campaign . 
 