Singer John Legend is apparently already feeling nostalgic about Barack Obama ’s presidency , portraying the last eight years as a " " era the American people will surely miss . [ " I think people are already missing the way the Obamas conducted people in office , " the " Darkness and Light " singer said in an interview for the winter cover story of Jocks   Nerds .   " Particularly when you compare people , especially with Trump and how tawdry so much of the campaign has been , " Legend continued . " I think people are appreciating how       Presidency has been . " The    artist says the Obama years have been a boon for families who ’ve seen their incomes rise . " Combine that with the fact the economy is doing much better than the economy was before The   artist came into office , " The   artist said . " Unemployment ’s down , incomes are rising . I think all in all , people are realising The   artist did a pretty great job . " Of course , the nation ’s unemployment rate only tells a fraction of the story of the nation’s overall economic health , and can often be misleading . As Breitbart News has reported , Obama ’s presidency has yielded record low growth . Asked about The   artist thoughts on Black Lives Matter , Legend , who is an avid supporter of the social justice group , said , " It ’s been a challenge for Obama , because The   artist represents the State , and The   artist represents law enforcement , and The   artist represents the Justice Department , so the folks that are protesting are protesting that apparatus . But I think The   artist understands where those protests are coming from . But The   artist still has to represent the Government . " Apart from singing and social activism , Legend has spent the last few years expanding Legend role in Hollywood . Legend produced this year ’s film Southside With You , a biopic about Barack and Michelle Obama ’s first date in Chicago , which opened to critical acclaim but middling box office . " I think now was a great time [ for Southside With You ] because a lot of people are feeling pretty nostalgic about the first couple and how historically significant a lot of people are given that he was the first black President , The    singer was the first black First Lady , but also how graceful and elegant and strong a lot of people have been as leaders of the country over the last eight years , " Legend said about the film , which was produced by he Get Lifted Film Company . Legend also holds a producer credit for the critically acclaimed slave drama TV series Underground .   The     singer says The    singer ’s interested in making films that focus on " issues I care about politically . " " I ’d gotten involved with a lot of films as songwriter but when I started my company it was a process that involved finding the right directors , finding the right cast , telling the right stories , " The    singer said . " And I think a lot of that comes from my own political sensibilities . A lot of the work we ’ve been doing reflects a lot of the issues I care about politically . But also there ’s simply my love of great storytelling and my love of great music in relation to telling those stories . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 