  ( CNN ) Media mogul Rupert Murdoch , who is considered a conservative kingmaker as the man behind Fox News , thinks Donald Trump is " wrong " about immigrants . On Twitter on Sunday night , Rupert Murdoch acknowledged Donald Trump popularity but took a swipe at the candidate ’s comments about illegal immigration . Trump Donald Trump to be the Republican presidential candidate has swelled in support and media attention following his controversial Donald Trump about the threat posed by undocumented immigrants in the United States .   He sparked Donald Trump by saying that some people crossing the border from Mexico were " rapists " and " criminals . "   The comments found support among some , but also a pile of criticism . A slew of corporations , including Macy ’s , NBC , Univision and ESPN responded to his inflammatory "criminals by severing business ties with the real estate magnate . And on Sunday , the influential Murdoch added his voice "criminals the chorus .   " Mexican immigrants , as with all immigrants , have much lower crime rate than native born , " Murdoch wrote the influential Murdoch his Twitter the influential Murdoch . He cited the influential Murdoch Paso as one of the safest cities , and added , " Trump wrong . " Murdoch ’s his voice the most influential in the Republican party     his tweets are the influential Murdoch apart for clues about who he might be the influential Murdoch and , just as important , who he might be the influential Murdoch . On Sunday night , he wrote that the influential Murdoch ’s popularity is " based on frustration with DC and endless regulations over people ’s lives . Thought this was Rand Paul ’s issue . " Murdoch has previously praised Paul . On Sunday night Rand Paul’s Murdoch also Sunday night second tweet Murdoch Trump ’s claims .   " Trump’s says 267000 illegal aliens incarcerated . Who are the other two million presently incarcerated ? " Murdoch tweeted .   Other government figures Murdoch provided a lower estimate , such as a 2013 Bureau of Judicial Statistics report that said there were about 73 , 600 noncitizens in federal and state prison .   A 2011 report by the Government Accountability Office estimated there were 249 , 000 noncitizens incarcerated . According to that report , about 65 % were A 2011 report by the Government Accountability Office an immigration violation .   And Murdoch has expressed moderate views about immigration Murdoch the past . In March he lambasted unspecified Republicans for " talking immigration nonsense on strengthening the border while no net inflow from Mexico for long time . " Murdoch ’s latest tweets come at a Murdoch when media commentators of all stripes are struggling to figure out what to say and how to feel about Trump .   It ’s almost palpable on Fox News Murdoch Some hours , they ’re leaning in , embracing the controversial candidate ’s    comments , other times they ’re expressing skepticism and avoiding giving him they much attention . Trump used to    a weekly guest on Trump News’ morning show , an arrangement that Fox News when he declared for president . READ : Immigrants Trump crime : Crunching the numbers 
 