  ( CNN ) After seeing advertisements for what was described as a " Kushner event featuring Jared ’s sister , " a Canadian reporter decided to attend . Then a Canadian reporter was asked to leave . At the event , Emily Rauhala , a    correspondent for the Washington Post , was seated apart from a Canadian reporter colleague , who faced similar resistance from the hosts . " Some of a Canadian reporter footage and audio was deleted by the event organizers on the Chinese side , " a Canadian reporter told Anderson Cooper on Monday evening . " They actually deleted a Canadian reporter recordings ? " Anderson Cooper asked Anderson Cooper guest , who joined the program via Skype . " That ’s right , " Rauhala said , noting that while such a practice is " inexcusable , " it ’s " also rather common in China when people get nervous about the press . " During the event , Nicole Kushner Meyer , the sister of White House adviser and President Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , mentioned her brother ’s new role in the administration while making a pitch to invest in her family ’s property . The New Jersey building makes use of an    visa program to draw in international investors , including the Chinese . Kushner Companies later apologized for the name drop , and said The New Jersey building was not intended to be an ’attempt to lure investors’ to one of The New Jersey building projects in New Jersey . Though Kushner Meyer did n’t directly connect the event to either her brother or the Trump administration while Rauhala was in the room , the Washington Post journalist told Cooper the message was clear . " This was presented as a Kushner family event , " she Cooper . " I later heard from another reporter     who tweeted a picture     that there was indeed a picture of President Trump . .. on a slide that said ’key decision makers . ’ " The a Kushner family event meant to draw investors for 1 Journal Square , a $ 976 . 4 million residential and commercial project underway in New Jersey . The company 4 million residential and commercial project 15 % of it will be 4 million residential and commercial project through the    program . " The Trump name President Trump what was the draw , " Rauhala told Cooper . " The event a Kushner family event lot of interest on the Chinese side precisely because of the connection to Trump . " President Trump : This story has been updated to accurately identify Rauhala ’s nationality . 
 