Charlotte , North Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump earlier this week said the " shackles " have been taken off Donald Trump campaign     and on Friday , Donald Trump cast aside one of the foremost symbols of a disciplined presidential bid : Donald Trump teleprompters . Reverting back to the days of Donald Trump insurgent bid for the Republican nomination , Donald Trump knocked over the teleprompters beside Donald Trump on stage and went back to Donald Trump     style . " the teleprompters beside him have n’t been working for 20 minutes . And I actually like my speeches without the the teleprompters beside him " Trump said before grabbing one of the stands holding up the teleprompter panel to his right Trump which had toppled over . " Get this thing out of here ! " he shouted Trump Moments later , both teleprompters the teleprompters beside him from the stage of the candidate who had long resisted delivering speeches off a teleprompter before giving in two months ago . Since    Trump has Trump Trump speech with teleprompters on stage . " I like teleprompters . They ’re fine . But it ’s sort of cooler without it , do n’t it think ? I like it better without , it Trump said Friday , Trump adding he was having " Trump much fun without these damn teleprompters ! " The Republican nominee ’s decision was his second act of The Republican nominee on Friday , a day Friday spent mostly fuming Trump allegations of groping and unwanted kissing that are threatening to destroy his campaign . During The Republican nominee earlier rally , Trump dismissed his campaign Trump wishes Trump him to talk about Trump issues and not address the sexual assault and misconduct allegations he is facing     Trump then he did just that Trump His campaign manager Kellyanne Conway incident on Friday .   " You know we let Trump be Trump , Trump she Trump . " It ’s the end Trump be Trump teleprompters for tonight . " Asked if Trump would be back Trump the teleprompters at his next rally , Trump muttered " who knows " before offering a     comment : " He ’s always on Trump , do n’t you think ? " Conway declined to say whether she was bothered Conway Trump continuing to focus Conway the sexual assault allegations plaguing his campaign , but Trump that Trump said Friday evening Trump wanted to talk Trump about the allegations . " I ’m glad he the sexual assault allegations plaguing his campaign talking Trump voters because one candidate should be , " Conway said in a shot at Trump ’s Conway , Trump , who has had a light campaign schedule this week . But confronted with the fact that Trump spent much of Friday Trump about the allegations against him , Conway shrugged off Trump question and walked away from Conway group of reporters questioning her . 
 Conway 