  ( CNN ) Today is Tax Day , so if you ’ve procrastinated on filing with the IRS , well , you ’ve got work to do . Here ’s what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . ( You can also get " 5 Things You Need to Know Today " delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . ) 1 . North Korea , A North Korean UN official warned of nuclear war breaking out if tensions do n’t ease between A North Korean UN official country and the US . Now , we ’re used to war rhetoric of all kinds from the North Koreans , but the Trump administration ’s recent moves     saying the Trump administration was ending the policy of " strategic patience " and sending an aircraft    strike group to the Korean peninsula     has caused the North to up the ante in the Trump administration tough talk . Meanwhile , the Trump administration seems to be dangling a carrot of better trade terms in front of China in an effort to coax the Chinese to exert more influence on North Korea . That ’s raising eyebrows because That represents a break from    policy past administrations have kept trade and North Korea separate in dealing with China .   2 . Facebook killing , The search for Steve Stephens has expanded . Police across the nation are looking for Stephens , who ’s accused of shooting to death an elderly man and then posting the killing on Facebook Facebook Relatives of the victim , Robert Godwin Sr . said they Relatives of the victim, Robert Godwin Sr the alleged shooter because that ’s what Godwin would have wanted . The horrific footage of Godwin Godwin shot down on a Cleveland sidewalk was up on Facebook Facebook hours before it was taken down , causing many to wonder why it it the social media giant so long to remove violent material . A Facebook VP says the A Facebook VP it needs A Facebook VP to do better . "    3 . Donald Trump Travel , His veep Donald Trump Travel in Asia . His secretary Donald Trump Travel state just got back from Russia . His national His secretary of state adviser is in Afghanistan . Even his His national security adviser to the Middle East . But the one member of the Trump administration who has n’t been abroad yet     is Trump himself . The President has split his Trump himself the White House Trump himself his     resort since his inauguration Trump himself with just a Trump himself of domestic stops for rallies and such . At this point in their terms , most presidents have at least taken a trip to visit our allies north or south of the border . But Trump plans to keep his foreign excursions to a minimum Trump reportedly to not distract his focus on domestic issues . Trump month , however , he will go to Brussels for Trump NATO meeting and to Italy for a Group of 7 confab . 4 . Arkansas executions , Arkansas did n’t execute an inmate Arkansas night because the US Supreme Court did n’t override a stay of execution . The inmate , Don Davis , had even been given his last meal , but he The inmate, Don Davis escaped death     for The inmate, Don Davis . Davis and another inmate , Bruce Ward , were both granted stays by the Arkansas Davis and another inmate, Bruce Ward Court . They the US Supreme Court inmates due to be Davis and another inmate, Bruce Ward this month     just before a key lethal injection drug expires . A federal judge had stopped all the executions , but an appeals court over the weekend overturned that ruling . So what happens now ? The attorney for Davis and Ward requested the stays until the US Davis Court rules on inmate access to the US Supreme Court . Arguments in that case are set for next week . 5 . Syria bombing , A human rights group is accusing the US of dropping bombs on a mosque in northern Syria , killing dozens of worshippers . A new report from Human Rights Watch claims the US airstrike in Aleppo last month killed at least 40 people . But the military says what it actually hit was a meeting of al Qaeda terrorists in a the military 50 feet away from the mosque . The United States has targeted al Qaeda fighters in a mosque in northern Syria past strikes . The Pentagon said 10 al Qaeda operatives were killed in February near Idlib .     BREAKFAST BROWSE , al Qaeda talking about these . Read up . Join in . Doomsday digs , What ’s your housing plan for the apocalypse ? An underground cellar in the backyard ? That ’s cute . Here ’s how the 1 % plans to ride out the end of time . No . 261 , Fifty years ago , she became the first woman to officially run the Boston Marathon . Yesterday , she crossed the finish line wearing the same bib number . Snap decision , When she bomb exploded , this photographer in Syria took action instead of taking photos . What ’s old is new , Say hello to the world ’s new oldest woman ,    Brown of Jamaica . Her secret ? Do n’t drink rum . TODAY ’S NUMBER , $ 2 . she billion , That ’s how much Uber lost last year . Yeah , that ’s billion with " b. " AND FINALLY   . .. The King of Twirl , When your    neighbor pulls a stake out of a fence and puts on a    clinic . It ’s why cell phone cameras were made . ( Click to    ) 
 