  ( CNN ) The Georgia special election was the Democrats’ best chance so far this year to flip a House seat and score a victory for the    resistance . Jon Ossoff ’s defeat is a major blow to    liberal momentum and activism , to which GOP voters in the South responded , " Frankly my dear , I do n’t give a damn . " While the narrow GOP victory in Georgia ’s 6th Congressional District     a historically solid red district , and my home district     can be viewed as a subtle rebuke of President Donald Trump , a win is a win . Karen Handel proved that hard work pays off and voters ca n’t be bought . More than $ 50 million was spent in the special election to replace Republican Tom Price , who resigned earlier this year to become Secretary of Health and Human Services , and the race had become a proxy for the national political climate and a test of GOP might in the early months of the Trump presidency .    Voters were inundated with phone calls and television ads like never before . Growing up in suburban Atlanta as a     junkie , I remember " Hammerin’ " Hank Aaron hitting number 715 in 1974 , Newt Gingrich being sworn in as Congressman in 1979 , and CNN launching the first    news channel in 1980 . All three events were historical home runs .   But politically speaking , Newt Gingrich blazed a GOP trail in the 6th district that will take a lot more than the Democrat resistance to extinguish .   At the presidential level , 6th district voters in Georgia have voted solidly Republican for years .   George W. Bush won the 6th district by more than 40 points , McCain by 25 , Romney by 23 . The drop came last year President Trump barely won , beating Hillary Clinton by just one point .    This is when the Democrats began to see their the Democrats to capture a GOP House seat .   They the Democrats hoping   Ossoff would be their the Democrats of Scott Brown of Massachusetts ( Brown , a Republican , was a relative unknown who captured the seat of the late Ted Kennedy in 2009 ) .    Georgia ’s 6th district is the most solid GOP area of the state .   On average , voters have a higher education and income level .   They voters    voters who were turned off by Trump ’s tone , and therefore tuned in to the message of candidates seeking to represent them voters Washington .   But in the GOP primary , Handel made it clear that she Handel a conservative leader who will be a check and balance , not a rubber stamp , on the Trump administration .   Given Trump Trump’s victory , Handel ’s Handel wise . She campaigned on Handel taxes , repealing and replacing Obamacare and strengthening national security . Ossoff ran a smart campaign and understood the need to appear as a moderate .   The reality is he is a Ossoff liberal .   He supported mandatory Ossoff wage , funding for Planned Parenthood and believes climate change will lead to a worldwide catastrophe . These policies do n’t resonate with many 6th district voters .   In addition to that , Ossoff did not Ossoff in the district and received 95 % of his campaign money Ossoff outside the district . the district lives in the district and in the district , voters likely respected her service as Georgia ’s Handel of State and her term on the Fulton Handel Board of Commissioners .  
 