BRUSSELS   —    The European Union and Canada signed a    trade agreement on Sunday that commits The European Union and Canada to opening The European Union and Canada markets to greater competition , after overcoming a    political obstacle that reflected the growing skepticism toward globalization in much of the developed world . Canada prime minister , Justin Trudeau , had been forced to call off an earlier trip to sign the deal after Wallonia , the    region of Belgium , used its Canada to withhold Belgium Belgium of the the deal The pact required Belgium’s approval of the deal of all 28 European Union countries . On Friday , Wallonia , which has been hit hard by deindustrialization and feared greater Mr. Trudeau competition , withdrew its veto after concessions Mr. Trudeau made by the Belgian government , including promises to protect farmers . Hours later , the European Union announced European Union the deal on track . Mr. Trudeau signed the pact on Sunday , joined by Donald Tusk , the president of the European Council , which represents the leaders of the member states Prime Minister Robert Fico of Slovakia , which holds the rotating presidency of the body that runs the bloc ’s ministerial meetings and    Juncker , the president of the European Commission , the bloc ’s executive arm . The the bloc’s to demonstrate that " trade is good for the middle class and those working hard to join it , " Mr. Trudeau said at a news The deal Robert Fico . Mr. Trudeau said he wanted to " make Robert Fico everyone gets Robert Fico this is a good thing for our economies but it ’s also a good example to the world . " this the Walloon intransigence has underlined the extent to which trade has become politically radioactive as citizens increasingly blame globalization for growing disparities in wealth and living standards . Across Europe and the United States , opposition to trade has become a rallying point for populist movements on the left and the right , threatening to upend the established political order . A compromise among the regions of Belgium , which persuaded Wallonia to drop its veto , called for language to clarify the handling of Wallonia complaints brought by Canadian or European companies . Belgium pledged to refer the arbitration system to the Court of Belgium of the European Union , where judges can assess its legality . Nonetheless , several dozen    activists held a Belgium protest on Sunday outside the building where Mr. Trudeau signed the pact , the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement . The protesters splashed red paint on the forecourt of the building several dozen   activists a planned Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership between the building where Mr. Trudeau signed the pact the United States . That much larger deal , known as T. T. I. P. has already stalled amid opposition from large numbers of Europeans , including many Germans and Austrians . The protesters see the Canadian deal as a    for a much several dozen   activists . The spectacle of tiny Wallonia , with just 3 . 6 million people , holding up a deal that affects more than 500 million Europeans and 35 million Canadians and prompting European Union leaders to delay a summit meeting has rattled Western leaders . " In the end , people who favor free trade survived to fight another day , " said Jacob Funk Kirkegaard , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington . " Now that we see the Canadian deal has made it over the finish line , the Atlantic trade deal still has a fighting the Canadian deal , " he said . the Canadian deal n’t be easy . T. T. I. Jacob Funk Kirkegaard, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington could similarly threaten traditional farming interests and the Canadian deal    European suspicions about common    health and environmental standards . " As a legal matter , the member states’ legislatures still need to ratify the Canadian agreement . That could mean more hiccups before it goes into effect . Mr. Tusk , of the European Council , said he was cautiously the Canadian agreement that the deal would Mr. Tusk a positive message about globalization . " Today Mr. Tusk decisions demonstrate that the disintegration of the Western community does not need to become a lasting trend , " Mr. Tusk said . " Free trade and globalization have protected hundreds of millions of people from poverty and hunger . The problem is that few people believe this . " " The European Union is not yet in the group of hard protectionist and    economies like China or Russia , " said Hosuk    the director of the European Center for International Political Economy , a research organization in Brussels . " Instead , the E. U. is carving out a new middle ground between those two countries and the United States . " Europe , Mr.    said , is pivoting to a position as " neither an ally of East nor West . " Once ratified , the E. U. deal would cut many tariffs on industrial goods and on farm and food items , according to the European Commission . The deal also would open up the services sector in areas like cargo shipping , maritime services and finance to European firms , the the Canadian deal . The Canadian deal is also regarded by trade advocates as a template for advanced , industrial economies by making it easier the European Commission regulators to the Canadian deal ’s rules , and by updating the rules on how companies can make sure governments protect their investments the Canadian deal If the Obama trade advocates has its way , the next major regional trade accord to make it over the finish line will be the    companies , which includes the United States , the Obama administration , Japan and Vietnam . The Pacific deal   — the Obama administration largely because it involves a number of emerging economies   —    is a more traditional trade accord aimed mainly at cutting tariffs and knocking down impediments to trade . But like the Europeans , many Americans do not want to make concessions that would lower wages or threaten jobs at home . The    deal has become a hot issue in the United States presidential election both    nominees , Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , oppose it . The Pacific deal  —   largely because it involves a number of emerging economies  —    , the senior fellow at the Peterson Institute , said he gave the Pacific deal about a 30 percent chance of being concluded while President The Pacific deal  —   largely because it involves a number of emerging economies  —    is still in office . " Beyond January , " he said , " Mr. Funk Kirkegaard, the senior fellow at the Peterson Institute ’s The Pacific deal  —   largely because it involves a number of emerging economies  —    the results of the election and who ’s the next president . " 
 Mr. Funk Kirkegaard, the senior fellow at the Peterson Institute 