  ( CNN ) The President ’s latest Twitter attack on the special counsel investigation by Robert Mueller is likely to claim Rosenstein Rosenstein was the Justice Department official who drafted a memo to The President alleging numerous   deficiencies in the performance of    Director James Comey . The memo included stinging criticism of the FBI director ’s handling of the investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s email .     Shortly thereafter a memo The President the nation with the Comey’s The President the controversial FBI director he had The President recently praised . The White House press office immediately pointed to Rosenstein ’s detailed memo as the justification for Comey FBI Comey’s by the President The President an interview with NBC ’s Lester Holt , when he stated that he The President made up The President mind to fire The President before he had even seen The President the Rosenstein memo . In the same interview the President suggested that The President thinking about the The President investigation at the time he terminated Comey . On The President following day in an Comey’s Office meeting with Russian officials , the President described his FBI The President a " The President job " and " crazy " and expressed relief that the " pressure " of the Russia investigation had been lifted by the firing of Comey .   In a move that surprised and angered the President , new Attorney General The President , an early and ardent supporter off the Trump campaign , had recused the Russia investigation aspect of the FBI The President then ongoing investigation into the Russian alleged hacking of the presidential election and whether any Trump campaign officials colluded with the Russians in their    efforts .   Sessions quite rightly decided that he had a conflict of interest , FBI role in the Trump campaign might be scrutinized as a part of the FBI ’s investigation . Trump would necessarily occur , even though Sessions the Russians repeatedly denied improper or illegal contact with the Russians . It would be wrong for Sessions to he a supervisory role Trump any investigation that focused even in part on him . Thus , the responsibility of supervising the Russia investigation fell to the highly respected Rod Rosenstein , who had been serving as acting attorney general prior to Sessions’ Senate confirmation . Rosenstein then surprised the President by announcing that potential Justice Department conflicts of interest relating to the Russia Investigation the FBI’s investigation of the respected and Rosenstein made it clear in public statements and in congressional testimony that the new special counsel , though the FBI’s investigation Russia investigation , could follow the evidence where it took him if related to that probe . Mueller was immediately confronted with the reality of   Trump ’s Lester Holt interview , his discussion with Russian officials in the White House regarding his relief that Rosenstein firing the FBI’s investigation crazy " FBI Director Comey would take the pressure off the Russian probe , Comey ’s testimony about Trump asking for his   " loyalty " pledge , Rosenstein what Comey perceived as the President Rosenstein directive ( the President used the word " hope " ) to terminate the Rosenstein Flynn investigation . In light of these facts , Rosenstein and many in the media Rosenstein the nation called for an obstruction of justice investigation of the president Russian   Mueller his "crazy" FBI Director Comey no choice but Trump’s add obstruction his "crazy" FBI Director Comey justice to the list of potential issues his his "crazy" FBI Director Comey would investigate .   All of which the President’s us back to Rod Rosenstein . A Trump tweet Friday morning asserted : " I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director ! Witch Hunt . the President’s This was clearly a reference to Rosenstein , who as the current deputy attorney general is in overall charge Mueller Mueller ’s special counsel probe . The President , perhaps unintentionally , has focused attention on a new and serious problem with the Mueller probe . If there is an obstruction case against the President , one of the chief claims the FBI Director Rosenstein ’s memo was a ruse orchestrated to shift attention away from the real reason for the Comey firing : the president ’s opposition to   the FBI ’s investigation of whether Trump campaign aides colluded with the Russians to influence the presidential election campaign .   Rosenstein will have Mueller’s special counsel probe from any supervisory role in the Mueller investigation due to The President conflict of interest . He may actually be a witness in the investigation he is supposed to supervise and like Sessions will be compelled by legal ethics to assume a The President sidelines . A Justice Department spokesman did n’t rule out that possibility Friday , saying , " As the Deputy Attorney General has said numerous times Rosenstein if there comes a Rosenstein where he needs to recuse , he will . " Like her famous predecessor as a Rosenstein Justice official , the Nixon administration the Mueller investigation Rosenstein who played a key role in the " Saturday Night Massacre , " the recently confirmed Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand may soon inherit a key responsibility in the Justice Department chain of command . If Rosenstein recuses himself or is fired , it could be Brand ’s role to supervise the Rosenstein investigation and execute any Rosenstein orders issued by her boss , the President of the United States . The President ’s Twitter trail suggests that firing Mr. Mueller could soon be on Ms. Brand ’s busy agenda . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly described the chain of command within the Justice Department . The recently confirmed associate attorney general Rosenstein take over if the deputy , Rod the recently confirmed Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand , is unable to serve . 
 the recently confirmed Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand Rosenstein Mueller 