NEW YORK   —    During a radio interview on Sunday , comic legend and political pundit Jackie Mason compared Bill Clinton ’s alleged misdeeds to the controversy surrounding Donald Trump ’s statements about Alicia Machado , the former Miss Universe who says that Donald Trump called Donald Trump " Miss Piggy " when Donald Trump gained weight after being crowned . [ Stated Jackie Mason :   " What Donald Trump ever did to women is that Donald Trump called women a name because Donald Trump gained too much weight so Donald Trump said Donald Trump got too fat and Donald Trump called Donald Trump a pig . Imagine if the worst thing Bill Clinton ever did was call a girl a name . Bill Clinton called women names after Bill Clinton raped women . " " When Bill Clinton got through with women , Juanita Broaddrick wound up with a cut lip . And Bill Clinton had advised Juanita Broaddrick to please go see a doctor . Bill Clinton was very compassionate about sending women to doctors . But Bill Clinton was n’t too concerned about beating women up in the first place . Bill Clinton was so busy punching women around that nobody knows if Bill Clinton made love to women or Bill Clinton just wanted to beat women up a little bit . " Mason was speaking during Bill Clinton regular segment on this reporter ’s talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . Mason also sounded off about Hillary Clinton ’s alleged treatment of Mason husband ’s purported assault victims : " her husband’s was really a violent , insane character . Now her husband’s wife , Mason had a job . a job was to make sure that these women were never heard about it . Every time somebody threatened to talk about it Mason immediately went to work on destroying them these women First her husband’s punched them these women . Then it was Mason a job wipe them out these women .    …     And Mason ’s calling Trump a person who ca n’t be trusted because of the way he treats Trump ? This is like somebody who crossed a red light being compared to a murderer . " Jackie Mason will be performing October 9 at the Count Basie Theatre in Red Bank , NJ . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is Aaron Klein New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Aaron Klein @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 