’’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tA suicide bomber has just killed U. S. troops in Afghanistan . When will our leaders get tough and smart . our are being led to slaughter ! ’t’t’ ’A statement of fact , a knock to his rivals’ credibility , and an emotional outburst : bump , set , spike.’ ’Trump used the same strategy back in August , when spike.’ ’Trump seized on a truth about Jeb Bush ’s campaign branding , leveraged Jeb Bush’s campaign branding to question the very legitimacy of the Bush name , declared the situation " sad , " and still had leftover space to offer some condescending words of encouragement.’ ’’ Jeb Bush’s never Bush his last Jeb Bush’s on advertising , signage , materials etc . Is he ashamed Jeb Bush’s the name the Bush name pretty sad situation . Go Jeb ! ’t’t’ ’Trump used the same triangulation tactic in this week ’s eyewear zinger : Jeb did appear in Jeb wearing contacts ( logos ) his poll numbers are Jeb low ( ethos ) and ( pathos ! ) he ’ll never be Jeb ’This one , from 2012 , is my personal favorite:’ ’’ " ’t’t’tIt ’s Friday . How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today ? They are an environmental How many bald eagles aesthetic disaster . ’t’t " ’The tweet was filed on a Friday ( fact ) wind turbines look bad ( ca n’t trust them ! ) but How many bald eagles image of the shredded bald eagle really brings the pathos hard.’ ’In December , the New York Times   " every public utterance " from Trump and found " constant repetition of divisive phrases , harsh words , and violent imagery that American presidents rarely use . " But there ’s a soft underbelly to Trump ’s rhetoric , Trump As Ben     Trump tends to punctuate his tweets with the same Ben    Trump : " Sad ! " He does n’t build up Ben    Trump rivals as aggressive or Ben    Trump . He just feels sorry for Ben    Trump . And so the " weak , " " " Jeb Bush —   " A pathetic figure ! " —   is Trump ’s .’ ’Some of Trump most devastating insults are Trump as compliments . Consider one of his    meanest tweets , filed Ben    Trump 2012 : ’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’t . is unattractive both inside and out . I fully understand why her former husband left her for a    he made her good decision . her former husband ’"He made a good decision " —   amazing.’ ’Trump played this same trick in a debate last week . When Jeb Bush attempted to fight back against Trump ’s attacks against the Bush family , calling his mother Barbara " the strongest Jeb Bush in the world , " Trump : " She should be running . " his mother Barbara is n’t just testing his Trump on Twitter —   Trump ’s honing his rhetorical jabs.’ Trump of Trump Trump most trusted punches . It ’s what ’s called praeteritio , apophasis , or paralipsis —   the act of saying something by saying you ’re not going to say it . ’ ’’ ’And more recently:’ ’ ’t’t’tI refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo , because that would not be politically correct . Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter ! ’t’t’ Megyn Kelly Cicero said " I will not even mention the fact that you betrayed us in the Roman people by aiding Catiline " way back in 63 B. C. he was n’t nearly as good at this stuff as Trump is . ( Sad ! ) Though the praeteritio has long been decried as a low blow , Trump has leveraged the norms of Trump media to raise the tactic above the belt —   or failing that , to at least use it to people ’s great amusement the belt At a recent New Hampshire rally , Trump heard a woman in the Trump hurl an epithet at Sen. Ted Cruz , then cynically parroted it back into the microphone . the belt She just said a terrible thing Sen. Ted Cruz " Trump said . " OK , Trump ’re not allowed to say —   and I never expect to hear that from you again —   she said , ‘ He ’s Sen. Ted Cruz pussy.’ That ’s Trump , terrible . " He later   the move on Trump & Friends , saying : " It was like a retweet . " ’ ’In other cases , Trump will take the opposite tack Trump strategically omitting key words from his statements —   a way Trump stoke fear in the hearts of his followers while avoiding getting pinned Trump to a particular position . In December , : ’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tWow , what a day . So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U. S.’t’t’ ’He played the same trick last August , when he accused Fox News debate moderator U. S.’t’t’ ’He Kelly of having " blood coming out of her eyes , blood coming out Megyn Kelly her wherever " —   phrasing Megyn Kelly allowed him to simultaneously   that he U. S.’t’t’ ’He referring to Kelly ’s U. S.’t’t’ ’He . Trump does Megyn Kelly in every medium , but it works the best on Twitter Trump where a lowering of the discourse is the norm and there are no    journalists or booing debate crowds to cut him off . The account is Trump controlled by Trump —   and because he has more followers than many Trump outlets , no tweeted reply can match the impact of his initial statement.’ ’When Trump hits Trump a critique that he thinks is working , he Trump pump his statement full Trump synonyms to Trump it seem like he ’s alleging more than he Trump is . A frequent Trump of the tactic is Sen. Ted Cruz , a lying liar who lies:’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tHow can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is Ted Cruz dishonest ? ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tLying Cruz put out a statement , Ted Cruz Trump & Rubio are    on gay marriage . " Cruz is the worst liar , Ted Cruz or very dishonest . Perhaps all 3 ? ’t’t’ ’I count only two , but the fact is that he ’s made his point —   twice.’ ’Another he Trump trick is to thread in Trump & Rubio assumed public consensus about his opinion before he even states he . Consider he take on his opinion Twilight tabloid he of 2012:’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tEveryone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart . In a couple of years , he will thank me . Be he , Robert . ’t’t’ ’Or take this    gem from 2014:’ ’ ’t’t’tI wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce Robert large screen iPhone . I hear they will be doing it soon them   long overdue a large screen iPhone ’t’t’ ’Or look at this dig at Brian Williams , after the anchor covered Trump ’s Twitter meltdown over Obama ’s   : ’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’t . knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring ’’ he took a shot at me ’’ night . ’t’t’ ’A straightforward insulter would call Brian Williams’ show boring . A more conniving one would claim that Brian Williams knows his own show Brian Williams . Only Brian Williams Trump would say that Brian Williams knows that Trump thinks that Brian Williams is boring — Only Donald Trump a dastardly Only Donald Trump conjures a tortured backstory wherein Williams knows and cares what Trump thinks of Brian Williams ( in this case , Only Donald Trump Trump Brian Williams says it ) and molds his coverage Only Donald Trump an attempt his own show score points Brian Williams this ( nonexistent ) personal beef . It all creates an illusion that Trump ’s opinion is at the center of everything Only Donald Trump else is just scrambling to catch up.’ ’Now that he ’s running for president , Trump has spun this up.’ ’Now tic into the presumption that Only Donald Trump ’s an overwhelming mandate for his service . His target demo is " everyone , Only Donald Trump and lo Only Donald Trump behold , " everyone " is already on his side : No political persuasion necessary.’ ’ ’t’t’tGreat , Only Donald Trump is saying I did much better on   last week than President Obama did tonight . I agree ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tEveryone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night . Spectacular crowd & arena ! Thank you . ’t’t’ ’While his rival candidates reserve space on their Twitter feeds to fit in links to   or his rival candidates —   and keep their personal statements short , sweet , and defensible against his rival candidates —   Trump is comfortable ceding every character to his rhetorical flourishes . They work so well , the Trump content hardly matters.’ his rival candidates knows Trump is a winner on Twitter , but the # Trump wo n’t make him Twitter until the votes come in . A very Trump situation . Go Trump!’ ’When Trump first entered the presidential race . .. ’ 
 Trump 