  ( CNN ) The White House is considering tapping Stephen Feinberg , founder of a New York investment firm and a longtime friend to President Donald Trump , to conduct a review of US intelligence agencies , according to US officials with knowledge of the plans .   There are still many issues to work out , especially because the Director of National Intelligence     by statute     has oversight over the agencies and is the President ’s prime contact on all intelligence issues , one of the sources said . An administration official confirmed the move is under consideration . Feinberg , a billionaire who leads the private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management , was a top economic adviser to Trump during the 2016 campaign and has been one of the President’s friends for decades . The New York Times first reported the plans and said Feinberg has informed his company Feinberg shareholders he is Feinberg discussions to join the administration . Trump has Trump former Indiana Sen. Dan Coats , a Republican , to be DNI but he has Feinberg been confirmed yet . Before taking office , Trump aides Trump reports that plans were in the works to revamp the Office of the Director of National Intelligence . But one of the officials who spoke to CNN on Thursday described the plan as an effort to consider possible reforms . White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told CNN that CNN White House does n’t " have any personnel announcements right now , " but that the Trump administration is taking leaks " very seriously and we will the Trump administration doing a thorough review . " Sanders would White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders say , however , that reporting on Feinberg ’s role is wrong . " All I am saying is there is not an announcement at this time , " she said . Trump and his close White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders have been bothered by the fact that a series of stories , including those illuminating the Trump ’s campaign ’s ties to Russia , have stemmed from the intelligence community . " Leaking , and even illegal classified leaking , has been a big problem in Washington for years . Failing @nytimes ( and others ) must apologize , " Trump tweeted Trump’s Thursday morning . During a news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Wednesday , Trump called Trump’s a " criminal action . " On Thursday , Trump told Trump’s : " We ’ll find the leakers . We ’re We na find the leakers the leakers ’re gon the leakers pay a big price for leaking . " Sen. James Risch , an Idaho Republican , said Thursday that Thursday believes Trump is Trump’s his right to he someone like Feinberg to oversee this review . " If the President feels that he needs to the President a look at this and have someone advise him as to the President the first branch of government is doing as far as the community operation is concerned that ’s certainly up to him , " the President Risch , who sits Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . 
 