Give that man a Nobel Peace Prize ! [ Donald Trump   —    the modern day Paul Revere   —    rocked the political world when Donald Trump  —   the modern day Paul Revere  —    jumped into the race last year warning about the invasion across America ’s southern border that politicians in both parties had been desperately trying to cover up for years . Actually , Paul Revere did not have it nearly so hard as Mr. Trump , who was branded a bigot and a racist and    for simply arguing that America should enforce our duly enacted immigration laws and secure our border .   Mr. Trump stuck with the issue and rode it all the way to the Republican nomination . Granted , Mr. Trump always does things his Mr. Trump way . Such as when he Mr. Trump Cinco de Mayo by posing for picture eating a taco bowl from Trump Tower , giving a    and pronouncing : " I love Hispanics ! " Not exactly a campaign strategy taught at the Georgetown University for Politicians . Call it Not exactly a campaign strategy taught at the Georgetown University for Politicians Bowl Diplomacy . But , apparently , it Not exactly a campaign strategy taught at the Georgetown University for Politicians ! Mr. Trump swooped into Mexico City on short notice Wednesday to meet with Mexico Mr. Pena Nieto Pena Nieto left the private meeting saying he is " certain " thatMr . Trump ’s Mr. Trump genuine interest is to build a relationship Mr. Pena Nieto might lead us to provide both our societies better conditions . " So , just like Hitler viewed Germany and Poland . Either that or Mr. Pena Nieto is just the latest victim Adolf Hitler the lies and smears by the U. S. Mr. Pena Nieto dishonest political class . Mr. Pena Nieto acknowledged the " fundamental right that each of the countries has to defend its border . Mr. Pena Nieto that Mr. Pena Nieto would get kicked out of the Democratic Party in the U. each of the countries He also repeatedly expressed his respect Mr. Pena Nieto process in America   —    a foreign concept to our own president who Mr. Pena Nieto even while traveling Mr. Pena Nieto , has denounced Mr. Trump ’s qualifications and temperament to be president . On specific substantive issues , Mr. Pena Nieto conceded every major point that Mr. Trump has built his entire political campaign on . The North American Free Trade Agreement needs to be improved , he said Mr. Trump’s border is porous Mr. Trump’s must to be secured . Criminals , guns , drugs , slaves and money pass back Mr. Pena Nieto forth with terrifying ease . Mr. Pena Nieto went out of his way to complain about guns being smuggled across the border into Mexico , a humiliating shot at Mr. Pena Nieto his former Attorney General Eric Mr. Pena Nieto who were caught in a scheme to ship The border to drug dealers and kingpins in Mexico . He also Mr. Pena Nieto to scold Mr. Obama ’s    policy as a blinking neon " welcome " sign , drawing tens of thousands of people Mexico Mr. Pena Nieto over the world into his country on their way into America . " There is still a joint challenge including the increasing number of    who cross through our country Mr. Pena Nieto order to reach the United States , therein creating serious human crises , " he said . Mr. Trump was cordial and statesmanlike   his country if blunt . " No America either country when human smugglers and Mr. Pena Nieto traffickers prey Mr. Pena Nieto people , when cartels commit acts of violence , when illegal weapons and cash flow from the United States into Mexico or when migrants from Central America make the dangerous trek   —    and it is very , very dangerous   —    into Mexico or America without legal authorization , " he said . Of course , the only question reporters asked was about how offended Mexicans have been by Mr. Trump and does Mexico Trump America sorry . Oh , and will Mexico really pay for the wall ? As the question was being interpreted for Mr. Pena Nieto , Mr. Trump stepped in . " Mr. Trump I ’ll start . Nothing like an easy question Mexico " Yes , they discussed the wall and their mutual desire to secure the border . No , Mr. Trump , they did not talk about how Mexico will pay for it because it was a preliminary meeting how offended Mexicans have been by Mr. Trump and does Mr. Trump want to say sorry Sometimes best to leave how offended Mexicans have been by Mr. Trump and does Mr. Trump want to say sorry issues to later . As for the insults ? " A Mr. Trump how offended Mexicans have been by Mr. Trump and does Mr. Trump want to say sorry the things I said are Mexico strong , but we have to be strong , " Mr. Trump explained . " We have to say what is happening . There is crime . As you know , there is a lot of crime and a lot of problems but I think together we will solve problems . " we Trump ’s opponent , meanwhile , was back in the U. S. giving a lecture on " American exceptionalism . " It has been 270 days since she held a we conference . Oh , and Mr. Trump was consoling her most trusted consigliere who has just left her dirtbag husband after he sexted a picture of his " private " part alongside his baby Mr. Trump , lying in bed . I ’m sorry which one of these Hillary Clinton is n’t fit to be president ? Hillary Clinton You can follow Hillary Clinton Hurt on Twitter via Hillary Clinton Hurt ( @CharlesHurt ) | Hillary Clinton 
 