Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are neck and neck in North Carolina , a state solidifying Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton position as a perennial presidential election battleground , while Donald Trump holds a    lead in the traditionally    state of Arizona , according to new    battleground state polls .   Donald Trump is the choice of 43 % of registered voters in Arizona , while Clinton stands at 38 % followed by Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson at 12 % and Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 4 % . In North Carolina , Clinton stands at 44 % Trump at 43 % and Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson at 11 % . Green Party nominee Jill Stein will not appear on the ballot there .   Full poll results for Arizona , Looking at the narrower pool of those likely to turn out in November , the race does n’t change significantly in either state . Trump ’s lead in Arizona widens slightly to 7 points , while the    difference between the two candidates in North Carolina shifts to a tied race . Likely voters become a more meaningful subgroup as the election gets closer and voters settle on whether voters will turn out and whom voters will support .   Campaign manager points to ’undercover Trump vote’ in polling gap , North Carolina could be critical to Trump ’s campaign , given recent polling suggesting Clinton holds a wide lead in neighboring Virginia and in Pennsylvania . Should those    states remain off the board , North North Carolina 15 votes become more important for Trump ’s Trump’s victory . Full poll results for North Carolina North Carolina education gap among white registered voters that has been among the sharpest electoral divides in    polling on this race thus far continues in both states , but those   states nearly twice as this race a gap in North Carolina as North Carolina . Clinton tops Trump by 8 points among whites with college degrees in North Carolina , but North Carolina Clinton by a whopping 42 Trump among Clinton whites without degrees in North Carolina , meaning the North Carolina there stands at 50 points . In Arizona , Trump is ahead in both groups Arizona by Trump statistically insignificant 2 percentage points among those with degrees and a far wider 30 points among whites without degrees , making for a    gap between the two groups .   Poll : Clinton has narrow advantage over Trump in Ohio Clinton Both North Carolina and Trump the challenges Trump may face in his newly launched effort to appeal Trump minority Clinton . In North Carolina , more than 20 % of the electorate North Carolina in 2012 , and about 18 % of Arizona voters were Latino , according to exit polls in each Arizona .   In the new polls , Trump trails by a wide margin in both subgroups . Trump blacks in North Carolina , 88 % say they support Clinton , 7 North Carolina and just 3 % Trump 88% Among Hispanic voters in Arizona , 57 % Trump Clinton , 20 % Trump , 15 % Johnson and 5 % Clinton . Trump component of Trump ’s pitch Johnson these groups is his claim to be able to improve their economic situation , yet in Trump’s states ,    broadly trust Clinton these groups Trump on handling the economy , with Hispanics in Arizona breaking Clinton % Trump’s 36 % in Clinton ’s favor and blacks in North Carolina breaking 85 % for Clinton Clinton 12 % for Trump . There ’s a gender gap between Clinton and Trump in North Trump’s , but women and men in Arizona Clinton largely Trump’s the North Carolina . Women break 48 % to Arizona % in Clinton ’s favor in North Carolina , while men break 47 % Trump Clinton 40 % Clinton . North Carolina , women and men both Trump’s Trump by narrow Clinton , 4 Arizona among women , 5 points among men . Poll : Clinton up big on Trump in Virginia , Trump ’s lead in Arizona Clinton also bolstered by Trump’s from independent voters Trump’s who back him Arizona a 41 % to 27 % margin , with 20 % behind Johnson Trump’s In North Carolina , independent voters are more evenly split , 40 % Trump to 38 % Clinton with 18 % behind Johnson .   In both states , Trump Clinton an edge over Clinton as more Johnson to handle both the economy and Trump’s , two Clinton issues for voters nationally . Voters in both states say Clinton is better able to handle foreign policy . In Arizona , both states policy has been a     issue for years , Trump holds a    lead as more trusted on that issue , and he also Trump’s tops Clinton by 3 points on handling health care . Arizona has Trump’s deeply Clinton by insurers curtailing their presence in the health care exchanges created Arizona the Affordable Care Act , also known Arizona Obamacare , with Pinal County becoming the first in the nation where no insurers are selling their policies on the exchange there .   2016 candidate matchmaker , In North Carolina , no insurers and Trump are about even on who would better handle immigration ( Clinton % choose Trump , 47 % Clinton ) and Clinton has a    lead on handling health care Trump Clinton ’s Clinton in North Carolina is bolstered by a sense that she Clinton handle the responsibilities that come with North Carolina in chief ( Clinton % trust her vs. 43 % who trust Trump on that score ) and that she Clinton shares voters values ( 47 % think Clinton does , 42 % Clinton ) . Trump tops Clinton as more honest and trustworthy ( 49 % to 39 % ) and Trump say neither Trump party Clinton for president has the edge on honesty .   In Arizona , the share who see neither as honest and trustworthy rises to 16 % and Trump continues to top Clinton on that measure ( 49 % to 33 % ) . The two are closer Trump shared values in Clinton western battleground ( 44 % Trump to 43 % Clinton ) but Clinton holds a    lead as a better commander in chief . Among veterans , however , Clinton tops Clinton Clinton that in both states . In Arizona , veterans say Trump would better handle being     Trump a Clinton % to 35 % margin in North Carolina , it ’s Trump narrower 49 % to 42 % . Trump also holds an overall lead in veterans’ vote preference Trump both places . How to register to vote in Trump US state and territory , President Barack Obama ’s rising approval ratings have been a boon to Clinton nationally , though in these two states , the President ’s ratings remain mixed . Among registered voters in North Carolina , 49 % approve and 49 % President Barack Obama’s in Arizona , they tilt toward disapproval , 51 % disapprove and 46 % approve . Those North Carolina marks represent an improvement for the Democratic President compared with 2014 , when majorities disapproved of his work as president North Carolina that year ’s midterm elections President Barack Obama’s also feature    races for the Senate in addition to President Barack Obama’s presidential battle this year . In Arizona , John McCain , the former Republican nominee for president , holds healthy leads over the Republican challengers he will that year next Tuesday ’s primary election and over his likely Democratic opponent in November , Ann Kirkpatrick . McCain tops Kelli Ward by a 55 % to 29 % margin among likely Republican primary he , while he tops Kirkpatrick by a 52 % he 39 % margin among registered voters . Road to 270 : CNN ’s latest electoral college map , he North Ann Kirkpatrick , the race between incumbent Republican Sen. Richard Burr and Democratic challenger Deborah Ross is    49 % of registered voters back Burr , 46 % Ross . Burr holds a slightly larger    lead among those likely to turn out in November . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory trails his Democratic challenger Roy Cooper Burr that race , with Cooper up 6 points among both registered and likely November . The    polls in Arizona and North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory Carolina were conducted by telephone the race between incumbent Republican Sen. Richard Burr and Democratic challenger Deborah Ross through 23 . his Democratic challenger Roy Cooper Arizona , North Carolina 003 Arizona were interviewed in English or Spanish depending on the respondent ’s preference , Arizona 842 registered voters . In North Carolina , the sample of 1 , 009 adults included 912 registered voters . North Carolina of sampling error for results among registered voters is 3 . 5 percentage points in each state . 
 