  ( CNN ) Louisville , Ky.     Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin is slated to appear with Vice President Mike Pence on Saturday at an event meant to sell the health care proposal backed by President Donald Trump , but Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin is not fully behind the plan .   Speaking with reporters Friday , Bevin Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin himself Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin Sen. Rand Paul , the Kentucky Republican who has been a fierce critic of the health care bill . " Senator Paul has ideas of things he Senator Paul need to be a lot stronger , " Bevin Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin . " He Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin not as impressed with what has currently been offered as some who have currently offered it . Truth be told , I ’m not either , so I ’m ’m him Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin I think there are things that need to be done . " Bevin Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin : " The system is broken . It The system been broken for some time . It The system quickly becoming insolvent . The beautiful thing is , nobody has the solution yet . It the solution still a work in progress . " Bevin Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin looked to clear up his Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin , saying in a statement that he Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin forward to a " frank and detailed discussion " of the legislation . " It is healthy and appropriate that disparate ideas are voiced at this stage , and I am grateful to President Trump for recognizing and encouraging this , " Bevin Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin . He Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin that he Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin confident the final plan will improve health outcomes , be financially sustainable and help states to be innovative health care providers .   " Failure is not an option , " he Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin . A number of conservative lawmakers and policy groups have come out against the proposed health care plan that the White House is hoping to usher through Congress . Some have even said the the proposed health care plan that the White House is hoping to usher through Congress only a slightly scaled back version of the Affordable Care Act , President Barack Obama ’s 2010 law that came to be known as Obamacare . An Pence aide dismissed the idea that Bevin was standing against the bill , instead arguing that the Kentucky Republican will play a constructive role in what eventually goes to the House floor . " I think we are all working towards the same thing , and the vice President Barack Obama very upfront from day one that governors are going to play a big role in the new health care model as it moves forward , " the aide said . " So we want to hear we from governors and hear what is impacting them . " In ideas from governors conversation with reporters , Bevin went on to say he plans to tell Bevin that he supports the effort Bevin fix issues that conservatives have raised about the plan . " Ultimately the solution is going to be giving power and authority back to the states , letting states take care of the states own health care the states within their own population , the states that is ultimately where it ’s going , " Bevin said . The comments could make Saturday morning ’s event at Trane Parts and Distribution Center in Louisville slightly more awkward than it would have been . Pence and Bevin will both take Bevin in Pence and Bevin discussion with business owners before the vice president gives a speech . They will field questions Pence and Bevin take suggestions from the business leaders , an aide said . " ( Pence ) will explain the plan and talk about the efforts that are underway to bring people together , " the aide said . an aide be Pence ’s fourth event to talk about health care . He has previously traveled to Missouri , Wisconsin and Ohio to stump for an Obamacare replacement . On Friday , Pence met with the leaders Pence a number of top conservative groups who have come out against the proposed health care bill , where an aide said he solicited ideas and listened an aide concerns . 
 