  ( CNN ) To understand the challenge facing those with friends and family members who voted for Donald Trump despite Donald Trump open bigotry and misogyny , you need to watch a    exchange between a black woman and a white man and read about a decision Ellen DeGeneres was forced to make this week . Both incidents illustrate why sometimes it makes sense to be tolerant of opposing views , and other times it is imperative to separate yourself from potentially    relationships .    First , the    video . A white man called into the network ’s " Washington Journal , " which featured Heather McGhee , president of Demos , a liberal think tank . A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank confessed that A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank was prejudiced against black people because of images A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank had seen in the news but wanted to be a better American . " What can I do to change ? " asked Gary Civitello , a     disabled Navy veteran from North Carolina . A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank ’s gracious , empathetic response is the reason at least 8 million people have watched the video and why millions more probably will . A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank did n’t label A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank racist and demand A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank go away . Instead , A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank befriended A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank , becoming a sort of guide , helping A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank to get a more rounded view of black people . A white man called into the network’s "Washington Journal," which featured Heather McGhee, president of Demos, a liberal think tank story is the kind we love , much like the photo of a white police officer holding a distraught young black man caught in the middle of protests in Ferguson . Such stories have the power to touch those who did n’t believe they Such stories be touched or needed to    what was in their Such stories and heart .   But the McGhee’s story equally important . She had to disinvite Ellen DeGeneres guest , singer Kim Burrell , whom she planned to have Ellen DeGeneres her show . Burrell Ellen DeGeneres to perform a song from the upcoming movie " Hidden Figures " with Pharrell Williams . That was until a video surfaced of Burrell making disparaging statements Burrell gay people . " You , as a man , you open your mouth and take a man ’s penis in your face . You are perverted , " Burrell said on camera Burrell a sermon in a church . " You are a woman and will shake your face in another your face breast . You are perverted . "   Burrell believes homosexual activity Burrell a sin against God     to not spread that truth would be a violation of a deeply held principle and be harmful to gays and lesbians because they need to be made gays and lesbians of their sins to repent . gays and lesbians And that ’s why Burrell did n’t issue Burrell full apology or retraction , even knowing DeGeneres is a lesbian and one of the country ’s most visible , maybe most important , pioneering gay rights activists . DeGeneres had a few options DeGeneres She could have allowed Burrell DeGeneres perform as Burrell . She could have allowed her DeGeneres come on the DeGeneres and explain her comments . Or she DeGeneres have disinvited her DeGeneres In a world DeGeneres which people prioritize comfort over justice , DeGeneres would have chosen either DeGeneres the first two options . Instead , she chose the third . DeGeneres a tweet announcing her decision , DeGeneres did DeGeneres explain her DeGeneres . I suspect DeGeneres though , she understood she was under DeGeneres obligation DeGeneres " tolerate " someone who questions her core worth , even DeGeneres that person does so because of a religious belief .   Unlike Burrell ’s , Civitello ’s story was compelling because he sincerely asked for a Civitello’s to change , which is why McGhee ’s response was pitch perfect . Burrell believes it ’s DeGeneres Burrell needs to change , which is why DeGeneres’ was pitch perfect as well . She has no obligation to DeGeneres’ a message that could further harm an    minority .   In short , Burrell can have her beliefs Burrell but DeGeneres DeGeneres’ n’t need to DeGeneres on them . Similarly ,    her beliefs do not have to embrace what we believe is a betrayal by friends , and even family members , when they did n’t declare that even family members bigotry in a presidential candidate was a deal breaker . There are n’t enough viral videos and photos in the world to obscure that truth . But it also does n’t mean we must embrace hatred , become hostile or hope for the worst for Trump . We can still want to see the economy continue to improve in the Trump era , still want Trump concerns of the forgotten to finally be heard and still want the best for the country and our    friends and family We . We can still break bread We them and laugh with them family members cry with them family members Disagreement does n’t family members a bridge too far . But we will not prioritize their We over our    or a relationship We them over our basic rights their   We ’s bigotry was n’t a deal breaker for them , but it was Trump’s bigotry us . Trump’s bigotry We 