Donald J. Trump held a surprise news conference shortly before the second presidential debate on Sunday with three women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault or sexual harassment in the past . A fourth woman who was raped by a man Hillary Clinton defended at trial in 1975 also appeared on the impromptu panel , which Donald J. Trump billed as the end of debate preparations and broadcast via Facebook Live .   The three women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault or sexual harassment in the past Paula Jones , Kathy Shelton , Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey . Here is a brief guide to the accusations each woman has made against Bill and Hillary Clinton . Ms. Jones is Paula Jones Arkansas state employee who sued Mr. Clinton for sexual Hillary Clinton 1994 . She claimed that he Paula Jones himself to her and propositioned he Paula Jones a hotel Paula Jones in 1991 when he was governor . Ms. he ’s lawsuit Paula Jones Clinton ’s impeachment in 1998 because Hillary Clinton a deposition in that case that he first denied having had sexual relations with the he House intern Monica Lewinsky . A federal judge   dismissed the lawsuit in 1998 . Ms. Jones appealed that Ms. Jones’s lawsuit Paula Jones next year Mr. Clinton settled the suit for $ 850 , 000 . Clinton of the settlement , he did not admit to any wrongdoing and did not apologize . Clinton Sunday , Ms. Jones responded angrily to a reporter Paula Jones Mr. Trump if his star power entitled him to grope women without their consent . " Mr. Trump do n’t you Mr. Trump Bill Clinton that ? women she said . " Why do n’t you Paula Jones ask Bill Clinton that ? Why do n’t you ask Hillary as well ? Bill Clinton she was Paula Jones , Ms. Shelton alleged that Paula Jones had been raped Paula Jones Alfred Taylor , Paula Jones     man . Mrs. Clinton defended Mr. Taylor in his Mr. Taylor and Bill Clinton with the University of Arkansas Law School Legal Aid Bill Clinton . Mr. Taylor a 2014 CNN interview , Mahlon Gibson , the attorney who prosecuted Mr. Taylor , said that Mrs. Clinton had been assigned the case and tried to Mr. Gibson denied by the judge , Maupin Cummings . " She got appointed to represent this guy , " Mr. Gibson said . Mrs. Clinton succeeded in Bill Clinton a plea deal for Mr. Taylor . He was charged with " Bill Clinton of a child under the age of 14 " and sentenced to one year in a county jail and four years of probation . In 2014 Mr. Taylor The Washington Free Beacon published an audio recording in which Mrs. Clinton could be heard chuckling about Mr. Taylor ’s case . On Sunday , Ms. Shelton said Bill Clinton at 12 years old , Hillary put me through something that you would never put a     through " and accused Mr. Taylor laughing on tape saying she knows they did it . " In 1999 , Ms. Broaddrick , a volunteer in Mr. Clinton ’s first gubernatorial campaign , accused him of raping her in Hillary Arkansas hotel room in 1978 , Hillary an affidavit that she had signed the previous year in which she said the episode had not taken place . She was referenced Mr. Clinton Ms. Jones Hillary sexual harassment lawsuit as Jane Doe No . 5 . On Sunday Hillary , Mr. Trump tweeted a link to Hillary interview Ms. Broaddrick gave to the conservative news Hillary Breitbart in which she repeated her accusations against Mr. Clinton and accused Mrs. Clinton of enabling her husband ’s behavior . Ms. Broaddrick repeated her accusations against the Clintons at Mr. Trump ’s hastily arranged news conference on Sunday Hillary , Hillary him against the maelstrom of criticism Mr. Clinton the release Hillary a recording on which Ms. Broaddrick be heard Ms. Broaddrick about women in vulgar sexual terms . " I tweeted recently , and Mr. Trump retweeted it , Mr. Trump actions speak louder than words , " Ms. Broaddrick said . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump have said some bad words , but Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me . Mr. Trump n’t think there is any comparison . " Ms. Willey is a former White House volunteer who Mr. Trump Clinton made a " very forceful " sexual advance Mr. Trump in his office in November 1993 when she met with him to seek a job . On Sunday , Ms. Willey said that she was a supporter of Mr. Mr. Trump campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan , Ms. Willey Make Mr. Trump Great Again . " " Ms. Willey I cried Mr. Trump he said that because I think that this Ms. Willey greatest country in Ms. Willey world , " she said . " I think that Ms. Willey can do Mr. Trump’s . I think we can accomplish anything . I think we can bring peace to Mr. Trump’s world , and I think Donald Trump can lead us to that point . " 
 Ms. Willey she was a supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan, "Make America Great Again she was a supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan, "Make America Great Again she was a supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan, "Make America Great Again she was a supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan, "Make America Great Again the world 