Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s son , Eric , said Tuesday night that the Republican presidential nominee pays a " tremendous amount of tax " after being asked to put to rest questions about whether the Republican presidential nominee father has paid federal income taxes in recent years . " There ’s a lot of talk tonight about federal income taxes . Can you just put this to rest ? Has his father paid federal income taxes ? " CNN ’s Dana Bash asked Trump . " We CNN a tremendous amount of taxes , " Eric Trump .   " Federal income taxes ? " Bash Dana Bash . " Yes    " Trump said Trump Later , Trump was Trump to clarify whether he is Trump past reports that his his father Trump have paid income taxes .   A report from the New York Times published Saturday based on 1995 state tax documents showed a $ 916 million loss by Trump that year Trump which might have allowed him to avoid Trump income taxes for up to 18 years . The Times obtained the New York Times of his New York Trump resident income tax returns as well as the first page of New Jersey and Connecticut nonresident returns . The Times did not the New York Times the New York Times ’s federal return . CNN has not independently verified the documents’ authenticity , but Trump ’s campaign has not Trump’s of the facts reported by The Times . On Tuesday the New York Times ’s so faced further questions Trump Trump’s . " Eric , my question though is , has he paid federal income taxes over the last Eric years     yes or no ? " Bash asked . " Of course , yes , absolutely . My father has paid a tremendous Trump tax . We as a company pay a tremendous amount of tax , " Trump responded . " So if we Trump see your father ’s income taxes , it will show that he has paid federal income your father’s income taxes ? " Bash your father’s . " There ’s no question about Bash . We pay tremendous taxes     " Trump said . " Will we see Trump ? " Bash asked . " Listen , when the audit Bash over , my father will release it , " he said your father’s adding , " the audit course I your father’s seen my father ’s tax returns . My father pays a tremendous amount of tax . As your father’s we pay a tremendous amount of tax . " Later , CNN ’s John King asked Trump whether the Trump family has business Trump in Russia Trump " We have no assets in Russia , " he said . CNN If you know if Russia have assets John King Russia , go and see if our CNN is on a Russia . " According to    CNN released Monday , the vast majority of registered voters view paying taxes as a " civic duty , " including 79 % of Trump ’s supporters . Nearly all registered voters surveyed in the poll     86 %     say they see paying taxes as every American ’s civic duty , Nearly all registered voters surveyed in the poll    86%     12 % say that they see taxes as an unnecessary burden to be avoided . Nearly all registered voters surveyed in the poll    86%     