Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders will appear on Saturday Night Live this weekend alongside host Larry David , who has done an uncanny impersonation of the Vermont senator on the same program a few times this season . [ Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders will interrupt Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders scheduled campaign stops in New Hampshire this weekend to fly to New York to tape the show , according to the New York Times .   Saturday ’s SNL episode airs just days before the New New Hampshire , where Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders holds a comfortable lead over Democrat rival Hillary Clinton , and appearing on the show the show his his scheduled campaign national Democrat rival Hillary Clinton bump just before the first votes are cast in the Granite State . NBC has not yet announced the candidate ’s appearance , but Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders senior adviser Tad Devine confirmed the news to CNN : " We ’ll be live NBC New York . " David , the creator of Seinfeld and star of HBO ’s Curb Your Enthusiasm , appeared as Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders in a skit featuring a mock Democrat presidential debate earlier this season that was widely praised by critics .   Both Clinton and Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump have also appeared on SNL this season , with both candidates confronting versions Both Clinton and Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump played by the show Both Clinton and Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump cast members .   Of course , Sanders’ appearance is unlikely to engender the controversy that surrounded NBC when Trump hosted the November 7 Donald Trump . Thousands of people reportedly signed petitions urging NBC to rescind its invitation NBC Trump , NBC some Latino Donald Trump pledged to boycott the show and at least one Hispanic lawmaker had said Trump ’s hosting gig " Donald Trump the Latino community . David also made an appearance during the    SNL , when he jokingly called Trump a racist David the opening Donald Trump in order to collect a $ 5 , 000 prize .   The    episode of SNL airs Saturday night at 11 : : 30c on NBC . 
 