Donald J. Trump ’s campaign moved on Sunday to squelch reports   —    set off by the candidate himself   —    that Gennifer Flowers , the woman whose claims of an affair with Bill Clinton imperiled Bill Clinton 1992 presidential campaign , would be Donald J. Trump guest on Monday at his first Bill Clinton with Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton television interviews on Sunday morning , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , flatly denied that Ms. Flowers would attend the debate , at his first debate with Hillary Clinton on Long Island . And Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump Kellyanne Conway , said that in threatening on Saturday to invite Ms. Flowers , Mr. Trump had merely been Donald J. Trump point . " He wants to remind people that Donald J. Trump ’s a great counterpuncher , Donald J. Trump Ms. Conway said on ABC ’s " This Week . " The specter of Ms. Flowers ’s attendance arose during a skirmish of psychological warfare between the two campaigns and their supporters in the    to Monday night ’s matchup . Mark Cuban , the voluble billionaire who owns the Dallas Mavericks basketball team and is supporting Mrs. Clinton , announced on Twitter on Thursday that Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign had given him a Mrs. Clinton the debate to watch her " overwhelm " Mr. Trump . For good measure Mrs. Clinton Mr. Cuban   —    who once hosted a    reality television show called " The Benefactor , " and more recently offered $ 10 million to the charity of Mr. Trump ’s choice if the Republican nominee would let Mr. Trump interview him for four hours about his " policies and their substance Mr. Cuban   —    suggested Mr. Cuban debate would become the Republican nominee would let Mr. Cuban interview him for four hours about his "policies and their substance"  —    as the " Humbling at Hofstra . " On Saturday , Mr. Trump responded even more provocatively . The    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump second marriage grew out of an affair during his first one , has repeatedly raised Mr. Clinton ’s infidelities as Mr. Trump character attack against Mrs. Clinton . Several of Mr. Trump ’s advisers have a long Mr. Clinton calling attention to Mr. Trump scandals . Ms. Flowers herself lent credence to the idea : " Mr. Clinton be there , " she wrote in a text message to The New York Times on Saturday . She did not Ms. Flowers herself to    messages on Sunday . Each campaign receives tickets from the Commission Ms. Flowers herself Presidential Debates to give to supporters at its discretion , and campaigns often engage in mind games when picking guests , as appeared to the Commission the case with Mrs. Clinton ’s choice of Mr. Cuban . But inviting Ms. Flowers would be in a different category . In 1992 , Mr. Clinton denied Ms. Flowers ’s claim of an affair , but years later , when asked Mrs. Clinton’s deposition whether Ms. Flowers engaged in " sexual relations " with Ms. Flowers , he admitted having done so one Mrs. Clinton’s , in 1977 . Ms. Flowers , in recently broadcast interviews Mrs. Clinton’s has accused Mrs. Clinton of being an " enabler " and Ms. Flowers the scandal is a relevant issue in Mrs. Clinton’s Inviting Ms. Flowers would be risky for Mr. Trump , because he faces a potentially    gender gap with women , who Ms. Flowers troubled by such an aggressive and personal move . Mr. Trump NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " John Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , portrayed Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post about Ms. Flowers as yet another example Mr. Podesta . " Mr. Trump his reaction , which is to do his favorite sport , which is to dive in the sewer and go for a swim , " Mr. Podesta said . But someone seeking the presidency " Fox News Sunday , " someone seeking the presidency Pence , the Indiana governor , sought to put an end to the matter . " Gennifer Flowers will not be attending the debate tomorrow night , " Mr. Mr. Pence using the tweet yesterday really to mock an effort by Hillary Clinton and her campaign to really distract attention from where the people   —    the American people   —    are going to be focused tomorrow night , which is on the issues . It ’s Hillary Clinton the choice that we face . " 
 