Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .   All times eastern .   —    9:05 PM :    agitator waving Communist flag . Protester reportedly says Protester wanted to wave Communist flag but could not find a flag shop that sold it . Communist flag over people holding communist flag . One protester tells me he would One protester ISIS flag ISIS could # One protester pic . twitter .    —    MK Wildeman ( @mkwildeman ) June 19 , 2016 ,   8:25 PM : Trump supporters leaving rally : Trump supporters making their way past protesters and into parking lot , no major incidents at rally so far # 12news pic . twitter .    —    Monique Griego ( @MGriego12news ) June 19 , 2016 ,   Protesters had been gathering outside : Trump Protesters out side of the Madhouse on McDowell pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Burton ( @_KBurton _ ) June 19 , 2016 ,   Protesters taking over corner of McDowell   19th Ave . # AZTrumpRally # 12news pic . twitter .    —    Monique Griego ( @MGriego12news ) June 18 , 2016 ,   8:05 PM : Trump supporter Regina Romero happy with Trump ’s speech : At # TrumpAZ rally Regina Romero wanted Regina Romero Trump " Make America Trump’s again " after listening to the speech pic . twitter .    —    Cronkite News ( @cronkitenews ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:57 PM : Trump says these " Trump’s people " who are fighting him in the " Trump’s Trump " movement just ca n’t beat him . Crowd chanting Trump’s We need Trump . "    Trump’s crowd chants " We Need Trump " at the Trump’s in Phoenix # TrumpAZ pic . twitter .    —    Krandall Brantley ( @_KrandallTV ) June 19 , 2016 ,   7:51 PM : Bikers passing out water and bandanas : Local biker organization @RidersUSA passed out # water and bandanas for people at # TrumpAZ rally pic . twitter .    —    Cronkite News ( @cronkitenews ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:47 PM : Trump mocks the " Never Trump " people for anonymously telling the Politico " rag " that his campaign may be Trump sale .   He also mocks those Trump are trying to sabotage Trump at the convention Trump He then quips : Trump says if offered Trump 5 billion to drop out , " I guess we ’d have to Trump about it "   — offered $5 billion to drop out Rebecca Ballhaus ( @rebeccaballhaus ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:43 PM : Trump says he feels Trump a Trump model : Trump , in Phoenix , brags about all his magazine covers , Trump i feel like a supermodel , except like times 10 , " he says . " Trump ’m a super model . "   —    Jill Colvin ( @colvinj ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:39 PM : Trump predicts he is Trump to Trump " so well " with Mexicans and Latinos . He says jobs is Trump like the great medicine that makes us better " and that is why he will do well Trump minorities in the general election . He also cites the Trump unemployment numbers for    youth as well . 7:36 PM : After talking up his wall , Trump Trump that the Border Patrol Agents have it easy right now because they are told to the Border Patrol Agents stand down and let illegal immigrants cross the border . 7:30 PM : Trump reminds audience that Trump agrees with Sanders Trump trade . He also reminds the Trump that Bill Clinton signed NAFTA , the " most destructive economic act every signed by a President . " 7:27 PM : Trump : Orlando terror attack about " terrorism " not guns . 7:25 PM : Trump takes the stage Trump Phoenix and says " we ’re going to win very , very big in November . " He says Arizona was Trump his " first big Trump " and he wo n’t forget Trump . Trump vows his "first big speech solve Trump problems like radical Islam by being " very vigilant " and " tough . " Donald Trump arrives in Trump Arizona , for Phoenix last Arizona of the Trump : pic . twitter .    —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:23 PM : Trump supporters who have been attacked at his rallies having Trump ’s back : Cole Trump a man who said he was attacked by protestors his plans to follow Trump with others who have Trump hurt at rallies pic . twitter .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) June 18 , 2016 ,   Sheriff Joe Arpaio of AZ wants longer sentences for protesters who are arrested . He suggests six months . Sheriff Joe Arpaio of AZ yells out higher numbers .   —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) June 18 , 2016 ,   7:11 PM : Trump ’s senior adviser Stephen Miller says Clinton ca n’t claim to be a friend of gays , lesbians , women , and minorities when she associates with regimes that Clinton them . He also says lesbians, women, and minorities ca Trump’s senior adviser Stephen Miller claim to Clinton a friend of working Americans when she favors open borders that Clinton up lowering wages for working Americans and making it    expensive for them to get services . lesbians, women, and minorities PM : Jan Brewer at Trump ’s rally : Jan Brewer says # Trump Jan Brewer the border Trump Trump wild , chants " build the wall " # TrumpAZ pic . twitter .    —    Jeffrey Blackburn ( @lensjb ) June 18 , 2016 ,   6:45 PM : Sheriff Joe eviscerates    for not stopping the flow of drugs from Mexico . . @RealSheriffJoe attacks @HillaryClinton @BarackObama says they have n’t done enough to stop @RealSheriffJoe attacks @HillaryClinton @BarackObama flow of drugs from Mexico . # TrumpAZ ,   — Mexico Joe Ferguson ( @joeferguson ) June 18 , 2016 ,   6:15 PM : Trump supporter at Phoenix rally : A # TrumpAZ supporter at the # AZTrumpRally bringing the flags . pic . twitter .    —    Cronkite News ( @cronkitenews ) June 18 , 2016 ,   5:35 PM : Sheriff Joe arrives at Trump ’s Phoenix rally : Sherif Joe ! 👍 Phoenix @maricopacounty @ArizonaNewsnet Sheriff Joe TrumpRally pic . twitter .    —    Andrea ( @AndreaShadduck ) June 18 , 2016 ,   5:25 PM :   Trump arrives in Phoenix : Hello ARIZONA ☀ Trump # Phoenix https :   .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) June 18 , 2016 ,   Trump has arrived in Phoenix . pic . Trump .    Phoenix    Matt Wendt ( @matt_wendt ) June 18 , 2016 ,   4:33 PM : Audience member removed at Trump rally for wearing llgar shirt .    agitators , though , hardly police their own : A member of the Trump agitators audience already has been removed . Trump was wearing a " ( Expletive ) A member of the Trump rally audience " shirt . # TrumpAZ # AZTrumpRally ,   —    Dan Nowicki ( @dannowicki ) June 18 , 2016 ,   The guy tossed out of the Trump rally for his " Fuck Islam " shirt is debating The guy pic . twitter .    —    Byron Tau ( @ByronTau ) June 18 , 2016 ,   Update : these two are now in agreement on the right to bear arms . ( He is also open carrying . ) https :   .    —    Byron Tau ( @ByronTau ) June 19 , 2016 ,   4:10 PM : Local media , unlike mainstream press , not ignoring Trump supporters who do not fit the preferred stereotype . An immigrant from India says he favors Trump ’s immigration policies because immigrants should come legally like he An immigrant from India : # TrumpAZ attendee Kamel Solanki , an Indian immigrant businessman An immigrant from India explains why he supports @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Cronkite News ( An immigrant from India ) June 18 , 2016 ,   3:55 PM : Media also " over the moon " over Clinton ’s second grandchild : Statement from Hillary and Bill Clinton on birth of second grandchild : pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) June 18 , 2016 ,     3:45 PM : Salad Bowl America : ‘ Make America Mexico Again’ One # TrumpAZ protester said " Fates of minorities matter . Our nation needs to be open to diversity . " pic . twitter .    —    Cronkite News ( @cronkitenews ) June 18 , 2016 ,     3:30 PM :    agitators in Vegas write " Klan Meeting This Way " on sidewalk . Written in chalk outside the Trump rally in Las Vegas : " Klan meeting this way " pic . twitter . Vegas    Jim Dalrymple II ( This Way" on sidewalk June 18 , 2016 ,   3:25 PM : Trump says the wall will Trump curb the flow of drugs into the country . Always in need of reassurance for some reason , Trump asks the crowd , Trump Am I doing a good job ? " Trump then says that the Trump terror attacks may have turned out differently if people were armed . " It would have been a whole different story . " 3:20 PM : ARIZONA VOTER AGREES WITH TRUMP ’S IMMIGRATION POLICY Trump’s Skafe said she agrees with Trumps immigration policy # AZTrumpRally @cronkitenews pic . twitter .    —    Tanya Skafe Brantley ( @_KrandallTV ) June 18 , 2016 ,   3:17 PM : Trump says he will do more Trump    Trump Barack Obama has ever done . He says Obama is nothing but Trump .    3:15 PM :    agitators in Arizona : At Barack Obama peace rally Arizona attendees raise    balloon in KKK garb that Trump : " Make    Hate Again . " America trumpaz pic . twitter .    —    Dianna M. Náñez ( @DiannaNanez ) June 18 , 2016 ,     3:07 PM : Trump says our foreign policy has Trump Iran Iraq . He blasts people for saying " Trump , bomb , bomb " ( Though McCain was jesting about Iran , he infamously said we should " bomb , bomb , bomb . ) for Iran the McCain East . McCain not joining Trump on campaign trail in Arizona Trump John McCain ’s campaign Arizona says McCain senator will not join Trump for Arizona campaign stops because Trump his Arizona "   McCain "   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) June 18 McCain 2016 ,   3:05 PM : Apple reportedly pulling out of GOP convention because of Trump the convention has said he would Trump Apple Trump most of Trump products in America if elected Trump for Arizona campaign America also called for a boycott of Apple . Trump : " I am doing such a service to Apple by even mentioning it    … Apple Tim Cook should send us a lot of money for what Apple ’m doing . "   —    Megan Messerly ( @meganmesserly ) June 18 , 2016 ,   3:03 PM : Trump slams CNN as the " Clinton Trump Network . " 3:00 PM : In Las Vegas , Trump says " we beat the Bushes Trump and asks who in the Vegas " Never Trump " schemers are going to pick to try to steal the nomination from him . " We beat the Bushes Trump " says Trump , making it plural   — Trump on heels of news Pres we George the Bushes is trying to help out vulnerable GOP senators ,   —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) June 18 , 2016 ,   Trump on RNC GOP revolt : " Trump are they gon na pick ? I beat everybody . And I do n’t mean beat . I beat the hell out of everybody . "   —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) June 18 , 2016 , 
 everybody 