’   ’ ’      Donald Trump often asserted that " " on the campaign trail . But one meeting with    legendary Marine Gen. James Mattis appears to have made legendary Marine Gen. James Mattis    rethink that stance . ’ ’    On Saturday , Donald Trump met with the retired    general at Donald Trump Bedminster , New Jersey , golf course   to discuss the possibility    legendary Marine Gen. James Mattis be tapped to serve as defense secretary .   ’ ’    Details about the private conversation are hard to come by ,     to reporters at The New York Times when asked about    waterboarding . ’ ’    From the Times The New York Times ’’ ’    It amounts to a " remarkable " reversal for the      as the Times put The New York Times It also It    It the position of   Trump’ ’s national security    adviser , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who   that " all options are on the table . "    Before he campaigned for Trump , however , Flynn   ’ "    If indeed Trump has changed his Trump on the he of torture ,    that ’s good news to a number of    experts     election win . " ’    " I don’’t think it’ ’s going to come back , " Tom Nichols , a professor    at the Naval War College speaking of his personal views , said    recently . " But that’ ’s more hope than anything else . " ’ ’    Mattis appears   Trump    told the Times he was " seriously Trump    " the retired officer    for the position . ’ ’    The debate over waterboarding in enhanced interrogations has a    larger legal barrier than what President George W. Bush faced in    the past . While Bush authorized the practice President George W. Bush the      terror attacks through legal memos , President Barack Obama    ordered the practice to stop through an executive order . That    order   in 2015 . ’ ’    Gen. Joe Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ,     in March that the use of waterboarding is " inconsistent    with the values of our nation . " Dunford previously served as    Mattis ’’ deputy at 1st Marine Division . ’ 
 