  ( CNN ) Chief Justice John Roberts devoted Chief Justice John Roberts annual report on the state of the judiciary Saturday to the role of lower court judges who Chief Justice John Roberts called " selfless , patriotic and brave individuals . " " This is no job for impulsive , timid or inattentive souls , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in the report , which sheds light each year on an issue the chief justice believes should receive the public ’s attention . Roberts’ message comes as    Donald Trump prepares to fill a Supreme Court vacancy and reshape the lower courts . There are currently more than a hundred vacancies at the district and appellate court level nationwide , according to the administrative office of the US courts . In past years , the chief ’s reports have emphasized issues such as judicial pay , budget cuts and recusal rules . Roberts , a keen student of the history of the Supreme Court , almost always manages to weave in historical references . This year ’s report details George Washington ’s role in appointing 13 original United States district judges , a list that included a general in the Revolutionary War , a signer of the Declaration of Independence and a poet and musician . " These individuals are not well known in our era , but These individuals launched the new system of United States District Courts and set the course for the important role those institutions would come to play in the new republic , " Roberts wrote . Turning to present day judges , Roberts said that These individuals are not often the focus of public attention but that These individuals play a " crucial role . " " You might be asking , " Roberts wrote , " why any lawyer would want a job that requires long hours , exacting skill and intense devotion     while promising high stress , solitary confinement and guaranteed criticism . "   Roberts continued : " The answer lies in the rewards of public service . " Congress has authorized 673 district court judgeships . Although Roberts said that " unlike politicians , politicians work largely outside of the public eye , " Roberts did not mention the fact that sometimes district court judges find sometimes district court judges in the middle of a political storm , as when district court Judge Andrew S. Hanen of the Southern District of Texas temporarily stopped the Obama administration ’s executive actions on immigration in 2015 .   The programs at issue never did go into effect after a deadlocked Supreme Court blocked immigration earlier this year . On a deadlocked Supreme Court , only Justice Sonia Sotomayor has served as a district court judge . Trump ’s list of 21 potential Supreme Court Supreme Court dominated by appellate court judges and state Supreme Court justices Supreme Court also includes Judge list of 21 potential Supreme Court nominees Thapar of the Eastern District of Kentucky , the home state of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . 
 