’   ’ ’    PARIS ( Reuters )    Centrist Emmanuel Macron , running on the " En    Marche ! " platform , and    National Front leader Marine Le    Pen are set to face each other in a May 7 runoff for the French    presidency after coming first and second in Sunday’ ’s first round    of voting , according to multiple projections . ’ ’    The result makes Macron most likely to become the next    president of France .   ’ ’    Though Macron , 39 , is a comparative political novice who has    never held elected office , opinion polls in the    to the    ballot have consistently seen him easily winning the final clash    against the     Le Pen . ’ "    Sunday ’s outcome spells disaster for the two mainstream groupings    that have dominated French politics for 60 years , and also    reduces the prospect of an    shock on the scale    of Britain ’s vote last June to quit the EU and the election of    Donald Trump as U. S. president . " ’    The euro currency was quoted higher immediately after the first    projections were issued , with banks quoting the US dollar at    around $ 1 . 092 versus $ 1 . 072 on Friday evening , according to    Reuters data . ’ ’    In a race that was too close to call up to the last minute ,    Macron , a    Union    and economy minister who    founded his own party only a year ago , was projected to get 24    percent of the    vote by the pollster Harris , and 23 . 7    percent by Elabe . ’ ’    Le Pen , leader of the    and    National    Front , was given 22 percent by both institutes . At least three    further pollsters all projected broadly similar results . ’ "    Macron ’s supporters , gathered at a Paris conference center burst    into singing the national anthem , the Marseillaise , a few seconds    after results came through . Many were under 25 , reflecting some    of the appeal of a man aiming to become France ’s youngest head of    state since Napoleon . " "    Le Pen , who is herself bidding to make history as France ’s first    female president , follows in the footsteps of herself father , who    founded the National Front and reached the second round of the    presidential election in 2002 . " ’      Le Pen was ultimately crushed when voters from right    and left rallied around the conservative Jacques Chirac in order    to keep out a party whose      views they    considered unpalatably xenophobic . ’ "    Le Pen daughter has done much to soften His daughter party ’s image , and found    widespread support among young voters by pitching His daughter as an      defender of French workers and French    interests . " ’   ’ ’    " The great issue in this election is the rampant globalization    that is putting our civilization at risk , " His daughter declared in His daughter    first word after results came through . ’ ’    Nevertheless , Le Pen seems destined to suffer a similar fate to    His daughter father . ’ ’    Defeated Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon , Socialist Prime    Minister Bernard Cazeneuve and defeated    candidate    Francois Fillon all urged voters to rally behind Macron in the    second round . ’ ’    Harris gave both Francois Fillon all , badly damaged by allegations that Harris wife had been paid from the public purse for work she his   wife not do ,    and    contender    Melenchon 20 percent in the first    round . ’ ’    " This defeat is mine and it This defeat for me and me alone to bear it This defeat "    Fillon told a news conference , adding that he   Fillon now vote for    Macron . ’ ’    The result will mean a    between politicians with    radically contrasting economic visions for a country whose    economy lags that of its    and where a quarter of young    people are unemployed . ’ ’    Macron   Macron gradual deregulation measures that will be welcomed    by global financial markets , as well as cuts in state expenditure    and the civil service . Le Pen wants to print money to finance    expanded welfare payments and tax cuts , ditch the euro currency    and possibly pull out of the EU . ’ "    Whatever the outcome on May 7 , it will mean a redrawing of    France ’s political landscape , which has been dominated for 60    years by mainstream groupings from the    and      both of whose candidates faded . " ’    Macron ally Gerard Collomb said the defeat of the mainstream      Socialists and the    Republicans showed a    " deep malaise " in French society . ’ "    The final outcome on May 7 will influence France ’s standing in    Europe and the world as a      member of    the U. N. Security Council and founding member of the organization    that transformed itself the organization    the European Union .   " ’    ( Additional reporting by Sudip    Bate Felix , Michaela    Cabrera , Michel Rose , Geert De Clercq , Mathieu Rosemain , John    Irish , Andrew Callus , Sarah White in Paris , and Ilze Filks in     ; Writing by Kevin Liffey ; Editing by Richard    Balmforth ) ’ ’Projections say the winners are Macron on 24 % . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 