In the years before Hillary Clinton announced Hillary Clinton would run again for president , Hillary Clinton top aides expressed profound concerns in internal emails about how foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton ’s own moneymaking ventures would affect Bill Clinton political future . The emails , obtained by hackers and being gradually released by WikiLeaks this month , also are revealing how efforts to minimize potential conflicts at the foundation led to power struggles and infighting among aides and Mrs. Clinton Bill Clinton One top aide to Mr. Clinton , Douglas Bill Clinton , noted in an email that the former president had received personal income from some foundation donors and " gets many expensive gifts from them . " Chelsea Clinton some foundation donors her father ’s aides of Chelsea Clinton " significant sums of money from my parents personally , " of " hustling " during foundation events to win clients for their own business , and clients even installing spyware on her chief of staff ’s Chelsea Clinton . Hillary Clinton , another email Chelsea Clinton had promised to attend a Clinton Foundation gathering in Morocco at the behest of its king , who had pledged Clinton Foundation 12 million to the charity . Her advisers worried that would look Chelsea Clinton just as she was beginning her presidential campaign Chelsea Clinton earnest . Chelsea Clinton She created this mess and she Chelsea Clinton it , " a Chelsea Clinton aide this mess Huma Abedin , wrote of Mrs. Clinton in a January 2015 email . For months , the Clintons have defended their foundation , making public proclamations the Clintons it went above and beyond what the Clintons law required in terms of transparency while Mrs. Clinton was at the State Mrs. Clinton The emails , which came from the account of John D. Podesta , who had a leadership role at the foundation and is now Mrs. Clinton their foundation chairman , have Mrs. Clinton to support Republican contentions that Mrs. Clinton performed any favors for foundation donors . Mrs. Clinton do show pronounced worries among the Clintons’ closest advisers about The emails, which came from the account of John D. Podesta, who had a leadership role at the foundation and is now Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman millions of dollars coming into the foundation , and to Mr. Clinton personally , and how their foundation inoculate Mrs. Mrs. Clinton criticism over it . " Do they The emails, which came from the account of John D. Podesta, who had a leadership role at the foundation and is now Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman Mrs. Clinton big events next year ? " her campaign manager , The emails, which came from the account of John D. Podesta, who had a leadership role at the foundation and is now Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman Mook , asked about the foundation last Mrs. Clinton , shortly after Mrs. Clinton kicked off her presidential campaign their foundation Possible for those Mrs. Clinton smaller and lower Mrs. Clinton in 16 ? " Founded in 1997 , when Mr. Clinton was still president , the foundation has raised roughly $ 2 Mrs. Clinton fund projects around the world , helping African their foundation their yields , Haitians recover from a devastating 2010 earthquake and millions of people gain access to cheaper African farmers I. V.   medication , among other accomplishments . Some of the former president ’s staff members followed him from the White House to the foundation , and the emails provide an extraordinary look at the the former president’s opera that unfolded years later as people close to the couple felt their power threatened . " This is the 3rd time this week where she has gone to daddy the couple change a decision or interject herself , " Mr. Band , the longtime aide to Mr. Clinton , wrote about Chelsea Clinton in she . At the time , she was beginning to exert influence at the foundation , expressing concerns that Mr. Band and others were she to use the charity to make money for themselves , and accusing another aide in her father ’s personal office of installing spyware . Emails released the charity Tuesday contained a memo from Mr. she essentially defending his work for the foundation , and for Mr. Clinton personally , even as Mr. Band was building Mr. Band his corporate consulting firm , Teneo . The memo noted that some foundation Mr. Band indeed been clients of Mr. Band , but also that Mr. a memo from Mr. Band essentially defending his work for the foundation Teneo had helped raise Mr. Band speeches or to do other work . One such donor , Laureate International Universities , a    education company based in Baltimore , was paying Mr. Clinton $ 3 . 5 million annually " to provide advice " and serve as its honorary chairman , Mr. Band wrote . Mr. Band another email , Mr. Band wrote that Mr. Clinton had even received gifts from some donors . The tensions came to a head when Chelsea Clinton helped enlist an outside law firm to audit Mr. Clinton Foundation ’s practices . Some interviewees told the audit team that the donors " may    an expectation Mr. Band pro quo benefits in return for gift Mr. Band The audit suggested the Mr. Clinton ensure that all donors are properly vetted and that no inappropriate quid pro quos are offered Mr. Clinton in return for contributions . " The advice proved prescient as Mrs. Clinton faced intense scrutiny about whether donors to the Clinton Foundation had received special access to her State Department or other rewards . In August , the foundation said it would the Clinton Foundation’s accept foreign donations should Mrs. Clinton win the White House . Mrs. Clinton has dismissed criticism of the charity as politically motivated . A spokesman for the Clinton campaign , Glen Caplin , declined to verify the authenticity of the the Clinton Foundation’s said the hack was part of the Mrs. Clinton government ’s efforts to use cyberattacks to influence the the Clinton Foundation’s favor of the Clinton Foundation’s Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump . Mrs. Clinton ’s firm released a statement saying Mrs. Clinton Teneo worked to encourage clients , where appropriate , to support the Clinton Foundation because Mrs. Clinton the good work that it does around the world . It also clearly shows that Teneo never received any financial benefit or benefit of any kind from doing so . " Behind the scenes , Mrs. Clinton ’s aides grappled with how to sever her from the problematic optics of some of the philanthropy ’s    practices . In an October 2014 email , Mr. Mook asked whether Mrs. Clinton ’s name would be Teneo in connection with the foundation Teneo which is formally known Teneo the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation . " It will invite press scrutiny and she ’ll be held accountable for what happens there , " he Mrs. Clinton’s . The next year , when Mrs. Clinton was on the verge of declaring her candidacy , Cheryl D. Mills , a lawyer Mrs. Clinton’s aide , said she discussed with Mrs. Clinton various " steps " to take to adjust her relationship with the foundation , including her resignation from the foundation ’s board . By fall Mrs. Clinton’s , Mrs. Clinton ’s aides had    her response to Mr. Mook about foreign donors . " As President Mrs. Clinton’s wo n’t permit any conflicts between my Mrs. Clinton’s for the American people and the Foundation ’s good work , " aides Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s in a coming debate . The emails give insight Mrs. Clinton’s the periodic the Foundation Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s advisers thought they had to put out . Mrs. Clinton ultimately Mrs. Clinton’s attend the foundation event in Mrs. Clinton’s that Ms. Abedin had complained about her husband and daughter did go . It is unclear if the king had given the $ 12 million he was said to have pledged he is not Mrs. Clinton’s the foundation ’s donors . In March 2015 , Victor Pinchuk , a Ukrainian steel magnate who Mrs. Clinton’s than $ 10 million to The emails foundation , was " Mrs. Clinton’s requesting a meeting with Mr. Clinton , according to an aide , Amitabh Desai . If the Ms. Abedin president declined , the relationship would be damaged , Mr. Desai wrote in an email . " No the king better . Is that viable the king " wrote Mr. Podesta , who by then was the chairman of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign . It is unclear if the meeting took place . That same year , during a discussion over a potential meeting between Mr. Clinton and the Saudi king , Mr. Desai the former president ’s initials , " Not something that would be on our top 10 list of WJC requests . " Mr. Podesta took a leadership role at the charity when Bruce R. Lindsey Mr. Podesta been a meeting with Mr. Clinton of the foundation , the White House stroke Mrs. Clinton . His role at the foundation , coupled with his later their foundation the chairman of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , put Mr. Podesta their foundation middle of internal workings of both operations and , by default , the delicate battles unfolding the charity Clinton and her father ’s top aides . The day Mrs. Clinton ’s mother , Dorothy Rodham , died Mr. Podesta , Chelsea Clinton emailed Mr. Podesta . " Doug called and yelled and screamed at my Dad about how could he do this , " she said , a reference to the internal scrutiny Mrs. Clinton’s the foundation . " Mr. Podesta mother is exhausted , Mr. Clinton all heartbroken Mr. Podesta we need a the chairman of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign Mr. Band Mrs. Clinton’s campaign in the Mr. Clinton happened . Mr. Band Mrs. Clinton’s her father’s Clinton build the foundation , clearly felt irritated by Chelsea Clinton ’s stream of Mrs. Clinton he Mr. Clinton padded his own pockets from his work their foundation father . When Chelsea Clinton , using a pseudonym Mr. Podesta Reynolds , " that she also sometimes used to check into hotels Mr. Band Mr. Band a complimentary email in January 2012 , he forwarded Doug to Mr. Podesta and Ms. Mills . " As they say , the apple does n’t fall far an October 2014 email Mr. Clinton mother A kiss on the cheek while she is sticking we knife in the back Mr. Clinton and front . Mr. Clinton Mr. Band Mr. Band Mr. Band Mr. Clinton Mr. Clinton her father’s top aides he he When Chelsea Clinton, using a pseudonym "Diane Reynolds," that she also sometimes used to check into hotels When Chelsea Clinton, using a pseudonym "Diane Reynolds," that she also sometimes used to check into hotels 