The chairman of the Republican National Committee released a statement Friday night , hours after The Washington Post posted an audio file with Donald J. Trump talking to Access Hollywood , speaking with direct language about Donald J. Trump pursuit of a married woman and the advantages of being a celebrity . [ " No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner . Ever , " read the statement from Reince Priebus sent out by the RNC , without any other quotes or commentary .   Trump , who was wearing a live wireless mic as part of his segment on the program , is heard saying : " When you ’re a star , Trump, who was wearing a live wireless mic as part of his segment on the program let you do a star . You can do anything . Grab Trump, who was wearing a live wireless mic as part of his segment on the program by the p%ssy . You can do anything . " One of the show ’s hosts , Billy Bush , is also on the tape , which captured the two men bantering on a shuttle bus that took One of the show’s hosts, Billy Bush to the set of the soap opera Days of Our Lives , on which Trump was making a cameo appearance . Throughout the conversation , Billy Bush is heard laughing along with Trump and joining in the conversation ’s flow . In addition to    language and subject matter , Trump describes to Billy Bush Billy Bush unsuccessful courtship of a married woman in Palm Beach , whom Trump took furniture shopping and to whom Billy Bush dedicated time and attention but was unable to seduce . " I ’ll failed . I admit it . " The Trump campaign released its The Trump campaign statement attributed to the New York City developer : " This was locker room banter , a private conversation that took place many years ago . Bill Clinton has said far worse to me Bill Clinton the golf course   —    not even close . I apologize if anyone was offended . " For Priebus , the controversy comes on the eve of a personal triumph . After months of awkwardness , the RNC chairman , a native of Wisconsin , was going to witness the first time Trump would be joined on the campaign trail with the chairman ’s fellow Badger Speaker Paul D. Ryan ( R. . ) along with Sen. Ron Johnson ( R. . ) who has also dealt with Trump Trump a distance . 
 