A grand alliance of the media ,    activists , celebrities and the Republican establishment are blaming Donald Trump for the disruptions that are intended to shut down Donald Trump events , so here ’s a healthy dose of reality . [ Highly organized ,    leftist activists have had it out in a big way for Donald Trump since day one .   Readers of Breitbart News already know this , because Readers of Breitbart News ’ll remember Breitbart News was on the scene at the very first large Donald Trump rally , in Phoenix , Arizona , last June . What was originally scheduled as a speaking appearance to local Republicans ballooned almost overnight into a    event . As spokeswoman Hope Hicks said at the time : Due to the overwhelming response    …      the venue has been changed to accommodate the thousands of people expected to attend and the event a   event take place at the Phoenix Convention Center . Aside from the line of people that stretched around the block , there was another significant contingent at the Phoenix Convention Center rally : the organized , institutional left , including groups connected with Black Lives Matter . This was n’t a couple of stray protesters : as this video shot by Breitbart News at the time shows , it was hundreds of loud , community organized activists intent on disruption .   The main group organizing the protest was the Puente Human Rights Movement , an Arizona group which has spent years protesting Sheriff Joe Arpaio . Joining Puente in the Arizona    protests Arizona representatives from the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund , aka MALDEF , in addition to groups La Raza and LULAC . Black Lives Matter cofounder Opal Tometi is a board member of Puente . Tometi is also Opal Tometi executive director of a group called Black Alliance for Just Immigration . The groups who coordinated to shut down Donald Trump ’s rally in Chicago on Friday night included Black Lives Matter and a number of    immigration groups —    part of the web of connected institutional left groups who ’ve been going after Trump from day Donald Trump’s . This is the reality that presidential candidates like Sen. Ted Cruz and Sen. Marco Rubio should be not just aware of , but sounding the alarm about . Rather than blaming Donald Trump , Donald Trump’s be educating Rather than blaming Donald Trump and supporters of the danger posed by these    well organized groups that are trying to shut down Trump . The radicals Donald Trump’s only just begun their long journey to The radicals and to the Republican National Convention this summer . Breitbart News will continue exposing the truth about the    organized leftist groups intent on shutting down free speech . Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter Breitbart News Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 