Breitbart News editor and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer , author of Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich , talked about    Donald Trump ’s business interests with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " My concern is frankly less about his direct ownership of the company , " said Schweizer . " Some people have said his should sell his stake in the company . That ’s very hard to do with a real estate empire . The sales are hundreds of millions of dollars in individual assets , and there are a bunch of those assets , so that ’s a very difficult thing to do . "   " For me , the bigger concern , frankly , is the children because if you look historically , whether that is George W. Bush , whether that ’s Jimmy Carter , foreign entities who are going to try to curry favor or get leverage over an American president often do it by trying to strike a sweetheart deal with a family member , often with one of the kids , " he George W. Bush .   " That ’s my concern : you ’re going to have Bahrain , or Saudi Arabia , or Russia , or Kazakhstan , or some foreign power that wants something from Donald Trump is going to offer and give a sweetheart deal to one of the the kids The kids the kids it , and now , suddenly , there is some sense of either obligation or leverage or some form of embarrassment that can be used against the president , " Schweizer warned . He said there Schweizer be " bright lines " and " transparency " around the First Family ’s business dealings . " I know that it ’s a private company . The Trump organization Schweizer traded , but I think they will be protecting themselves Schweizer a powerful way Schweizer they have greater transparency so Schweizer people see precisely the kinds of transactions they ’re engaged in , Schweizer he recommended . " Unlike other people that have been President of the United States , who were either not successful businessmen or marginally successful businessmen , this is an individual that ’s had financial success , has a large empire . It was gained legitimately in the free market , " Schweizer noted . " The question becomes , once he becomes president , once that transition happens , are there favors and special deals granted by foreign governments ? Are the kids being given sweetheart deals by foreign powers ? "   " To me , that critical date becomes once he becomes president   —    and most importantly , as you said , once it is clarified precisely what they ’re going to do . If what we hear on the 15th is essentially , you know , ‘ Do n’t worry about we . I ’m not the 15th to be involved in the business , but everything else is going to function the same,’ then I think you ’ve got a problem , " Schweizer said .   " I think you ’ve got a problem not just for the country , but you ’ve got a problem for the Trump family   —    because again , the sunshine is going to help them , and I do the Trump family   think they know precisely what they the Trump family   in for , the Trump family   he warned . " Donald a problem for the Trump family   ’s never been president . Very few people have been . I do n’t think they precisely know what they Very few people in for , Very few people terms of what foreign entities , corporations , or governments are going to try to do   —    because he is going to be Donald Trump’s most powerful man in the world , who can do wonderful things to help certain countries , or hurt certain countries . So they ’re going to pull Very few people out of their playbook to try to Very few people favor . "   " I just hope that they take this matter seriously Very few people they do n’t try to Very few people it on sort of a this matter basis , but they have a very robust Very few people transformative , and transparent approach   —    because if they do n’t , the Very few people that are going to be most damaged by this , ultimately , are the Trumps and their reputation . For me Very few people it ’s only a question of time when these types of things start to take place and get thrown at the kids and the family , " he predicted . Kassam proposed me conflict of interest scenario , in which government business takes place at Trump properties , for example , visiting diplomats staying at a Trump hotel or government officials Trump important dinners at Trump restaurants . " Those Trump of scenarios worry me less than the big projects , " Schweizer responded . " I understand precisely that , you know , you might have a Japanese delegation come and spend a lot of money at the Trump hotel . My bigger concern is about the major capital projects . The Trump organization has expanded Trump ’m less concerned if a bunch of diplomats from a foreign country come and drop money at the bar at the Trump hotel than if a foreign the Trump hotel    let ’s say Bahrain   —    says , ‘ Oh , why do n’t you build a Trump Tower here in this prime real estate location , and we ’re going to give it to you for ten cents on the dollar?’ a Trump Tower are the kinds of deals where , you know , you ’ve got a chance to make $ 50 million , $ 100 million or more off of that kind of deal . "   " To me , the solution becomes transparency . By that , I mean major projects , whether it is building a project , whether it is major projects of a project . And of major projects the Trumps are not required to do this , legally , but what I ’m saying is they need to be transparent about that , so the Trumps can look at some project in Bahrain , or some financing deal involving Deutsche Bank , and know that they ’re paying market rates for that money , people what they paid for that land , or for that people investment corresponds basically with what the market price is , " he advised .   " Again , this is not something they legally have to do , but they are people themselves , and they are going people extra mile people which I people will gain goodwill with the American people . Let ’s remember , Donald Trump was elected by the American people for a variety of reasons . the American people was draining the swamp . One of those was the fact that the Clintons had made hundreds of those of dollars through public service , " Schweizer pointed out .   " The American people , I think , are hoping and expecting the American people is going to work to drain the swamp , and the Donald Trump to do that to start is by the swamp the top and saying , ‘ We ’re going to take this extra step . We do n’t have to do this , but we ’re going to take this We step and say on a quarterly basis , We a level of transparency this extra step that lets people know precisely what kind of deals we are striking around the world,’ " he said . Breitbart News Daily airs on We Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 