Hillary Clinton has made Donald Trump ’s remarks about a federal judge , among others , the basis for a campaign accusing Donald Trump of being a racist . It is worth visiting Hillary Clinton own history of making racially offensive comments for political gain . [ 1 . "   white Americans " prefer her Hillary Clinton Obama . In May 2008 , Clinton Hillary Clinton the USA Today that while Obama Obama leading the delegate race , she Hillary Clinton had a broader political base . Unfortunately , she Hillary Clinton that claim in explicitly racial terms , citing an Associated Press poll " that found how Senator Obama Obama among working ,    Americans , white Americans , is weakening again , and how whites in both states who had not completed college were supporting me . "   2 . " Colored People ’s Time . " Clinton appeared alongside    New York City mayor Bill de Blasio at the annual Inner Circle Dinner this year , and joined in a racist joke based on a stereotype that black people are late for everything : Clinton : Clinton just have to say thanks for the endorsement , Bill . Took you long enough . [ Laughter ] De Blasio   New York City mayor Bill de Blasio Hillary , I was running on C. P. time . [ Audience gasps ] Host : I do n’t like jokes like that . As Mediate later noted , the cable news networks mostly ignored the racist joke . 3 . Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. was n’t really THAT great . As she struggled to stop the Obama insurgency in the 2008 Democratic primary , Clinton tried to diminish Obama ’s credentials Obama a " community organizer , " which had led some to draw connections between him and Dr. Clinton . Clinton argued that Clinton was really a professional politician , President Lyndon Johnson , who made the difference : " Dr. King ’s dream began to be realized when President Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act " 4 . " Ah do n’t feel no ways TAHHHHHRD . " Clinton , like Clinton President Al Gore , and indeed like President Obama himself , has a tendency to imitate what she believes to Clinton an    accent when she speaks before Clinton audiences . Obama , who grew up in Hawaii , at least has some cultural competence and experience , honed through practice in inner city Chicago . Clinton manages to sound condescending every time   —    most notoriously in this    clip from 2008 .   5 . Obama ’s " slumlord , " and " super predators . " Losing traction in 2008 , Clinton belatedly attacked Clinton ’s connection Obama fraudster and fundraiser Tony Rezko : " I was fighting against those [ Reagan ] ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor , Rezko , in his slum landlord Rezko in inner city Chicago , " she said in Clinton South Carolina debate . The remark was described as racist by Obama fans   Obama    as was her 1996 term Clinton chronic criminals , " super predators . " Bonus : The photograph at top came from the Clinton campaign in 2008 ( though not from Clinton herself . Clinton Clinton campaign manager Obama Plouffe called " the most shameful , offensive    we ’ve seen from either party in this election . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Joel B. Pollak Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 