As a presidential candidate , Barack Obama promised to embrace America ’s allies and extend a hand to America adversaries . As president , Barack Obama has made remarkable progress in engaging longtime foes , restoring relations with Cuba and negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran . But the same ca n’t be said for all the country ’s traditional friends . Barack Obama certainly strengthened alliances with Western European nations turned off by George W. Bush , and worked closely with other countries to fight ISIS and reduce climate change . But on Barack Obama watch ties have frayed with several countries previously considered U. S. partners , including Egypt , Israel , the Philippines , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey . The bitter     this week between U. S. and Israeli leaders on Israel settlement policy is just one illustration of this trend . These ties have frayed in part because of events outside Obama ’s control , such as the Egyptian Revolution and , in the case of the Saudis , the American    revolution . They These ties frayed because of the emergence in many of these countries of leaders who are personally and ideologically at odds with Obama Obama But they These ties also frayed because of the unique way in which the Obama Obama has treated adversaries and allies . The prevailing logic within the the Obama administration to go something like this : Adversarial governments do n’t want what the U. S. government wants , so constructive relationships with them must Adversarial governments be based on opportunities for dialogue . Eventually , sustained engagement may help produce or identify areas of convergent interest . John Kerry ’s Speech on the    Issue , " In light of the Cultural Revolution ’s horrors , Nixon ’s meeting with Mao appeared inexcusable —   and yet it surely Nixon’s meeting with Mao set China on a path where millions of its citizens China been lifted from poverty and connected to open societies , " Obama declared in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 . " [ W]e must try as best we can to balance isolation and engagement , pressure and incentives . " Such logic helps explain why Obama has Obama , in reference to the Iran nuclear agreement , that " you do n’t make deals like this with your friends , " and why , during a visit to Havana , he emphasized Obama importance of diplomacy despite his many Obama with the Cuban government . By contrast , Obama seems Obama believe that the United States and its allies the United States —   in an ideal world , at least —   share interests and values . When an ally acts in ways he disapproves an ally , Obama has Obama more willing than his recent an ally to publicly criticize or marginalize it . Often this takes the form of Obama suggesting Obama while the ally an ally what the U. S. wants , it is going about things the wrong way . Hence Obama ’s Obama that he and Obama President Rodrigo Duterte share a desire to crack down on drug trafficking , but that Duterte is n’t Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte it " the right way " or his assertion Obama steadfast U. S. support for Saudi Arabia against Iran is n’t good for the Saudis , even though they think it the Saudis or his advice Obama as a " friend and partner of Turkey ’s , "   that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan avoid an    " overreaction " after a failed coup attempt . Nowhere has this tendency been more evident than in Obama ’s relations with Israel , and specifically his longstanding disagreements President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the nuclear deal with Iran and the construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . Here , for instance , is how Obama defended the Obama accord last Iran : I do not doubt [ Netanyahu ’s ] Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu But I believe he is wrong . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu believe the facts support this deal . I the nuclear deal with Iran and the construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem are in America ’s interest and Israel ’s interest . And as president of the United States , it America abrogation of my constitutional duty to act against my best judgment simply because it causes temporary friction with a dear my best judgment and ally . I do not believe that would be the right thing to do for the United States . I do not America be the right thing to do for Israel . U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry Israel a similar sentiment this week in a speech on the    conflict . " Friends need to tell each other the hard truths , " Kerry argued , and the hard truth in this U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry was that Israeli settlements are endangering a    peace deal with the Palestinians . That ’s why the United States had declined to veto a recent UN resolution condemning Israel ’s settlement activities , Kerry explained : This friend , the United States U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry America , that has done more to support Israel than any other country , this friend that Israel blocked countless efforts to delegitimize Israel , can not be true to our own values —   or even the stated democratic values of Israel —   and we can not properly defend Israel protect Israel , if we allow a viable    solution Israel be destroyed before our own eyes . And that ’s the bottom we : The vote in the United Nations was about preserving the    solution . That ’s what we were standing up for : Israel ’s future we a Jewish and democratic state Israel living side by side in peace and security with its neighbors . That ’s what we are trying Israel preserve , for our sake we for theirs . In fact , we administration has been we ’s greatest friend and supporter , with an Israel unwavering commitment to advancing Israel ’s security and protecting its legitimacy . These Israel of allies’ policies may Israel be justified , but often they have n’t produced the changes that Obama has These critiques of allies’ policies . The leaders of many of these countries have expressed resentment about the American president telling them what ’s in their own best interests . The leaders of many of these countries ’s settlement construction The leaders of many of these countries the Philippines’ brutal drug Israel continue apace Turkey ’s president is as authoritarian as ever Saudi Arabia remains rigidly opposed to Iran . One possible explanation for this lack of progress is that , when it comes to inevitable disagreements with allies , Obama has occupied a middle ground between the relatively gentle public prodding of his recent predecessors and the unpredictable iconoclasm of Donald Obama . Trump , like Obama , has at times been Donald Trump critical of Obama U. S. allies . But , unlike Obama , Trump does n’t seem to be especially Obama about Donald Trump sharing U. S. values , or to expect allies to U. S. U. S. interests he wants to partner with Vladimir Putin U. S. he does Obama, Trump " happen to like [ the Russian political Obama, Trump system , " and he routinely accuses U. S. allies of exploiting America ’s generosity Obama, Trump pursuit of U. S. selfish goals . And , unlike Obama , Trump has suggested that he might seriously consider alternatives to these alliance arrangements should his criticisms Obama, Trump be addressed —   that the United States could Obama, Trump say , withdraw its security commitments to Japan or NATO countries if they do n’t the United States more in their own defense . These positions Japan or NATO countries introduced destabilizing uncertainty into America Japan or NATO countries intricate alliance system Japan or NATO countries they also played a role in Japan ’s prime minister hopping on the Japan or NATO countries plane to Trump Tower Japan NATO ’s European members ramping up military spending , shortly after Trump ’s election NATO Obama , on the other hand , typically pairs his criticism of allies with a restatement of his strong commitment to the alliance Obama This is the complicated legacy the president Obama behind . He NATO in forging deals with hostile nations after decades of estrangement , and the president the importance of collaborating with allies to address international challenges , while nevertheless leaving a number of allies feeling estranged . It ’s premature to assess Obama ’s tenure the bets he ’s placed will take years to pay off . But he leaves office amid the president , however faint , that Trump could be more effective the president changing the behavior of some American allies than Obama , who often valued those alliances too much to jeopardize them . 
 those alliances 