Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama delivered an impassioned plea to the    community Saturday night to help stop Donald Trump , saying President Barack Obama would consider it a " personal insult " to President Barack Obama legacy if black voters did n’t turn out for Hillary Clinton .   Addressing the Congressional Black Caucus gala for the last time as president , President Barack Obama warned that while President Barack Obama name would not be on the ballot in November , all of the progress that the country has made over the last eight years was on the line .   " If I hear anybody saying their vote does not matter , that their vote does n’t matter who we elect     read up on your history . their vote matters . We ’ve got to get people to vote , " Obama said . " I will consider their vote a personal insult     an insult to my legacy     if this community lets down this community guard and fails to activate this community in this election . You want to give me a good sendoff ? Go vote . " Obama speech     coming less than two months away from Election Day     marked some of his Obama words yet about Trump , as well as his Obama forceful call on the this community get behind Clinton .   Why Democrats are anxious , His Obama also had lighter moments     particularly as he Obama the    " birther " controversy . The Obama his speech by Obama :   " There ’s an extra spring in my step tonight . I do n’t know about you guys , but I am so relieved that the whole ’birther’ thing is over . " Chuckling , the President said Obama I mean : ISIL , North Korea , poverty , climate change     none of those things weighed on my mind like the validity of my birth certificate . And to think : that with just a 124 days to go , under the wire , we got that resolved . " Obama was referring to Trump ’s admission this week that the president was born in the United States . Trump has long supported the birther Trump , raising questions about Obama ’s birthplace and demanding that Obama present his birth certificate as the president his origin the president   Obama ’s tone , the president , soon Obama as he outlined what he said was at stake Obama the election Obama " You may have heard Hillary ’s opponent in this election say that there ’s never been a the election to be a black person . I mean , he missed that whole civics lesson about slavery Obama Jim Crow , " Obama said . " But we ’ve got Obama museum for him to visit , so he can tune Obama . We will educate Obama . " In harsh rebuke of we Obama Obama referred to the businessman as " somebody Obama has fought against civil rights and fought against equality and who has shown no regard for working people most of his life . " On Trump ’s quest to win the businessman    voters , Obama Trump : " Well , we do Obama challenges , but we ’re not stupid we "   No , Hillary we did not start the ’birther’ movement , Clinton lauds Obama , Speaking moments before the president , Hillary Clinton lauded Obama and also took on Hillary Clinton controversy Obama Hillary Clinton been swirling . " Even when hateful nonsense is thrown their way , Barack , Michelle , their two beautiful daughters have represented our country with class , Barack, Michelle and integrity , " said Clinton , who served as Obama ’s secretary of state .   She Obama , " Mr. President , not only do we Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state you are an American , you are a great American . " Donald Trump ’s surreal Friday , Clinton , American accepted the group ’s " Trailblazer Award " on Saturday night for becoming the first female presidential candidate for a major political party , nodded to Trump when she said that the choice in November " is Donald Trump about Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state course promotions or birth certificates , it comes down to who will fight for the forgotten . " " We ca n’t let Barack Obama ’s legacy fall into the hands of someone who does n’t understand that , whose dangerous divisive vision for our country will drag us backwards , " she said , though she never mentioned our ’s name . Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state stumping for Clinton Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state Clinton ’s campaign is relying on the Obamas to help persuade Clinton of minorities , young Obamas women who propelled them to the White House to cast ballots for this year ’s Democratic candidate . The President made his first solo appeal this week , appearing at a Clinton in Philadelphia Clinton phoning in to    radio to talk up Clinton . " I get frustrated hearing folks say , ’You know , we ’re so excited with Barack , we love Michelle , they take Hillary for granted,’ " Obama told syndicated host we Darcell . " frustrated hearing folks is not a reality show . This is not something where it ’s all flash and fizzle . " On This , First Lady Michelle Obama made her first campaign appearance of 2016 , trying to " Obama her husband ’s supporters " Obama a Virginia rally that Clinton is also worthy of their " Obama . " Obama " When I hear folks saying they ’re not inspired this this election , I disagree . I am inspired , " she their , urging the crowd to register to vote and actually cast ballots for Clinton . " Obama Clinton 