Republican nominee Donald Trump and his runningmate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence both continuously criticized Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton during a campaign rally in Des Moines , Iowa on Friday afternoon . [ " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s like an unbalanced person , " Trump told roughly 2 , 000 supporters at the event , going after Trump competitor . " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s pretty close to unhinged . "   Trump , citing a recent book from a former secret service agent who worked for the Clintons , said , " Trump thinks Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would be a disaster as president , " adding that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s " totally unfit to lead . " " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton can not handle pressure . I handle pressure , " the New Yorker declared . Thousands come out to support @realDonaldTrump and @GovPenceIN in Des Moines # MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic . twitter .    —    IowaGOP ( @IowaGOP ) August 5 , 2016 ,   Trump spent most of Trump speech in Des Moines criticizing Clinton ’s immigration policy . " She Clinton amnesty . She Clinton open borders , " Trump Trump of Clinton Clinton adding that if that happens there wo n’t be a country left . " Her Clinton plan is not only dangerous   …     the voters do n’t want this to happen . " " Her Her immigration plan nothing to protect those who are victimized   …     by our blind pursuit of open borders , " he Trump , saying illegal immigrants are " taking away Americans’ jobs " and that cartels and Islamic extremists could manipulate the open borders . " If you do n’t like me , that ’s ok , vote for Pence because it ’s Pence same thing , " he Trump in closing after asking for the voters to vote for him Trump Nov. 8 . Pence introduced Pence after he Trump , also spending most of his Trump attacking Clinton . He Trump Clinton ’s Clinton the Democratic National Convention was the " same old , same old . " " I had about as hard a time staying awake as her husband did Clinton " he added , her husband a video of Bill Clinton that Clinton to show him closing his eyes her husband her her husband his speech attacking Clinton We Clinton going to raise taxes on the middle class , " Pence stated , mocking Clinton who misspoke during a Clinton event on Wednesday . " She accidentally spoke the truth Clinton " he jabbed . Pence also her husband the record Pence that the campaign is united after reports surfaced earlier this week that it was in disarray . the campaign We are united . This Pence is united , " Pence declared . 
 Pence 