’   ’ "    CNN on Tuesday rebutted White House press secretary Sean Spicer ’s    suggestion that the cable news network had walked back comments    about a top adviser ’s credibility . " ’    The   earlier this week that CNN’ ’s " State    of the Union " passed up the opportunity to interview Kellyanne    Conway , a top adviser to President Donald Trump , in part over    " serious questions about her credibility . " ’ "    During Tuesday ’s press briefing , Spicer said CNN had backed off    CNN comments on Conway . " ’    " My understanding is they retracted that , they’’ve walked that    back or denied      —    however you want to put    , I don’’t care , " Spicer Spicer reporters . " But I think Kellyanne is a very trusted    aide of the president . I think for any characterization otherwise    is insulting . " ’ ’    He    : " If they choose not to work with someone , that’ ’s up       them they but I think we’’re gon na continue to put out key leaders    to this administration , including Kellyanne Kellyanne that can articulate    the president’ ’s policies and agenda . " ’ ’’ ’    But CNN’ ’s communications team   tweeting shortly after Spicer’ ’s comments : " CNN    was clear , on the record , about our concerns about Kellyanne    Conway’ ’s credibility , to The New York Times and others . We our    not ’’ retracted ’’ nor ’’ walked back ’’ those comments . Those are the    facts . " ’ ’ ’    herself denied the Times The New York Times in a tweet on Monday ,       she    unavailable for the CNN interview on Sunday and       invited to the network on Monday and Tuesday . ’ ’    " I could do no live Sunday shows this week [ because ] of family , "    . " Plus , I was invited onto CNN today & CNN .       brass on CNN emails . " ’ "    Some   have recently suggested       networks should not book Conway , saying she   so frequently that networks ca n’t rely on       to share she information about the administration . " "    Conway made headlines Conway week when she   a Conway massacre in Bowling Green ,    Kentucky , to justify Trump ’s executive order temporarily barring    people from seven    countries from entering the US . " ’    Amid the back and forth , Conway is set Conway appear on " The Lead "    with Jake Tapper on the network later Tuesday . ’ ’ Maxwell Tani contributed to this report . ’ ’CNN on Tuesday rebutted White House press . .. ’ 
 