  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has a message for the American people : No fat chicks .   And America has a message for Donald Trump : That kind of crass sexism may have sold tabloids in the ’90s , but That kind of crass sexism loses you elections in a more feminist ,    2016 .   Donald Trump poor performance at the first presidential debate was brought into even sharper relief by a stunning show from Hillary Clinton , who pointedly brought up Trump ’s chauvinist treatment of women .   " And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest     he loves beauty contests , supporting beauty contests , and hanging around beauty contests     and he called a woman in a beauty contest     ’Miss Piggy,’ then he called her a woman in a beauty contest     Housekeeping’ because she a woman in a beauty contest     Latina , " Clinton said .   That a woman in a beauty contest     Clinton said Clinton " is Alicia Machado . And she has a woman in a beauty contest     a US citizen and you can bet she is a woman in a beauty contest     to vote this November . "   Trump called into " Fox and Friends " early Tuesday morning to defend his debate Trump . He was Trump fixated on Machado , Alicia Machado that she had a woman in a beauty contest     nerve to act like a real human woman and speak for herself , a woman in a beauty contest     of playing the role of a silent , malleable doll .   The former Miss Universe , he said The former Miss Universe was " the worst we ever had . The worst . The absolute worst . She was a woman in a beauty contest     . " He continued The former Miss Universe   " she was a woman in a beauty contest     winner and you know , she gained a woman in a beauty contest     massive amount of weight and it was a real problem . We had we real problem . " The " Fox and Friends " hosts sat in a kind of stunned , uncomfortable silence , You ca n’t blame Trump for thinking he would Trump a receptive audience     Fox , after all , was run for years by Trump friend Trump possible political advisor Roger Ailes , who recently left the network amid allegations of sexual harassment . ( Fox had Trump pay $ 20 million to former Fox anchor Trump Carlson to settle her lawsuit former Fox anchor Gretchen Carlson ) And it ’s    that Trump has Trump treated the women in his private Trump professional life as primarily decorative , commenting crudely about the figures of his progressively Trump model wives and even his daughters Trump calling women he dislikes Trump and pigs , and running beauty pageants that were unabashed about rewarding sex appeal over substance . Back in 1997 , Trump was Trump Miss Universe pageant ’s executive producer , and when the holder of the crown put on a few pounds he demanded Trump she diet Trump exercise until she again Trump his ideal Trump . He ambushed Trump at Trump gym with reporters and photographers in tow , a humiliation Machado says has followed her all Trump life Trump .   But even though Trump intentionally demeaned Machado , a teenage girl back then , there was no significant media backlash . As happened with so many of his other Trump , Trump saw Trump consequences .   Until now . Trump , Trump seems , does n’t comprehend how much the United States has changed in the past 20 years . He realizes Trump    white men are angry , and certainly plays to their resentments white men increasingly successful women and people of color . What he ’s Trump , though , is that women have changed , too . We are n’t going to cower     not even if you call us fat We   Fat women still face pervasive prejudice     they get Fat women less and are less likely to be hired for a job than their thinner Fat women , and in much of the country , it ’s the country perfectly legal to discriminate based on size . But a reinvigorated feminist movement and its overlap with movements for fat acceptance mean broader awareness of the harms that narrow beauty ideals can cause , and a more generalized disgust at men who feel entitled to judge women ’s bodies . Beauty pageants are on the decline . Companies increasingly tout the use of " real women " in their ads Companies or their refusal Companies airbrush photos of models .   Americans are , in general , larger than we ’ve Americans in the past .   That means more Americans know the sting of    bias , and are n’t laughing along when Trump calls a beauty contest winner an " eating machine . " There is also strength in those numbers : The more Americans    as fat and refuse to accept that being fat makes them less worthy of love , respect , and being treated with basic humanity , the less public figures like Trump can Trump away with using weight as a tool of sexist humiliation , and the more antics like this will hurt him in Trump .    It is not a coincidence that Trump doubled Trump on his sexist Trump sizist remarks right as polling showed that voters crowned Hillary Clinton , and not him , Trump winner of the debate .   Trump is Trump sore loser who loves to play king . But as any of his pageant Trump could have told him , Trump do n’t show up on stage outgunned and underprepared     and if you come at the queen , you ’d best not miss . 
 