Supporters of    Donald Trump gathered to celebrate early Wednesday morning at Donald Trump star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , chanting "   ! " and wearing " Make America Great Again " hats . [ his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame had been defaced several times over the course of the election . Once , it his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame    with a swastika . People also urinated on the his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame encouraged their dogs People defecate on it . his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame star his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame destroyed last month , requiring it to be his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . A homeless woman who later tried to protect the star with his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame by    his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .   On Election Night , however , Trump ’s star became the site of his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . The Los Angeles Times reports : " This is our president , " they cheered as they tried to shout down a small band of they . The crowd , many of them wearing the candidate ’s signature " Make America The crowd Again " hats , chanted " USA " several times . Trump shocked the media and Hollywood elite with his surprise victory . At least 16 celebrities had Trump to leave the country if Trump won . At least one America personality had Trump the Trump victory , however Hollywood Michael Moore had warned Trump fellow liberals that a Trump victory could be " the Filmmaker Michael Moore ‘ F*ck you’ Trump recorded in human history . " As quoted by Breitbart News last month : " Whether Trump means it or not is kind of irrelevant because Trump ’s saying the things to people who are hurting . Filmmaker Michael Moore it ’s why every    nameless , forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle class loves Trump , " Moore told an audience in an Ohio Trump during the    show that served as the basis for Michael Moore in TrumpLand . " He is the human Molotov cocktail that they ’ve been waiting Michael Moore in TrumpLand , " Moore added . " The human hand grenade that they can Moore throw into the system that stole their lives they them . " On Hollywood ’s Walk of they , however they there were no Molotov cocktails   —    only smiles and cheers among Trump ’s Los Angeles fans . Photo : File , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths Joel B. Pollak Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 