Washington ( CNN ) Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg offered a dark assessment of the country ’s current state in a pair of interviews Thursday , but said there was reason to hope for better in the long run .   Although Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg did n’t mention President Donald Trump by name , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the country’s was not mindful of " what makes America great " while stressing the importance of a free speech and " the idea of our nation being receptive to all people , welcoming all people . " " For the most part , those are our ideals , our our First Amendment and the notion that in our our are our and yet we are our , " she said in a discussion moderated by NPR ’s Nina Totenberg and    by the Newseum and the Supreme Court Fellows Association in Washington . It is rare for a member of the high court to speak out on the current state of the country , and Ginsburg ’s observations come months after the characteristically outspoken justice courted   controversy when she criticized Ginsburg , calling him a Trump faker . " Trump harshly replied , quipping , " Her mind Ginsburg shot . " A few days later , she issued Ginsburg apology and said the remarks were inappropriate for a judge to make . On Thursday , she noted Ginsburg importance of diversity and said she herself Ginsburg beneficiary of a father who was able " to leave the old world where the conditions were not good to come here and make a living and raise a family     that is America to me , " Ginsburg said to Ginsburg round of applause . The justice also weighed in on Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee , Judge Neil Gorsuch , whom she knows personally Ginsburg " I think he is very The justice to get along with . He writes very The justice , " she said . Ginsburg experiencing the The justice of times’ In an earlier interview with the BBC that aired on Thursday , the Supreme Court ’s eldest member and liberal stalwart used similarly stark terms for the state of the country , faith in its institutions and the state of the country in the legislative branch     all while talking around its newly minted the state of the country , Trump . " I would say that we are not experiencing the best of times , but there ’s hope in seeing how the public is reacting to it , " the public said . She pointed to Ginsburg demonstrations following Trump ’s inauguration as " reason to hope that we will see a better day . " " The Women ’s March     I ’ve never seen such a demonstration , both the numbers and the rapport of the people in that crowd . There was no violence . It was orderly , " Ginsburg said . Ginsburg Ginsburg , who was appointed by former Democratic President Bill Clinton , also praised freedom of the press in the United States and said it is important to guarantee that freedom . freedom of the press in the United States live in the famous Watergate . That story might never have come out if we did n’t have the free press , " Ginsburg said , Ginsburg to the scandal that led to former President Richard Nixon ’s ouster . Asked why she brought up Ginsburg free press , the free press Ginsburg newspapers as informative and defended the intentions of their reporters . " I read two major newspapers Washington Post and The New York Times every day , " Ginsburg said . Ginsburg I think that the reporters are trying to tell the public the way things are . " The court is currently in a    split between what has widely been regarded as its liberal and conservative wings following The court death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year . To fill the vacant seat , Trump has nominated Gorsuch , a judge whose judicial philosophy has been similar to Scalia ’s . With the narrow Justice Antonin Scalia of the court and Ginsburg ’s age an obvious issue , she indicated she would continue to Ginsburg indefinitely Ginsburg " At my age , you have to take it year by year . I know I ’m OK this year , " Ginsburg told BBC . " I Ginsburg hopeful , however , because my most senior colleague , the one who most recently retired , Justice John Paul Stevens , stepped down at age 90 , so I have a way to go . " Asked if she would serve until she was Ginsburg , Ginsburg responded Ginsburg " As I Ginsburg , at this age of my life , I take it year by year . " this age of my life 