  ( CNN ) The iceberg wedge salads , dripping with blue cheese dressing , had just been served on the terrace of     Saturday when the call to President Donald Trump came in : North Korea had launched an    ballistic missile , North Korea first challenge to international rules since President Donald Trump was sworn in three weeks ago . The launch , which was n’t expected , presented President Donald Trump with one of the first breaking national security incidents of his presidency . Trump with one of the also noisily disrupted what was meant to be an easygoing weekend of    male bonding with the more sobering aspects of global diplomacy . Sitting alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , with whom he ’d spent most of the day golfing , Trump with one of the took the call on a mobile phone at he table , which was set squarely in the middle of the private club ’s dining area .   As    ’s wealthy members looked on from ’s wealthy members tables , and with a keyboard player crooning in the background , Trump with one of the and Abe ’s evening meal quickly morphed into a strategy session , the    on full view to fellow diners , who described it in detail to CNN . News of Pyongyang ’s launch had emerged an hour earlier , as Trump with one of the was preparing for dinner in Trump with one of the residence . Officials had concluded the    missile flew 310 miles off North Korea ’s eastern coast before crashing into the Sea of Japan . For the new commander in chief , News of Pyongyang’s launch was his the new commander in chief brush with the hermit regime ’s    which along with heated rhetoric from the young leader Kim    has spooked the Japan neighbors . During his    Trump , Trump requested supplemental information about North Korea from US intelligence officials . National security analysts have identified the nation ’s nuclear program as one of the imminent threats facing Trump as he Trump the young leader Kim    tenure the young leader Kim    the White House . In his talks the young leader Kim    Abe at the White House the White House the North Korea threat North Korea . Abe said during a concluding news Abe that he and Trump had agreed Trump Abe strongly demand " the country " abandon ( its ) nuclear and ballistic missile the country . " They departed a short time later he and Trump had agreed to "strongly demand" the country "abandon (its) nuclear and ballistic missile program Florida . On Saturday evening , as the two men walked through    he and Trump had agreed to "strongly demand" the country "abandon (its) nuclear and ballistic missile program doors on their way to dinner , neither responded to he and Trump had agreed to "strongly demand" the country "abandon (its) nuclear and ballistic missile program about the launch from reporters . Swanning through the club ’s living room and main dining area alongside Abe , Trump was     as is now typical     swarmed with paying members , who now view dinner at the club as an opportunity for a few seconds of face time with the new President .    But as he sat down for the planned working dinner the new President Abe , whose country is well within range Abe North Korea ’s missiles , it was clear his counterpart felt it necessary to respond to the new President test . it launch occurred just before 8 a. m. on Sunday morning in Japan . Trump ’s national security adviser Michael Flynn and chief strategist Steve Bannon left their seats to huddle closer to Trump as national security adviser Michael Flynn and chief strategist Steve Bannon were produced and phone calls Trump placed to officials in Washington and Tokyo . Presidents always travel with secure communications equipment , even when they ’re on vacation . A Sensitive Compartmented Presidents Facility , known as a SCIFF , also comes along . The    structure can fit inside a hotel room and allows a president to conduct sensitive phone calls without The President of being detected by recording devices . At     on Saturday , it had not been immediately clear whether Trump utilized that equipment , but White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters Monday he had . " The President was briefed in White House spokesman Sean Spicer SCIFF prior to dinner , " Spicer told reporters Monday . " They were reviewing White House spokesman Sean Spicer logistics for Monday press conference . .. President was subsequently briefed in a classified setting . The President On Saturday night , the patio was lit only with candles and moonlight , so aides used the camera lights on their phones to help the    Trump and Abe aides through the documents .   Even as a flurry of advisers and translators descended upon the table carrying papers and phones for their bosses to consult , dinner itself proceeded apace papers and phones Waiters cleared the wedge salads and brought along the main course as Trump and Abe continued consulting with aides .   the   Trump lady Abe Trump and Abe ’s wife , Akie , remained seated across Abe husbands , speaking quietly through a translator amid the First lady Melania Trump and Abe’s wife, Akie . Earlier in the day , the women had toured a nearby Japanese garden and visited the gothic      church , where Trump and his wife were married in 2005 . Eventually Trump and Trump , along with their collection of aides , stood Abe moved from the Eventually Trump and Abe terrace and toward a    ballroom , whose gilded columns were concealed by more    black drapes . Standing in front of an American and Japanese flag , a    Abe called the launch " absolutely intolerable , " and insisted North Korea adhere to United Nations Security Council resolutions barring it from testing of ballistic missiles . Trump , in North Korea short remarks , did n’t mention the launch . Trump used a short statement to vow the launch Japan instead Trump " I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan , its great ally , 100 % , " Trump Japan . the United States of America declined to read from a set of Trump remarks , Trump photographers captured images of , that were resting on his podium . Those remarks did mention the missile test specifically Trump vowed cooperation a set of prepared remarks, which photographers captured images of, that were resting on his podium to " safeguard and protect " against North Korea ’s " provocative acts . " " That was a joint statement we decided not to make , " a senior administration official said afterward , explaining why those remarks were cast aside . Because Abe spoke first , and a set of prepared remarks, which photographers captured images of, that were resting on his podium , there was " no need for communique , " the official said . Trump left the impromptu briefing room without taking questions a senior administration official delivered the first Trump foreign policy statement of his presidency , But even as he confronted one of the gravest matters of Trump office , Trump nonetheless found Trump impossible to resist dropping in on a Trump wedding reception Trump already underway in his treasured Grand Ballroom . Trump designed and built the space himself after purchasing Trump in the 1980s . Trump the ornate room , Trump took a photo with the bride and her bridesmaids , who posed in Trump gowns next to the commander in chief Trump mimicking his signature   . Then he grabbed a microphone . " I saw them the commander in chief on the lawn today the commander in chief " Trump said of the bride and groom , who were standing nearby . " Trump said to the Prime Minister of Japan , I said , ’C’mon Shinzo , let ’s go over and say hello.’ " " They ’ve been members of this the Prime Minister of Japan for a long time , " Trump them of the newlyweds . " They ’ve paid me a fortune . Trump 
 them 