Media Research Center president Brent Bozell called on Univision to remove Jorge Ramos from Jorge Ramos position after the Latino anchor called on fellow journalists to end fellow journalists impartial coverage of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in an    published in Time Magazine and an appearance Thursday night on Fox News ’s Kelly File . [ " By deciding to openly take sides and urging all journalists to be as unethical as he is in he coverage of this year ’s U. S. presidential election , Univision anchor Jorge Ramos has rendered U. S. presidential election, Univision anchor Jorge Ramos incapable of serving as a credible , impartial news anchor for Univision millions of viewers , " Bozell said in a statement .   " At the very least , Univision Univision remove Ramos Jorge Ramos the network ’s national evening news anchor chair , from now through Election Day . If Jorge Jorge Ramos any sense left of professional integrity , he should Jorge Ramos his resignation Jorge Ramos pursue his new Jorge Ramos , as an      political activist , " the MRC head added . " It does n’t matter who you are —   a journalist , a politician or a voter —   we ’ll all be judged by how we responded we Donald Trump . Like it or not , this election is a plebiscite on the most divisive , polarizing and disrupting figure in American politics in decades . And neutrality is not an option , " Ramos wrote in an    published in Time Magazine on Tuesday . He    Ramos his highly Ramos    position with Megyn Kelly on her Fox Megyn Kelly program Thursday night : Kelly : Megyn Kelly ’s Ramos Jorge Ramos ] getting attention for calling on his fellow Ramos to drop their impartiality when it his fellow journalists to candidate Trump , writing , " It does n’t matter who you are —   a journalist , a politician , or a voter , we ’ll all be judged by how we responded to Donald we . What candidate Trump mean by that ? Because you come out specifically and say neutrality is not an option , even for journalists . Explain . Ramos : I think neutrality ’s not an option when you watch as a journalist are confronted with racism , discrimination , corruption , public lies , dictatorship , or violations of human rights . I think Edward R. Murrow and Walter Cronkite got it right . There are certain instances in which you have to take a stand . Ramos said that Kelly herself Ramos taken a stand when she asked Trump about remarks Kelly herself had made about women Trump a fall debate of GOP candidates hosted by Fox News . But Kelly disagreed with that assessment Kelly " That was me asking a question . I identified an issue , and thought it worthy of a question an issue It was n’t ‘ Here an issue what Megyn Kelly thinks of you,’ Kelly said . On his partisan Kelly against Trump , Kelly told Kelly : It is not exactly Kelly opinion . I do n’t know if Donald Trump is a racist . Trump n’t know what ’s in his head , but I do know Trump ’s coming out of his mouth . And when he says Trump Mexican immigrants are criminals Trump rapists , and drug traffickers , that ’s a racist remark . When he says that a judge , simply Trump of his ethnic heritage , can not be Trump of a case simply because of that , simply because he ’s Latino , that ’s a Trump remark . And I think we as journalists , we have to call it out . we Donald Trump does n’t consider himself a racist but 73 percent of Donald Trump think that he is . Newsbusters noted that " Donald Trump however called out Ramos a bit , asking if he discloses the fact that his daughter Donald Trump Ramos has ‘ a Donald Trump position,’ within the Hillary Clinton campaign whenever he covers an aspect of the election his daughter Paolo Ramos " They went on : " Is this the Hillary Clinton campaign for you , in that way ? " she pressed . " I ’ve disclosed Hillary Clinton many , many times   …      in other words , that ’s [ Paolo ’s ] decision , and I have absolutely nothing to do with that , " Ramos concluded . Ramos notes that he had published a Ramos on the Ramos website identifying the younger Ramos’ connection to Clinton . " We maintain that , in part , through transparency with our audience , our colleagues and our We , " We wrote in We on the matter Ramos In his Time Magazine    Ramos completely shed Ramos pretense of objectivity in his reporting on Trump : Regardless of Ramos Donald Trump wins or loses , we Trump asked on November 9th : What did you do ? Did you support him ? Were you brave enough , ethical Trump , to challenge him when he insulted immigrants , Muslims , Trump , Trump heroes and people with disabilities ? Are you on the record correcting his lies ? Did you discuss with your Trump and family that in a democracy like ours there is no room for racism and discrimination ? Or did you just sit idly , silently , allowing others to decide the future of the United States ? Because you will be asked . Trump has forced journalists to revisit rules of objectivity and fairness . Just providing both points of view is not enough in the current presidential campaign . If a candidate is making racist and sexist remarks , we can not hide in the principle of neutrality . That ’s a false equivalence . Ken    MRC ’s Latino director , noted that Ramos has a history of using Time Magazine as a venue for his biased political opinions : " Talking with Ken    magazine back in 2014 , Jorge Ramos Time Magazine ‘ with the political Ramos have been taking lately , obviously I am running the risk of losing credibility.’ By deciding to openly take sides in this year ’s U. S. presidential election , Jorge Ramos now needs to face the full consequences Ramos whatever credibility he had left as a journalist , "     said Ramos the MRC statement . " He certainly no longer deserves to be seen by his Ramos as an impartial , unaligned and credible source Ramos news , " he added . 
 Ramos 