  ( CNN ) The US Secret Service is investigating an informal adviser to Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign after he called for Hillary Clinton ’s execution . Al Baldasaro , a New Hampshire state representative , told radio host Jeff Kuhner Tuesday that Hillary Clinton’s " should be put in the firing line and shot for treason . " " The US Secret Service is aware of this matter and will conduct the appropriate investigation , " said Shawn L. Holtzclaw , a spokesman for the Secret Service . The US Secret Service Hicks told CNN the campaign " does not agree with those statements . " She declined to characterize Baldasaro ’s Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks with the campaign or whether he would the campaign travel with Trump Baldasaro occasion . Baldasaro , who serves as an informal adviser to Trump on veterans issues , has been Trump on occasion Trump ’s most prominent supporters on the Trump trail , frequently introducing the candidate at events in New Hampshire . He has also traveled with the campaign Trump events around the country the campaign spoke during a news conference earlier this year after Trump invited him to the podium while fending Trump criticism Trump his lack of transparency in doling out funds Trump for veterans charities . Clinton ’s campaign communications director responded strongly . " Donald Trump ’s overtaking of the Republican Party Trump his constant escalation of outrageous rhetoric     is in Trump of mainstreaming the kind of hatred that has long been relegated to the fringes of American politics where it belongs , " Jennifer Palmieri said . " This week at the Republican convention , we ’ve seen the clearest embodiment yet of this dangerous phenomenon . "   Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton on Wednesday objected to Baldasaro ’s comments . " That ’s not keeping with the best traditions of American politics . We have opponents . We have adversaries . We do n’t have enemies in We politics so I We n’t agree with that kind American rhetoric , " Cotton , a former U. S. army infantry officer , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . " " That kind of rhetoric has no place in our politics . " RELATED : The GOP convention ’s unofficial slogan : ’Lock her up’ While Cotton acknowledged " geniune and serious concerns " about Clinton ’s conduct during the Benghazi attack , the junior Arkansas senator said the American people would judge Clinton presumptive nominee . " I think her extremely careless handling of classified information , to use FBI director Jim the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee ’s term , disqualifies her from being president , but I think the way to handle that the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee to let the American people make the choice and render their verdict this November , the American people . Baldasaro called Clinton a disgrace for the American people to the families of the four men killed in Libya and for her use of private email servers while secretary of state . " This whole thing the Democratic Party’s presumptive nominee me . Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason , " Clinton in the interview , which was first reported by BuzzFeed . 
 Clinton 