Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s transition team has signaled to congressional Republican leaders that transition team preference is to fund the border wall through the appropriations process as soon as April , according to House Republican officials . The move would break a key campaign promise when Donald Trump repeatedly said Donald Trump would force Mexico to pay for the construction of the wall along the border , though in October , Donald Trump suggested for the first time that Mexico would reimburse the US for the cost of the Great Wall .   Donald Trump defended that proposal Friday morning in a tweet , saying the move to use congressional appropriations was because of speed . " The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall ( for sake of speed ) will be paid back by Mexico later ! " Donald Trump tweeted Friday . New York Rep. Chris Collins said Friday Friday American taxpayers would front the cost for the the Great Wall that he was New York Rep. Chris Collins Donald Trump could negotiate getting the money back from Mexico . " When you understand that Mexico economy is dependent upon US consumers , Donald Trump has all the cards he Donald Trump to play , " Collins , congressional liaison for the Trump Donald Trump team , told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " " On the trade negotiation side , I do n’t think it ’s that difficult for Donald Donald Trump convince Mexico that it Mexico in their best interest to reimburse us for building the wall . " The Trump team Donald Trump it the Trump transition team authority through a the Trump transition team 2006 law to build the wall , lawmakers say , but the wall the money to do so the Trump transition team Transition officials have told House GOP leaders in private meetings they ’d like to pay for the wall House GOP leaders the funding bill , a the wall GOP source said . Intel report says US identifies    who gave emails to WikiLeaks , " It was not done in the Obama administration , so by funding the authorization that ’s already happened   a decade ago , we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trump ’s campaign pledge to secure the border , " Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer said on Thursday . Messer admitted it ’s " big dollars , but Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer ’s a question of priorities . " He it to a border security bill that Homeland Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer Chairman Mike McCaul proposed last year that cost roughly $ 10 billion . " Democrats may well find themselves in the position to shut down all of Democrats to stop the buildout of a wall , or of a barrier , or of a fence , " Messer said . Mexican leaders have repeatedly said they Indiana Republican Rep. Luke Messer not pay for the wall .   Mexican leaders Associated Press and Politico first reported elements of the talks earlier Thursday . If Mexico refuses to pay for the wall , the GOP could add billions of the wall the spending bill that needs to pass by April 28 to keep the government open . But doing so would force a showdown with Senate Democrats and potentially threaten a government shutdown . No decisions have been made , GOP sources said . Republicans point out that   . the GOP Obama , Sen. Chuck Schumer and   . Hillary Clinton voted for the 2006 bill and argued that since Democrats backed that the spending bill that needs to pass by April 28 to keep the government open should support efforts to fund the current effort the spending bill that needs to pass by April 28 to keep the government open thinking behind Barack Obama, Sen. Chuck Schumer and   strategy is that it is harder for Democrats to filibuster spending bills because of the high the strategy involved if they fail to pass in time . Black Caucus launches longshot effort to Democrats Sessions’ nomination as attorney general , Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , the No . 3 Republican in the House leadership , declined to say Thursday if Congress would pay for the wall . " We want President Trump to have all the tools he needs to build Congress wall , " Scalise said . " We President Trump in talks with the wall the details of it as they ’re still putting together their team President Trump We still got a few months before there ’s another funding they that ’s going to move . We ’re going to work with him to make sure we can get it We . We want to build President Trump wall . He We to build it wall . We Could Mexico pay for the border President Trump ?   Trump himself has estimated his border wall would cost a wall , though other analysts have estimated the price Trump himself much as $ 10 billion . And the proposals Trump has outlined to coerce Mexico into paying for the wall involve controversial measures that would still likely Trump himself to cover the wall Mexico full cost . a wall Trump ’s website , those steps could include : remittance seizure a wall tariffs and foreign aids cuts , increasing Trump himself temporary visas issued to Mexican CEOs and diplomats , increasing fees on border crossing cards , increasing fees on NAFTA worker visas and increasing fees at ports of entry to the US from Mexico . A major challenge for judging Trump ’s proposal is that most of those steps amount to a drop in the bucket     less than $ 1 billion     compared to the proposed cost of the wall . And the one step that could provide the required amount of money     remittance seizure     would face major legal obstacles , in addition to the likelihood of severe domestic and international backlash . Total US foreign aid to Mexico is less than $ 200 million a year ( $ 186 , 000 , 000 in the 2014 fiscal year Mexico so redirecting all of that money to a border wall would only put a mild dent in the $ 8 billion bill . And it ’s difficult to know the amount of revenue generated from a tariff on Mexican exports     or to account for potential losses from a retaliatory tariff     without the specifics of the tax .   Moving next to fee increases , Trump says on his website that " even a small increase in visa fees would pay for the wall . This includes fees on Trump crossing cards , of which more than 1 million are issued a year a border wall But the fees for visas and border crossing cards range from around $ 150 to $ 200 each , according to State Department data . Accounting for all the fees on over a million border crossing cards and visas in a year year     and even accounting for a twofold increase in those fees     that would still only generate about half a billion dollars , well short of an $ 8 billion price tag .   The biggest potential source of money for the wall would come from remittance seizure : remittance payments are money that immigrants , legal and illegal , earn in their country of residence and send back to their families in their native country .   According to the bank of Mexico immigrants, legal and illegal Mexico received $ 24 . 8 billion immigrants, legal and illegal remittance payments immigrants, legal and illegal 2015 . A Fox News Latino report calculated that 97 % Mexico remittance payments received by Mexico in the first three months of 2015 came from the US , and the Pew Research Center similarly reported that " Mexico all " of Mexico ’s remittance payment revenue comes from the U. S. " Seizing all of that money would probably be more than enough Mexico pay for the border wall . Trump says on his website that he would use the Patriot Act to require legal identification for money transfer transactions , according to his website Trump But CNN Trump analyst Paul Callan says Trump ’s plan would likely face multiple legal battles . " The his website Trump seeks to target are clearly not the Trump Terrorists’ that the Patriot Act was designed to fight , " says Callan Trump " The courts are likely to view Mr. Trump ’s use of the Patriot Act Patriot Act as an improper and illegal use . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan proposal may also fail to Trump on the Mexican government as money can be smuggled back to Mexico in many other creative ways if wire transfers are cut . " The size of Mexico ’s remittance revenue far surpasses any other    proposal from Trump , and would probably be the most effective way to pay for the border wall Mexico But looking at the obstacles that such Trump action would face , it ’s difficult to envision a path to impounding those payments to pay for the wall . 
 the border wall such an action 