         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as Politics   Policy Daily , a daily roundup of events and ideas in American politics written specially for newsletter subscribers . To sign up , please enter your email address in the field provided here .      The 115th Congress was sworn in and in an emergency meeting , House Republicans voted to reverse Monday ’s decision to dismantle the Office of Congressional Ethics after receiving criticism from Speaker Paul Ryan and    Donald Trump . House Republicans    Paul Ryan to another term as speaker . George W. and Laura Bush and Bill and Hillary Clinton will attend Trump ’s inauguration . Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly will leave the network for NBC Fox News Ford will invest $ 700 million in an existing plant in Michigan rather than opening a new factory in Mexico . Taking A Deeper Look : After House Republicans voted to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics , Donald Trump " mildly scolded " them in House Republicans voted to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics series of tweets Tuesday . In doing so , he " Donald Trump have helped tip the balance against it , the balance he may Donald Trump have jumped in just in time to claim credit for a shift that was already underway . " ( David A. Graham ) The Final Countdown : With less than three weeks left until Inauguration Day , the Trump transition Donald Trump is behind schedule in vetting its Cabinet the Trump transition team , which threatens to leave a number of senior positions vacant . So , what went wrong ? ( Russell Berman ) Preserve , Protect , Defend : President Obama will leave " the Constitution weaker than at the beginning of his terms President Obama " argues Garrett Epps . " It now the Constitution pass into the hands of a chief executive who appears to have no respect for its limits the Constitution " Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics   Policy portal . Are They Ready ? : Republicans in Congress have spent the last eight years fighting the executive branch . Now , the ball is in their court Republicans in Congress writes Carl Hulse , and " if they can Republicans in Congress the votes , their ideas Republicans in Congress become law —   with all the attendant consequences . " ( The New York Times ) A Threat to All Americans : Donald Trump and congressional Republicans have pledged to repeal the Affordable Care Act , but the law " touches just about everyone " —   from senior citizens to small business employees . Here ’s how . ( Tami Luhby , CNN ) A New Sheriff in Town : As speaker of the House , Paul Ryan led the Republican resistance to President Obama , but now that Donald Trump is taking over the White House , Ryan will Paul Ryan on more of a supporting role . How will Ryan handle Paul Ryan new Paul Ryan in fortunes ? ( Rachael Bade and John Bresnahan , Politico ) ‘ We Were n’t Social Visionaries’ : Developers of the 401 ( k ) assumed that " the    plan would supplement a company pension that guaranteed payouts for life . "    years later , the program has fallen short of expectations . ( Timothy W. Martin , The Wall Street Journal ) Democracy in the Streets : " Movements are born in the moments when abstract principles become concrete concerns , " writes Jelani Cobb . Trump ’s rise , he argues Trump may bring about a reemergence of civil disobedience reminiscent of the 1960s . ( The New Yorker )    ‘ Nuclear North Korea’ : Reuters breaks down the country ’s history of nuclear development and tests dating back to the 1950s in these graphics . The 115th Congress was sworn in Tuesday , including a few new lawmakers . What    exercises would you suggest to help the    members adjust to the pace and demands of life in Congress ? The 115th Congress your answers to hello@theatlantic . com , and our favorites will be featured in Friday ’s Politics   Policy Daily .    by Elaine Godfrey ( @elainejgodfrey ) and Candice Norwood ( @cjnorwoodwrites ) 
 