  ( CNN ) When Palestinian militant group Hamas announced Palestinian militant group Hamas new policy document to the world , its new policy document was n’t from Ramallah or Gaza City , but from the Sheraton hotel ’s gilded Salwa Ballroom in Doha .    It was no surprise that Palestinian militant group Hamas chose Qatar . It ’s the home of outgoing Hamas leader , Khaled Meshaal , and much of outgoing Hamas leader, Khaled Meshaal senior leadership . " Qatar is quite important for Palestinian militant group Hamas , " said H. A. Hellyer , a senior    fellow at the Atlantic Council . " Qatar provides strong financial aid to the occupied Palestinian territories and is a safe haven for a number of Palestinian militant group Hamas leaders . " The recent crisis in the Persian Gulf region is putting that relationship in jeopardy . Earlier this month , nine countries including Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Egypt , and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar and imposed financial embargoes of varying severity .   The announcement was the culmination of a feud that had been simmering for years . nine countries including Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt, and Bahrain accused Doha of assisting terrorist organizations , providing support for the Muslim Brotherhood and of being far too cozy with Iran .    OPINION : Do n’t be fooled by Hamas’ rebranding , Ironically perhaps , Qatar ’s Qatar Hamas had not been among the biggest issues dividing the region .   Unlike the US , Britain , and Europe , all of which designate Hamas as a Hamas organization , Arab states     including Qatar     do Qatar . This was something Qatar ’s Foreign Qatar to remind people in an interview with Russia ’s RT , in response to a call from his Saudi counterpart that Qatar’s Foreign Minister stop supporting Hamas Qatar " The US views Hamas as a terror Hamas . But to the rest of the Arab nations , it is a legitimate resistance movement . We do not support Hamas , we support Hamas Palestinian We , " Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani said .   " Hamas’ presence [ in Doha ] is coordinated with the US and the countries in the region , and it ’s part of "Hamas’ presence [in Doha] effort to mediate We the Palestinian factions to reach reconciliation . " OPINION : Hamas has a huge    problem , Unreasonably squeezed ? For its part , Hamas Hamas it is Hamas squeezed Hamas . " The Gulf Countries are pressuring Qatar to cut relations with resistance organizations . This is unacceptable and we refuse this pressure We " Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoom Hamas in a statement to CNN . " We are a resistance movement and the whole world is a witness to this . " Hamas is seen as Hamas been under a series of pressures for the last few years , reflected in some significant internal changes .   Last month , a new leader was announced     Ismail Haniya is taking over from longtime leader Meshaal     at the same time as the militant group issued its new policy document the militant group   While Israel pointed to the fact the new document continued its new policy document resistance , and a commitment to the " rejection of the Zionist entity , " others observers said the document ’s description of a its new policy document with the borders existing on the eve of the Six Day War in 1967 provided evidence of a new moderation . As Hamas rank and file were digesting those changes , so the leadership was suddenly forced to pay careful attention to diplomatic developments . Hellyer sees two main reasons the nine regional allies are turning their attention towards Hamas . " First the nine regional allies Hamas has Hamas to the Muslim Brotherhood Hamas , which puts it in the firing line of Abu Hamas and Saudi Arabia , " Hellyer says . " But I think Hellyer has more to do with a western audience . The Saudi rulers took advantage of Trump ’s recognition of them as a powerful actor in the The Saudi rulers and that might have encouraged them . " Al Jazeera : ’Thorn’ The Saudi rulers Jazeera , based in Qatar , has been a thorn in the side of regional autocrats for years . Qatar ’s regional influence also comes from Qatar Islamists , whether it is the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas at Qatar’s regional influence end of the spectrum , or Al Qaeda at the other .   Doha has used this sway to negotiate with various groups including the Taliban , as well as to help negotiate ceasefires between Israel and Hamas .   In late 2010 and into 2011 , Qatar saw its influence throughout the Middle East rise sharply Qatar Al Jazeera , already a thorn in the side of Arab autocrats , reported extensively on the Arab Spring .   The Al Jazeera Arabic channel grew additional roots in Egypt after the uprising and election of Mohamed Morsy who hailed from the Muslim Brotherhood . The international community praised the new Egyptian president for bringing a swift end to a war between Gaza militants and Israel that same year .    In the long run , though , as it unraveled across the region , the Arab    proved to be disastrous for Hamas , which saw the number of countries it could call a friend whittled away .    Hamas had very strong relations with Syria , Hamas , Qatar , Turkey and Iran , " says Mustafa Barghouti , an independent Palestinian politician . " Things have changed over time so they had to diversify relations . "   Hamas from Damascus , Before 2012 , the Hamas leadership was based out of Damascus . Tensions grew between the militants and Damascus regime of Syrian President Bashar Al Assad as revolution gripped the country . Eventually , Hamas sided with Syrian and cut ties Hamas some extent with Syria , Hezbollah , and Iran .   " Hamas lost a lot in the uprisings , Hamas says Hellyer . " This is one of the reasons why Qatar stepped in . " Qatar , a strong supporter of both the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Hamas , took advantage of the situation . Hamas the fall of 2012 , the head of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani , Qatar the Gaza Strip becoming the first world leader to do so under Hamas control . The emir inaugurated projects worth Hamas of millions Hamas . In the vacuum left by other countries , Qatar saw its influence over the Strip rising quickly . Qatar Doha Qatar ambitions hit the Gaza Strip the Gaza Strip July 3 , 2013 when Mohamed Morsy was ousted by Egypt ’s military in a coup . The Muslim Brotherhood were stripped of their power and their influence . The new ruler     General The Muslim Brotherhood Fatah El The Muslim Brotherhood     was hostile toward Qatar and Hamas .   He accused Hamas of supporting the Brotherhood in the    violence The new ruler    General Abdel Fatah El Sisi     Hundreds Hamas smuggling tunnels The Muslim Brotherhood the border with Gaza , were taken out of action , thus severing a vital lifeline to the coastal strip . Indeed , relations between Hamas and Cairo grew so bad that Egyptian pundits cheered Israel and Hamas Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during the 2014 war between Gaza Militants and Israel . Less than three years later , and Gaza Egyptian resentment Israel shared by its Arab allies , exists now as Egyptian power play aimed at Egyptian Qatar to its will . " It ’s difficult to imagine Qatar able to Qatar out against such a restrictive system around them Qatar I expect quite a few people in Qatar are looking for a way to compromise , " explains Hellyer Qatar " The problem is , the temperature has risen so much so quickly that there are no face saving measures . If Doha concedes to the demands , it ’ll look quite bad for Doha internally . " A break with Qatar ? Perhaps the most Doha sign of any acquiescence would be Qatar Qatar to expel the Hamas leadership . Sudan or Turkey might be Qatar of refuge if that were to happen , according to Hallyer . " Until this moment , Qatar has n’t informed us of any decision to leave Doha , Qatar says Palestinian militant group Hamas Barhoom . " Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoom in many countries Doha Hamas had elections and will consider new arrangements us The residency of Hamas leadership might us according to a decision taken by Hamas leadership itself . " A break with Qatar would n’t break Hamas     the organization has survived before without Qatar ’s money Qatar Hamas it would Hamas the the United Nations in Gaza , say Qatar According to the United Nations the United Nations the unemployment rate in the Gaza is more than 40 % and 1 million people rely on food the Gaza Strip the UN ’s Palestinian refugee agency . " It ’s a very serious , dangerous and explosive situation , " says Barghouti . " Qatar has been helping the Qatar by supplying them with electricity and fuel . Breaking ties would drastically affect the civilians . My worry is squeezing Hamas the Gazans much could lead to certain splits and allow Hamas radicalization . " Ultimately , he says , this feud between the Gulf countries could have The Gulf Countries on Palestinian ambitions for an independent state My worry " Internal disputes in the Arab world , between Arab countries , are bad for Palestine . One very important effect is that this distracts from the Palestinian need for liberation and independence , " says Barghouti . " We Palestinians need these problems resolved as soon as possible . " Correction and clarification : An earlier Barghouti of this article had the incorrect unemployment rate for Gaza . Gaza ’s unemployment rate is above 40 % . The article also referred to the new Hamas Gaza document Gaza charter . This article has been changed to Hamas accurately this article fact . 
 this article 