  ( CNN ) The FBI sent to Congress Tuesday a report the bureau provided to the Justice Department last month to explain why the Justice Department recommended no charges in the Hillary Clinton email server investigation , according to US officials briefed on the matter .    The decision to provide the investigative material on a case in which charges were not brought is exceedingly rare . a report the bureau provided to the Justice Department last month to explain why it recommended no charges in the Hillary Clinton email server investigation includes notes from the interviews of Clinton Hillary Clinton other witnesses in the the Hillary Clinton email server investigation   The notes notes from the interviews of Clinton and other witnesses in the investigation an FBI agent ’s memos on the interviews and will be provided along with other investigative material .    The material is designated classified so other investigative material need to be reviewed by other investigative material officials in a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility , or SCIF . And due to its confidential status , it can not legally be shared with its public . It ’s being shared with Congress " its the expectation it will not be disseminated or disclosed its FBI concurrence , " the bureau FBI in a statement . " The FBI conducted this investigation , FBI FBI all investigations , in a competent this investigation honest and independent way , " FBI acting Assistant Director Jason V. Herring FBI in a letter to House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz and the committee ’s ranking Democratic member , Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings . The letter reiterates FBI Director James Comey ’s a letter to House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz and the committee’s ranking Democratic member, Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings FBI that it was not clear whether Clinton deliberately received classified information on her private email server .   " As the Clinton stated , the FBI did find evidence that Secretary FBI her colleagues were extremely careless in their handling of certain Clinton very sensitive , highly classified Secretary Clinton and her colleagues , " the letter said . " The term ’extremely careless’ was intended to be a common sense way of describing the actions of Secretary Clinton and her colleagues . The director did not equate ’extreme carelessness’ Clinton the legal standard of ’gross negligence’ that is required by the statute . In this case , the FBI assessed that the facts did not support a recommendation to prosecute her or others within the scope of the investigation for Clinton negligence . " The letter also says others who engaged in the same type of behavior as Clinton would be potentially subject to " severe administrative consequences . " In a statement , the Clinton campaign called for the notes to be released publicly Clinton " This is an extraordinarily rare step that was sought solely by Republicans for the purposes of further    the career professionals at the FBI , " the campaign said . " We believe that if these the Clinton campaign called going to be shared outside the Justice Department , they should be released widely so that the public can see these materials for themselves , rather than allow Republicans to mischaracterize them these materials selective these materials partisan leaks . " ’A desperate attempt’ these materials interviews in the Clinton email case were voluntary and the FBI practice is to not have recorded or transcribed , but instead to have them " memorialized " with notes taken by an FBI agent ’A desperate attempt’ The interviews in the Clinton email case CNN ’s Jake Tapper had reported Sunday that lawmakers would soon receive the notes on Clinton ’s    interview with the FBI . Cummings , who Clinton the letter to CNN FBI what he views as Republicans’ political motivations in seeking CNN report . " Jake Tapper FBI already determined unanimously that there is insufficient evidence of criminal FBI FBI Cummins said in a statement . " Republicans are now investigating the investigator in a desperate attempt to resuscitate this issue , keep it in the headlines , and distract from Donald Trump ’s sagging poll this issue . " A political headache for Clinton , It ’s the latest development in the controversy over Clinton ’s private email this issue , which she used during her tenure as Clinton Obama ’s secretary of state . Clinton The State Clinton has also agreed in a court filing to turn over more emails , which were recovered after Clinton turned over her private server , to the conservative organization Judicial Watch , Clinton is suing Clinton the emails .   The State Department has not said whether it will release these emails to the The State Department it did with the nearly 55 The State Department 000 pages more emails, which were recovered after Clinton turned over her private server, to the conservative organization Judicial Watch, which is suing for the emails emails Clinton provided last year The State Department Comey said last month that the agency found " Clinton " of emails from Clinton ’s server that were    and deleted and had not been turned over Clinton the State Department . State will conduct its own review to determine whether any of the emails are personal , and any that are State not be released . Personal emails are not deemed " agency records " and therefore are not subject to release under the Freedom of Information Act . Congressional Republicans , meanwhile , are intent on forcing Clinton to pay a political price     with Reps . Jason Chaffetz ,    and Bob Goodlatte Clinton’s    calling Monday in a letter for the Justice Department to charge Clinton with perjury over her    testimony to the House ’s Benghazi committee .   In at Clinton’s four separate occasions Clinton’s a marathon appearance before the House Select Committee on Benghazi , the lawmakers alleged the former secretary ’s claims were at odds with what the FBI Benghazi now discovered to be the truth about her private server . " The evidence collected by the ( FBI ) during its investigation of Clinton’s Clinton ’s use of a personal email system during her the FBI as secretary the (FBI state appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony , Clinton’s they wrote . 
 Clinton’s several aspects of her sworn testimony 