George Washington University Law School Professor John Banzhaf was a guest on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , where George Washington University Law School Professor John Banzhaf discussed the constitutionality of Donald Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon . [ SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon asked if Democratic National Convention speaker Khizr Khan was correct to assert that Donald Trump’s idea violated the Constitution , a point he Democratic National Convention speaker Khizr Khan by waving a pocket copy of the document and asking if Trump Donald Trump’s ever read it the document   Banzhaf said it Banzhaf the view of " virtually all constitutional professors who have written on the topic " that Khan was wrong . " First of all , it is legal under current law for the president   —    by himself the president   without even getting the consent of Congress   —    under current law , Title VIII , Section 1182 , to prohibit   —    well , I ’ll read it . " He the president   , " ‘ Any aliens , or any class of aliens , into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the U. S.’ " Therefore , he the president   , " He the president   n’t have to provide any reason for doing it . If Congress joins him the president   it Congress joins him it Congress joins him stronger , more likely to be constitutional . " " We ’ve done this for over a hundred years , " Banzhaf noted . " We We something called the Chinese Exclusion Act , which is excluding , obviously , people on the basis of race . "   " Reason Number One why it is constitutional is something called the Plenary Power Doctrine . What this says , in simple terms , is that the ordinary constitutional protections , primarily equal protection , do not apply to people who are not U. S. citizens , and who are trying to enter the country , " he U. S. citizens . " This has been true for over a hundred years . Our Supreme Court has , time after time , turned away objections to restrictions based upon race , national origin , political belief , even under free speech grounds . " He U. S. citizens : So , on that ground , very clearly it ’s constitutional . The other is , even if we just look within the United States at people who are already here , what the courts have said is that you can distinguish on the basis of factors like race or religion , if it serves a compelling state interest , and if it it only one of several factors .   Elaborating , Banzhaf stated : That ’s the reason why , for example , we have affirmative action . Colleges can discriminate on the basis of race because we want to have diversity . Well , preventing terrorism is at least as important as having diversity in the classroom , and so as long as race is used as only one factor   —    or , in this case , religion is used as only one factor   —    we can apply different standards even in the U. S. for example in secondary searches on airplanes . Banzhaf said it Banzhaf a problem for the the U. S. " a lot of people have n’t read the Constitution , " but they " kinda a lot of people anything which they do n’t a lot of people , any proposal which they do n’t a lot of people , is both unconstitutional and a lot of people . "   He pointed to Banzhaf current controversy regarding the Muslim immigration ban , which he again noted Banzhaf a perfect mirror image of affirmative action , and rattled off a list of prominent politicians who have no doubts about the constitutionality of the latter : " Governor Jeb Bush , U. S. Senator Ted Cruz , Rep. Peter King , a woman named Hillary Clinton , President Barack Obama , and one of our most Democratic senators , Chuck Schumer . "   He further noted Chuck Schumer effective    programs involve this sort of allegedly unconstitutional discrimination based on race and religion , but support for such initiatives has not harmed the political fortunes of such figures as the NYPD ’s Ray Kelly , who has been touted as a potential secretary of Homeland Security . " A lot of people have supported the basic idea that , particularly to protect against terrorism , we can , to some extent , distinguish on the basis of factors like religion , " Banzhaf said , adding : So , for example , rather than treating all passengers exactly the same   —    same risk ,     child ,     Asian woman , no greater risk than a young Arabic or Muslim male , which makes no sense at all   —    we could provide more secondary screening to people who are , for example , young Muslim males or young Arabic males . That only makes sense , with regard to people coming into the country . " I ’m not saying whether it ’s a good idea or a bad idea , but it would be it , as we said , to bar all Muslims trying to come in . " He then suggested ’m Another compromise proposal might be , because we ca n’t we them very well when they ’re coming them as refugees , we do n’t we the paperwork and so on , we could say we " Okay , where there are doubts , we ’re going we let you in , but we ’re going we ask you to wear an ankle tracer . " Banzhaf offered further details of how such a program would work and analyzed its constitutionality : Banzhaf do that for people who are arrested for drunk driving and so on . It makes it a lot It to track them   — people who are arrested for drunk driving and so on and , as you know , from our Paris experience and for others , one of the big problems is , there are a lot of people out there . The authorities are worried about them . There The authorities lots of red flags , but they ca n’t The authorities them 24 hours lots of red flags day . Therefore , they do n’t The authorities do anything .   If you have ankle bracelets , one guy can sit in a room with a hundred television screens , track their movements   you have ankle bracelets    either in    or retroactively if something happens . If they wander near airports , or nuclear facilities , or some place which is suspicious , then the authorities can do something .   Would it work ? I do n’t know . Would it be constitutional ? Almost certainly yes . Banzhaf allowed that he has not Banzhaf everything Trump has said about his proposal to Banzhaf ban Muslim immigration . " Quite frankly , I get the impression that his plan is Banzhaf too clear or precisely spelled out , " he said . Banzhaf He summarized : Banzhaf the basic idea of limiting , or even preventing , the importation of    into the U. S. to become citizens , based upon factors like religion , or race , or nationality , I think virtually all constitutional scholars would say they may not virtually all constitutional scholars it , but we ca n’t say it ’s unconstitutional it particularly given this Plenary Power Doctrine , the equal protection clause does not apply to foreigners seeking admission to the U. S. the U. S. the law for over a hundred years . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 