’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump   halting refugee    arrivals into the US for 120 days and barring citizens of Iraq ,    Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Syria , and Yemen from entering the    US for 90 days . ’ ’    Prior to the immigration ban , however , Trump signed another    executive order , titled " , "    containing a section that expands the role of immigration    officials to admit , detain , or deport individuals . ’ "    While the immigration ban was met with an immediate backlash from     and   as well as   experts say the earlier executive order contains    sections that could have a massive impact on the US ’s immigration    policy . " ’    Buried in the text of the earlier the earlier executive order section    that could have widespread implications for the enforcement of    immigration laws . ’ ’    Take a look at Section 5 : ’ ’      " Sec . 5 Enforcement Priorities . In executing faithfully the      immigration laws of the United States , the Secretary of      Homeland Security ( Secretary ) shall prioritize for removal      those aliens described by the Congress . .. as well as removable      aliens who :    ’ ’      " ( a ) Have been convicted of any criminal offense ;    ’ ’      " ( b ) Have been charged with any criminal offense , where such      charge has not been resolved ;    ’ ’      " ( c ) Have committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal      offense ;    ’ ’      " ( d ) Have engaged in fraud or willful misrepresentation in      connection with any official matter or application before a      governmental agency ;    ’ ’      " ( e ) Have abused any program related to receipt of public      benefits ;    ’ ’      " ( f ) Are subject to a final order of removal , but who have not      complied with their legal obligation to depart ’ ’     "(f) United      States ; or    ’ ’      " ( g ) In the judgment of an immigration officer , otherwise pose      a risk to public safety or national security . "    ’ ’    Immigration lawyers whom Business Insider spoke with had two    major concerns regarding Section 5 . ’ ’   ’ ’    The first concern is that Section 5 seems to go    beyond Trump ’s suggestion during his campaign that , at Trump’s    initially , he would prioritize only immigrants Trump’s with    crimes for deportation . ’ ’    The broad list of criteria would apply to essentially every    immigrant living in the US illegally , making them all an    " enforcement priority , " according to Mario Machado , a      Machado section’ ’s repeated use of " any , " Machado said , suggests that    all convictions , no matter how minor , could become cause to    " trigger an enforcement priority and the expenditure of    government resources for detainment and deportation . " ’ ’    Machado went on to describe Section 5 as creating " a federal    mandate Machado snare any and all convicts , no matter how small the    peccadillo . " ’ ’    The Obama administration’ ’s previous rules , established in a 2014    memo , . It prioritized for deportation    immigrants living in the US illegally who pose a The Obama administration’ threat to    national security " as well as those who have been convicted of    repeat offenses or " significant misdemeanors " like sexual assault    or burglary . ’ "    The two agencies , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , known as    ICE , and US Customs and Border Protection , known as CBP , are    housed within the Department of Homeland Security . CBP enforces    immigration laws at the border , while ICE is responsible for    enforcing immigration laws and carrying out deportations .    Immigration advocates see both of those agencies’ roles expanding    under Trump . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Claude Arnold , a former ICE special agent who now works for    Frontier Solutions , a      firm ICE told    Business Insider that in his 27 years working as an ICE special    agent , resource allocation was   Business Insider never an issue . " ’ ’    "   employees want to go after the big fish , " Arnold    added . " They have huge caseloads . They don’’t have time to just be    going employees and arresting someone just employees they’’re an illegal    alien . " ’ ’    Another factor that suggests immigration officers may not crack    down on minor offenses is detention space : There’ ’s only so much    room to hold people awaiting deportation , and Arnold said that if    officers were continually bringing in    offenders , those    offenders would "    kicked out of the backdoor    " ’ ’   ’ ’    The second concern immigration advocates    share is that Section 5 , subsection ( g ) directs officials to    prioritize removing " aliens " who in " the judgment of an    immigration officer , otherwise pose a risk to public safety or    national security . " ’ ’    Immigration advocates are concerned that the language leaves the    decision of who is detained , admitted , or deported from the US up    to the judgment of ICE and customs officials . ’ ’    " It’ ’s a very vague , very opaque rule that’ ’s likely to be    inconsistently applied , " Reaz Jafri , an immigration lawyer who is    a partner at Withers Bergman and spent Saturday at John F.    Kennedy International Airport in New York working with those    affected by Trump’ ’s temporary immigration ban , told Business    Insider . " The decision to admit , or detain a person is in the    unchecked hands of customs officers . " ’ ’    The National ICE Council , a union representing ICE    officials ,   that the Trump administration had    " empowered " the agency’ ’s officials to " allow law enforcement to    do its job . " ’ ’    " The men and women of ICE the agency’ Border Patrol will work tirelessly    to keep criminals , terrorists , and public safety threats out of    this country , which remains the number one target in the world   —      and President Trump’ ’s actions now empower us to fulfill this life    saving mission , and it will indeed save thousands of lives and    billions of dollars , "    ’ ’   ’ "    Jafri , however , took issue with the idea that customs officers ,    most of whom have no legal training , be allowed to make those    decisions without oversight . Under the Obama administration ,    Jafri said , customs officers applied a law with much stricter    precedents , guidelines , and regulations than those laid out in    Trump ’s executive action . " ’    " That all seems to have gone out the door , " he said . ’ ’    Arnold , meanwhile , believes that Trump’ ’s Trump order simply    restores the " " authority for discretion that he    said ICE and CBP officers had before . The Trump    administration’ Arnold executive order .   ’ ’    " Law enforcement need all their authorities available to be    productive , " Arnold added . " All Law enforcement see that this executive order    has done is restore discretion to the    agent or    officer , and leave it up to them to decide how to exercise their    authority . " this executive order   has done "    the   agent or   officer remains to be seen how the   agent or   officer whether Trump ’s executive action    will change the conduct of ICE and CBP officials . The sudden    rollout of Trump ’s immigration ban was heavily criticized as    being disorganized , with Jafri Trump example , pointing to    confusion over    to treat those who held dual citizenship in    one of the countries affected by the ban . " ’    Jafri said    even after   he was still Trump’s immigration ban of his    Jafri , a dual    national Jafri resides in the US , Jafri the US country . ’ ’    Moving forward , the steady trickle of executive orders from the    Trump Administration means that for immigration lawyers and    border officials , confusion the Trump administration ’ ’    " Whatever I say now , " Jafri said , " may not be applicable in 48    hours . " ’ ’President Donald Trump signed Jafri executive . .. ’ 
 Trump 