  ( CNN ) Among the many ( many , many , many ) differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , one of the most consequential is this : Hillary Clinton says Hillary Clinton would support the terms of the landmark UN Paris Agreement on climate change Trump says Trump would " cancel " it .   That agreement , which this week was ratified by enough countries to become international law , calls for the world to become carbon neutral this century . Basically that means no fossil fuel pollution , or none we do n’t figure out how to slurp out of the atmosphere . That ’s a lofty and critical goal if we want cities like New York and New Orleans to survive the onslaught of rising seas , and if we want future generations to inherit a habitable planet .   A President Trump could try to throw all of that out of whack . But A President Trump could n’t " cancel " the Paris Agreement , as A President Trump ’s promised to     at least not right away , and not after this week ’s news . Here ’s why : As of Friday , the Paris Agreement     which calls for this    of net carbon pollution by the end of the century     had been ratified by 75 parties , including China , the United States and India , the top three polluters . 75 parties, including China, the United States and India, the top three polluters represent 58 . 85 % of all global greenhouse gas emissions , according to the World Resources Institute . Both of those numbers are critical because the Paris Agreement    which calls for this   of net carbon pollution by the end of the century     " comes into force "     basically , becomes international law     30 days after at least 55 countries representing at least 55 % of emissions have ratified it .   This international law     , the accord crossed those thresholds .   " This gives us the best possible shot to save the one planet we ’ve got , us President Barack Obama said Wednesday .   ( See what he did with that President Barack Obama , there ? ) I know most attention in the United States is squarely focused on the presidential election     and that most election conversations are about the horse race and Trumpisms , not climate .   But this milestone is huge news . After the agreement enters into force , a party must wait three years before it can ask to a party . Then , after that , there ’s a    delay before the withdrawal actually takes effect .   That may make the Paris Agreement sound " . " But John Upton , a Upton reasons for concern . Upton talked with legal experts who said Trump could keep the United States in the treaty but simply fail to meet any of its terms . It ’s unclear whether the United Nations could force him Trump do anything Trump and Trump has proposed disbanding the Environmental Protection Upton , for example , which Trump many environmental regulations .   Or he might be able to get out of the Paris Agreement by pulling Upton of another treaty that provides the basis for the process . Trump likely could withdraw from that 1992 accord , called the UN Framework Trump on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) without the Senate ’s approval , Upton writes . " The US could withdraw from the UNFCCC with one year ’s notice , which would also effectuate a withdrawal from the ( Paris agreement ) , " Arizona State University law professor Dan Bodansky told him . The true strength of the Paris Agreement , in my view Upton is that it sets a tangible goal for climate policy : Limit warming " well The true strength of the Paris Agreement " 2 degrees Celsius , which is measured as a temperature increase since the industrial revolution . And underlying that goal : Eliminate all net carbon pollution by 2100 .   ( The legalese in the the text of the agreement says the goal is " to achieve a balance between anthropogenic the Paris Agreement sources and that goal sinks of greenhouse gases in the second half of this century . " But that essentially means zero net carbon emissions . ) Every policy should be measured against that yardstick . Should Country X build a new    power plant ? No , because we currently do n’t have technology to pull carbon pollution out of the atmosphere at an industrial scale . Should roads and highways in Country Y get a massive upgrade ? Maybe not without proper bike lanes and public transit . The harsh realities of climate change     and an understanding that the world needs to move rapidly to zero net emissions     explain in part the widespread public opposition to fossil fuel pipeline projects in the central United States , as well as to airport upgrades in London and to coal export facilities in Australia . People at these protests realize a scattering of fossil fuel projects all over the world could add up to big changes in the global temperature , especially in the world long term .   A weakness : The agreement relies on voluntary    pledges from its members . And if you add all of those up , as they stand ,    can expect to warm the atmosphere by 2 . 7 degrees Celsius those up an unacceptable amount . Also , while the parties are required to come back to the table to ratchet up their climate ambitions , they are not legally bound to cut pollution by a certain amount the parties a certain timeframe the parties It ’s an agreement described as    meaning countries devise their own plans and , to some extent , are responsible for carrying them out . meaning countries terms of the Paris Agreement require reporting and transparency , but it meaning countries unclear if the treaty could be used to punish countries for polluting too much It Still , the Paris Agreement creates the framework for shoving the world out of the fossil fuel era the Paris Agreement fact that the world agrees on that bold goal should be cause for celebration . 
 the world 