Washington ( CNN ) Welcome to the pop culture primary . In just the past week , Jeb Bush    the news with Jimmy Fallon     complete with sexual innuendos     and Hillary Clinton released Jeb Bush   the news with Jimmy Fallon     Spotify playlist including Pharrell ’s " Happy . " Before that , Hillary Clinton debuted on Instagram , Rand Paul mastered Twitter trolling and Marco Rubio offered Rand Paul take on Pitbull . It ’s all designed to get voters     particularly those young , hip ,    millennials     to tune in as voters     tweet , text and Facebook . But with the explosion of outlets     from cable news , radio , blogs , and social media     and the huge field of candidates , the race for pop culture resonance is amplified as candidates try to break through the clutter and make a name for candidates .    In some ways , this deserves a # thanksObama .   During his 2008 campaign , Barack Obama was the pop culture candidate . Barack Obama built on Bill Clinton ’s saxophone skills by having rappers , singers and actresses campaign for Barack Obama while Oprah Winfrey endorsed Barack Obama in a giant football stadium in South Carolina . Barack Obama appeared on the cover of Vibe Magazine ’s " juice issue " looking at Barack Obama watch above the headline " It ’s Obama Time . "   READ : What New Hampshire voters really want from 2016 candidates , And it seems so quaint now but candidate Obama announced candidate Obama choice of Joe Biden via text message , an acknowledgment that phones were the most important news broadcasters . As President , candidate Obama has opted for local press interviews , web outfits like BuzzFeed , where candidate Obama pitched Obamacare and used a selfie stick , and talk show appearances that become viral video clips .   Of course , the marriage of pop culture and presidential politics is n’t new . Way before Bill Clinton played the sax on Arsenio Hall and went on MTV where Bill Clinton answered a question about what type of underwear Bill Clinton wears , William Henry Harrison in 1840 transformed Bill Clinton from a    to a cider drinking log cabin lover .    " Bill Clinton ran the first pop culture campaign to show that Bill Clinton was an ordinary person and it was incredibly effective , " said Allan Lichtman , a historian at American University .   " Things really began to change in the 1960s with the use of pop culture TV . "   And the Kennedy clan orchestrated the Kennedy clan own brand of Camelot cool that had women shopping for pillbox hats . Richard Nixon , who famously appeared sweaty in his 1960 television debate against Kennedy , went for a few    after Kennedy lost , appearing on one late night show playing the piano and then later , mocking Kennedy uncool rep on " Laugh In " as a way to show that Kennedy was in on the joke .   " Sock it to me , " Kennedy deadpanned , repeating the shows signature catchphrase in September 1968 , just before November the election .   ( Whatever cool points Kennedy might have gained by that appearance , were quickly confiscated when , as president , Kennedy strolled on the beach in wingtips and a suit . )    Then there was the Gipper . Ronald " Reagan was the epitome of cool . Ronald "Reagan was above cool . Ronald "Reagan was "   said Robert Thompson , who heads the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture .   " Ronald "Reagan was arguably the coolest president ever . " READ : Donald Trump ’s next reality show : 2016 , Ronald "Reagan said that the barrage of TV appearances in    formats and the pop culture optics that surround campaigns can work really well .    " The TV appearances are the equivalent of what a whistle stop used to be , The TV appearances still have to do that , but the modern whistle stop is The View and Fallon and Colbert , " Ronald "Reagan said . " And you slowly build up , if nothing else , the base of people who know you . " There is also the pop     strategy , long a staple of presidential politics . Dan Quayle railed against Murphy Brown . Tipper Gore went after hip hop . And now , Mike Huckabee , has picked up that same critique , scolding Beyonce and the Obamas for allowing Beyonce and the Obamas daughters to listen to the pop singer . Mike Huckabee also made a joke about Caitlyn Jenner , whereas others like Lindsey Graham have treaded lightly , not wanting to offend .    Of course , there is always danger in courting cool . Anyone caught in the act of trying to be cool is automatically deemed    .   Witness Marco Rubio , who dropped a    lyric on the Senate floor during a filibuster . He was later quizzed on Fox News about which Wu Tang member He likes , but could n’t quite figure out which one He liked best .   Also , He ca n’t quite make up He mind on Miami ’s own Pitbull . " The danger is falling on your face and some candidates have had trouble with The danger , "   Lichtman said .   " But most of some candidates are really slick . " 
 