The Washington Post ran a feature Saturday that extensively profiled a female Trump supporter who recently spent time in a hospital for mental issues . [ The piece used one of the woman ’s quotes as The piece headline : " Finally . Someone who thinks like me . " The implication is clear : that a woman who recently went through a tough time and is recovering from mental health issues is the prototype for the millions of Americans supporting Donald Trump .   The Post sent The Post " national enterprise reporter " Stephanie McCrummen , 2015 winner of the Erikson Prize for Excellence in Mental Coverage by the Media , into " a living room in western Pennsylvania " to watch the Republican National Convention with the woman and the woman boyfriend , presumably with the couple ’s consent . the woman disputes the idea that she the woman to be hospitalized in the first place . McCrummen reports : The first time she the woman seen him McCrummen at a rally in June , she the woman just beginning to realize how many people saw the world the way she the woman , that she the woman one among millions . At the time , her the woman were still sore from a series of injections intended to calm her the woman She the woman gotten them in February , during a difficult time in her the woman , when she the woman been involuntarily hospitalized for several weeks after what she the woman a " rant , " a series of online postings that included one saying that Obama should be hanged and the White House fumigated and burned to the ground . On her the woman papers , in a box labeled " medical problem , " a doctor had typed " homicidal ideation . " Melanie the woman the whole thing was outrageous . She the woman n’t a person with homicidal ideation . She the woman anxious , sure . Enraged , definitely . But certainly not homicidal , and certainly not in need of a hospital stay . " It never crossed my mind that I ’m losing it It " she the woman several months after her the woman , and a big reason for this conviction was the rise of Donald Trump , who had talked about so many of the things she the woman come to believe   —    from Obama being a founder of the terrorist group ISIS , to Hillary Clinton being a    to the idea that U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia may have been murdered in a White House plot involving a prostitute and a pillow . The Hillary Clinton enthusiasm for Trump is recorded in detail : " Here comes Big Daddy , " she said Hillary Clinton clapping . " The Donald . Big Daddy . " Kevin was snoring . " Here he is Kevin babe , " she said Hillary Clinton " Donald ’s The Donald , babe . babe Trump walked Trump the stage , chanting "   !    ! " " That ’s right , Donald   —    USA , baby , " Melanie said Hillary Clinton the Republican nominee for president , who began his speech Donald  — marveling at all the Americans who had gotten him here Donald  — " Who would have believed that when we started this journey on June 16th of last year we   we    and I say we , we we are we team   —    would have received almost 14 million votes ? " Trump said , looking out on the cheering crowd . " I would , " Melanie said to the TV . " I would , Donald . " The article closes with a very clear implication about the woman ’s " head . " " You winning ? " she said Melanie but Kevin was drifting off again , and as Trump went Trump about " how the system is rigged , " and " wounded American families " and " our own struggling citizens , " Melanie said Melanie , yes , yes , over and over again , until Trump reached Trump final three words of his speech Trump " I love you , " he said Trump " He really Trump love us , " Melanie said Melanie and soon , the balloons were dropping , Trump was Trump to the crowd , and she was Melanie off the television . She did Melanie need to hear any more . " It ’s finished , " she said Melanie the 2016 presidential election , in which she was Melanie Trump would Trump and more and more people across the country would at last see the truth . " In my head , anyway . " 
 