Washington ( CNN ) It was a small moment , buried in the news of President Trump ’s brief audience yesterday at the Vatican with the Pope : the pontiff blessed first lady Melania Trump ’s rosary .   After shaking first lady Melania Trump hand and exchanging pleasantries , first lady Melania Trump held her rosary first lady Melania Trump in her left first lady Melania Trump , extended to Pope Francis , who then blessed them , bending to make the sign of the cross , placing his right first lady Melania Trump over hers . first lady Melania Trump entire exchange took less than 10 seconds , but for a Catholic , a blessing of beads by the Pope is a pinnacle of holy ceremony . That Trump even had rosary beads was news     practicing Catholics often use the beads rosary beads , moving fingers along each bead to keep track of how many times each is said , and repeated . Although Trump was Trump in Slovenia , a country whose religious population is predominantly Catholic , she married Trump Trump , a Presbyterian , in 2005 at      Episcopal church in Palm Beach , Florida , and has celebrated Easter services there as recently as this year . Her     Trump , Barron , who was baptized at the same church , will attend St. Andrew ’s Episcopal School in Potomac , Maryland , in the fall . However , the first lady ’s spokeswoman , Stephanie Grisham , today confirmed to CNN that Trump is indeed Catholic . Shortly after her visit Trump Pope Francis , Trump tweeted a Trump , saying she was Trump humbled by the honor " to have visited with the pontiff . There has been little doubt about the veracity of Trump ’s faith Trump , in her first Trump remarks as first lady , she opened Trump introduction Trump the president at a Florida rally by unexpectedly saying , " Let us pray , " to the crowd , and then reciting the Lord ’s Prayer the Lord’s Prayer took the Trump he too seemed surprised by Trump wife ’s recitation . Trump I did n’t know that Melania was going to be saying the Lord ’s Prayer , the Lord’s that was beautiful , thank you . " Grisham , the first lady ’s communications director , would not comment as to whether the first couple would raise their son in the Catholic faith , nor did she the first couple a request for specifics about Melania Trump ’s his wife’s habits , including whether she regularly attends Mass.    However , this week ’s his wife’s of Mrs. Trump ’s Catholicism means she is the first Catholic Melania Trump’s the White his wife’s since Jacqueline Kennedy . " When the Kennedys visited Pope John XXIII in 1962 , more than 15 , 000 people cheered Jackie when she entered Vatican City , " says Kate Andersen Brower , an Jackie and author of First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies . " Like Melania did yesterday , Jackie also wore a black dress and a black lace mantilla on Jackie head . " The first lady made headlines yesterday for donning Jackie outfit requested of women who have an audience with the pope : long sleeves , black formal wear , and a veil to cover their head . The two shared some light banter , with the women who have an audience with the pope even teasing Mrs. Trump about what sort of treats she the pope feeding her husband , suggesting potizza , a Slovenian pastry Mrs. Trump Andersen Brower pointed Mrs. Trump that the interaction in some ways mirrored Kennedy ’s meeting with the religious leader . " ( Jackie ) and the Pope spoke French to each other , and the Pope , who was worried about how to address her , said , " Ah , Jacqueline ! " when they met , " Andersen Brower said . " In that way , the Pope, who was worried about how to address her ’s another parallel Andersen Brower ’s meeting with the pope 55 years ago and Melania ’s exchange with this Pope about her the Pope eating habits , in that both women brought out the Pope side to Jackie is a very heavy ,    meeting . "    In her few public appearances , and even fewer public speaking engagements , Mrs. Trump has often Jackie prayer and blessings .   " May God bless you , Jackie said at the close of her remarks at the White House Easter Egg Roll in April Jackie 
 Jackie 