’   ’ "    Donald Trump took aim at Google on Friday afternoon after a viral    video claimed to show the web giant ’s autocomplete search    function manipulated results to favor Hillary Clinton . " ’    " If this is true , this is true is a disgrace that Google would do that , "    Trump wrote in a statement sent to Business Insider by   Trump    campaign . " Very , very dishonest . " ’ ’    " They should let it float and allow people see how crooked she    really is , "   Trump continued . ’ ’    The   created by SourceFed , showed multiple    autocomplete search results for " Hillary Clinton "   autocomplete claimed    proved that Google " has been actively altering search    recommendations in favor of Hillary Clinton’ ’s campaign . " ’ ’    The video had been viewed more than 14 million times on Facebook    since Thursday . ’ ’    In a statement Friday , Google emphatically rejected that Google autocomplete function was biased toward any candidate . Rather ,    each site simply uses a different algorithm than the others .   ’ ’    " Google Autocomplete does not favor any candidate or cause , " a    Google spokesperson wrote in a statement . " Claims to the contrary    simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works . Our Autocomplete    algorithm will not show a predicted query that is offensive or    disparaging when displayed in conjunction with a person’ ’s name .    More generally , our autocomplete predictions are produced based    on a number of factors including the popularity of search terms . " ’ ’    In one example from the video , SourceFed showed the autocomplete    results for " Hillary Clinton cri " that included " Hillary Clinton    crime reform , " " Hillary Hillary Clinton , " and " Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton bill 1994 . " ’ ’    The results did not include anything about " crimes , " " criminal , "    or " criminal investigation , " which SourceFed showed were , by    comparison , among the first results to appear on Yahoo’ ’s and    Bing’ ’s autocomplete search functions .   ’ ’    A similar result happened when " Hillary Clinton ind " was typed    into the Google search bar . Results including Indiana , India ,    independent voters    and Indiana campaign all Indiana .    " Indictment    did not . On Yahoo and Bing , on the other hand ,    " indictment    was included on all of the top results for " Hillary    Clinton ind . " ’ ’    SourceFed also found , however , that results for " Donald Trump    rac " and " Bernie Sanders soc " revealed autocomplete results that    contained " racist "    with additional wording or context    and    " socialist , " matching the results on Yahoo and Bing . ’ ’    ’ ’    function automatically filters a small set    terms the company deems offensive or inappropriate . One of those    words is " crime , " which is filtered when associated with    anybody’ ’s name .   on that involving Bernie Madoff ,    the infamous financier who defrauded many of his clients . For the    search " Bernie Madoff    " the first response is " cricket . " ’ ’    Business Insider attempted the experiment as SourceFed and found    very similar results .    , Business Insider also found    ’ ’   Business Insider for other    , such as President George    W. Bush . Searching " George w bush co " on President George   W. Bush , and Bing ,    respectively , revealed the    : ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The results among the three were also different when searching    " donald trump mus    " Results for that search did not include    " Muslims " on Google , while they did on Yahoo and Bing . ’ Muslims    Here Yahoo the results from " donald trump mus " : ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Clinton ’s campaign did not immediately respond to a request for    comment . " ’ ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’   Their two anecdotes : [ hillary clinton in ] did n’t suggest [ hillary clinton indictment ] & [ hillary clinton hillary ] did n’t suggest crimes . ’t’t " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’   It turns out that lots of people searching for negative things about HRC search for [ hillary X ] not [ hillary clinton X]’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’   Here ’s some live screenshot examples , including [ hillary in ] returning [ hillary indictment ] as first suggestion .   hillary ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’   And here’ ’s some more examples of Autocomplete returning negative suggestions for HRC , including " criminal email "   HRC ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’   See   for a smart    about    Google Autocomplete appears to avoid " crimes " Autocomplete , not just HRC . ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’   HRC see   for another good take . ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’   P. S.   I asked Google ’s search PR . They could n’t find a record of you reaching Google to Google before publishing your video ? ’t’t " ’ Google " ’t’t’    this is a    area . Why make a long video of these claims without doing deeper research ? It ’s just not true . ’t’t " ’ ’ ’Donald Trump took aim at Google on Friday . .. ’ 
 Google 