  ( CNN ) Trump’s signed in Washington this week are paving the way for a sweeping overhaul of the US immigration system . And for people around the world , Trump ’s plans are personal . A Mexican mother of five American children is afraid of what might happen if police pull her over . A Yemeni A Mexican mother of five American children with family in the United States worries he ’ll never be able A Yemeni man with family in the United States visit . An American man whose     was killed by an undocumented immigrant is happy to hear border security has become a bigger priority .   People who could be directly impacted by this week ’s executive orders opened up to CNN about their hopes and fears : ’s executive orders worries he wo n’t A Yemeni man with family in the United States able A Yemeni man with family in the United States visit his family , Yousif AlAkwa A Yemeni man with family in the United States 20 , is an engineering student from Yemen whose parents live in California . He visited last year but A Yemeni man with family in the United States to finish his studies abroad . Now A Yemeni man with family in the United States ’s not sure whether A Yemeni man with family in the United States ’ll be able to A Yemeni man with family in the United States back . He feels like his family A Yemeni man with family in the United States voice has his family Chuck Ellis , a state trooper in Albertville , Alabama , has been advocating for tougher immigration enforcement for years . He ’s glad Trump has A Yemeni man with family in the United States to the families of people killed by undocumented immigrants . The Mexican immigrant suspected of killing his     in 1999 remains A Yemeni man with family in the United States wanted fugitive . She supports Trump , but does n’t The Mexican immigrant suspected of killing his    in 1999 a Trump , For decades ,     Pamela Taylor has watched undocumented migrants The Mexican immigrant suspected of killing his    in 1999 Rio Grande and quickly scatter through her Brownsville , Texas , neighborhood in hopes of The Mexican immigrant suspected of killing his    in 1999 Border Patrol agents . Every night she leaves bottles of water for the migrants and The Mexican immigrant suspected of killing his    in 1999 agents engaged in this       game . He fears for his family in Iran , Alex       , a       Ph . D. student in Chicago , is the son of an Iranian refugee who married an American woman . Trump ’s plan , he says , is Islamophobic and has almost everyone Trump knows " in a state of absolute panic Trump terror . " He ’s thrilled by the public show of support Trump Border Patrol agents have never had a president so publicly support their work , according to Shawn Moran , vice Border Patrol agents of the National Border Patrol Council . And for years , he says , they ’ve been frustrated by government Trump that forced Border Patrol agents to release the majority of the people they Border Patrol agents . She ’s ready to fight back Border Patrol agents Greisa Martinez says she and other undocumented immigrants are n’t wasting time She word of Trump ’s immigration plans spreads they ’re organizing     and determined to win . she and other undocumented immigrants      shown here protesting House Speaker Paul Ryan Greisa Martinez 2014 book tour     is the advocacy director of House Speaker Paul Ryan We Dream , which represents the group known as " Dreamers , " undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children .   He ’s afraid victims will be trapped , Faisal Saeed Greisa Martinez Mutar , 25 , is an Iraqi who arrived in the United States as a refugee in 2013 . Now the United States and consultant says he ’s worried the US government is painting with too broad a the writer and consultant . Blocking refugees from his country and others , he says , will unfairly keep out the writer and consultant people who face grave the writer and consultant and could help fight extremism . She worries about police pulling her over , Norma Aldape of Mercedes , Texas , says she She determined to speak out , since so many ca n’t She Trump ’s executive order , she says , will make undocumented immigrants who are already scared even She afraid .   She wants to study in the United States , Tasnim Abubakir Alsalhi She to study physics in the United States . The Iraqi college student says it makes sense the United States on refugees , but that they should n’t be banned altogether . 
 refugees 