  ( CNN ) As the White House was talking about sending a naval " armada " to the Korean Peninsula , the very ships in question were on the very ships in question way to participate in military exercises in the Indian Ocean , some 3 , 500 miles in the opposite direction . A senior administration official blamed a miscommunication between the Pentagon and the White House over reports that the aircraft carrier has not made its way the aircraft carrier the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea , as an expected show of force to North Korea . The official A senior administration official mixup on a lack of    with commanders overseeing the movements of the USS Carl the aircraft carrier 8 , US Pacific Command , which oversees military operations in the region , issued a statement saying that the Carl Vinson and an accompanying strike group would leave Singapore and head to the Western Pacific , with a US military official telling CNN that it was a " show of force " in response to North Korea ’s provocations . Following the announcement , President Donald Trump and some of his top Trump ’s response to Pyongyang ’s recent missile tests . " We are sending an armada . Very powerful . We have submarines , very powerful , far more powerful than the aircraft carrier , that We can tell you , " Trump said in an interview with Fox Business Network . And the announcement that the Vinson had been dispatched to the region increased tensions with Pyongyang , with its official Korean Central News Agency calling the carrier ’s deployment " nothing Pyongyang a reckless the Vinson of aggression to aggravate the tensions in the region . " But soon after the Pacific Command statement , US military officials clarified the region that the strike group would first complete a previously scheduled military exercise with the Australian navy .   Further confusion was added when Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters last week that the exercises had been canceled . Multiple US defense officials told CNN that Mattis had inadvertently misspoke and that it was a port visit in Australia that was CNN to Secretary of Defense James Mattis for the group ’s redeployment to the waters near the Korean Peninsula . The strike group , including the    carrier and its    aircraft , the    destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the    cruiser USS Lake Champlain , will arrive off the Korean Peninsula by the end of April , multiple US defense officials told CNN . 
 the Korean Peninsula 