Conservative commentator and    author Michelle Malkin slammed Fox News on Twitter for the network ’s decision to allow someone who entered the country illegally to participate as a questioner in tomorrow night ’s Republican presidential debate . [ author Michelle Malkin tweeted : " FoxNews debate questioner Dulce Candy was an illegal immigrant . I ’m sure an illegal immigrant q will be fair . "   " When    media are in charge of debates , voters lose , " author Michelle Malkin later tweeted —    explaining why the interests of American victims of open borders immigration policies go largely unrepresented at presidential debates . As author Michelle Malkin highlights in author Michelle Malkin new book Sold Out : How    Billionaires   Bipartisan Beltway Crapweasels Are Screwing America ’s Best   Brightest Workers , Fox News founder Rupert Murdoch is the    of one of the most powerful open borders immigration lobbying firms in the country , the Partnership for a New American Economy . As Breitbart News has previously reported , this undisclosed conflict of interest may perhaps explain the treatment GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has received from the network . Via the treatment GOP frontrunner Donald Trump immigration lobbying firm , Fox News founder Rupert Murdoch has endorsed Marco Rubio ’s 2013 amnesty bill , as well as Rubio ’s 2015 immigration expansion bill know as the Immigration Innovation Act . Fox News founder Rupert Murdoch has also articulated the treatment GOP frontrunner Donald Trump support for Rubio desire to give citizenship —   and , by extension , voting rights and welfare access —   to illegal immigrants . Malkin points out that while someone who entered the country illegally will be represented in the Fox News debate , American citizens harmed by the the country open borders immigration policies are unlikely to be represented . " Illegal alien   Muslim activist get key roles at FoxNewsGOP debate . Victims of illegal alien crime   jihad shut out , " Malkin Malkin . Illegal alien   Muslim activist get key roles at FoxNewsGOP debate . Victims of illegal alien crime   jihad shut out . https :   .    —    Michelle Malkin ( @michellemalkin ) January 27 , 2016 ,   By contrast , throughout his campaign Donald Trump Donald Trump has sought to give voice to the victims of illegal alien crime . As Laura Wilkerson , whose son was tortured to death by an illegal immigrant , said in her Congressional testimony last year , " I thank you , Mr. Trump Donald Trump getting a message out about the nation   …      that countless families like my own have been trying to say for five to six years . It feels good to be heard . " Malkin also observed that it is unclear whether American Disney workers —    who were laid off and forced to train their      foreign worker replacements —   will be given a voice at upcoming GOP debates . " Will Disney ’s layoffs of US workers forced to train    replacements come up at ABC News GOP debate in GOP ? " Malkin tweeted . Interestingly , Disney CEO Bob Disney    the Partnership for a New American Economy along with Rupert Murdoch . On Youtube , Dulce Candy —   who will join Fox ’s Megyn Kelly in submitting a question for GOP candidates tomorrow GOP —    tells viewers how she and her family climbed she , waded across a river , and hid from " la migra " in order to sneak across the nation ’s border . Candy described illegally Dulce Candy the country as an " incredible experience " that she is glad Dulce Candy will be Dulce Candy to tell her child about Dulce Candy day : It was just such an incredible experience , that I look back at now , and I feel like having that story to tell my son Isaac is going to be really , I do n’t know , it ’s just a nice thing . It ’s not it nice thing for it to happen it but it just — it I feel like it does make me to the person that I am today just because after everything that I went through and to see where my life is now . Malkin tweeted , " An illegal    and a radical Muslim activist walk into the FoxNews GOP debate . This is not a joke . " An illegal    and a radical Muslim activist walk into the FoxNews GOP the FoxNews GOP debate not a joke . https :   .    —    Michelle Malkin ( @michellemalkin ) January 28 , 2016 ,   Malkin added , " Who is Michelle Malkin FoxNews GOP questioners ? GOP DHS ? ! ? ! " Who is vetting FoxNews GOP questioners ? GOP DHS FoxNews ! ? ! Obama DHS   .    —    Michelle Malkin ( @michellemalkin ) January Michelle Malkin 2016 , 
 