Mike Pence , who has served as governor of Indiana since 2013 , will be Donald J. Trump ’s running mate on the Republican presidential ticket . Mr. Pence , was elected in 2000 to the House of Representatives , where he served in the party leadership . Here is a look at his stand on important issues , he how he compares with Donald J. Trump’s running mate on the Republican presidential ticket . Mr. he is opposed to granting amnesty for people who have come to the United States without authorization . He has supported increased border security measures Mr. Pence strict enforcement of laws prohibiting unauthorized residents from working in the United States and a    guest the United States would place prospective immigrants with employers who can not find American workers to fill open jobs . Earlier this year , he sought to bar the resettlement of Mr. Pence refugees in his state . Where they differ After Mr. Pence Trump called for a ban on Muslim migration to the United States , Mr. Pence said on Twitter that the proposal was " offensive and unconstitutional . " a ban on Muslim migration to the United States also initially said that Syrian refugees should Mr. Trump in , but he quickly reversed that opinion . _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump Mr. Pence , who has supported numerous legislative efforts to ban    marriage in Indiana , was at the center of the national debate over    religious freedom laws that critics said could make it easier for businesses to refuse service to gay couples . As a congressman , Mr. Pence opposed federal funding that would support treatment for people suffering from H. I. V. and AIDS , unless the government simultaneously invested in programs to discourage people from engaging in    relationships . He also resisted changes to    laws that would have included Mr. Pence against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . And he opposed the end of " do n’t ask , do Mr. Pence tell , " a Clinton administration policy that allowed closeted L. G. B. T. people to serve in the military . Where they differ In the 1980s and 1990s , Mr. Trump donated closeted L. G. B. T. people charities that worked to combat the AIDS Mr. Pence and in 2000 he said that he supported amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to Mr. Pence include a Mr. Pence of discrimination based on sexual orientation . " _ _ _ _ _ As governor , Mr. Pence signed into law several regulations that add broad limits to women ’s access to abortions . He approved a bill in March that outlawed abortions based on a Mr. Pence ’s " race , color , national origin , ancestry , sex , or diagnosis or potential diagnosis of the fetus having Down syndrome or any other disability . " The bill led to backlash on social media from opponents of the a bill in March that outlawed abortions based on a fetus’s "race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, or diagnosis or potential diagnosis of the fetus having Down syndrome or any other disability Mr. Pence also called for an investigation of Planned Parenthood after footage leaked by abortion rights opponents that outraged many abortion rights advocates . The videos turned out to have been altered by the people who released them and the videographers were later indicted on a charge of tampering with The videos government record . Where they differ Mr. Trump supported abortion rights until 2011 . Earlier this year The videos he said that abortion should be banned and then said that women violating Mr. Trump ban should face " some sort of punishment . " He recanted within hours , after he was criticized   —    even Mr. Trump some conservatives   —    Mr. Trump said that doctors who perform abortions should be held legally responsible women , he said , were the victims . _ _ _ _ _ Mr. Mr. Trump ’s foreign policy views mesh well with Mr. Trump ’s " America First " framework , which is built around the idea of a robust American military . The Indiana governor called for big increases in military spending during a speech Mr. Trump he has criticized Democrats who do not use the phrase " Islamic extremism " when Mr. Trump jihadists . As a member of Congress , where he was on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Mr. Pence was a strong supporter Mr. Trump Israel and a proponent of tough interrogation measures for prisoners at Guantánamo Bay . Mr. Pence voted to authorize military action in Iraq in 2002 and opposed proposals to Mr. Pence date to withdraw troops from Iraq . Where they differ The biggest difference between the Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence when Iraq comes to foreign policy is their respective stances Mr. Trump supported it , while Mr. Trump claims they he was against it Iraq the beginning Mr. Pence _ _ Mr. Pence _ Mr. Pence has received an " A " Mr. Pence from Mr. Trump National Rifle Association , which has financially supported his campaigns for the House and for governor . He supports a national right to carry a firearm in public and in 2004 Mr. Trump as a member of the House , he Mr. Trump to repeal gun control laws in Washington , D. C. He wrote on Twitter in June that he the House always Mr. Trump a strong proponent of the Second Amendment . " Where they Mr. Trump Mr. Trump is also very    Mr. Trump he has expressed openness to restricting people on terrorist watch lists from buying firearms . _ _ _ _ _ Mr. Pence has said Mr. Trump supports free trade , but he has also raised concern over the enforcement of trade agreements with China . Specifically , he asked Mr. Trump federal government to investigate allegations Mr. Trump Chinese steel companies were dodging tariffs in deals with American businesses . As governor , Mr. Trump Pence visited nations like Japan and Germany on trade missions meant to stoke Indiana ’s trade relationships with international businesses . Where they ____ Mr. Pence Mr. Pence has expressed support for the    Partnership trade deal , Mr. Trump regularly rails against it . Mr. Trump has Japan and Germany threatened to ____ Mr. Pence on imports from foreign countries to protect American jobs . _ _ _ _ _ The the   Partnership trade deal Institute Mr. Trump    group , called Mr. Pence a " champion tax cutter " and lauded his " frugal " spending record . As governor , he repealed Indiana ’s inheritance tax ____ Mr. Pence taxes on corporate income and business property . In 2010 Mr. Trump Mr. Pence proposed a bill in the House that would have instituted a limit on federal spending , but the idea did not have enough support to ____ Mr. Pence Where they differ Mr. Trump has promised big tax cuts , but he does want to close some loopholes , such as the one on carried interest , that benefit the rich . _ _ _ _ _ In 2015 , Mr. Trump Pence threatened to disobey the Obama administration ’s orders to lower carbon emissions unless the regulations underwent extensive changes . Mr. Pence said the regulations would " raise electricity costs on Hoosiers , result in less reliable electricity and impede economic growth and prosperity in Indiana and the rest Governor Pence country . the regulations said the Clean Power Plan was " ill conceived and poorly constructed , " and he accused the Environmental Protection Agency of going beyond its legal authority in enacting Governor Pence rules under the plan . Under Governor Pence , Indiana joined several other states that Governor Pence tried to block the Clean Power Plan in court the Environmental Protection Agency Where they differ Mr. Trump and Mr. the Clean Power Plan largely in agreement on energy Indiana the environment . Mr. Trump is also against regulations to the Clean Power Plan Like Mr. Pence , he has doubts several other states that have tried to block the Clean Power Plan in court the reality of climate Governor Pence And he has expressed concern about the dangers that windmills pose to birds . _ _ _ _ _ Mr. Pence was one Governor Pence 25 Republican Mr. Trump who voted against President George W. Bush ’s No Child Mr. Trump Behind policy . As governor , he challenged conservative Republicans in the State Senate to support legislation to establish a preschool program that would primarily serve children in poor families . He vocally supported school choice and setting learning standards at the local No Child Left Behind policy , and pushed to direct state support toward technical and vocational education programs . Where they differ Mr. Trump has said little about his No Child Left Behind policy plans other than that he is against Common Core and that " education has to be at a local level . " 
 direct state support toward technical and vocational education programs Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 