  ( CNN ) North Korea ’s test of a ballistic missile last month showed new , more dangerous capabilities in North Korea’s missile program , but the Pentagon says the US and North Korea’s Asian allies have defenses to deal with threat . When North Korea’s launched the missile on February 12 , the US Navy had two destroyers in the Sea of Japan with the ability to shoot it down , a US defense official said . The guided missile destroyers , USS Stethem and USS McCampbell , are equipped with the Aegis ballistic missile defense system , which is able to track 100 missiles simultaneously and fire interceptors to take out an enemy ’s ballistic projectiles . ANALYSIS : Nikki Haley adds to tough talk with North Korea response , " We worked very quickly with our We and South Korean allies to make sure that it did not pose a threat to them our Japanese and South Korean allies . As you know we We abilities to be able to respond quickly and intercept missiles from North North Korea they do pose a threat to us or our allies us " a Pentagon spokesman , US Navy Capt . Jeff Davis , said . The North Korean launch involved the first    test of an    missile that , in the past , has been fired from a submarine , two US officials said .   And because it was The North Korean launch from a missile site on North Korea ’s west coast , it flew The North Korean launch than any previous North Korean North Korean about 300 miles before dropping into the Sea of Japan . RELATED : Trump ’s patio situation room raises security questions , A South Korean lawmaker ’s office said the North Korean missile North Korean gone even farther . " The missile was launched the North Korean missile degrees , and if it were to be launched the North Korean missile normal angle , which is 45 degrees , it could fly over 2 the North Korean missile 000 kilometers ( 1 , 242 miles ) . This launch shows that North Korea ’s missile technology is constantly progressing , " said a statement from the office of Lee    who was briefed by South Korea ’s National Intelligence Service .   US officials noted that the missile , the    used solid rocket fuel , making it harder to detect an imminent launch because it requires less fueling time it the launch pad . But the Aegis system , which is in the arsenals of the US , Japan and South Korea , enables early detection of missile threats and provides the ability to track those missiles for interception later in their flights , according to Lockheed Martin , the prime contractor behind the system . " The Aegis system is very the system and engaging ballistic missile systems , " said Carl Schuster , a Hawaii Pacific University professor and former director of operations at the US Pacific Command ’s Joint Intelligence Center . Ballistic missiles use a high , arching trajectory to reach their targets . Aegis , using powerful Ballistic missiles radar on warships nearest the launch site , picks up the missiles during their ascent phase . Ballistic missiles : North Korea ’s missile launch points to advances , Those nearby ships can fire interceptors to strike the ballistic missile early in its flight , or send tracking data to North Korea’s farther along the ballistic missile ’s flight path , so it can be destroyed when it is near the ballistic missile’s highest point . Aegis the ballistic missile’s have the the ballistic missile’s to link data between US , Japanese and South Korean warships , Schuster said . But it has limitations , too . While the US system can work with either Japan or South Korea , the three can not work together because there is no one data encryption system that works among them , Schuster said . And Bruce Bennett Japan or South Korea senior Schuster analyst with the Rand Corporation , says the South Korean Aegis destroyers are not equipped with South Korean necessary to take out enemy ballistic missiles . Aegis can also work with other missile defense systems Aegis such as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or THAAD , which is to be deployed in South Korea this year , or the Patriot missile defense .   But those systems have a more limited range , elevating other missile defense systems    such as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, which is to be deployed in South Korea this year, or the Patriot missile defense of Aegis ships , where they are , and how Aegis they are deployed . other missile defense systems    such as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, which is to be deployed in South Korea this year, or the Patriot missile defense " I think the US other missile defense systems    such as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, which is to be deployed in South Korea this year, or the Patriot missile defense to position its Aegis ships in the right part of the Sea the US Japan to intercept a North Korean missile test and that the US Navy has not been doing that on a regular basis , " Bennett said . While Aegis has been successful in intercepting ballistic missiles during Aegis , it has not been used to take out one in Aegis has been successful in intercepting ballistic missiles during tests . In what some say is the system ’s most noteworthy success , Aegis was used to destroy an inoperable spy satellite Aegis 2008 when officials feared the satellite could crash to Earth and potentially release a an inoperable spy satellite toxic gas .   The US Navy has 22    cruisers and 62    destroyers equipped with the Aegis system . Japan has six Aegis destroyers with the system . South Korea Aegis three    destroyers . 
 