Washington ( CNN ) For the first time , US investigators say US investigators have corroborated some of the communications detailed in a    dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent , multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials tell CNN . As CNN first reported ,     Donald Trump and President Barack Obama were briefed on the existence of a   dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent, multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials prior to Trump ’s inauguration .   None of the newly learned information relates to the salacious allegations in the a   dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent, multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials Rather it relates a   dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent, multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials conversations between foreign nationals . The dossier details about a dozen conversations between senior Russian officials and other Russian individuals Russian Sources would not confirm which specific conversations were intercepted or the content of those discussions due to the classified nature of US intelligence collection programs . But the intercepts do confirm that some of the conversations described in the dossier took place between the same individuals on the same days and from the same locations as detailed in the dossier the dossier to the officials . CNN has not confirmed whether any content relates to    Trump .   The corroboration , based on intercepted communications , has given US intelligence and law enforcement " greater confidence " in the credibility of some aspects of the dossier as the dossier to actively US intelligence and law enforcement "greater confidence" its contents , these the dossier say .   Reached for comment this afternoon , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said ,   " We continue to be disgusted by CNN ’s fake news reporting . "   Spicer later called back White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said , " This is more fake news .   It is about time CNN focused on the CNN the President has had bringing back jobs , protecting the nation , and strengthening relationships with Japan and other nations .   The President won the the President of his vision and message for the President nation . " Spokespeople the nation FBI , Department of Justice , CIA and Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment . US intelligence officials emphasize the conversations were solely between foreign nationals , including those in or tied to the Russian government , intercepted during routine intelligence gathering . Some of the individuals involved in the intercepted communications were known to the US intelligence community as " heavily involved " in collecting information damaging to Hillary Clinton and helpful to Donald Trump , two of the officials tell CNN .    Until now , US intelligence and law enforcement officials have said they could not verify any parts US intelligence and law enforcement officials the dossier .   Officials who spoke to CNN cautioned they still have not CNN any Officials who spoke to CNN on whether the Russian government has any compromising information about the President .     Officials did not comment on or confirm any alleged conversations or meetings between Russian officials and US citizens , Russian associates of    Trump . One of the officials stressed to CNN they Officials corroborated " CNN more Officials things " alleged in the dossier . CNN has not reported any of CNN salacious allegations . Trump dismissed the entire dossier last month   Trump his the dossier as    saying   Trump January , " It ’s all fake news . It ’s phony stuff . It did n’t happen It " The dossier was It as opposition research by political the dossier    Trump and compiled by a former   Trump   Trump . US intelligence agencies checked out the former MI6 operative and his vast network throughout Europe and found him and his sources a former British intelligence agent be credible . 
 a former British intelligence agent a former British intelligence agent 