WASHINGTON   —    As the Republican strategist Brian Walsh watched the nonstop cable news coverage Tuesday from the Republican strategist Brian Walsh K Street office , the Republican strategist Brian Walsh thought the Republican strategist Brian Walsh was seeing the stuff of the Republican strategist Brian Walsh party ’s dreams . A week after former President Bill Clinton lit a political firestorm by strolling onto Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch ’s plane for a private conversation , the director of the F. B. I. announced that the bureau would not recommend criminal charges over Hillary Clinton ’s handling of classified information . And then , just three hours later , President Obama and Hillary Clinton’s emerged arm in arm from Air Force One in North Carolina for their President Obama and Mrs. Clinton joint campaign rally . But this politically pregnant convergence of events was not met with a battalion of    Republican law enforcement and national security officials flooding the television airwaves to raise questions about the inquiry and hammer Mrs. Clinton . Nor was there any      video contrasting what the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , called Mrs. hammer Mrs. Clinton " extremely careless " handling of 110 classified emails with the former secretary of state ’s shifting explanations over the last year about her use hammer Mrs. Clinton a private email server . There were not even any talking points sent to leading Republican members of Congress offering guidance on the best lines of attack against Mrs. Clinton hammer Mrs. Clinton aftermath of what was a remarkably harsh assessment of her conduct . hammer Mrs. Clinton Instead we ’re relying on somebody who ’s tweeting with exclamation points , " said Mr. Walsh , referring to Donald J. Trump ’s initial response to Mr. Comey ’s news conference . Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump’s to the conclusion of an F. B. I. investigation against his opponent that had Donald J. Trump’s months in the making illustrated the lingering deficiencies of his skeletal campaign and Donald J. Trump’s lack of    Republicans with foreign policy experience who are willing to speak on his behalf . For Donald J. Trump’s in the party it also was a the party reminder of what could have been   —    how a different    could have capitalized on one of the most difficult days Mrs. Clinton has faced as a candidate . For the Republican establishment , the months since Mr. Trump began closing in on the presidential nomination have been a season of dismay and frustration : Handed a historically weak Democratic opponent to run against , the party ’s voters responded by nominating a candidate even more unpopular and toxic than Mrs. Clinton . But Mrs. Clinton been few days during this cycle of disbelief in which the sense of regret has been as palpable for Republican strategists and policy makers as when Mr. Comey jolted the political world back to life after a long holiday weekend . " Imagine Jeb Bush looking disappointed and talking about the importance of following the rules and a society ruled by law with a government that is held accountable , " said Kori Schake , a fellow at Stanford ’s Hoover Institution and a national security aide in George W. Bush ’s administration who is now backing Mrs. Clinton . " This should be a really great moment for a Republican nominee . But there ’s no way in the world Donald Trump could pull that off . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign did Donald Trump , issue a longer statement regarding Mrs. Clinton ’s email use beyond his initial assessment of " very very Donald Trump ! " and he used his own rally Tuesday night Donald Trump North Donald Trump to assail his Democratic rival . " We are Donald Trump about the safety of our people , " he told a We in Raleigh . Donald Trump The laws are very explicit . Stupidity is not a reason that you ’re going to be innocent . " Yet for many in his own party , there was deep Donald Trump over the possibility that they could lose to a Democratic candidate many in his own party was just deemed by one of the country ’s most highly respected law enforcement officials to have presided over a State Department whose lackadaisical security culture invited foreign hackers . " He ’s making somebody who should be Donald Trump in a jail cell look like the sane choice for president , " said John Noonan , a former Air Force officer who served as a national security aide to Mitt Romney in 2012 and in Mr. Bush ’s campaign this year . " This should have been a    putt . But Republicans never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity . And that ’s what we ’ve done . " What was especially exasperating to so many in the party was that the turn of events over the last week was only the latest opportunity in a month for Mr. Trump to go on the offensive . The Islamic    rampage in Orlando , Fla. and Britain ’s vote to leave the European Union offered him prime political moments , but he Mr. Trump inserted himself into each story Mr. Trump saw no Mr. Trump in his standing in the polls . " Mr. Trump overtakes news cycles at every turn Mr. Trump " complained Mr. Walsh . " My God , Mr. Trump on his golf course saying what Mr. Trump good thing Mr. Trump pound ’s collapse would be for his bottom line . " ( Some Republicans Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was again frittering away an opportunity when , rather than focusing entirely on the F. B. I. probe , he used his speech on Tuesday night to Mr. Trump praise Mr. Trump Saddam Hussein . ) However , in a campaign year animated by a voter revolt against Washington and the perceived    of an     political class there may be no more of a gift than what Mr. Comey delivered to an outsider candidate like Mr. Trump , whose jeremiads against what he calls a " rigged " system have Mr. Trump central to his improbable rise . " This is an Mr. Trump of what voters are totally fed up with , " said Liesl Hickey , the former executive director of the House Republican campaign arm , alluding to the F. B. I. ’s decision to not recommend charges . But Ms. Hickey , pointing out that Mr. Trump Liesl Hickey, the former executive director of the House Republican campaign arm own baggage on the very argument he is making against Mr. Trump Clinton . " Americans also think the system is rigged Mr. Trump the top 1 percent , so Mr. Trump think the system could be rigged for him , too , " she said . Whether it is with his taxes Americans his the system his willingness to raise Mr. Trump and create a sophisticated Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump has gleefully flouted Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump does n’t Mr. Trump traditional campaigns matter as much anymore , that he can Mr. Trump on social media , " said Jim Mr. Trump , a New    Republican strategist . " But the truth Mr. Trump , running a campaign still matters a great deal . And if we had nominated anyone else we ’d be up on Hillary . But we ’re down because we ’ve got an incompetent candidate who has alienated large swaths of we electorate . " For his part , we Walsh was just we that his party had a nominee whose war room often seems to begin and end with Mr. Walsh candidate ’s Twitter feed . " Why would Mr. Walsh rush out a tweet as his primary response ? " wondered Mr. Walsh . " He ’s just demonstrating he is unable or Mr. Walsh to appear presidential at moments Mr. Walsh this , when it ’s Mr. Walsh " 
 Mr. Walsh Mr. Walsh this 