’’ ’When Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz took the stage in a packed room in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday , ’When Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz led with a platitude that raised eyebrows.’ ’"God bless the great State of New York , " the Texas senator said.’ ’The introduction was a far cry from Cruz’ ’s invocation of " New York values " as a slight against rival Donald Trump in front of Iowa voters in January.’ ’On the heels of his victory in the Utah caucuses in the wee hours of Wednesday morning , Cruz declared that New New York be " a battleground " between himself and Cruz " He also Cruz how he planned Cruz flip the script in Trump ’s home state : undermining Trump ’s Trump’s a conservative and working to chip away at Trump ’s Trump Trump’s areas like New York City . " ’During his speech Cruz Cruz repeatedly hammered Trump . Trump other things , he listed Cruz Democratic lawmakers whom Trump donated Trump to in past elections.’ ’"Donald Trump over Trump over again has supported Andrew Cuomo and Hillary Clinton and Anthony Weiner and Eliot Spitzer , " Cruz said . " Cruz next time you think of all the disastrous policies that have been foisted on New York , you can thank Donald Trump Trump those efforts . " ’ ’While speaking with reporters after the event , Cruz returned to the topic:’ Cruz peppered his normal stump speech with the topic:’ ’Cruz    themes , criticizing the ban on hydraulic fracturing in upstate New York and hitting Mayor New York Blasio’ ’s tense relationship with    advocates . He further touted de Blasio’ ’s the topic:’ ’Cruz of his Mayor Bill de Blasio’’s enlist    officers the topic:’ ’Cruz patrol " Muslim neighborhoods . " ’ ’"I arrived in New York yesterday and Mayor Bill New York promptly held a press conference to denounce me . So I must be doing something right , " Cruz said to the . " I’’ve got to say , if Mayor de Blasio ever holds a press conference Mayor Bill de Blasio Mayor Bill de Blasio with Ted , ’’ that’’ll be the instant I hang it up and realize I’’ve gone terribly , terribly wrong . " ’ " Later I’’ve the speech , Cruz returned to the critique , praising the New York Police Cruz officers who   in protest at two officers’ funerals last year . " ’"When the heroes of the NYPD stood up and turned their backs on Mayor de Blasio , they spoke not just the heroes of the NYPD the men and women of New the heroes of the NYPD , but also for the men and women of this nation , " Cruz said.’ ’’ ’Despite his optimism , Cruz faces a massive uphill battle in the ’Despite . The few recent polls of likely New York    voters found Trump with a .’ " The New York nevertheless working hard in the state to stop Trump from hitting the 50 % ceiling in the state districts that would Trump the Manhattan billionaire win the majority of the state ’s 95 delegates . If Trump dominates in New York , the state ’d come significantly closer to clinching Trump New York 237 delegates needed to secure Trump GOP nomination . " " Gavin Wax , a Cruz campaign New York state director , told Business Insider that Cruz ’s plan relies New York delegates away from Trump in downstate areas where he said Cruz little institutional support . " ’"We think Trump can pull a few delegates here Trump there , especially downstate where there were a lot of Rubio supporters who are coming on either publicly or behind the scenes , " Wax said , referring to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a former candidate.’ ’Wax said that Cruz would be back in the state before the April 19 primary , and his wife , Heidi Cruz , would be Florida March 29 event in Sheepshead Bay , ’"We Brooklyn neighborhood , as well as events in Staten Island and on Long Island.’ ’He also said that the campaign also wants to win a symbolic victory in Queens , the borough Trump grew up in.’ ’"We think we can make some headlines here in New York , especially Queens . We think it’’d make a great headline to win there , " Wax said.’ ’Cruz appears to be we up at least some institutional support in the state.’ 
 