LONDON   —    A    assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault , prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe . At least four people , including the assailant , were killed and at least 40 others injured in the confusing swirl of violence , which the police said the police assumed had been " inspired by international terrorism . " It appeared to be the most serious such assault in London since the deadly subway bombings more than a decade ago . Throughout a turbulent afternoon , ambulances , emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament , as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated . Prime Minister Theresa May was rushed into a vehicle and spirited back to Prime Minister Theresa May office . Prime Minister Theresa May held a meeting of the government ’s emergency committee and issued a statement on Wednesday night from Prime Minister Theresa May 10 Downing Street residence denouncing " the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our Capital this afternoon . " Mrs. May also said that " the full details of exactly what happened are still emerging , " but Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed that the attack had been carried out by a lone male assailant . As of late Wednesday , a lone male assailant identity had not been released , but Scotland Yard officials said Scotland Yard officials believed Scotland Yard officials knew who a lone male assailant was . the attack unfolded around 2:40 p. m. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said at a news conference . Driving a sport utility vehicle , the a lone male assailant into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament , killing two people and injuring many others , before crashing into a railing . After the crash , the driver a lone male assailant vehicle and a sport utility vehicle , where he stabbed an a lone male assailant police officer to death and was fatally shot by the police . The dead officer was an unarmed police officer Palmer , 48 , a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command with 15 years of experience . " This is the day we have planned for but we hoped would never happen , we Mr. Rowley said . " Sadly , it ’s now a reality . " The attack came on the anniversary of suicide bombings in Brussels that killed 32 people , along with three bombers . It confirmed fears among counterterrorism officials The attack London , which had largely escaped recent terrorist attacks in Europe , would join cities like Paris , Brussels and Berlin as targets of Brussels violence . " Terrorism affects us all , and France knows the pain the British people are enduring today , " President François Hollande of France said at a news conference France Villepinte , near Paris . Mrs. May , who spoke with Mr. Hollande and President Trump , said in her statement that Parliament would meet Mrs. May, who spoke with Mr. Hollande and President Trump normal on Thursday . She vowed to never permit " Mrs. May, who spoke with Mr. Hollande and President Trump voices of hate and evil to drive us apart . " Cmdr . B. J. Harrington of the Metropolitan Police said at a brief news conference earlier Wednesday that a " full counterterrorism investigation is underway . " He asked members of the public B. J. Harrington of the Metropolitan Police report any suspicious activity and to share any images or video of the violence . Commander Harrington said that the acting B. J. Harrington of the Metropolitan Police , Craig Mackey , had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured , but was " being treated as a significant witness . " At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge . Also among the injured were three    boys from a group of visiting   students from the Brittany region of France , and a woman who fell or plunged into the River Thames . Mr. Hollande ’s government said it had chartered a plane to London Mr. Hollande’s government families of the French victims . Tobias Ellwood , a minister in the Foreign Office , tried to save the life of the fatally stabbed police officer by giving     resuscitation . The number of injured apparently included five South Korean tourists who were overwhelmed by a crowd fleeing the scene , South Korea ’s Foreign Ministry said Thursday morning . Three men suffered fractures , and a woman had surgery for a head injury , the ministry said . For more than South Korea’s Foreign Ministry , astonished lawmakers inside the House of Commons , some of whom had ducked for cover , were told to stay in place as officers searched the premises office by office . " At the moment , the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under the House of Commons and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we ’ve received advice that it is safe to we back to normal procedures , " David Lidington , the leader of the House of Commons , or lower house of Parliament , told lawmakers in remarks broadcast live on the BBC . Olly Grender , a member of the House of Lords , said that lawmakers were staying put . " We were in a meeting , I heard shouting Olly Grender, a member of the House of Lords the window , " she said , adding that a colleague came in to tell them that a serious episode had taken place . Jayne Wilkinson , 59 , from Birmingham , was near the statue of Winston Churchill in Parliament Square with her partner , David Turner , 56 , when she saw people suddenly running from Parliament . The them said they had seen a    man them knife . them ignored warnings from the police , running though the a   man holding a knife into the Parliament compound , she said . " They were shouting to warn she , " Ms. Wilkinson them . Soon after , a   man holding a knife and her partner heard three gunshots and saw she man she the ground . Three construction workers inside the grounds of Westminster Palace said they had heard shots fired in rapid succession before they Three construction workers inside the grounds of Westminster Palace escorted off the premises . " It was Three construction workers inside the grounds of Westminster Palace " one said . Reuben Saunders , an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament , said he had been leaving the building when he saw a Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament officer accosted by an assailant armed Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament two knives or similar weapons . " He was at the gate , I heard screaming , Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament Mr. Saunders said . " I saw the man on Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament being repeatedly stabbed , or pummeled . " Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived , Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament there were two or three gunshots . " Corinne Desray , a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a    school trip from northern France , said they had heard three shots . " My colleague saw bodies lying Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a   school trip from northern France the floor and someone said a policeman has been knived , " she said . " I told the kids to leave quickly , My colleague ’re heading back to the Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a   school trip from northern France " Kirsten Hurrell , 70 Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a   school trip from northern France who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben , said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a My colleague around Parliament . She saw a body lying on the ground and called emergency services . My colleague At first I thought it was an accident , but then I was told the car had a body mowed down quite a number of people on Westminster a car " she said , adding : " Now that it is a terrorist incident My colleague it is a bit more daunting . " Robert Vaudry , 52 , a it manager from     said he had emerged from the Westminster subway station around 2:40 p. m. for a Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from     with a lawmaker when he realized that something was amiss . " I came out of the Tube Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from     there were two armed policemen , " he said in an interview . " One grabbed my arm , pushed me Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from     the left and said , ‘ Get out of here,’ " he said . " They were shouting at everyone to get away . " Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from     he spoke , police officers were cordoning off the area . One officer shouted Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from     " We need everyone to move back past Downing Street . " Radoslaw Sikorski , a former foreign minister of Poland who was in the area , was in a taxi on Westminster Bridge when the pedestrians were the area the other vehicle . " I did n’t see the impact , I heard it   —    it sounded like a car hitting a sheet of metal , the other vehicle he said . the other vehicle I saw these people lying on the tarmac , on the One officer . I saw five people down , one unconscious and one bleeding heavily from his head . He was not moving . The taxi driver rang the emergency services One officer and people One officer to help . " Andrew Bone , the executive director of the Responsible Jewellery Council , an industry standards group , was on a bus heading toward Victoria Station when it was stopped at the edge of Parliament Square . Seeing the commotion , he Victoria Station thought an action movie was being shot , but quickly discerned the gravity One officer the situation as the bus was evacuated and he saw the vehicle that had crashed into a railing a bus heading toward Victoria Station We had a One officer seat as the first responders arrived , " Mr. Bone said . " I am of the generation who remembers I. R. A. bombs in London during the Troubles , " he said , referring to the sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland . " We are One officer indifferent , but police have reacted with calm . I saw no panic . " Britain has not suffered a    terrorist attack since July 7 , 2005 , when bomb attacks on subway trains and on a bus killed more than 50 people . Political violence is relatively rare in Britain , where gun ownership is stringently restricted . Jo Cox , a Labour member of Britain , was assassinated in her constituency in northern England on June 16 , a week before the contentious referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union . In 1979 , a lawmaker was assassinated near the Britain building . Airey Neave , a Conservative Party member , the building his car was blown up . Jeremy Shapiro , a former State Department official now at the European a lawmaker on Foreign Relations , said that the London attack was consistent with the the attack London in which a vehicle was used to kill people , citing assaults in France , Germany and Israel . France We ’ve seen a gradual movement away from terrorist attacks on the West to attacks on softer and softer targets with more improvised weapons , " he said . " In a way , it ’s a sign of desperation and a demonstration of the effectiveness of counterterrorism in the West . It ’s spectacularly easy to kill a bunch of people with a car or a truck if the West n’t care it they are . " 
 a bunch of people 