Sen. Tim Kaine accused Donald Trump of " chumming around " with the the     asserting that Hillary Clinton was merely talking about white supremacists when Hillary Clinton referred to half of Sen. Tim Kaine supporters as a " basket of deplorables . " [ " Hillary Clinton advanced the notion that if you ’re chumming around with the head of the     or people who had that title , that ’s deplorable , " Tim Kaine said . " You got ta call that out . "   Tim Kaine referred to a CNN interview with Trump ’s running mate Mike Pence where Tim Kaine declined to describe former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke as a " deplorable " person , saying Tim Kaine had no interest in the "   business . " Tim Kaine has indicated Tim Kaine support for Trump , delighting Democrats who are eager to smear Republicans with Tim Kaine history of white supremacy . But both Tim Kaine and Donald Trump had disavowed Tim Kaine   —    even as the media repeatedly pesters both candidates about his David Duke   . " I ’m not really sure why the the media dropping David David Duke   , " Pence said in the same CNN interview with Wolf Blitzer . " Donald Donald Trump denounced David Duke repeatedly . David Duke   n’t want his support Donald Trump we do n’t his support support of We people who think like him . Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump denounced David Duke . " David Duke David Duke   bad person , David Duke   disavowed on numerous occasions over the years , " Trump said on Donald Trump ’s Morning Joe in March . " I disavowed him . I disavowed the KKK . Do David Duke   want me to do it again for the 12th time ? I disavowed him in the past , I disavow him David Duke   . " But during his rally David Duke   the University of Michigan on David Duke   , Kaine continued to smear both Pence and Trump David Duke   the " deplorable " behavior exhibited by Trump ’s supporters . He challenged Trump for failing to Trump David Duke   deplorable " supporters who Trump bigotry , racism , xenophobia ,    and    behavior . " If you ca n’t call it out , and you stand back and silent about it you ’re enabling it to grow , you ’re enabling it to become more it , " he said . " it want to be David Duke   nation of the positive virtues not the dark emotions and not the negative virtues . " 
 