Washington ( CNN ) As President Donald Trump took the podium Tuesday evening for President Donald Trump address to a Joint Session of Congress , President Donald Trump confirmed Cabinet members were all on hand     except one .   Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin was appointed the designated survivor , per an administration official .   the designated survivor goes to a distant , secure and undisclosed location outside of Washington while everyone else gathers to listen to the President ’s address in the Capitol .    The designated the designated survivor eligible to be president , and if a    successor survives a    incident , that person would become president ahead of the designated survivor . the designated survivor in the 1960s during the Cold War when there were fears of a nuclear attack . The practice of a designated survivor The practice ABC . Actor Kiefer Sutherland plays a Department of Housing and Urban Development secretary who takes over the presidency following an explosion during the fictional State of the Union address .   Shulkin , Tuesday night ’s survivor , previously served as the VA ’s undersecretary for health and his   nomination drew widespread praise across the aisle .   Shulkin did not have a full Cabinet to choose a designated survivor from , due to delays in the confirmation process in Congress . He lamented the pace of his Cabinet confirmations during a news Trump earlier this month . Trump " I think we ’re setting a record or close to a record in the time of approval of a Cabinet , " Trump said . " I mean , the numbers are crazy . When I ’m looking , some of them had them approved immediately . .. That ’s all they the numbers doing the numbers is delaying . "   Labor Department the numbers Andrew Puzder , director of National Intelligence nominee Dan Coats , Energy Department nominee Rick Perry , HUD nominee Ben Carson , Labor Department nominee Ryan Zinke , Agriculture Department nominee Sonny Perdue , and US Trade Representative nominee Robert Lighthizer still have yet to be confirmed by the Senate .   Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is the most recent addition to Trump ’s Cabinet , confirmed on Monday . 
 