Hong Kong ( CNN ) Loose talk or hardened policy prescriptions ?   That ’s the big question facing Asia as    Donald Trump gears up for the Oval Office .   "   Donald Trump victory has amplified uncertainty across Asia . Many people are dismayed , " says Jeff Kingston , director of Asian studies at Temple University in Japan .   From China and Japan Japan the smaller nations of Asia , the region ’s leaders want to know whether Trump will make good on his campaign Trump and potshots , which have the potential to shake up alliances , upend the geopolitical map and risk    conflict .   Shinzo Abe , Japan ’s Japan , has been quick to sense deep shifts in US interests .   He will be Shinzo Abe first Asian leader to meet Trump in person on Thursday en route to the APEC summit in Peru , when he ’ll try Shinzo Abe safeguard the alliance between the US and Japan .   Japan I think Abe understands that Trump is a brittle person who takes offense easily and he will want Abe set a positive tone . He did n’t Abe good chemistry with Obama , " says Kingston . During the campaign , Trump stunned Japan Trump South Japan , two of American ’s strongest allies , by suggesting they were    on US security commitments .   Particularly    were the    that Japan , which until last year had a pacifist constitution , should obtain nuclear weapons to protect itself from North    .   " Japan is the Japan US ally in Asia and he ’ll want this to be reaffirmed , " says Kingston . Abe " will be seeking security reassurances and will no doubt press the point that it would be counterproductive to start a trade war with China , " he added . Abe Japan will also Japan to know how Trump plans to approach North Korea , North Korea ramped up its testing of Japan this year , including a nuclear warhead .   Trump has said he Trump be happy Trump host the country ’s dictator , Kim Jong Un , for a visit . " What the hell is wrong with speaking ? " Trump said in June Trump   China has been a campaign trail punching bag for Trump . He threatened Trump    Trump war with Beijing , which he has accused of Trump raping " the US .   And Beijing is braced for Beijing ’s blows , Trump initially .   " It is possible that in the initial stage of Trump ’s presidency , he Trump China to establish Trump as a China     " an editorial in the    Global Times newspaper said .   However , Shen Dingli , vice dean of the Institute of International Affairs , Shanghai ’s Fudan University , is skeptical that Trump will make good on his Trump rhetoric given the deep Trump between the world ’s two biggest economies .   " A trade war is inconceivable , " said Shen .   " Trump is a smart person . Trump He said this to get the Trump . Once he ’s in power , he Trump continue to be smart Trump wo n’t want to hurt his chances to be   . Trump Shen also expects Trump to focus Shen on his Trump priorities , making the Shen less likely to tussle with China over issues like the South China Sea . President Barack Obama ’s pivot to Asia was deeply unpopular in China . Trump ’s grandchild a China hit Trump China , The Global Times painted China as an isolationist who , Trump a highly divided nation at home , would be " reluctant to raise antagonism with China . " " Without unity China , a major power wo n’t be determined to make troubles outside , " the editorial said .   Others have suggested that Trump , who has advocated torture , is less likely than his predecessors to take China to task over human rights China .   Kingston said Trump ’s reception in China will ultimately depend on whether China delivers on the tough talk Trump’s trade .   " If he does , he will find Trump’s difficult to Trump’s with China . Trump has a short China , Trump could be easily manipulated and Trump could lead to conflict . " " But that aside , Trump has gifted them ( China Trump global influence . " China ’s Xi Jinping and Donald Trump China election win , Trump Trump has come at a bad time Trump Korea . Its president , Park    is embroiled in a corruption Trump , that has led to unprecedented mass protests and sparked talk she may have to resign .   " Getting in Park    is smart for Abe , " said John Delury , an associate professor of Asian Studies at Yonsei University in Seoul . " South Korea right now , it ’s ( effectively ) South Korea there ’s nobody really South Korea meet Trump . " Park is expected to be questioned by prosecutors this week , Park    travel unlikely . Multiple aides have resigned and she was forced to sack her prime minister .   There Park    a lot at stake Park    The country , which is technically in a state of war against a nuclear armed North Korea , is home to 28 , 500 US troops that would defend the country in case of conflict .   It ’s also where the United States plans deploy THAAD , 500 US troops that would defend the country in case of conflict sophisticated missile defense system .   Trump said during the election he would be willing to consider withdrawing US troops based in Trump Korea unless Seoul paid a larger share of the cost .   " Trump talking about renegotiating the alliance      he feels he has Trump strong mandate . Park ’s lost Trump mandate Trump that ’s a bad way to go into a strong mandate , " Delury added .   There was no love lost between Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and President Obama . Duterte called the outgoing US president a " son of a bitch " and threatened military and economic separation from its former colonial master .   The White House under Trump would have a better relationship with Duterte , who are both strongmen populists , says Richard Javad Heydarian , a political science professor at De La Salle University in Manila .    He says Trump is less likely to rap Duterte over his controversial Richard Javad Heydarian, a political science professor at De La Salle University in Manila on Trump and Duterte has already appointed Trump ’s Trump partner in the Philippines as Duterte US trade envoy .   " Duterte as president will be more comfortable with Trump . Trump ’s more relaxed on human rights and democracy , Trump says Trump However , Heydarian fears a Trump administration , preoccupied and distracted with domestic issues , Heydarian not benefit smaller Asian nations like the Philippines in the longer term .   " The US ability to the Philippines power will be reduced and the momentum will go to China . " US and Philippines : What ’s at stake , Trump ’s victory comes at a time of fraught relations between India and Pakistan with an escalation in violence in the    state of Kashmir . Trump , however , has suggested he would like to see an improvement in Trump’s .   " Well , Trump’s would love to see Pakistan and India get along , because that ’s a very , very hot Pakistan , India he told the Hindustan Times in an exclusive interview last month . Though Trump Trump’s yet to reveal concrete plans for diplomatic relations with Pakistan , in Trump’s presidential town hall interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Pakistan the country was " a vital problem " for the US given their possession Pakistan weapons . Mosharraf Zaidi , an analyst at Pakistani education organization the US Ailaan , told CNN that the US’ stance of favoring India would likely continue under Trump .   CNN As ever , Pakistan will have to deal with American pressure to support US and Indian interests in Afghanistan , " Zaidi said .    " A smart US president will be able to work closely with Pakistan , whilst also managing Indian expectations . " Zaidi also explained that Pakistan ’s Pakistan successes in dismantling some Indian groups in the Zaidi set it up Pakistan a strong ally in the fight against ISIS . Trump has previously gushed about India , claiming he has a " great love " for the country because he has " so many Trump " from there , he said in Pakistan interview with Trump Hindustan Times . According to The Diplomat , India Trump likely to benefit from the US’ commitment to Asian allies like Japan and South Korea India in order to block Chinese advancements in the South Korea Sea . The Indian Navy the South China Sea these strategic ties as the US will likely enhance India the US fleets . Trump ’s bid to fight ISIS will also favor India ’s fight against terrorism . However , India Trump’s curtail immigration into the US , this ISIS could affect the US companies India revenue Trump on    visa programs that permit low cost Indians to find jobs in the US . 
 the US 