Cleveland ( CNN ) Open discord and revolt broke out on the floor of the Republican National Convention Monday as GOP officials crushed an attempt to change party rules , a maneuver that could have embarrassed presumptive nominee Donald Trump . In a highly unusual show of disunity and anger on the floor of a modern party convention , a group of states tried to force a     roll call vote on the rules of the Republican National Convention . The rebellion apparently caught Trump presumptive nominee Donald Trump team by surprise , and his lieutenants The rebellion seen frantically whipping votes on the floor to squelch the effort amid scenes of deepening disarray . Trump ’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump : Bring the party together or blow it apart , the party dramatic scenes that unfolded around a normally routine procedure in passing the convention rules effectively turned into the last stand of party forces who had opposed the billionaire in the contentious Republican primary . Those holdouts were not trying to deprive Trump of the nomination     in the knowledge they did n’t Those holdouts the votes . But their protest , Those holdouts highlighted antipathy toward Trump in some parts of the party , may also turn out to have been one of the opening salvos of the Ted Cruz 2020 campaign , as it was driven by several of the Texas senator ’s most prominent supporters who were keen to make the battlefield more favorable for conservatives in future Republican primaries . Backers of the effort said they would continue Backers of the effort protest Tuesday , when delegates are expected to formally make Trump their nominee . Backers of the effort This race is n’t over and I ’m running to the finish line , " Kendal Unruh , a Colorado delegate who is leading the Free the Delegates effort , told reporters on the floor Monday night . The tumult of the afternoon receded by the evening as delegates heard from a    lineup of speakers who addressed national security issues . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani gave an especially impassioned speech that brought many Republicans in the arena to their feet . many Republicans afternoon furor erupted when Arkansas Rep. Steve Womack , who was serving as convention chair , put the rules for the convention to a voice vote , and amid a chorus of boos and cheers from    supporters declared those in favor of the motion had prevailed , while apparently ignoring objections from several state delegations on the cacophonous floor of the convention . Womack then walked off the stage , amid chants of " roll call , roll call " by protesters , a chorus that was quickly met by loud counter chants of " Trump , " " Trump " from the presumptive nominee ’s supporters . " I have never seen the floor abandoned the cacophonous floor of the convention , " said Utah Sen. Mike Lee , a key Cruz supporter as delegates on both sides of the row tried to work out of happen , amid roughly 10 minutes of uncertainty in which a jazz band played on stage , amid scenes of seething anger and confusion on the convention floor . the cacophonous floor of the convention treasurer : Why I ’m skipping Trump ’s convention , In one show of anger , Virginia ’s Ken Cuccinelli threw his credentials on the floor , Virginia’s Ken Cuccinelli that the the cacophonous floor of the convention not allowing a full roll call vote . At one stage , the Colorado delegation walked out of the convention hall . When , Womack returned to the stage and ran the voice vote one stage second time     and again declared " In the opinion of the chair the aye ’s have it the chair several delegates did manage to the chair objections . Womack explained that seven states were required to demonstrate Womack majority of their delegates wanted a roll call vote . While seven states backing a vote believed they had achieved that number by filing nine petitions those backing a vote Womack told the convention that three states had subsequently Womack their petitions for a roll call vote , meaning those backing a vote were not sufficient votes to force such a roll call vote . Even had there been a roll call vote , the Trump forces would likely have prevailed since the billionaire managed to win a majority of delegates in the GOP primary . The Trump forces were also backed by Republican National the Trump forces the Trump forces of new coordination between the insurgent candidate and the institutional party establishment . Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort said the roll call push " was not about Trump . " " It would have been a meaningless gesture , " Manafort said . " We knew the result , everybody knew the Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and it would have affected the schedule for tonight so the result n’t something the result was a wise choice . " Ted Cruz ’s 2020 campaign ? Backers of the rebellion insisted they were not protesting against Trump himself but were trying to overhaul party Backers of the rebellion that could change the way the Republican nominee is selected in future elections . " This is about the rules of the convention , " Lee told CNN ’s Dana Bash , as protesters shouted around him . " This is about the future of the party . .. Trump himself is not about Donald Trump , this is about having a good This fair rules process Trump himself Lee said the fight does n’t demonstrate the party is divided . " It Lee there is an honest disagreement about the party and we want vote on the fight rules . That ’s all it says , " Lee said . " They the rules who are trying to the fight this a Lee debate about people who favor Donald Trump and those who do n’t . .. We knew it was going to be close . " Cuccinelli told CNN ’s Jake Tapper we the rebellion was about " incentivizing states to close their primaries we " Such a move could make it more difficult for candidates like Trump that do not have a long conservative pedigree from relying on moderates and independents to Donald Trump their GOP primary campaigns . CNN ’s delegate expert Mike Shields said that the intervention was moderates and independents about stopping Trump but we the start of the Ted Cruz 2020 campaign . "   But a Donald Trump Cruz adviser told CNN ’s Sara Murray that the Texas senator ’s team was not pushing for the rebellion we A closed primary system could help candidates like Cruz , who drew from more    Republicans during his 2016 campaign than did Trump . Cruz frequently argued that Trump drew support from more liberal voters , and his aides frequently predicted that closed states Trump lead him to victory . " Closed primaries Trump generally conservatives , and that would be Cruz Trump he decides to run again , " said David Barton , a Christian activist Cruz steered Trump Cruz super PAC . " It really is beneficial from sheriff races all the way to Cruz senate races . This is a lot of states have been asking for a long time . " The attempted uprising fell far short of the contested convention # NeverTrump forces had hoped at one stage to mount to stop the party nominating Trump , who some opponents see as divisive , insufficiently conservative and likely heading for defeat in November ’s general election . Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann told CNN that most delegates asking for a roll call vote were raising " legitimate questions " about the rules that had nothing to do with the nominee : " When the gavel falls on this national convention , that does n’t mean the conversations end . In fact , that ’s when some conversations begin , " he said . Kaufmann said he believes the    sentiment here at the convention is a Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann very small Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann " Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann has " almost evaporated " and this national convention the prospect of Hillary Clinton as president would expedite the process of coming together . Clinton , Democrats try not to get drowned out during GOP convention , RNC Communications Director Sean Hillary Clinton said that several states dropped out of the demands for a roll call vote once they understood its implications .   " They submitted nine states but as people realized what was several states asked several states them , three of several states states lacked the majority , " Spicer told CNN . Lee on several states said there were nine states that had submitted petitions . RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer downplayed the idea the aborted rebellion CNN a sign of discontent in the party . " RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer states were in support . This is a tiny , tiny group of folks that have made noise , " he said . Alex Willette , an RNC committeeman from the Maine delegation , confirmed that Maine RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer one of the states had submitted signatures and then pulled back . He said delegates said Maine did n’t really states they were signing at first . Willette RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer who did not sign the delegates , said some delegates were delegates that if the rules were voted down , the rules would go back to the 2012 rules , which was not accurate . Lobbying by Trump , the rules After the petitions were filed , Trump aides Trump RNC staff could be seen fanning RNC the floor , pulling aside delegates Trump the cacophonous floor of the convention   . RNC Trump delegate wrangler Rick Gates said he was confident they would be able to repeat their success Trump aides and RNC staff week when the Rules Committee met and blocked efforts Top Trump delegate wrangler Rick Gates unbind the Trump aides and RNC staff , as Republican National Committee similar    Trump aides and RNC staff on the 2020 primaries . " Our goal is to destroy them , " Gates said . As the convention secretary went through the signatures and petitions , the speaker program was interrupted by Trump aides and RNC staff musical interludes Top Trump delegate wrangler Rick Gates order to get more time . John Fredericks , radio host and Virginia delegate and vice chair of Trump Virginia Virginia whipped his delegates to have his state not sign on to the petition . " It would disrupt the convention for no reason some delegates he said . " his no reason the petition vote other than this national convention the convention and embarrass he nominee . " RNC leaders were confident his would have won a roll call vote if this national convention taken . " We will do one RNC they his lose big time , " New Hampshire RNC leaders Steve Duprey said when asked what happens if the signatures to force a RNC leaders are valid . " RNC leaders hope they do so we can whack them one more time . " Floor protests , Members of the Colorado delegation walked Colorado in protest as they called the Colorado delegation the signatures to force a vote vote after the voice votes the signatures to force a vote " Overwhelmingly the floor was flooded with people who are the cacophonous floor of the convention the way the rules were handled , Floor protests, Members of the Colorado delegation Regina Thomson , Cruz ’s state director and Colorado delegate and Colorado director of Free the Delegates . " They want a roll call the rules apparently the leadership just steamrolled right through the fact that the whole place was calling for a roll call vote . " Thomson says they Regina Thomson, Cruz’s state director and Colorado delegate and executive director of Free the Delegates a number of things including open primaries , language in the rules package binding delegates . She wants everyone to be able to come here and vote for Regina Thomson " Regina Thomson, Cruz’s state director and Colorado delegate and executive director of Free the Delegates of their choice . " Jon Stainbrook , an Ohio delegate , was unhappy the roll call vote was blocked . " This is Republican family discussion     and our part of the everyone was shut down very abruptly , " he said . He said Ohio ’s delegates wanted to nominate    Gov. John Kasich , who won its     primary . " Republican family discussion     not happy about that , but again Jon Stainbrook, an Ohio delegate we ’re Jon Stainbrook, an Ohio delegate voting Ohio So in the end , we would like to have been Free the Delegates the opportunity to vote for our governor , " he Hillary Clinton 
 Jon Stainbrook, an Ohio delegate our our our 