’’ ’President Donald Trump   on Monday and offered ’President Donald Trump  on Monday plans to cut corporate taxes , impose a steep border tax on imports , and curtail regulations.’ " Businesses are n’t going to have any issues with the tax cuts and the regulatory rollback , but a steep border tax is something that everyone is going to furiously try to figure out . " ’This is especially true in the auto industry . Tax cuts will help Ford , General Motors , and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles to bolster their balance Ford, General Motors, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles , and a possible change to    and emissions regulations will help them to Ford, General Motors, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles more profitable trucks and SUVs.’ " But a border tax is going to put them in Ford, General Motors, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles awkward position of potentially adding plants in the US that they do Ford, General Motors, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles need , given the high level of sales currently in the market . There does n’t seem to be any question that a border tax is coming , so while tax cuts could ultimately cause the whole thing to even out , automakers will need to decide if they simply automakers to pay whatever it is   —    or lobby to make sure that there are different levels of border taxation . " " Obviously , imposing a border tax means adding to the federal bureaucracy   —    someone will have to figure out who owes what and how to pay   —    and that ’s not necessarily going to sit well with many conservatives . " " What is n’t going to sit well with Trump is the ultimate reluctance of automakers to go on a hiring spree in the US when a market downturn is n’t a possibility , it ’s a market downturn certainty . GM just laid off an entire shift of workers at its Lordstown GM Ohio factory   —    right in the heart of Trump country . Some 1 , 200 employees were let go because the car they build 200 employees the Cruze compact sedan , is experiencing declining sales in a market that ’s setting new sales records . " " This is important because even though the US economy is at    now , with the unemployment rate under 5 % Trump ’s supporters need manufacturing jobs to be created   —    jobs that do n’t require a college degree and that can be located in the battleground states that the President won . " ’When companies sort out the math and the politics , they may ’When companies that hiring is worth it to get the tax breaks and the regulatory rollbacks . ’ " But those jobs manufacturing jobs unstable ; and in the auto industry , they ’ll be manufacturing jobs that are n’t supported by demand . As soon as the market dips , they ’ll be manufacturing jobs . " ’’ " Trump ’s policies could keep auto sales elevated for another 12 to 18 months , but the US market will eventually fall back to a 15 million to 16 million annual sales pace . Gas prices could also rise again , leading to layoffs at SUV and pickup factories . " ’So if the bargain with Trump is some US hiring in return for tax cuts and regulatory breaks , the President will be setting himself up to the President with a lot of    workers in     —    and no leverage on taxes or regulations.’ ’At that point , the border tax might be his only bargaining the President . So patience and cooperation could be the best way for US manufacturers to come out of this ahead . And in the end , the overarching trend of automation replacing workers and making manufacturing more efficient and productive will continue apace . ’ " This is the tough math that Trump is facing . And we have n’t even gotten to the inflationary pressures the economy would face if hiring increases and wages go up in a    scenario .   " 
 