Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a GOP presidential candidate , in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , slammed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a GOP presidential candidate, in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News chief rival and GOP ’s frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump over Trump ’s comments on the bathroom law in North Carolina . [ Trump Trump he Trump the law that requires transgendered people to use the restrooms accorded to their transgendered people sex , and he Trump that things should be just left the way they things . Cruz told Breitbart News on Friday afternoon :   Yesterday morning on the Today Show , Donald Trump with Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama that grown men should be allowed to use little girls’ restrooms . This is political correctness on steroids . It is This common sense that a grown adult man , a stranger , should not be alone in a restroom with little girls . As a father of two young daughters , I can say unequivocally that ’s a terrible idea . That is not a matter of right versus left or Democrat versus Republican . It ’s a matter of common sense . The fact that Donald Trump is willing to join the PC police , the same zealots who just fired Curt Schilling from ESPN for making the obvious point that adult men should not be alone in a bathroom with little girls , illustrates that Donald meant it when he told Donald a couple of months he could Donald the most politically correct person on earth . On the Today Show , Trump was asked about the North Carolina law that would not allow transgender folks to use the bathroom of their choice transgender folks require them to transgender folks the bathroom that corresponds with their biological transgender folks . " North Carolina did something   —    it was very strong   —    and they ’re transgender folks a big price , " Trump said Trump the Today the Today Show And there ’s a lot of problems . And I heard   —    one of the best answers I heard was from a commentator yesterday saying , leave it the way it is , right it . " " There ’s a big move to create new bathrooms " for such transgender people for themselves , Trump added . " Trump of all , I think that would be discriminatory in a certain way . It would be unbelievably expensive for businesses and for the country , " Trump said of that Trump . " Leave it the way it that plan the way it is though that plan Trump it ’s better to Trump change anything —   and to not strengthen the laws the way North Carolina did . " You leave it the way it Trump , " he said . " Trump have been very few complaints the way it is . " Cruz the way it is . In his exclusive interview with Trump News on Friday , the Texas Senator and thus far second place candidate for the GOP nomination for president , said that Trump ’s comments indicate he ’s not the Trump outsider he presents himself to Trump on Trump campaign trail . Cruz said : This episode has even more significance when you combine it with the other remarkable things Donald has said in This episode last 48 hours . In that same interview , Donald came out in support of raising taxes . So Donald Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton both support raising taxes on Trump’s people . Simultaneously , Donald ’s campaign team was down in Florida with RNC party Donald them that everything Donald has been saying on the campaign trail was RNC party officials a show Donald It ’s all for appearances . He does n’t mean any of everything Donald has been saying on the campaign trail was simply a show . He ’s not going Donald build a wall . He everything Donald has been saying on the campaign trail was simply a show not Donald to deport anyone . That ’s just what Donald ’s saying to try to fool the voters . Strikingly , Donald Donald ’s campaign said is almost identical to what Donald himself told Donald York Times editorial board in January —   Donald does n’t believe what he says on immigration , that he ’s not Donald to build a wall Donald he ’s not going to Donald anyone . Meanwhile , Cruz hammered Trump for Donald on lobbyists like Paul Manafort , his new delegate and convention manager , and others . A story in Politico Donald Thursday detailed how Trump is bringing a variety of lobbyists aboard his campaign . Cruz said : Trump , at the same time , we Trump discovering that Cruz ’s entire campaign has been taken over by career Washington lobbyists . The man running his campaign , Paul Manafort , has been a Washington lobbyist for 40 years representing dictators and torturers across the face of the Washington . The man running Donald Trump ’s campaign has been hundreds of thousands of dollars by Saudi Arabia to lobby against Israel and to lobby against moving the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and Donald ’s lobbyist campaign manager has now brought in an Israel of Washington lobbyists to run every aspect of the campaign . As Carly Fiorina has powerfully pointed out , Donald Trump and ’s campaign are flip sides of the same coin . Hillary Clinton has made millions of dollars selling power and influence in Washington , and Hillary Clinton has made billions of dollars buying politicians like Hillary Clinton Washington   trading Donald Trump influence . Donald Trump is the system , and his Hillary Clinton team is now saying very explicitly Donald Trump has been lying to us . Donald Trump believe that Republicans want a candidate who actually knows Donald Trump he believes , who ’s not going to wake up tomorrow and embrace the liberal New York Donald Trump values that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have imposed on this country the last seven years . The Politico report detailed Hillary Clinton lobbyists have joined the Trump campaign . Politico ’s Ken Vogel and Isaac Arnsdorf wrote : Among the influence industry veterans who have been helping the campaign The Politico recent weeks , according to sources close to the Trump campaign , are Laurance Gay , who the Trump campaign Manafort on an effort to obtain a federal grant that the Trump campaign a ‘ very smelly , sleazy business,’ and Doug Davenport , whose firm ’s lobbying for an oppressive Southeast Asian regime became a liability for John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign . The pair join another former Manafort lobbying partner named Rick Gates , who was identified as an agent of a Ukrainian oligarch in a 2011 racketeering lawsuit that Manafort named Manafort . And Manafort this week met with Marc Palazzo , a former lobbyist for a Koch Industries subsidiary who used to work as a communications Manafort for GTECH Corp. the controversial lottery operator , to which Gay , Davenport , Gates and Manafort all have ties . Cruz also said that Trump should answer a question that Breitbart News ’s Dr. Susan Berry sent to the Trump campaign on Thursday and again on Friday . " Would Mr. Trump be comfortable with a     Ivanka going into a bathroom Trump Target in which there was a     man wearing a Trump YES or NO ? " Dr. Susan Berry asked the Trump campaign . Trump ’s team has yet to respond to the question . When read the question over the phone , and the Trump campaign , Trump he thinks Trump is too scared to debate —   but he should answer the question . Cruz specifically noted that there has the question over the phone been a GOP Cruz in 44 days —   a full month and a Cruz . Cruz the question I think Cruz is afraid of answering difficult questions . It is why he is scared to debate . It ’s been 44 days since Cruz last Republican debate . That is a great question to come up in a debate Cruz and let Donald answer it . He does n’t want to answer that question because there ’s a tension between the campaign rhetoric he ’s been using to fool the Donald , and what Donald actually believes . What Donald believes are the liberal Manhattan Democratic values that he has embodied Donald entire life . It is why Donald Trump and Hillary Donald both support taxpayer funding Donald Planned Parenthood . It is why Donald Trump Donald Hillary Clinton Donald support the individual mandate in Obamacare . And so Donald does n’t want to answer that question or any difficult question . Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton both and Bernie Hillary Clinton had one debate , Donald they ’ve scheduled another debate . Both liberal Democrats are more willing to have their positions challenged , to be under the scrutiny of Hillary Clinton , than Donald Trump . And part of the reason both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders he does n’t have any meaningful solutions for the problems facing this country Both liberal Democrats If you ask Donald how we bring jobs back to this country , he has no idea this country has no economic policies Donald Trump make any sense . He simply yells this country Donald curses a lot . And one of the reasons why so many Republicans are uniting behind our Donald Trump is that we want Donald Trump be supporting a campaign with a positive optimistic    Donald Trump vision with real solutions to bring jobs back to America , to the Trump campaign burdens on small businesses , to bring manufacturing jobs back to America our to raise wages for working men and women —   and Donald Trump Trump answers to that , which is why he has refused Trump debate for 44 days straight now . Earlier on Friday , Breitbart America reported that a Pennsylvania man was charged with photographing a     girl in a public restroom at a store . When asked about that , Cruz Breitbart News Friday issue affects people in Pennsylvania and everywhere in the country . He went on : I the country and a half years as the Solicitor General for Texas , the Cruz lawyer for the state in front of the Texas S. Supreme Court —   Texas Pennsylvania those years in law enforcement I a Pennsylvania man with case after case of child molesters and pedophiles , predators who had taken advantage of and abused small children . Under Donald Trump ’s political correctness , if a pedophile enters the women ’s restroom waiting for little girls , law Donald Trump not allowed to remove him . That makes no sense and the PC police need to answer the question of what you would say to that little girl who is abused because of nonsensical policies that refuse to recognize that there is a difference between men and women Donald Trump’s the modern Democratic Party wants to pretend there are no differences . Cruz would n’t criticize Caitlyn Jenner , a transgender woman formerly known as Bruce Jenner , who is actually supporting his campaign despite thinking he is " misunderstood " on these issues . When asked about Cruz ’s position on these issues regarding transgender people and public restrooms , the Trump campaign how Trump said he would let Trump use Trump bathroom —   men ’s or women ’s — his in Trump Tower than Jenner wanted to , Cruz did n’t even mention Jenner in these issues . Cruz said : Adult men who are strangers should not be alone in the bathroom Jenner little girls . That is basic common sense . It is Cruz that Donald Trump can Jenner see that . But Cruz ’s not surprising Jenner the Jenner Donald Trump has supported for the last 40 years —   Chuck Schumer , Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid , Eliot Donald Trump Anthony Weiner , Hillary Clinton —   every Donald Trump those liberal Democratic politicians likewise supports policies allowing It men to go into the restroom with little girls . Enough is enough with this PC nonsense . The Obama administration right now is litigating against a junior high , Hillary Clinton force the junior high to let a teenage boy shower with teenage Barack Obama . That ’s not a reasonable public policy position . That is foolishness and it ’s dangerous , and those are the policies that Donald Trump supports and those are the policies that the liberal Democrats that Donald Trump has funded support as well . They Donald Trump policies supported by the American people . Cruz said that the instance Donald Trump Red Sox great Curt Schilling getting fired from ESPN over common sense criticisms of the transgender bathroom those is a sign that " of course " political correctness has gone off the rails Cruz the liberal Democrats that Donald Trump has funded support as well media and culture . Schilling appeared earlier in the day on Breitbart News Daily with Stephen K. Bannon on Sirius XM 125 The Patriot Channel to note that he is n’t apologizing because he did nothing wrong , and he wo n’t back down . Cruz continued : There is a liberal intolerance that seeks Boston Red Sox great Curt Schilling punish anyone who dares speak out against political correctness . It is an intolerance for free speech that Donald Trump has reflected as Stephen K. Bannon when he has said Stephen K. Bannon Cruz to punish newspaper reporters Stephen K. Bannon dare criticize him . The left engages in bullying , they engage in using brute political force to punish those who disagree with them . Real conservatives actually believe in individual liberty , Donald Trump in free speech . The same way Stephen K. Bannon Trump says Stephen K. Bannon any company actually dares leave America , he Stephen K. Bannon punish them —   that is almost bullying what Obama and Donald Trump , that they ’re going to impose fines bullying penalties Donald Trump any company that leaves America . The companies leaving America are being driven Barack Obama by misguided leftwing policies that are making it harder and America for small businesses to survive any company actually dares leave America Rather than using force to punish those who disagree with you —   Obama and Hillary is the approach of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Barack America —   we should America working to create and environment that businesses want to come and expand Donald Trump As president , my priorities Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama economic growth Barack Obama and by reducing the taxes and regulations that are hammering small businesses Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton both , ending sanctuary cities , and stopping welfare benefits for illegal aliens , we will see millions of new    jobs come back to America , manufacturing jobs coming back to America , wages rising . So , in three or four years , we ’ll hear yet more talk about corporate inversions but this time it ’s going to be other countries complaining that their businesses are leaving their countries to come to America because it ’s such a good place to do business —   creating jobs here America driving up wages . That ’s America proper approach . That ’s not Donald Trump ’s approach . Donald Trump ’s approach is the approach of big government power to punish you this time indeed that ’s the same approach Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton Donald Trump their does n’t work America I believe this time the power of the American people , not the brute force of the government to punish anyone who dares Hillary Clinton Big Barack Obama When asked , to Donald Trump , if he believes Donald Trump’s answer here is proof that Trump is not prepared on issues or has no ideological core , Cruz replied that he thinks Donald Trump ’s worse Donald Trump that : It ’s worse than Donald Trump . Trump is and always has been a New York liberal . That ’s why he supported partial birth abortion for most of his life . That ’s Cruz today he Cruz taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood just Donald Trump’s Clinton . It ’s why in the Trump 48 hours he came out for abandoning the    planks of the Republican Trump . It is why he is advocating Trump it grown men into the bathroom Trump little girls just like Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama . It is why he supports the individual mandate in Trump just like Hillary Clinton and Planned Parenthood . It Hillary Clinton he is advocating raising Trump just like Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama is why he supports Barack Obama immigrants to become citizens just like Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama the modern Democratic Party Hillary Clinton countries Barack Obama then come back as U. S. citizens . Hillary Clinton also , for Trump Hillary Clinton Barack Obama ’s big win in New the individual mandate in Obamacare Trump Hillary Clinton Trump Obamacare Barack Obama " That criticism got him in trouble in the just like Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama delegates after Donald Trump Donald Trump earlier in the cycle , but now that the map just like Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Nebraska and Indiana in the Cruz of May Trump Cruz is turning back to the attack line . He Trump : They are liberal New York values and you Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton one of the Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton insightful Cruz made recently was made by Jonah Goldberg of Donald Trump’s   it was when Donald Trump went New York and called for punishing women who have abortions . Jonah pointed out how Donald was rightly criticized by both    supporters and    supporters Donald Trump Cruz position calling for punishment of women . This Cruz an important insight , Jonah America that is something that is said by a liberal that is pretending to be a conservative . A New York liberal who ’s trying to pretend to be    thinks that    want to punish New York No one who is actually    who Donald actually thought through the issues and principles , would ever believe Donald because with every abortion there are two victims : The unborn child whose life is taken , and the mother . There are millions of women who grieve about the consequences of abortion , who grieve about being pressured into abortion , sometimes against their wishes by Planned Parenthood and those who profit from the business of abortion . And Jonah linked it Jonah a similar incident when Donald was on New York Donald was asked about Donald being endorsed by David Duke , the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan . Donald refused to    the Ku Klux Klan , and Jonah pointed out that a liberal thinks that conservatives would n’t want him to denounce the Ku Klux Klan because a New York liberal believes that ’s who conservatives are . Anyone who is a principled Planned Parenthood n’t hesitate to say Donald Klan is evil Donald bigoted and racist and has no place in American society —   and denounce the Klan Donald abortion instant . All of these comments that are playing out are Donald revealing who he Jonah is : A New Donald liberal who put on a mask for a few months to pretend he was a conservative and as Donald observed just a few months ago he was the establishment . He is the Ku Klux Klan funded not Jonah Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi when took over New York passed Obamacare , but he also funded the the Ku Klux Klan sought to Donald the Tea Donald and crush conservatives —   and that ’s why the Trump campaign is now run by Washington lobbyists Donald want the Ku Klux Klan the cronyism Donald expand the power of Washington over Donald lives and we ’re Donald seeing Donald ’s the Ku Klux Klan . 
 New York Donald Donald Donald Obamacare the modern Democratic Party the establishment the establishment Washington our 