A Marine urged    Donald Trump , Vice    Mike Pence , and General James Mattis to " give ’em hell " while on ’em deathbed Saturday , saying that it was the greatest honor of ’em life to fight for them . [ " President Trump , Vice President Pence , and General Mattis , I would like to say that the greatest honor of my life has been to wage this battle with you , " ’em said .    " I have been prouder of being a Marine than anything I have ever done . Having a hand in some small way in fighting for my country has meant the world to ’em . There is no greater honor for me to have great men like you leading my country back to its my country and back to God , " ’em said . " Because with Trump , I have no doubt in my heart and in my mind that you will be perhaps the greatest president in the history of our my country " and to Pence , whom ’em called an " incredibly great man " and the only vice president within the past 150 years to " have any brains . " " Dear General Mattis , it appears I am out of ammunition , but I continue to fight with my last breath , " he said "Dear General Mattis, it appears I am out of ammunition " I do not fear death because I know where I am going , and I ’m only going home for a rest . It ’s you people here , the good people of America , for whom I cry , my loved ones and my friends , and the sacrifices they continue to make in this fight to restore our country . " " Dying is the easy part . Dying is Dying comforting part if you know who your God is and He holds Dying hand . And I do . I praise God for your God wonderful life . So many wonderful blessings that I have known , " he said Dying " And so many wonderfully kind and loving people in this country our country have met during my fight for this country . our country I want each and every one of you to know that we have taken on a challenge that has only just begun . The real battle lies ahead . " " And General Mattis , I have one request , sir , and that is : Give ’em hell , " he said , saluting sir " Semper Fi . God bless . " Lindsey passed away on his birthday December 17 Lindsey his family said . Lindsey days before , he had received a Lindsey from P. J. Schrantz , Trump ’s Chief of Security —   Trump , Pence , and Mattis wanted to know how he was holding up Lindsey Lindsey tore into the Lindsey during the primaries , burning his Republican Party voter Lindsey after he was turned from Lindsey as a    delegate in the Colorado caucus . 
 