A longtime Bush family operative and current RNC national committeeman from Massachusetts is calling on Republicans to rally behind supporters of Donald Trump and nominate the New York City real estate mogul as the GOP candidate for president . [ " To be honest , I started with my friend Jeb Bush , who I grew up with , " Ron Kaufman said on my syndicated radio show . " That did n’t work . "   Ron Kaufman goes back to 1980 with the Bushes , when George H. W. Bush was running for president in New Hampshire against Ronald Reagan . Ron Kaufman worked on that campaign along with    Rep. Andy Card of Massachusetts , who became Ron Kaufman    . Card was transportation secretary under George H. W. Bush 41 and George H. W. Bush 43 ’s first White House chief of staff , informing the president of the    terror attacks in 2001 . Kaufman served as a White House political director under Bush 41 . Last night Kaufman said Kaufman enormous surge in Republican voters this primary season shows that Trump has struck a nerve in American politics in a way that more traditional candidates have not . " Donald Trump Trump to end up with more votes than any person who ever ran for president in a contested race , probably , " said Kaufman . Kaufman ’s Kaufman after Trump swept to victory Trump Massachusetts’ nine Congressional district caucuses on Saturday , grabbing 23 of the 27 slots with record turnouts . In March , Trump won 49 percent Trump the GOP primary vote in the Bay State . Kaufman described the Kaufman routs in the Trump caucuses last weekend as " stunning . " Kaufman in effect Kaufman with another of his old allies Kaufman former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney Massachusetts who earlier this year repeatedly urged GOP voters to reject Trump . " You Trump n’t kick all those great tens of millions of voters to the side , " Kaufman said . Kaufman If we ’re going to win in November we ’re going to we every one of them to show up all those great tens of millions of voters vote . " Earlier this year , Kaufman was featured Kaufman the HBO series , " Circus , " in which veteran political operatives discussed the state of the presidential race . Last night , while saying that if he had better Kaufman the premise of " Circus , " he would never Kaufman been involved in it , Kaufman did point Kaufman that , " I was actually the one guy on the Donald Trump side , if you will . " During one taping , as the other participants sneered at Trump , Kaufman Kaufman Yorker Kaufman at least more than anyone else on the panel . " Trump is doing well for one reason , " Kaufman said on HBO . Kaufman He understands the climate and Kaufman culture of America today better than anybody . " Last night he elaborated on his earlier Kaufman comments . Kaufman Clearly , HBO Trump understands what people Kaufman out there in America better than anybody else , " America said . " That ’s Kaufman he will be the nominee in Kaufman opinion and I believe he ’ll be the president . Kaufman Kaufman predicted a unified Republican party will coalesce behind Trump after the convention in Cleveland Kaufman July , spurred on the specter of a Hillary Clinton presidency . " Once we get through the convention process , I think you ’ll see that the state parties , the presidential campaign , the RNC , all work together to make sure that it ’s Donald Trump picking the next two Kaufman Supreme Court Justices and not Hillary Clinton . " Howie Carr is a Hillary Clinton radio host and a columnist for the Boston Herald . His latest book , Killers , is a crime Howie Carr set in the Boston underworld . 
 