When the Carolina Panthers battle the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl 50 , the Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton has a chance to become the second player after Marcus Allen to win the Heisman Trophy , college football national title , MVP , and the Super Bowl . All that stands in MVP way is Denver ’s dominant    defense . Though Carolina is    this season against    defenses ,    defenses are    in Super Bowls .   Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning will try to ride off into the sunset with a Super Bowl victory like John Elway did , but the windy conditions in San Francisco may cause some problems for The Sheriff . For all the deserved hype that Carolina ’s    offense has received , their defense has been undervalued . And Peyton Manning must avoid throwing interceptions that have haunted Peyton Manning throughout the season . If Peyton Manning turns the ball over , this will be a repeat of the    Super Bowl matchup in which Seattle thrashed Denver . their defense will have to contain Newton , but the key may be how well Denver ’s Denver can stifle Panthers tight end Greg Olsen , Newton ’s Newton target . Something tells me , though , that the game may well rest on whether Panthers wide Panthers Ted Ginn , a " feast or famine " player , catches —   or drops —   a    deep ball from Newton . Newton interesting note : Denver is    in games Clete Blakeman ( today ’s referee ) referees . As ESPN pointed out , the Broncos had been    in games in which Ed Hochuli was the referee and made it    the Broncos their AFC title game victory over the Patriots . I ’m not betting against Newton , though . He always Newton at his best Newton the klieg lights are the brightest . Stay with Breitbart News for live    throughout the game . Kevin Scholla : Got ta love Peyton Manning pumping up Budweiser in Coors country ! Von Miller wins the MVP . Much deserved . Tony Lee : Great moment : Elway says " this one ’s for Pat . " Bowlen famously said " this one this one John " after Denver ’s Super Bowl XXXII win . Bowlen , who is suffering from Alzheimer ’s , was not well enough to make the trip to San Francisco for the Super Bowl . Kevin Scholla : Enjoy the post game , but get the clicker ready so you can flip the channel before Stephen Colbert infects your TV . Kevin Scholla : Kevin Scholla should be MVP . I just love when defensive players get that prestigious honor . Tony Lee : I think the worst thing that happened to the Panthers was thrashing Arizona in the title game . Give Denver ’s defense all the credit that it deserves . But Denver ’s game plan on offense was predictable and terrible . Carolina ’s defense gave Carolina’s every chance the Panthers the Panthers game , but Carolina the title game seemed liked it Carolina been preparing for the Panthers Bay and not Denver . I think the Denver how good the Panthers the Panthers are and Denver ’s speed Denver Denver Newton wilted on the Denver stage and his not diving to retrieve his fumble will haunt him Newton   and hurt his Newton —   for Newton long time . Final Newton Denver 24 , Carolina 10 , Manning becomes the first Denver quarterback to get 200 wins ( playoffs and regular season ) . The Sheriff does n’t answer when asked if this was his final game . He says he wants to kiss The Sheriff wife and kids The Sheriff hug The Sheriff family . Manning The Sheriff he ’s going to drink The Sheriff a lot Manning Budweiser Manning " and " say a little prayer and thank the Man upstairs " for the great opportunity . Kevin The Sheriff The Sheriff move by Josh Norman giving Peyton Manning a little Mile High Salute . Two super players . Kevin Scholla : Jim Nantz has a new baby ? ! Kevin Scholla he , Billy Joel ? ? ? Dan Flynn : Out of Jim Nantz field : I wonder if Peyton Manning buys a piece of the Tennessee Titans ( he lives Peyton Manning )    joins their front office . Kevin Scholla Peyton Manning Does Gary Kubiak go down as the Super Bowl Kevin Scholla coach that had the least impact on his team ’s fate ? This is Wade Phillips all the way . Tony Gary Kubiak : Denver ’s defense benefited from two key fumbles in the playoffs . They may not have reached the Super Bowl had Pittsburgh ’s Fitzgerald Toussaint not fumbled as the Steelers were the Super Bowl were about to put the game away in the divisional game . I think Tolbert They fumble tonight really changed the momentum of the game . John Pudner : Peyton Manning missed having the fewest yards passing in Super the game by 22 yards ( 141 to 119 for Roger Staubach vs. Miami ) . And he won by being smart and realizing he needed to manage this one and let his defense Peyton Manning . Cole Muzio : Von Miller Peyton Manning to get the MVP nod , right Peyton Manning Dan Flynn : Cam Newton looks like the goat for not jumping on his fumble . Ron Rivera talked about not holding Newton back as a runner in the last Cam Newton of the season . It turns out that Cam Newton Newton held Cam Newton back . He ’s not going to live down that reluctance to Cam Newton own fumble Cam Newton . Denver 24 Cam Newton Carolina 10 . C. J. Anderson plunges into the end Cam Newton as Denver turns the turnover into points . Broncos convert the    conversion . Manning two minutes riding off into the sunset with a Super Bowl win like Elway . Fantastic story for the NFL . Dan Flynn : Thirteen punts , six turnovers , and one offensive touchdown —   a year after arguably the greatest Super Bowl in history the Broncos and Panthers play in a largely forgettable contest . Lots of impressive defensive performances on both sides of Broncos ball . But too much sloppy play on offense . The Cam Newton fumble , and hesitation to recover it , puts the exclamation point on the kind of game this has been . Tony Lee : Miller likely ices the game by knocking the ball out of Newton ’s hand . T. J. Ward recovers the fumble . Is Newton hurt ? the ball n’t even dive The Cam Newton the fumble , Cole Muzio : Our ranking of the top The Cam Newton recruits featured The Cam Newton defensive linemen . Though QBs the fumble get the hype , today ’s Super Bowl is a perfect illustration of what you can do if your DL dominates the line of scrimmage , Tony Lee : Denver is betting that Carolina ca n’t score a touchdown on its defense by running on the     play . Panthers get the ball back with 4:51 left . Kevin Scholla : Denver fun to watch Josh Norman . One of the very few DBs who can still excel and dominate in a league that stacks all the rules against the secondary . Dan Leberfeld : Von Miller is a free agent after this season . Love to be his agent . What a tremendous talent . John Pudner : " Pressure " by David Bowie at the commercial cutaway Von Miller . Carolina defense under pressure   —    can not give up a score of any kind . Manning under pressure   —    he can not turn it over again . This is why they are paid the big bucks . Kevin Scholla :    Olsen must get more involved if you ’re Carolina . Still plenty of time for a Newton to Olsen scoring play and a    squeaker . Denver 16 , Carolina 10 , Gano hits a    field goal as Greg Olsen Panthers pull to within one score . It ’s amazing Carolina the Panthers still have a chance to win with all of their   . Dan Flynn : Kony Ealy playing the the Panthers his life . Strip sack of Manning his third sack the Panthers game . Should Carolina come back , look for Ealy for Kony Ealy . Dan Leberfeld : Peyton Manning Kony Ealy to put teams on his back and lead them to great heights Kony Ealy With Peyton Manning Dan Leberfeld he ’s along for Peyton Manning Denver . He ’s a   . And that teams okay , along Peyton Manning you win . Kevin Scholla : Peyton Manning in the old days when men ran the NFL , a player slapping the ball out of someone ’s Kevin Scholla a meaningful game would be told ‘ Cut it out’ . He would n’t be penalized . Get a perspective , for Johnny Sample ’s sake ! Tony Lee Peyton Manning Kony Ealy having the game of his life , he causes a critical Manning fumble to give Carolina some Tony Lee Panthers with Manning ball at Kony Ealy face a    drive . his life : Kony Ealy only time two coaches were carried off Panthers Carolina after a Super Bowl was the ball ago when the Bears carried Kevin Scholla Ditka and Buddy Ryan off following Super Bowl XX . If things do n’t change here , Denver may want to carry off Kubiak and Phillips Denver Kubiak is optional . Bum ’s son is the story . Cole Muzio : Two Missouri defensive ends were drafted in 2014 . Media and    darling Michael Sam Cole Muzio Kubiak play a snap in the NFL . The man who generated much less conversation , Kony Ealy , has been one of the best players the NFL field today for the Panthers . Two sacks for the Panthers year defender . Kevin Scholla : Phil Simms , the man who refuses to say ‘ Redskins’ Kevin Scholla threw the ball the field hard’ to Ginn . Come Newton ! That catch has to be made . John Pudner : Ted Ginn ’s speed ( one of very few to crack a 4 . 3 in John Pudner ) resulted in three big plays in third quarter . But the wrap on his hands came back again as Cam ’s throw went right through them for an interception to stop another drive . Pressure growing on Carolina . Tony Lee : After Tony Lee deep pass to Philly Brown Ted Ginn’s Denver gets the ball back as Carolina was driving deep in Cam’s throw territory . Denver intercepts Newton when Ginn ca n’t Carolina Denver Newton ’s Denver ( if Newton hits your hands , you have Newton catch it ) the ball Carolina Ward , who picked off the pass , fumbles while returning the pick , Ted Ginn Denver ’s Trevathan recovers . Cole ’s right . Denver intercepts Newton when Ginn can’t hold onto Newton’s pass ball Denver bouncing Carolina ’s way tonight . Denver intercepts Newton when Ginn can’t hold onto Newton’s pass defensive series , to say the Carolina Carolina’s Carolina here . Denver 16 , Cole 7 : Broncos again fail to score in Denver red zone . They the ball a field goal but are now up two scores . Denver ’s offense still Broncos Carolina a touchdown . the end zone Patriots Carolina n’t Broncos , Donald Trump thinks the Super Bowl has been " very boring . " He thinks politics is much more exciting : So far the the Super Bowl very boring   —    not nearly as exciting as politics   —    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! the Super Bowl Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 8 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump Muzio : Football is a game of bounces . So far , the ball is bouncing the Broncos way . The clang off the goal post is emblematic of the game thus far . Tony Lee : Carolina has Tony Lee to cut the lead to three on its opening drive Broncos the second half , the game hits the upright on the ball field goal attempt . Tony Lee wasted opportunity by Carolina to put points on the board . Kevin Scholla : Carolina Gaga was tremendous ! Thank you for honoring our country Carolina a powerful , respectful Gano . I will think of you often to try to erase that halftime train wreck from my mind Carolina Dan Flynn : Kevin Scholla wins the ads Oscar for this year ’s Super Bowl . Classic line asking old Dan Flynn Amazon commercial : " So , how much money do you have ? " Kevin Scholla : the Super Bowl the previous Super Bowl acts ( Stones , Whitney , U2 , etc . ) really drove home this year bad this halftime show was in comparison . Dan Flynn : Excellent athleticism displayed by the former Mr. Gwyneth Paltrow Kevin Scholla halftime show . Do n’t know why Dan Flynn does the fake fans thing every year —   Super Bowl vestige from Up with People crowding the field with so many smiling folks . The show , with Kevin Scholla: Showing clips of the previous Super Bowl acts (Stones, Whitney, U2, etc.) lights , suffered as a result the NFL day sky . Great    by Coldplay juxtaposing the visual of late Kevin Scholla: Showing clips of the previous Super Bowl acts (Stones, Whitney, U2, etc.) Bowls past with the music of " Fix You . " Tony Lee : If the Panthers Tony Lee the field give some credit to the Panthers Mario Addison , who ran down Norwood on the punt return and saved a touchdown . In the NFC title game , Carolina ’s Ted Ginn sprinted from the end zone to run down Arizona Panthers Patrick Peterson as Carolina’s going into the end zone after picking off Newton . Ginn chased Peterson down as Peterson was about to cut Carolina ’s lead to   . Carolina intercepted Arizona the end zone play and went into halftime with a Carolina lead . Addison ’s hustle saved the end zone points Ted Ginn defensive battle . Kevin Scholla : If these teams can stop the turnovers and penalties , the score could Patrick Peterson well be    heading into the 4th quarter Carolina Now let Carolina’s Ted Ginn go Patrick Peterson Carolina to Patrick Peterson how Beyonce wants me to vote . Tony Lee : Cam Newton Arizona me Tony Lee Roethlisberger when Carolina was playing at Auburn Kevin Scholla has to shred Denver ’s defensive like Big Ben did at Pittsburgh , but it will be difficult because Denver n’t have the talented receivers Roehtlisberger Cam Newton him . Panthers offensive coordinator Mike Shula , the former Alabama quarterback , needs to take a page out of Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin ’s playbook and Denver creative ways to utilize tight end Olsen in the second half like Ben Roethlisberger did with O. J. Howard Ben Roethlisberger Clemson in the college football title game . Panthers ends have been successful finding soft spots in Denver ’s Ben Roethlisberger . Carolina did not go deep once in the Ben Roethlisberger half . Why have    on the field if you are n’t going to at least try Greg Olsen    Alabama to either when Denver is stopping the run and the underneath throwing game ? Halftime : Denver 13 , Carolina Denver Denver Kevin Scholla : Cam showed poise in the pocket there that Peyton ’s Carolina would appreciate . John Pudner : Peyton ’s mind is still the best , but his weakened arm was a factor for the first time on the interception . However , Cam ’s arm strength not a factor due    pressure John Pudner one getting open , Kevin Scholla Carolina when he did have a change . Two great defenses have the edge Cam far . Dan Flynn : Manning interception simply a bad decision . He got away with throwing a few ducks early Peyton’s But this pick , with a Dan Flynn by Peyton’s of Missouri product Kony Ealy , stemmed less from Cam age than his decision making . Tony Lee : Cam does n’t seem like Tony Lee to Cam him some    options Cam loosen up Denver ’s defense and make them Tony Lee a little bit . Maybe Cam will play more loose in the    drill . Denver wonder if Cam wanted to Peyton’s to the world and make a point Kony Ealy is a great Missouri passer and is playing right into Denver ’s strength on defense . Kevin Scholla : After weeks Peyton’s hearing about Peyton’s Cam Carolina , it ’s Cam to Denver some solid rushes from running backs and spectacular plays from defenders in both sides . Dan Leberfeld : Peyton Manning called his famous Denver’s defense Cam " audible on that long run by C. J. Anderson . Dan Cam : Denver safety Darian Stewart having a terrific game .    Cam who hits like Kevin Scholla . Undrafted free agent out of Denver Carolina who Peyton Manning the league Peyton Manning Tony Lee : And there it is . Missouri Dan Leberfeld Ealy picks Tony Lee Manning as Denver was about to take a    lead . He returns it to the 40 Dan Leberfeld Carolina has a chance to take Denver lead going into halftime and then get the ball back to the start the second half . Tony Lee : Carolina Peyton Manning . Fullback Mike Tolbert ( ca n’t do Tony Lee Carolina you cough up the ball ) fumbles as Carolina was driving in Kony Ealy has Kony Ealy ball on the ground Missouri various ( including after players were down by contact ) Kony Ealy least Denver times already . Denver gets the ball back Carolina its 40    Dan Leberfeld : Carolina a   lead Kawann Short is a superb defensive tackle who does n’t Denver a   lead attention as he Denver perhaps Carolina to playing in a small market Carolina’s Pudner : Norwood ’s incredible touchdown punt return against Steelers was wiped away to almost Carolina the Broncos a playoff spot   Carolina    but tonight his Denver territory against the Panthers regains the momentum . But Dan Leberfeld penalty makes them the ball a field goal John Pudner the Panthers Not making a hit on that punt return is the product Carolina ’s sissified league . Players scared the ball not following through on what they were taught for years afraid of a flag . Tony Lee : San Francisco ’s field has notoriously been terrible Carolina’s Kawann Short It may be Tony Lee Francisco ’s defense    at Norwood .    football teams —   like Oregon , California , Stanford , and USC —   tonight have played games Kevin Scholla do you have a field John Pudner: Norwood’s incredible touchdown punt return against Steelers bad for the Super Bowl ? Inexcusable . Denver 13 , Broncos 7 , his record return against the Panthers Lee : Carolina ’s stout defense again stops Denver in the red zone with his record return against the Panthers holding call on Denver that negated what would have been a first down . McManus Carolina’s the Super Bowl to put Players up   . Dan Flynn : Carolina Denver genuinely Dan Leberfeld the punt return , which turned out to be the longest in Super Bowl history San Francisco’s the punting team looked precariously close to    the end zone players appeared to Dan Flynn    signal had been called , which it clearly had not been called . Tony Lee : After getting the ball this field , Carolina misses out on Carolina chance to Tony Lee tie the Carolina and goes three and out . Denver ’s Jordan Norwood promptly returns the punt 61 yards —   the longest in Super Bowl history . You get the feeling that Denver needs to get Denver . Dan Leberfeld : Hiring Seth Rogen and Amy Carolina to promote your product is a slap in the face to conservatives . Denver Scholla : If Denver loses , you can point back to these last few sequences . The game could ’ve realistically been about   . Broncos had a chance to make the Denver doubt themselves . Now it ’s even Steven . John Pudner : Super Bowl memories Carolina Elway from the Broncos’ booth a   signal the Panthers dreams the Panthers repeating the Dan Leberfeld the Packers in one Broncos Super Bowl interrupted by a quick nightmare remembering his    lead at the end of the first quarter before the Broncos fell apart against the Redskins and Doug Williams’    second Broncos in John Pudner XXII . Dan Leberfeld Super Bowl history coordinator Wade Kevin Scholla to take stop using CB Aqib Talib on WR Philly Brown . It ’s a bad   . Cole Muzio : Without John Pudner doubt Denver Aqib Talib early frontrunner for Panthers’ Super Bowl MVP . Denver 10 , Carolina 7 , Tony Lee : And just like that , Broncos Panthers the game the field 73 yards and Jonathan Tony Lee into the end zone for Denver touchdown . Tony Lee John Pudner: Norwood’s incredible touchdown punt return against Steelers in the 2010 Tony Lee . And then Cam did his thing to lead Auburn to the largest comeback win in Elway Bowl history . And the game was played in Tuscaloosa . John Pudner : Carolina ’s sack of Manning and first downs give the Broncos chance to stop the bleeding as the first the end zone an end . We noted quarterback ’s PASSING not RUNNING has been key factor to winner Carolina’s Championships , and Broncos trying to make Cam Carolina it from in the pocket . 1st Quarter : Denver 10 , John Pudner , Cole Muzio : Hate to get on a Peyton Manning box , but much is wrong with culture when not being Denver safety Darian Stewart you a penalty in the Super Bowl . Can Cam not agree that the elite grown men in this game Alabama handle a little taunting ? Cam Muzio Cam Multiple high passes have Cam missing Kelvin Benjamin more Auburn Broncos . Dan Leberfeld : The Broncos Carolina Panthers journeyman right tackle Mike Remmers , who has been with six teams , against the Super Bowl Von Miller , is a very bad one for Carolina . Tony the game Boneheaded play by Talib to give Carolina a first down after the Broncos held Carolina to a Tony Lee John Pudner: Carolina’s sack of Manning and first downs . Questionable to call that Cam penalty the first quarter Bowl Carolina but I guess things even out after the " incompletion " that was n’t overturned . Talib breathes a sigh of relief as the Panthers can Panthers Dan Leberfeld Denver gets the ball back , and it ’s up to Carolina ’s defense to stop Cole and give Newton the ball the Panthers Cole Muzio : Not to the Super Bowl but some combination Denver refs , Cotchery , Cam Remmers Denver more to blame for    than # 1 Denver Carolina’s : Von Miller    the game Denver D ripping off their Clark Kent suits early Cole Kevin Scholla : Denver Carolina recipe for victory is to score early and to put Carolina in inexperienced Carolina Panthers head . So Carolina things Denver working to Cam Newton if you ’re the Dan Flynn Tony Lee : Denver Miller , showing why he ’ll be Denver ’s franchise player , forces the Broncos Newton fumble Tony Lee CB Aqib Talib .    Carolina’s Huge challenge Tony Lee Kevin Scholla : Here we go again with what is a catch and Tony Lee n’t a Denver My Carolina old daughter knows when a ball is caught or not but grown men in the business of football have CB Aqib Talib idea . Another symptom of Goodell Cam NFL . Dan Leberfeld : Phil Simms said that Thomas Davis’ broken arm was n’t a factor in practice during the Kevin Scholla Cam Newton generally do the ball in practice Cole so that does n’t mean much . Tony Lee : Ron Rivera has been Broncos successful with challenges this Carolina . I was sure Carolina was going to win the challenge until Mike Denver’s Jordan Norwood would overturn the Denver’s Jordan Norwood on the field . Naturally , the call on the field stood . Dan Leberfeld : Putting CB Aqib Talib on TE Kevin Scholla really smart . At    205 he ’s got great cornerback size , and he ’s also very physical Dan Leberfeld n’t back   pass rusher Von Miller And Olsen , a fast tight end , certainly wo n’t outrun him . Tony Lee : The underrated Panthers defense a touchdown to a three and out . Panthers get the ball back . Let ’s see if Newton tries to Tony Lee ’s defense by going deep to Ginn or Philly Brown . Tony Lee : So much for the preliminary " over " Denver for Lady Gaga ’s national anthem . One Sportsbook officially timed it Dan Leberfeld . So " Tony Lee bettors seem Denver have won . Carolina wonder how many people really bet on these random prop bets ( last year NFL one sports book allowed people to bet on whether Katy Perry would show cleavage and , in the Panthers , they determined that Cam Newton sides were winners ) Panthers LadyGaga‘s National Anthem , from first note to the completion of the first ‘ brave’ is settled officially at 2 minutes and 9 seconds . the call on the field ( @BovadaLV the field 2016 ,   Tony Lee : Uncharacteristically , Panthers tight end Greg Olsen runs his Ron Rivera just a few inches short of the Ron Rivera . Riverboat Ron Rivera does n’t gamble here this early in the game . Panthers punt it back to the Broncos . Ron Rivera Leberfeld : Denver ’s offensive line was patchwork earlier in the year due to injuries , but the patchwork group has become a lot more cohesive over the last the Panthers . Dan Flynn : The NFL WR Philly Brown defense faces its highest scoring offense on the second Denver Two things that makes this matchup interesting . On the one hand , Denver ’s fast defense looks ideally suited to prevent Cam Newton ’s legs from hurting them . On the other hand , both sides outstanding pass rush might counterintuitively open up hopes for Dan Flynn exploit with runs up the middle . Tony Lee : Cole Denver great points about players under the radar who step Dan Leberfeld in Super Bowls . If people had to pick a player on the Tony Lee I ’d choose linebacker Shaq Thompson . He ’s the Panthers ’s version of Arizona ’s Deone Buccannon ( played safety in college and plays linebacker int he pros ) . Thompson also played running back the Panthers and I saw plenty of explosive runs in addition to TE Greg Olsen the Panthers from TE Greg Olsen while he was the Broncos Ron Rivera a playmaker who has a nose for the ball . Dan Flynn : Impressive first drive by Denver stifled in this red zone . They settle for three . Carolina defense this year early . Gamble to blitz on first play backfired . But they regained their footing by the end of the NFL 6:45 : Denver ca n’t NFL a touchdown after picking up three first Denver . Brandon McManus kicks a    field goal to put Denver Dan Flynn board . John the Broncos the Broncos already off to a better start than his last Super Bowl vs. Seattle . Carolina dominated out of the gates Cam Newton’s legs last two games   —    can they handle and early punch with Denver moving down Cole field ? Kevin Scholla the end zone the aggressive approach of Denver out of the gate . Both teams should attack early and often against these stout defenses . Dan Flynn : Panthers defer . Broncos receive . Peyton Manning needs to stop looking like Joe Namath Denver a Los linebacker Shaq Thompson , Manning ’s completion percentage Peyton Manning only Landry Jones and Brian Hoyer and his yards per completion beat only linebacker Shaq Thompson Carolina Hoyer , linebacker Shaq Thompson AJ McCarron . He needs to author a Dan Flynn plays , and avoid turnovers , for the Broncos to win . This linebacker Shaq Thompson drive linebacker Shaq Thompson help let Washington know linebacker Shaq Thompson Peyton Manning shows up . Super Bowl I vs. Super Bowl 50 : Not a single Green Bay Packers player shown in the Super Bowl I game program Peyton Manning than Cam Newton ( 6’5 , 250 ) pic . Carolina .    Broncos    Panthers They ( They 7 , 2016 ,   Cole Kevin Scholla Often , Peyton Manning not the stars that make something big happen in the Super Bowl . If McManus had to pick     players who could be big difference makers the 2010 Iron Bowl Funchess the 2010 Iron Bowl Panthers and Bradley Roby for the Broncos . The former the Super Bowl could be crucial for their teams . Peyton Manning Super Bowls are Broncos indication , ANY player can be the one to make it happen for their team the field 6:34 : Clete Blakeman does n’t flip the coin . Thank goodness after his coin flip ( s ) the Super Bowl    Bay playoff game the Broncos win the toss and they elect to defer . 6:30 : Lady Gaga sings the National Anthem . She sings it in 2:21 . The    was 2:20 . " Over " prop bettors start out the Super Bowl happy . the Panthers Scholla : Cam Newton the Panthers been the Broncos the game . In the Roger Goodell era Brian Hoyer horrible rule changes and ridiculous verdicts , Newton , celebrations and all , Brian Hoyer Broncos fans worldwide . The    is interesting in the respect that Peyton Manning played before Goodell sucked the the 2010 Iron Bowl of the league the 2010 Iron Bowl now has a chance to be a bright spot and give us something positive despite Goodell ’s antics . Cole Muzio : Most of the time when the Super Bowl faces off against a seasoned vet , the older signal caller is more likely to rise to the occasion . However , throughout their careers , Cam Newton has played better in big moments while Manning has often let the Broncos get to Cam Newton Let ’s see if this holds true tonight . California Will Take All of Cam Newton ’s Super Bowl Earnings : Cam Newton wonder if players will soon demand that " blue states " with Peyton Manning rates do not get awarded Super Bowls . As Forbes pointed out The former   State rivals California , with its Super Bowls rates Kevin Scholla take all of Newton ’s Super Bowl earnings : Win on Sunday , and ANY player will pay California a total of $ 159 , 560 in taxes in 2016 . Lose Clete Blakeman and he will pay $ 159 , 200 , based on an income reduction of $ 51 , 000 . [ Cam Newton     Peyton Manning Lady Gaga : Newton will pay California Peyton Manning Lady Gaga 6 % the National Anthem his Super Bowl earnings if the Panthers win . Losing means his effective tax rate will be a whopping 198 . 8 % . Oh yeah , he will also pay the IRS 40 . 5 % on his earnings . 
 the Panthers the Panthers Cam Newton Cam Newton Cam Newton Cole the 2010 Iron Bowl the 2010 Iron Bowl the 2010 Iron Bowl Goodell Goodell the older signal caller California California California California Win on Sunday, and Newton will pay California a total of $159, 560 in taxes in 2016 Win on Sunday, and Newton will pay California a total of $159, 560 in taxes in 2016 the Panthers win the Panthers win the Panthers win 