Raleigh , North Carolina ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton finished out Hillary Clinton    presidential campaign with an emotional final rally in North Carolina that began after it her   presidential campaign already become Election Day on the East Coast , declaring a campaign trail mantra : " love trumps hate . " Marking the end of a    whirlwind last day on the stump , the Democratic nominee took the stage in Raleigh with her the Democratic nominee , Bill Clinton , their the Democratic nominee , Chelsea , as well as pop stars Lady Gaga and Jon Bon Jovi , to deliver her the Democratic nominee message .   " Tomorrow night , this election will end , " Clinton said , prompting her Clinton yell out : " Today ! "   " But our work together will be just beginning , " she Clinton . Clinton Clinton Trump in final sprint to finish line , To Clinton Clinton left , supporters held up letters to spell out : " MAKE HISTORY . " Behind her Clinton her Clinton and former president looked on with obvious pride , more than once clasping his her husband and former president in front of his her husband and former president as though he her husband and former president in awe of the woman before him her husband and former president    " I want you to know and I want you to spread he word : I want to be president for all Americans . Not just some , " Clinton said . " None of us want to wake up Wednesday morning and wish we us done more . " A grandmother to Chelsea ’s two young kids , Clinton Clinton her Clinton campaign speech by describing what is at stake on Election Day for parents and grandparents .   " When your kids or grandkids ask what you did in 2016 , " she Clinton , " you ’ll be able to say you voted for a stronger , fairer , better America . An America America we build bridges , not walls . Where we we , conclusively , that yes : Love trumps hate . " With those words , Clinton Clinton her Clinton presidential campaign .   Her Clinton had begun with a first rally in Pittsburgh , where Clinton Clinton with Americans to reject Donald Trump ’s " pessimistic " worldview . She Clinton asked the country to look ahead to the work that needs to be done after Election Day .   " Tomorrow is the election , but that is just the beginning , " Clinton Clinton . " We have to heal this the country We have We bring people together , to listen and respect each other . " The former secretary of state and her Clinton have been intently focused on      and early voting efforts over the last few weeks , urging Americans to resist the temptation to stay home and vote before November 8 if they can Americans All day Monday , Clinton Clinton the importance of heading to the ballot box Tuesday for those who have not yet voted .   With a renewed sense of urgency , Clinton Clinton in Pittsburgh that voting on Tuesday is Tuesday " vote for yourself , vote for your family , vote for your futures . " And as she Clinton been doing throughout the general election , Clinton Clinton to paint a stark contrast between her Clinton and Trump ’s .   Donald Trump Trump his bid : Trump ’s been some campaign’ " We do n’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America , " she Clinton . " Tomorrow you can vote for a hopeful , inclusive ,    America . America America are being tested in this election . " Clinton even urged voters that confront long lines on Election Day : " Please wait . " " In early voting , we have had people Our in line for two and three hours , " she Clinton . " And there have been reporters and others going up and down the line asking people , all kinds of Americans , not one type , all types , ’Why are you here?’ ’Because my future depends on it,’ they say . " people hours later , campaigning in Allendale , Michigan , just outside of Grand Rapids , Clinton stressed that the support she has received from Clinton across the aisle signals " why this election is so different . " " It ’s why so this election Republicans have spoken out to endorse me and support me , " Clinton said , adding Clinton some Republicans " have taken very courageous stands against the nominee of their own party . so many Republicans " Because they believe that we some Republicans "have taken very courageous stands against the nominee of their own party put country ahead of party , " she said .   Clinton again painting Trump ’s vision as " pessimistic " and dark , the Democratic nominee said the nominee of their own party n’t Clinton the country through her opponent ’s country   " People look at us with yearning , " Clinton said . " We are already great , but we us be greater . And we us be greater . " At us final rally , Clinton evoked Bon Clinton ’s famous single Clinton " Livin’ On a Prayer , " to concede that there was not much more she could do .   " Between Clinton and the time the poll closes tomorrow , we are going to be livin’ on us prayer ! " she said . 
 Clinton 