  ( CNN ) The US and  (CNN) allies have killed between 800 and 900 ISIS fighters in the operation to retake Mosul , US Army Gen. Joseph Votel said Thursday . US military officials estimate that there are 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 ISIS fighters defending the last major stronghold of the terror group in Iraq , and an additional 1 , 500 to 2 , 000 ISIS soldiers in a zone outside Iraq . US Army Gen. Joseph Votel is the head of US Central Command and is assisting the Iraqis in the fight for Mosul . A coalition of about 100 , 000 forces began the operation 10 days ago , and have been slowly gaining ground toward the Iraq liberating villages from ISIS rule along the way . Clashes with ISIS fighters are expected to intensify the closer in troops get , and in Mosul itself bloody     skirmishes are expected , CNN has reported . ISIS is now sending " suicide squads " to Mosul from Mosul itself symbolic capital of Raqqa in Syria , which the US and coalition forces also plan to try to capture soon .   ISIS executed a total of 232 people near Mosul on Mosul itself , United Nations Human Rights spokesperson Ravina Shamdasani told CNN on CNN .   The UN Human Rights Office also said that since October 17 , ISIS has been " taking tens of thousands of men , women and children from the outskirts of Mosul and bringing them into the city Mosul to use them as human them against the Iraqi forces advance on Mosul . " Mosul Mosul offensive has Mosul attention on the presidential campaign trail , with Republican nominee Donald Trump repeatedly attacking the Pentagon for publicly discussing the operation before it started . the operation repeated the Republican nominee Donald Trump again in an interview aired on Thursday . " I ’ve been hearing about Mosul now for Mosul months , " Trump told ABC Republican nominee Donald Trump George Stephanopoulos . " ’We’re going to attack . We ’re going to attack.’ Meaning Iraq ’s going to attack but with us , OK We We ’re going We attack . Why do they have to talk about it ? " Trump also criticized Republican nominee Donald Trump Army War College dean Jeff McCausland after the military expert said the candidate lacks George Stephanopoulos grasp of military strategy . " You can tell your military expert that the military expert down , and I ’ll teach him a couple Republican nominee Donald Trump things , " Trump said . Republican nominee Donald Trump 