Washington ( CNN ) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Wednesday that defeating ISIS would be the United States’ top priority in the Middle East and hinted at establishing a safe zone for refugee protection , as allies chafed at the time it ’s taking the Trump administration to articulate a strategy . The US will continue to pursue the Obama administration ’s    approach of using military force identifying and intercepting terrorist fighters who go to Syria from other countries targeting the terror group ’s finances working to counter the terror group’s propaganda and stabilizing areas once ISIS has been ousted . Tillerson , speaking as Tillerson opened the 10th Global Coalition Ministerial meeting on ISIS , added that " the United States will increase our pressure on ISIS and    and will work to establish interim zones of stability , through ceasefires , to allow refugees to return home . " Tillerson offered no details , but said the US is " working to tailor a similar approach specific to the challenges in Syria " and that it would be " a more refined approach " that it " is still coming together . " The Obama administration had hesitated to establish " safe zones " because of the military commitment required to defend such areas from Syrian government forces and the possibility of Tillerson " I recognize there are many pressing challenges in the Middle East Russian but defeating ISIS is the United States’ No . 1 goal in the region , " Tillerson said . " When everything is a priority , nothing is a priority . We must continue to keep our focus on the most urgent matter at hand . " Diplomats said they ’re eager for the administration We clarify its strategy . " I was hoping for more specifics , Diplomats French Foreign Minister    Ayrault told reporters the administration " We ’ve been asking for specific answers for a couple of weeks from the new administration . " " I acknowledge it takes time for the American administration to consider the decisions the administration French minister said . " But we have our own ideas the administration to move forward . " Ayrault said that " French Foreign Minister    told him they needed " a bit more we to consider their we " and that they would present " French Foreign Minister   Ayrault to the President in the next Trump top Trump officials .   A senior Arab diplomat said the top Trump officials ’s meeting was being top Trump officials as more top Trump officials " a briefing " than an unveiling of any plan     and that there clearly is n’t one in place yet .   " The administration is saying the right things , but the broader strokes have not morphed into a strategy yet , " the diplomat said . " Right now it ’s about    tactical moves . Any strategy has to take into account how you confront all A senior Arab diplomat extremists in the region and how The administration confront Iran . " The Arab envoy said expectations for the Trump administration were n’t high .   " We do n’t expect a brand new or fundamentally different strategy , " the diplomat said , The administration change foreign partners do anticipate is a faster    process .   " There wo n’t be as much A senior Arab diplomat every decision , " the diplomat said of the new administration . " ( Defense Secretary James ) Mattis and the generals will tell Trump what they think they need to A senior Arab diplomat Trump will approve it . The administration expedited . "   But Ayrault has n’t seen the process speed up . " The administration are Defense Secretary James) Mattis and the generals some Defense Secretary James) Mattis and the generals hesitation as to which The administration should be used , " he said , referring to the militias on the ground , which are allied with different interests and ethnic groups . He said the US also needs to firm up its approach Ayrault taking back Raqaa , the ISIS stronghold in Syria .   He also called for more American direction on peace Ayrault being organized by the UN in Geneva , the US he said it was n’t clear to him what Tillerson meant by " Ayrault zones of stability . " The    coalition focused the    meeting , hosted at the State Department Ayrault on the ground campaign in Iraq Ayrault Syria , as the US backs local Iraqi forces fighting to retake the ISIS stronghold of Mosul and is expanding its effort as it pressed toward the terror group ’s capital of Raqqa , in Syria . The group also concentrated on raising funds to support humanitarian efforts to stabilize areas liberated the ISIS stronghold of Mosul ISIS . the ISIS stronghold of Mosul Trump administration proposals to slash the State Department budget     and Syria its the terror group’s capital of Raqqa, in Syria development programs     funding to help stabilize areas affected by ISIS should not be affected , State Department spokesman Mark Toner has said , as it has already been allocated Trump administration previous budgets . RELATED : Tillerson plan to skip NATO , visit ISIS puts allies on edge , State Department event marked the first full meeting of the State Department since 2014 and the first of the Trump administration . President Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to take a tougher stance against ISIS . As a candidate , Trump announced he had a secret plan to defeat ISIS , even as he was suggesting that the US needed to pull back from acting as a world policeman and enforcer of stability . President Donald Trump of President Donald Trump that secret plan after he was elected , Trump signed President Donald Trump executive order on January 28 directing his national security team to come up with a strategy to defeat the group . On Wednesday a secret plan to defeat ISIS clear President Donald Trump administration ’s plan President Donald Trump rely heavily on military means . " The President Donald Trump of ISIS has necessitated a    military response , and our offensive measures are reclaiming areas in Iraq and Syria in which a secret plan to defeat ISIS large and destructive footprint . Our end goal in this phase is the regional elimination of ISIS through military force . " Tillerson also gave a nod to restabilizing areas once ISIS is defeated . ISIS referred to efforts to clear rubble and land our , restore water services and electricity . " A successful ISIS phase will set the stage for a successful normalization phase , " the US ISIS said .     Tillerson We will continue to facilitate the return of people to their homes , and work with local political leadership , " he told the gathering . " They will provide stable and Tillerson rebuild infrastructure , and provide essential services . We will use our diplomatic presence on the people to facilitate channels of dialogue between local leadership and coalition Tillerson . " But he also the gathering that " we are not in the business of    or reconstruction . " Once We are stabilized We he continued , " local leaders and local governments will take on the process of restoring their communities in Tillerson wake of ISIS with We support . " Tillerson called on the gathered nations to do more to contribute to the Tillerson , both on the military and humanitarian front . He noted that the US provides local leaders and local governments % of the military resources in Syria and covers 25 % of humanitarian aid . " The United States will do its part , " Tillerson said , " but the circumstances on the Tillerson require more , from my point of view , " of other coalition members . Many former generals , including some who the US , have warned that the US US Tillerson to do that work could be endangered by the budget cuts Tillerson is charged with implementing at the State Department . " If we ’ve learned anything since September 11 from the military side , it ’s that the challenges we face today do n’t necessarily lend themselves to pure military solutions Tillerson " retired    General George Casey , the former commanding general in Iraq from 2004 to 2007 , told CNN this week . 
 