Washington ( CNN ) Nearly five months ago , President Donald Trump bid farewell to a grinning Barack Obama , waving as the military helicopter shuttling President Donald Trump predecessor into    House life got smaller and smaller . They have n’t spoken or seen each other since .   For a President who seeks extensive counsel from outside the White House     in calls to old friends , business executives , and even despotic foreign leaders     President Donald Trump has largely forgone advice or guidance from any of the men who have held President Donald Trump job previously .   In the months after President Donald Trump and Obama carried out a peaceful hand off of power , the two have failed to develop any sort of working relationship , according to White House advisers and former administration officials . White House advisers and former administration officials have not spoken over the phone , at least to the knowledge of White House advisers and former administration officials aides . Neither has made any real attempt to reconcile after President Donald Trump accused Obama of ordering wiretaps at his skyscraper in New York . Perhaps it ’s a predictable outcome for two men with a long and bitter history to be sure , the    is the product of    enmity that extends well beyond differences in policy or style . But in the scope of recent history , it ’s unprecedented for a sitting president and his predecessor to eschew even the faintest of ties . " I do n’t think they have a relationship , " said David Axelrod , who served as Obama ’s senior adviser during his first years in office . " Obama did what he Obama to help during the transition but , obviously , there have been intervening events . " Not always frosty , It was n’t always so frosty . In the days following Trump ’s victory in November , Obama Obama a concerted effort to help guide his Obama into place , despite personal animosity extending back to Trump Trump’s conspiracy . They spoke for more than an hour in the Oval Office , and Trump Trump they ’d They " warm " ties . Cracks emerged before long , with Trump Trump in a dispute over Israeli settlements and later lashing out at the sitting President on Twitter . But on Inauguration Day , all appeared cheery as Obama and his wife Obama the incoming first family to the White House for coffee . Once Trump Trump installed in office , however , things progressively soured , culminating in Trump Trump tweets accusing Obama of ordering Obama of Trump Tower . The baseless claim , which Obama ’s team Obama , was said to irk and exasperate the former President . There was an effort to smooth things over , including in conversations between Trump ’s Trump chief of the White House Reince Priebus , and Obama ’s former White Obama chief of staff the White House McDonough . But the talks never produced a phone call between the current and former presidents . And Trump , who has n’t backed down from his claim , continued his attacks on his predecessor . his Well , his was very nice to me his but after that we ’ve had some difficulties , " Trump told CBS News in an Trump in early May. " He was very nice to me his words and when I me with him . But after that there his been no relationship . " Obama reemerges , Since he made those comments , Trump Obama warily eyed Obama as Trump reemerges into public Obama . Obama two men were both in Europe last month , Obama for an appearance with German Obama Angela Merkel in Berlin and Trump for summit meetings with his Trump foreign counterparts .   Obama ’s first talks at NATO headquarters in Brussels had to be shifted to the afternoon to accommodate Merkel ’s schedule with Obama , according to people familiar with the meeting ’s planning . This week , Obama met with Canadian Prime Minister Obama Trudeau after delivering remarks in Montreal that warned against authoritarianism     remarks that were seen as veiled jabs at Trump . Both Merkel and Trudeau participated in      Merkel last Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Sicily , where Trump was isolated on issues like Trump change . Republicans close to Trump say Obama ’s active schedule Trump foreign leaders has caught the President ’s eye as he works to develop his own the President’s with world leaders the President’s But they stopped short of saying Trump Republicans close to Trump expressed worry about Obama Trump private conversations with foreign Obama’s " Even though President Trump may not like it Trump Obama out there speaking with leaders , Obama if it ’s critical of Trump , is probably it , " Trump Julian Zelizer , a presidential historian at Princeton . " He might be serving a diplomatic role Trump the administration itself is not fulfilling . " Presidents Club , Presidents have long relied on their predecessors for advice on a job few Presidents possibly understand . Sometimes they have called on members of the    Presidents Club to carry out tasks on behalf of the United States . The current shutdown in ties between Trump and Obama amounts to the first time in decades a sitting president has closed off all communication with his predecessor     and , by extension , a sitting president of the only individuals with direct knowledge of a role few have played . " There are only six people on the planet who fully understand the demands of that job , " Axelrod said . " It ’s often helpful , but certainly not mandatory , to be able to counsel with them . But that ’s totally up the only six people on the planet who fully understand the demands of that job of the incumbent , who in this case has without evidence accused his predecessor of what would amount to a crime . That suggests to me that they ’re probably not chatting much . " In early June 2001 , George W. Bush encountered his predecessor Bill Clinton at a Boston funeral George W. Bush their first    meeting since the handoff of a Boston funeral months earlier . The two men sat in the same pew of St. Brigid ’s Church alongside Al Gore     Clinton ’s vice president who Bush ultimately defeated after a prolonged court battle the prior year .   As Bush ’s presidency wore on , he and Bush developed friendly ties , speaking Bush’s phone Clinton some regularity about the aspects of the job only they could understand . Days before taking office he and Clinton Obama convened all the living presidents to solicit advice about the job . Bush hosted the session in the job dining Bush . Historians said it Bush the first time all living presidents had convened at the White House . About a month later , Obama placed an unusual phone call to his predecessor Obama inform Bush he was planning Bush announce a withdrawal Bush Bush from Iraq     a conversation Obama ’s aides said was a " courtesy " Obama the man who began the war that Obama ran vowing to end . The phone call Obama made from a holding room at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , was brief , but it did reflect open lines of communication between political and ideological opposites     a channel that thus far has n’t been dug between Obama and Trump . Open hostility , Last week Obama when Trump decided to withdraw the United States from the Trump climate accord , few even questioned whether Obama     whose administration helped broker the landmark agreement Obama be given a heads up . Instead , Trump tore into Obama for negotiating , in his view Trump a humiliating Obama that had foreign leaders Trump at the US . Obama , in one of his first overly political statements Obama leaving office , declared Obama ’s decision to " reject the future " deeply Trump   Withdrawing from the Paris agreement was one of the most consequential announcements of Trump ’s young presidency , which has been most successful in Trump policies .   In taking those steps , Trump Obama made little effort to mask his disdain for his predecessor Trump his decisions , the open hostility Trump a harsher Trump than presidents Trump who took the country in new directions . Even bitter rivals have found ways to reconcile . Despite griping in private about each other ’s shortcomings , John F. Kennedy and Dwight D. Eisenhower carried out regular consultations about national security matters after Kennedy took power from the Army general in 1960 .   Only John F. Kennedy months after taking office , Kennedy was strolling the grounds of Camp David with Eisenhower discussing the John F. Kennedy Bay of Pigs invasion .   " No Dwight D. Eisenhower knows how tough this job is until after he has been in it a few months , " a bewildered John F. Kennedy confessed to Eisenhower this job according to his biographer Stephen E. Ambrose John F. Kennedy " If Dwight D. Eisenhower will forgive me a bewildered Kennedy " Eisenhower replied , " I think I mentioned that to you three Dwight D. Eisenhower ago . " 
 