’’ ’Mark Cuban questioned Donald Trump’ ’s wealth during an interview on WABC’ ’s " The Bernie and Sid Show , " .’ " The brash business mogul and owner of the NBA ’s Dallas Mavericks said that Trump ’s lack of transparency makes it particularly difficult to determine what the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is really worth . " ’He also ripped Trump for being willing to put ’He name on " nonsense "   a    brand that was sold through The Sharper Image consumer catalog.’ ’"I know what I’’m good at , and I know what I’’m not good at , " Cuban said . " I’’m I’’m so sure Donald knows what he’ ’s not good at . " ’ " He Donald that Trump was good at putting his Trump on properties and licensing his Trump on hotels , although he Trump that Trump Trump lack of transparency makes it difficult to tell how much he Trump been able to profit from those deals . " ’"He’ ’s good at that , " Cuban said . " Whether or not that’ ’s made him Trump billionaire , I don’’t know . " ’ " Cuban Cuban said that he Trump over Trump Trump FEC filings   —    the ones Trump ’s Trump . " ’But the star of ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank " said that he saw a Trump story reading through the report.’ ’He said:’ ’"I asked , ’’ What the hell are you doing ? Are you that desperate for money ? ’’ Seriously , " Cuban said.’ ’After reading Trump’ ’s FEC filing , Cuban said that Cuban it’ ’s not even close " as to who has more in liquid assets between the two.’ ’"I do , " he said.’ ’He continued:’ ’Cuban told Business Insider in a Wednesday email that " liquidity is a good proxy for relative net worth . " ’ ’"You can’’t lie about cash , stocks , and bond values , " he said.’ ’ in recent weeks . He generated additional ’ ’"You can’’t after Hillary Clinton expressed openness to him serving as ’ ’"You can’’t running mate Hillary Clinton a " Meet the Press " episode , during which Cuban also said that he’’d be intrigued by the possibility.’ " The mogul has since said that Clinton ’s team Hillary Clinton out to his team about ’ ’"You can’’t Clinton’s team meeting , although it was n’t clear if it was to talk about the possibility of serving as a running mate . " " Mark Cuban questioned Donald Cuban wealth . .. " 
 