Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have had a series of heated exchanges in the last several weeks after Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe , a source close to Sessions told CNN Tuesday .    A senior administration official said that at one point , Sessions expressed himself would be willing to resign if Trump no longer wanted himself there .   The frustration comes at a critical juncture for Trump . Former FBI Director James Comey is set to testify Thursday about Former FBI Director James Comey private discussions with Trump and the Russia investigation has lapped into the White House , with questions about the President ’s     and adviser , Jared Kushner .   Tuesday afternoon , the White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined to say whether Trump and the Russia has confidence in Sessions . " I have not had a discussion with him White House press secretary Sean Spicer that , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer .   As of 9 p. m. ET Tuesday , the the White House was unable to say whether or not the President backs his attorney general the President a White House official the White House The official said they a White House official avoid the White House repeat of what happened when Kellyanne Conway said Trump had confidence in Flynn only to find out hours later that the national security adviser had been pushed out . Sessions remains at the Justice Department , where a spokeswoman told CNN that he is not stepping down . ABC News first reported Tuesday that Sessions offered to resign .   Brewing since Sessions’ recusal   Sessions recused himself from the Sessions probe Brewing since Sessions’ recusal   March , shorty after The Washington Post reported on undisclosed meetings between him and the Russian ambassador Brewing since Sessions’ recusal   the US , Sergey Kislyak .   In the three months since Sessions stepped aside , the Sessions of the probe has grown exponentially the Russia probe in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ’s decision to appoint Robert Mueller as special counsel .   The frustration between Trump and Sessions has gone both ways Sessions with Justice Department officials upset that the President ’s tweets and comments caused problems for Sessions and Rosenstein in the wake of the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein firing .   CNN has previously reported that Trump was frustrated with Sessions’ decision Trump and Sessions recuse himself . Sessions was Trump ’s Trump and Sessions supporter in the Trump and Sessions was an enthusiastic backer throughout the campaign     standing with Trump through multiple controversies . And Sessions’ Trump and Sessions team has become a part of Trump ’s inner circle : former Sessions Trump and Sessions staff Rick Dearborn is now Trump ’s deputy chief of staff , and Trump and Sessions spokesman Stephen Miller has evolved into a highly influential figure as Trump ’s policy director and speechwriter .   After Trump and Sessions , Sessions was rewarded with one of the most prominent positions in Trump ’s new administration , atop the Justice Department . Trump and Sessions pressure has been mounting on Trump over his campaign ’s communications with Russians . Trump told Trump and Sessions News Trump and Sessions he fired Comey in part because Trump and Sessions the Russia probe and Trump and Sessions , in a memo about a private talk , said Trump pressured him to drop his investigation of former national security Trump and Sessions Michael Trump and Sessions . 
 Trump and Sessions 