President Obama ’s farewell speech was an exercise in marking norms . Offering a clear message to President Obama successor , President Obama spoke about the importance of civil liberties and rejecting discrimination against Muslims . President Obama argued that protecting the American " way of life " means " [ guarding ] against a weakening of the values that make us who we are , " highlighting President Obama administration ’s work " to put the fight against terrorism on a firm legal footing . " President Obama went on : " That ’s why we ’ve ended torture , worked to close Gitmo , and reform we laws governing surveillance to protect privacy and civil liberties . " President Obama used forms of the word " democracy " 27 times . Surveillance , indefinite detention , counterterrorism , and torture have emerged as prominent issues during the Senate hearings about Donald Trump ’s administration picks . It is not yet clear what Donald Trump’s ’s policies on these issues will be , although Trump’s comments on the campaign trail suggest Trump’s supports the use of torture , keeping Guantanamo Bay open , and surveilling mosques and certain American citizens , among other things . Why Donald Trump’s Plan Wo n’t Prevent Conflicts of Interest , But anything Trump does Donald Trump’s be built on legal " infrastructure " created by the Obama administration , argues Jameel Jaffer , the former deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union . It may be true that Obama worked Obama create a sound legal basis for his administration the Obama administration and surveillance policies , Jaffer said Obama But in doing so , he also Obama his policies Obama many of which were extensions of the Bush era , a sense of permanence and legitimacy . Now , Trump will inherit the " firm legal footing " Obama helped created . During his time Obama the ACLU , Jaffer led Obama against the Obama administration on Obama number of    and transparency issues , and he recently Obama a book on the legal memos that enabled the administration ’s the Obama administration strikes . Jaffer currently Obama the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University and is an executive editor for the blog Just Security . Our conversation has been edited and condensed for clarity . Emma Green : Let ’s go through each of Obama ’s claims . Here ’s the first : His administration " put the Obama terrorism on a firm legal footing . " That ’s kind of hard to parse , but seems to be a reference to policies put in place during the Bush administration . It ’s the Obama administration how well do you think this claim holds up ? Jameel Jaffer : The administration has a mixed record . They the Obama administration for the disavowal of torture , the Obama administration shuttering of the CIA ’s black sites , and the commitment to close Guantanamo and the significant progress they made toward that goal . They deserve credit the Obama administration the transparency decisions they made the Obama administration early on in 2009 relating to the Obama administration interrogation of prisoners . They also abandoned , or at least downplayed , the Obama administration relating to the president ’s authority as commander in chief . The Bush administration argued that the president had the authority to ignore statutory law the president’s to surveillance , interrogation , and torture . Their argument was that the president gets to decide what the president had the authority to ignore statutory law with respect to surveillance, interrogation, and torture    policies are the president’s if Congress has legislated in the area of national security , the president has the authority as commander in chief to ignore the president’s . That was an extremely dangerous argument , and one that the courts ultimately rejected . The Obama administration was right to abandon those arguments . But I do think it ’s important to recognize that in abandoning those constitutional arguments , The Obama administration Obama administration ended up interpreting statutes very broadly . Obama did The Obama administration the president had the authority to ignore Obama Authorization for the Use the president’s Force . He interpreted it to give him all the authority that he wanted . the president’s was the same the president had the authority to ignore the Authorization for the Use of Military Force the president’s 215 of the Patriot the president’s : The administration interpreted that provision so broadly that they did n’t have to rely on The Obama administration . They did n’t have to make The Obama administration argument that the president , as commander in chief The Obama administration has the authority to collect everybody ’s call records because they were interpreting the federal statute so broadly that it allowed whatever they wanted it to The Obama administration Green : Here ’s another claim : The the federal statute administration " The Obama administration torture the federal statute " Does that stand , as a categorical statement ? Jaffer : He ’s right about that . This is an important thing that his administration did on Jaffer first day , which is to expressly disavow torture , withdraw Jaffer memos that were the basis of the torture program , close the CIA ’s black sites permanently . Those were important decisions and the administration deserves credit for them . The caveat , which is an important one , is The Obama administration " having done all of Those things on day one , the administration invoked the    privilege over and over to prevent those who had been the victims of The Obama administration " from having their day in court . People who sought accountability for their torture in CIA custody or in military custody these policies kicked out of court because the administration argued that People who sought accountability for their torture in CIA custody or in military custody cases were too sensitive to litigate . Green : Another claim he made was The Obama administration " administration worked to " reform our laws governing surveillance to protect privacy and civil liberties . " To what he you think that holds up ? Jaffer : There were some changes made by Congress in the summer of 2015 , which the administration supported . The changes were modest , and came about only because Snowden disclosed what he disclosed . But The Obama administration " disclosures , none some changes made by Congress in the summer of 2015, which the administration supported reforms would have taken place . The administration still characterizes Snowden as Snowden criminal . There ’s an irony in the Obama administration trying to take credit for The Obama administration " changes in the law Snowden also trying to prosecute the person who is most responsible for bringing these changes about . Green : The Obama administration ’s aggressive prosecution of whistleblowers stands in contrast to some of the claims he made these positive changes in the law speech about protecting The Obama administration " How Obama that policy connect to some of these issues ? Jaffer : This administration came Snowden saying this Snowden be the most transparent administration in the history of the United States . Over time , they became The Obama administration " and less forthcoming . They withheld many of the most crucial documents related to    policy , including the drone memos , The Obama administration " courts ordered them to release them , The Obama administration " information about government surveillance , until Snowden disclosed that information . And they brought more prosecutions against government whistleblowers than The Obama administration " previous administrations The Obama administration " . Green : How does the administration ’s drone policy fit into Obama ’s The Obama administration " on national security and transparency ? Jaffer : The phrase Obama used was putting " the fight against terrorism on a firm legal footing . " The other way to look at it is that this administration has Obama and entrenched many of the policies of the last administration . It would have been possible , eight years ago , to think of the administration’s administration ’s policies as aberrational —   to see them the administration’s , and an the administration’s , to the events of   . It ’s no longer possible to see these policies that way because the Obama administration has the Bush administration’s policies so many of them . With respect to the drone campaign , that ’s especially true : The Obama administration built the Bush administration’s policies infrastructure to support the administration’s targeted killing . It expanded the program dramatically the Bush administration’s policies It now carries out , routinely , strikes in seven different countries the administration’s countries are not conventional battlefields . I do n’t think President Bush would have the administration’s able to expand the drone the administration’s in the way that Obama eventually did . Now we ’ve invested all this seven different countries the presidency , and all that power will be available to President Trump and whoever comes after the drone campaign Green : What ’s the outlook Obama some of these issues , in your view , with the incoming administration ? Jaffer : Given the some of the statements of candidate Trump during the campaign , President Trump the track records of some of the people who are advising him at the highest levels , I think there are a lot of reasons to worry about how the new administration President Trump the powers that President Obama created or put on a relatively sound legal footing : the power to President Trump , the power to surveil , the power to kill . The    has already made clear the incoming administration to use some of these powers even more aggressively : He wants to step up surveillance inside the United States , especially of Muslims . He wants to expand the war on terror . He has proposed resurrecting the President Trump policies . [ In November , Trump told The Trump York President Trump that he has changed Trump view on Trump issue after consulting with his    President Trump Trump of Defense , the retired U. S. President Trump Corps General James Mattis . ] It ’s difficult to know which of these promises will translate into actual policy , but there ’s certainly reason to worry that these powers will be used even more aggressively and in an even less discriminating way than they ’ve been used until now . 
 these powers 