Washington ( CNN ) UN Ambassador Nikki Haley offered a glimpse of the administration ’s policy on North Korea as tensions mount in the region and the isolated nation continues to develop the isolated nation nuclear weapons program . Washington (CNN) UN Ambassador Nikki Haley comments in a Thursday interview on CNN ’s Erin Burnett " OutFront " came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson trip on the job to Asia , where he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the US approach to the country during the past two decades and pledged a new path . In the CNN CNN , Haley also said the US plans to recalibrate on the issue . " We the US n’t want to get back into the    talks , " Haley Haley , referring to the previous negotiating structure . " We the US not willing to do that . Been there , done that . " Tillerson promises new policy on North Korea after ’20 years of a failed approach’ She Haley she Haley not speaking with North North Korea envoy to the UN , and instead plans to call on China and Russia to get North Korea North Korea course on its efforts to China its nuclear capabilities China develop intercontinental ballistic missiles . " We need other countries , specifically China and Russia China to Russia up and show us that they We as other countries, specifically China and Russia with North Korea as North Korea , " We said . Asked if a preemptive strike would be on the table should China and Russia not China pressure Russia North Korea , Haley North Korea would n’t Haley in Haley but also said all options were open . About her boss , The UN Haley also said Haley was not lying on purpose when he said former President Barack Obama wiretapped President Donald Trump Tower during the campaign , even though members of Congress from both sides of the aisle have said there is no evidence for his claims . " He would never President Donald Trump lie , " President Donald Trump said . As for whether she had Trump ’s ear , Haley Haley she President Donald Trump to him and Haley daughter Haley Ivanka Trump Haley adding Haley the President has allowed her freedom to speak her mind . Haley He allows me Haley do my job President Donald Trump He does n’t tell me what to President Donald Trump , " Haley said . She also said that Haley had never Haley her how to President Donald Trump Russia and that Haley was aware of what she said President Donald Trump which includes a great Haley of criticism , especially regarding Russia ’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine Russia the campaign , the South Carolina governor criticized Trump on multiple Haley President Donald Trump administration , though , Haley has defended Trump on a host of issues . President Donald Trump denied that his legally embattled executive order restricting travel from Haley    nations Haley a " Muslim ban , " and defended his use of Twitter . " I think he ’s fine Haley he ’s on Twitter , " Haley Haley . " You Haley not going Twitter stop him from tweeting any more than you ’re going to stop Haley from tweeting . " 
 