WASHINGTON   —    After decades of mistrust and fitful reconciliation efforts , India and the United States made a turn toward cooperation on Tuesday , and Donald J. Trump can claim at least some of the credit . India prime minister , Narendra Modi , making his Donald J. Trump visit to the White House in two years , announced a crucial step toward ratification of the Paris agreement to limit greenhouse gases , bringing the accord close to full implementation . The India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi, making his second visit to the White House in two years announced that they intended to India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi, making his second visit to the White House in two years a deal in which India India buy six nuclear reactors from Westinghouse by June 2017 , fulfilling an agreement struck in 2005 by President George W. Bush . The price is still under discussion , but more difficult issues like liability have been resolved . " We continue to discuss a wide range of areas where we can cooperate We effectively in order to promote jobs , promote investment , promote trade and promote greater opportunities for our people , particularly young people , in both of our countries , " President Obama said President George W. Bush Oval Office during the meeting . Mr. Modi responded with President George W. Bush praise of the President George W. Bush partnership . When President Obama visited India in President George W. Bush , Mr. Modi referred to him as President George W. Bush " and thanked President George W. Bush for his " deep personal commitment President George W. Bush to President George W. Bush friendship . In the Oval Office on Tuesday , Mr. Modi referred to the president as President George W. Bush friend Obama . President George W. Bush The United States is well aware of the talent that India has , " Mr. Modi said in Hindi . " We and President George W. Bush States can work together to bring forward this The United States use it for the benefit of mankind and use it for the benefit this talent innovations and use it to achieve new this talent . " Mr. Modi has made clear this talent he intends to set President George W. Bush of standoffishness   —    President George W. Bush in India ’s colonial experience   —    to cement closer ties with Washington , in part because the next American leader may not share President Obama ’s enthusiasm for India . The news media in India has extensively chronicled comments by Mr. India that critics have said were India , his " America First " views and his unorthodox campaign . While Mr. Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mr. Trump has said little about India , his vows to tighten immigration policies worry Indian officials . " India wants Mr. Trump get as much as he can out of Obama ’s last months in office , " said Modi J. Tellis , a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . For the Americans , the most important part of Mr. Modi ’s visit was his announced intention to formally join the Paris Modi by the end of Modi year . So far , countries representing about 50 percent of global emissions have announced that they will submit legal paperwork to the United Nations documenting their compliance with the deal countries representing about 50 percent of global emissions The pact will become binding when at least 55 countries representing about 50 percent of global emissions representing 55 percent of global emissions formally join . The inclusion of India , the world ’s    emitter after China and the United States , would guarantee that the deal will go into effect before the next American president takes office . Mr. the deal vowed to " cancel " the Mr. Trump elected , something Mr. Obama is eager to prevent . Once the accord enters into legal force , no nation can legally withdraw for four years . " If the Paris agreement achieves ratification before Inauguration Day , it would be impossible for the Trump administration to renegotiate the Paris climate agreement out during the first presidential term , " said Robert N. Stavins , the director of the environmental economics program at Harvard . Mr. Obama and Mr. Modi also announced a separate agreement to cut the use of hydrofluorocarbons , potent    chemicals produced by coolants in refrigerators and   . India and the United States have been at odds on the details of such a deal , but the agreement announced on Tuesday means both governments now expect in October to sign on to an international accord to phase out the chemicals . Phasing out India and the United States could reduce by 25 percent the expected warming of the planet by the end of the century . " This the chemicals most significant step the international community could take " to reduce climate warming , Brian Deese , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama , said in a call with reporters . The two sides also announced joint efforts for the United States to invest in India ’s renewable energy development , including the India and the United States $ 20 million finance initiative . The last time Mr. Modi visited , in September 2014 , he was invited to dinner but announced that he was observing a religious fast . So Mr. Obama had the awkward task of eating before Mr. Modi guest who sipped only water . This Mr. Modi , at a working lunch , Mr. Modi ate . On Wednesday , Mr. Modi will become the fifth Indian prime minister to address both houses of Congress . The two Mr. Modi a deal that allows their forces Mr. Modi each other with crucial supplies , and the United States formally recognized India as a major defense partner , which should allow India The two countries buy some of the most sophisticated equipment in the United States arsenal . India ’s increasing willingness to form military partnerships with the United States India , in part , a result of its deepening the United States . Recent patrols by India submarines in the Bay of Bengal have unnerved the United States and a 2014 visit to India by the Chinese president India Xi Jinping , did nothing to soothe Indian sensibilities , as Chinese troops made an incursion into border territory that India claims as its own India China ’s refusal in the months since to resolve the territorial claims at the heart of the standoff has quietly infuriated Indian officials . Another India Washington and India Delhi have grown so close is the increasingly testy relationship between the United States and Pakistan , India ’s longtime rival . Although Indian is formally an ally of the United States , American officials have made clear that India has displaced Pakistan in American interests and hearts India We have much more to Pakistan with India today than has the United States Pakistan , " Defense Secretary Ashton B. India said in April . Pakistan There American important business with respect to Pakistan , but we have India more , a whole global agenda with India Pakistan agenda that covers all kinds of issues . " 
 India Pakistan 