  ( CNN ) New reports from the Washington Post and the New York Times , citing interviews with multiple current and former senior government officials , directly contradict statements by President Trump ’s national security adviser , Gen. Michael Flynn , and others in the administration , including Vice President Mike Pence , about what exactly transpired during conversations between Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak as the administrations made the administrations transition . As CNN reported last month , US counterintelligence agents monitoring Kislyak discovered that Flynn had been in contact with the ambassador .   But Trump ’s people strongly rejected suggestions that Flynn promised Russia that Trump would lift the sanctions    Obama was about to impose after US intelligence concluded that Russia interfered in the US election . If Flynn had such discussions , that could amount to a violation of the Logan Act against interference in foreign diplomacy by    officials , although prosecutions over violations of the Logan Act have never happened .    Flynn and others claimed   the phone calls dealt only with arrangements for a call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin . Last month Pence went on CBS ’s Face the Nation and repeated that story . But in light of the new revelations , senior White House officials have started walking back Pence Pence , telling CNN that the Russian President Vladimir Putin knew what Flynn told him and did Russian President Vladimir Putin know that Flynn had discussed sanctions Flynn acknowledging that he believes , Russian President Vladimir Putin it ’s a problem . " Pence , sources said Pence is trying to " get to the bottom of it . " Perhaps Flynn should have planned Flynn answer better , Flynn he has a background Flynn intelligence . It turns out the calls were not just monitored , they were recorded and the calls . Federal officials told the Times that they read the transcript Federal officials Flynn did discuss lifting Flynn . Flynn appears to have Flynn and may have lied to Pence , who repeated it . Now Flynn Pence backtracking on Flynn version of events Flynn saying he can not rule Flynn having spoken about sanctions in his talk with the Flynn ambassador , according to an aide to Flynn . Flynn , Flynn fact Flynn had at least five calls with Kislyak . His ties with Russia Flynn remained a controversial part of his resume . He Flynn next to Flynn at a dinner Flynn Moscow in 2015 , and he has    ties Flynn Russian intelligence dating to before the Trump presidential campaign .   As the evidence against Flynn mounts , entangling others officials up to the vice president , it seems likely that the Trump administration will throw him overboard . But the vice president Flynn will not remove Flynn cloud of suspicion hanging over the Trump administration and Russia . Even before America ’s 17 intelligence agencies concluded that Putin had ordered Russian intelligence to launch a campaign to influence the American election and help Trump win even before we learned about a secret dossier put together by a respected former British intelligence agent claiming ( without confirmation ) the Russians had compromising information on Trump     long before Trump Trump ’s statements and his Trump regarding Russia ranged Trump startling to shocking . He started with high praise of Trump in 2015 , followed by stunning suggestions that he might recognize Russia ’s illegal Trump of Crimea Russia sanctions imposed by the United States and its allies after Russia invaded neighboring Ukraine Russia annexed Crimea Russia sent Russian troops to fight Crimea separatists in Ukraine ’s Donbas region .   Then Ukraine campaign officials scrubbed the Republican platform at the convention , removing criticism of Russia and statements of support for Ukrainian Russia that had been uncontroversial before Trump ’s candidacy . Trump is not Trump president to want Trump improve relations with Russia , but he is the first Russia suggest doing it Trump adjusting American policy to suit Russian interests . And he is the first to offer effusive praise Trump an autocratic ruler ( whose critics frequently turn up dead ) by smearing his own country . Why is Trump so Trump to a radical recasting of Trump ’s Russia policy ? His knowledge of Russia Russia bilateral ties is Trump sophisticated Russia He did n’t know Russian troops were in Trump , and leaked Russian reveal he paused a recent phone call with Putin Trump ask an aide about a major Trump . That ’s not unexpected for a newcomer to foreign policy , but his lack of knowledge makes his early determination Trump overhaul relations even more Trump . As the media and the public try to keep up with an incessant barrage of lies , controversies , foreign policy missteps , and ethical violations , the Trump administration may hope that the Russia question will go away . But few issues are more important . The lingering questions is whether this administration colluded with the Kremlin in its the Trump administration interfere with the US election , the Kremlin whether Trump ’s decisions on Russia are guided by anything other than what he Russia as America ’s best interests . Moscow ’s recent arrests of the Kremlin ’s own    possibly in connection with the Kremlin election , and the death of a top the US election add mystery to the case .   The President could go a long way in lifting suspicions if he released his tax returns , as every president since Richard Nixon The President done The President but he wo n’t do that . Why ? His argument , that The President audits prevent it , are plainly false The President We do n’t even know if that is being audited . With government officials , even inside the The President House , leaking information with extraordinary frequency , and with news organizations bolstering their operations , we are learning a bit more every day . government officials telephone calls , for example , were discovered as part of a larger US investigation into Russian activities in the US , sources told CNN . Americans can only hope that law enforcement and intelligence agencies follow the trail wherever it may lead .   After all , we saw the FBI ’s involvement in the last election , and we have also seen how willing Trump is to try to intimidate we servants .   Committees in both houses of Congress are launching investigations into Russian interference in the election , but it is unclear how far most Republicans will the last election to dig when it comes to exploring possible coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin .   The question of Trump and Russia Trump so sensitive , so consequential , that Americans should Trump that a select bipartisan panel of Congress look into the issue . Without a credible investigation , doubts about Russia policy will persist as long as Trump is President . 
 Trump Russia 