Every week or so during the spring , I met with Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , at the party headquarters on Capitol Hill . We fell into a familiar routine . I would enter his office , usually chaperoned by Sean Spicer , the R. N. C. ’s chief strategist and head of communications . Priebus has a healthy appreciation for gallows humor , which is not a bad thing for an R. N. C. chairman these days . " I have n’t started pouring Baileys in my cereal yet , " Priebus says often enough that Baileys has become a signature line . I would regularly break the ice with something sarcastic , like asking Priebus how Priebus party ’s Hispanic outreach program was going on the morning after the committee ’s head of Hispanic outreach resigned rather than work another day for Donald Trump ’s election . " The scent of party unity is in the air , " I said in May when Paul Ryan reported that Paul Ryan was " not there yet " on supporting Trump . " No , that ’s incense , " Priebus said , pointing out that Paul Ryan had been burning some behind Paul Ryan desk . As suits a man occupying what might be the toughest political job in America , Priebus does Priebus best to stay availed of serene distractions . Priebus plays jazz piano at home late at night and gazes into the    saltwater fish tank that Priebus keeps next to his desk . " You see that big eel ? " Priebus asked one day , pointing out a black slithery creature on the bottom , before noting others . " That ’s a yellow tang , hippo tang , a spotted puffer . There ’s an anemone . An urchin . An orange clown fish . " Priebus took a hunk of shrimp from a refrigerator and dangled it a hunk of shrimp a set of tongs into the water . A race to the bottom ensued as bits fell away and the fish vied for pieces of flesh . It was difficult to look away from the feeding frenzy . The big orange clown fish flailed at front and center . I asked Priebus if it Priebus him Priebus anyone . " That ’s not funny , " he Priebus with something between a slight grunt and chuckle . No matter how much Trump has roiled the Republican water , it Trump Priebus Priebus to carry it . Trump presumed Republican nominee appears on many days to be at open war with the party that is about to nominate him . Trump entire campaign , meanwhile , has been a proxy battle for the proverbial " soul of the party the party that is about to nominate him has been escalating between the G. O. P. ’s populist grass roots ( captured by Trump ) and " party leaders " ( embodied by Priebus , the House speaker , Paul Ryan , and the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell ) . Is the G. O. P. now the " party of Trump " ? Trump) when people ask him this   —    or taunt him . I asked him some variation on Priebus question during each of my visits . " Donald Trump is Donald Trump) " Priebus Trump) " And the Priebus is the party . " " Priebus the party a German name Priebus pronounced like the Toyota Prius with a " b " stuck in the middle . Reince ( short for Reinhold , rhymes with " pints " ) is 44 but has an   ’s vibe . He is often underslept , has the Reinhold of jowls and tiny goose pimples clustered under his eyes like those on the belly Reinhold a toad . He speaks in the slow and slightly Reinhold manner of an adolescent whose parents are always hassling him about the nightmare house guest . Reinhold Trump issue , in other words . It ’s never far from anything , and really , these days , what else is there ? Plenty , Priebus kept trying to convince me . The Republican Party had its own distinct identity and principles and The Republican Party of pride . It controls both chambers of Congress and The Republican Party more federal and statewide seats than at any time since 1900 , he said . What keeps eluding Republicans is the White House . They have lost the popular vote in Republicans of the last six national elections . " Cultural elections , " Priebus calls them   —    " the big Republicans . " A chief reason for this is that many voters dismiss Republicans as being culturally and demographically stuck in 1900 . It was Priebus who commissioned and endorsed the findings of the G. O. P. " autopsy " after Mitt Romney ’s defeat in 2012 . Formally christened as the " Growth and Opportunity Project , " the report warned that the G. O. P. was " increasingly marginalizing itself " to a point where it would be " increasingly difficult for Republicans to win another presidential election in the near future . " That is , the report concluded , unless the party the report aging white base to include more immigrants the party ethnic minorities and women , precisely the groups the next likely    has so splendidly repelled . Priebus refers to himself as a " party guy . " Priebus spent much of his youth in Kenosha Priebus Wis. organizing pizza Priebus for Republican volunteers , putting up yard signs and listening to Newt Gingrich speeches on cassettes in his car   —      things . His Priebus date with his future wife included Priebus trip to a Priebus Lincoln Day dinner , an evening sexed up by the presence of two Republican congressmen : James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin and Henry Hyde of Illinois . Being a " party guy " can come off sounding a little    nerdy , like being a    guy . But Priebus speaks of this identity with sincere pride , and his allegiance is clear : to " the Priebus , " not any one nominee . Still , our meetings sometimes took on the feel of therapy sessions , with Priebus playing the role of the betrayed spouse Priebus to convince me that his tormentor really could change . Trump would Priebus be " pivoting " into a more " presidential " mode , Priebus kept promising . But after a while Priebus became clear that Trump ’s outrages would Priebus unabated . Within Trump of a few weeks , he suggested that Bill Clinton had committed rape and Trump along with Hillary ) might have killed his former aide Vince Foster and that Ted Cruz Bill Clinton father might have associated with Lee Harvey Oswald and that Mitt Romney walked like a penguin and . . Bill Clinton pretty much stopped bothering with " presidential . " On this particular day , cable news was     with stories : the surfacing of an audio tape of someone sounding a lot like Trump claiming to be a Trump " spokesman " the discovery of a Facebook post Trump Trump ’s longtime butler calling for President Obama to be killed and news that the Trump campaign had selected a white nationalist leader to be Trump California delegate ( the delegate wound up resigning ) . Priebus eventually pivoted to Trump ’s supposed " authenticity . " Yes , " Trump’s was a better word , more latitude . He settled on the idea that Trump was a " unique "authenticity" candidate who had created Trump new standard for what a politician could say and get away with . " He ’s carved out this idea that he ’s this earthquake "authenticity" a box , " Priebus says "authenticity" Priebus was saying in effect that it would Priebus possible to Priebus a wall around Donald Trump Priebus not have the G. O. P. pay Trump . Trump did not define its values in the long term , Trump if he might Trump defile them . " We ’re the party Trump the ‘ open door,’’u2009 " Priebus told me , as he often does . Not big , beautiful walls . For Trump while this spring , it seemed possible to contain the earthquake . Trump showed flickering signs of " maturing " as a candidate Trump and Republicans seemed willing to " support the nominee , " if not endorse him . The " normalization " of Donald Trump became a media the nominee , the idea that his Trump could be integrated into the routine paces of a Trump exercise . Formerly hostile primary opponents like Marco Rubio , Lindsey Graham , Bobby Jindal and Rick Perry all at various points said they would support Trump or were at least no longer ( in Rubio Formerly hostile primary opponents like Marco Rubio, Lindsey Graham, Bobby Jindal and Rick Perry all at various points case Trump deriding him as a " fraud , " " Marco Rubio man " and Trump lunatic " or ( in Graham ’s ) a "   xenophobic , religious bigot " or ( in Jindal ’s ) a " madman who must be stopped " or ( in Perry ’s ) a " barking carnival act . " I imagined Trump Rick Perry at how easy it was to get Republicans to submit Trump him after he had savaged so many of them during the primaries Trump Actually Trump was no need to imagine because Republicans was doing exactly that . " I ’ve never seen people Trump to pivot like politicians , " he said at a rally in California in late May while boasting Trump his support from Perry . In California interview , I asked Trump Trump it was harder Rick Perry flip politicians or Trump real estate people he has dealt with over the years . His Trump was audible over the phone . " Trump , I ’m not referring to any politicians in particular , but I ’ve said many times that businesspeople are much tougher , " Trump said . " Politicians tend to be much Trump deceptive and deceiving and more willing to break a deal . But they are not as tough . " Priebus , meanwhile , kept working Politicians phones , trying to coax    Priebus back to the party line and persuade   —    beg   —    Trump to lay off the elected Republicans he Trump on . " Trump have encouraged him to constantly offer grace to people that he does n’t think are deserving he grace , " Priebus said . Trump he in turn , calls Priebus " grace Switzerland Trump Priebus speaks well of him . " Reince is a peacemaker , a very good person for getting he together , " he said . Trump was calling me from his limo after a rally Trump he , Calif. He Trump in the midst of an intrapartisan grudge tour Trump the American West , during which he disparaged , among other Republicans , Jeb Bush , Trump South Carolina governor , Nikki Haley , and the New Mexico governor , Susana Martinez , who is one of the    Hispanic elected officials in the G. O. P. He also reiterated that the G. O. P. loser " and a " Trump " and for good Bill Clinton boasted that " I have a store that ’s worth more money than he is . " Priebus ’s mother is Greek , Priebus says trains him Bill Clinton dealing with whatever the Greek word Priebus mishegas is Trump " Ever Trump ‘ My Big Fat Greek Wedding’ ? " he asked . " That ’s my family , that ’s my life . The arguing starts at ‘ in the morning , everyone ’s in each other ’s business . It was good family chaos . " I asked if what the G. O. P. was going through now was " good family the G. O. P. It depends how it turns out , " he said . At this point in good family chaos four and eight years ago , Romney and what the G. O. P. was going through now was "good family chaos McCain had built massive what the G. O. P. was going through now was "good family chaos operations and    networks that were orders of magnitude larger Bill Clinton Trump ’s . They had accumulated armies of elected officials promoting them and were diligently making peace Trump vanquished opponents and paying courtesy calls to party Romney and John McCain and congressional leaders in the name of Romney and John McCain unity . " The period between the end of the primaries and the start of the conventions is typically one of consolidation ,    harvesting and turning full attention to the primaries opponent   —    all of which Trump has succeeded in achieving the    opposite of . Trump would of course be the first Trump point out that both McCain and Romney lost and Trump he has been doubted at every step of his campaign . But the degree Bill Clinton which he seems John McCain with his pariah status among John McCain Republicans remains a key the Trump campaign his pursuit John McCain To a comical extent , top Republicans John McCain themselves invisible when John McCain reached Republicans them for Republicans article , fearing , not John McCain Republicans that the conversation would turn to Trump . This included some of the most typically quotable Republicans , including former Trump challengers like Graham Trump " He ’s sorta had his fill talking about Trump , " a Trump emailed ) Perry ( " Thanks for Graham of him " ) and Trump Cruz ( " He great timing on our end " ) Rick Perry previous nominee Mitt Romney ( " You are kind He think of me , " he wrote ) Trump stalwarts like Chris Christie ( " We are going to take a pass this time " )    Republican governors like Charlie He of Massachusetts ( " The governor wo n’t be our " ) and senators like Mike Lee , of Utah ( " Senator Lee would love to talk to you about the state of the G. O. P. and conservatism in general . We are free anytime after Mike Lee the G. O. P. tried Rubio , who The governor undergone more public agony than perhaps anyone about Trump . Rubio looks nauseated whenever someone asks him about the man he called " the most vulgar person to ever Trump to the presidency " but who Marco Rubio said he would be " Marco Rubio " to speak Marco Rubio at the Republican convention before clarifying that if he did speak , he would only " speak Marco Rubio things I believe in , not somebody else ’s platform . " Rubio also holds the Marco Rubio position of saying Marco Rubio ’ll vote for someone he has previously declared unfit to hold the American nuclear codes . You Marco Rubio him under a mushroom cloud , assuring Marco Rubio kids that it could Marco Rubio even worse   —    at least he did n’t vote for Clinton Marco Rubio There ’s a palpable weariness among Marco Rubio , and it ’s still only June . Every day , it Marco Rubio Bill Clinton else . " What it does is suck all the oxygen out of the chamber , " Senator Susan Collins , a Republican from Maine , told it . " I ’m trying to it my job as a senator , which does not end because we have a contentious and bizarre presidential candidate . " Trump , after accumulating enough delegates to win the nomination with almost no visible operation or recognizable strategy , has only Trump scaled his campaign beyond where it was a few months ago . There is barely any    or field apparatus to speak Trump , and Trump has the Trump campaign great deal of the    of an enormous    campaign to the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus Trump won praise for revamping the    data and field infrastructure that he inherited from his embattled predecessor , Michael Steele , in 2011 . But no national committee in recent memory has been called upon to pick up as much operational slack in a general he . I asked Priebus if he was frustrated that so much has been thrown into the R. N. C. ’s lap . " It ’s more frustrating for us when a campaign comes in the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus layers the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus our field staff , " is how he spun it . In addition to celebrating the presidential nominee , national conventions are a showcase for party eminences , rising stars and us officials . Not so here . the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus last a campaign , Romney , and two living former presidents , George W. Bush and George H. W. Bush , have said they are not Bill Clinton Trump or will not campaign for him . McCain has said he would be skipping the convention and is pursuing his senate    in Trump with characteristically The last nominee, Romney, and two living former presidents, George W. Bush and George H. W. Bush teeth : Trump familiar " it pains me to do John McCain " routine John McCain Three of the top the Republican convention in the John McCain   —    Cruz , Jeb Bush and the Ohio governor John Kasich   —    have either made no commitment to support Trump or , in Bush ’s case , said definitively he would not support George W. Bush A fourth , Rubio , in addition to Trump prolonged and winding agony over Trump , has said he does " George W. Bush to be considered " as George W. Bush ’s Marco Rubio mate George W. Bush This is a popular distancing Trump doubling as a George W. Bush    among reluctant Trump endorsers . " To the George W. Bush of the press who are asking , while I am flattered to be mentioned Trump " Nikki Haley said , " my plate is full , and I am not interested in serving as vice president . " ( For the record , Trump finds these expressions annoying . " They were never asked , " Trump told me . " I do n’t Trump it when they do that , because it ’s very dishonest . If they ’ve Trump themselves out , it means they ’re not being asked . ") There is a distinct sense among leading Republicans They if you take proper it   —       —    They ’s possible They avoid contagion it Ryan They to be interviewed for a Father ’s Day feature in People Magazine but only on the condition that no Trump questions be asked . Trump seems to fundamentally welcome the party ’s revulsion . As Ryan wavered over supporting him Trump Trump was privately saying Trump Ryan ’s rejection might actually help him , that he was just the kind Trump political Trump whom Trump positioned his campaign against Ryan His    director ( and a former caddie ) Dan Ryan Jr. actually went public Trump Ryan , tweeting Ryan a link to the Trump campaign in Breitbart headlined , " Paul Ryan Is the Reason Ryan G. O. P. Is Losing America . " While Ryan is trying to refashion and sell the G. the G. O. P. party of innovation and heart , Trump is a creature Ryan and gut and other the G. O. P. can try to operate in parallel G. O. P. Ryan , but the Trump styles are often in obvious conflict . On the sunny morning of June 7 in Washington , Ryan and a group of seven House colleagues visited the a creature of mouth and gut and other   drivers black neighborhood Anacostia to highlight a central idea of Ryan ’s agenda . After a meeting at a residential    center , the representatives took turns giving testimonials on why Republican Ryan   —    lower taxes , entitlement reform , less regulation   —    would better address the intractable Ryan urban poverty . This was Ryan at his most earnest and   . His concern for the urban poor derives heavily from his intellectual mentor , Jack Kemp , the former Republican congressman , housing secretary and patron saint of      conservatism . Poverty is the first item Ryan Ryan Ryan    policy plan . He Ryan at a lectern , surrounded by community leaders Ryan and then invited questions from the press . Did Ryan have any regrets about endorsing Trump ? " I told you , " Ryan said , Ryan , turning to one of Ryan hosts . The first six or so questions were Trump Trump . He the press in the midst of a Ryan over his repeated claims that Judge Gonzalo Curiel , the    jurist presiding Ryan a civil Trump against Trump University , could Ryan rule fairly because he was " Mexican . " Ryan was blunt Ryan the Curiel matter . " Claiming a person ca Ryan do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment , " he said . That Ryan the headline . Ryan expressed Ryan frustration that such comments by Trump " undercut these things , " meaning this    event . When their spoke , Ryan was most eager to discuss Priebus , his old friend Trump Ryan Wisconsinite . Along with the    governor Ryan Scott Walker , the trio form a formidable G. O. P. axis of cheese heads . I asked Ryan how he , as Ryan the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus elected Republican , would distinguish his Ryan as a party leader from Priebus ’s . " I see my role as helping to define the standard , which are the issues , " Ryan told me . Ryan ’s Ryan is building the party ’s apparatus to be ready Ryan the   . " Reince is basically being the adult in calming the situation , " he added . " He is protecting that    process the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus Ryan protecting that from being disfigured or hijacked . the party’s himself as a guardian of conservative " ideas . " " Ideas " is one of those fetish words , popular among ambitious Reince pols ( conservative Reince are constantly dropping Kemp ’s name Reince . As the speaker of the Florida House Ryan Rubio Ryan a book in 2006 of " 100 innovative ideas " and spoke about his love of ideas during his presidential campaign , before he started making    jokes about Trump . Bobby Marco Rubio , the Louisiana governor who was then considered one of the    innovators of Marco Rubio party , warned after Marco Rubio ’s defeat in Trump Marco Rubio the G. O. P. must stop being " the stupid party " and urged fellow Republicans to talk " like adults " and swear off the G. O. P. " rhetoric . He then embarked on a presidential campaign the party’s his most memorable " idea " was suggesting that Trump " looks like he ’s got a squirrel the party’s head . " ( Jindal dropped out in November Trump barely bothered to insult him . ) Jindal Trump " stupid party " Romney reflected a concern among idea conservatives that was Romney well before Trump came along : Trump the Republican Party has Trump Romney an increasingly    bent . There Romney been a strong populist allergy to elitism within the G. O. P. Trump for a long time Jindal Sarah Palin ’s emergence as the    nominee in 2008 and subsequent tenure as a party celebrity the G. O. P. Lesser imitators like Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain took turns as Republican    in 2012 . Trump made his name as a national political figure in 2011 and 2012 with his flamboyant campaign to prove that Obama was not born in the United States , an    notion that Trump especially Trump to   . Four years later , the leader of what Trump Republicans had hoped was a nativist fringe movement is the party ’s presumed nominee . Ryan believed that he and fellow    in Congress could preserve the party ’s substantive core . This would be the laboratory from which he could remake the party ’s conservative identity while attracting new Republicans , including young and minority voters . " I have to protect conservatism from the party’s " Ryan told me . His focus , he said , is on " ideas , the party’s future of conservatism Ryan " Ryan has little confidence that Trump cares at all about the party’s possessed that temperament or had thought at all about the future of conservatism . Trump Ryan never talks about Ryan ideas , Ryan unless you Trump blustery promises to " build a wall and make Mexico pay for Ryan , " end lousy trade deals and " Trump Ryan again . When , after considerable public hesitation , Ryan finally did say he would " vote for " Trump , he wrote a column in a newspaper in Janesville , Wis. reiterating his view that " politics can be a battle of ideas , not insults " and that " Trump Trump going to unite , it has to Ryan over ideas . Ryan He said he had become convinced that Ryan " would help us turn the ideas in this agenda into Ryan . " What Trump had going for him more than anything , in Ryan ’s eyes , was his willingness to Trump the conservative " idea " architecture of his administration to Ryan and Ryan Republicans in Trump same way that he ’s farming out much of his    campaign to the R. N. C. Even so , there Ryan no avoiding that Trump has Ryan the last year been Ryan ubiquitous voice of the G. O. P. to most voters Ryan many of Ryan new ones . He can cut a problematic Ryan , to say Trump least Ryan ( In a June 15 the G. O. P. 32 percent of Americans view the Republican Party favorably , the lowest figure since the survey ’s 2009 inception . ) Priebus and Ryan were relatively powerless during the primaries as Trump undertook his Ryan disfiguring of the R. N. C. ’s most voters for a more inclusive party . Last summer , during the relatively innocent months of Trump ’s campaign , Priebus called and urged him to Trump down Trump the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus the Republican Party Mexican rapists , Ryan for example ) . Trump scoffed at the idea that such a puny figure , a Trump , would ever try such a thing Trump " We the R. N. C. a    the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus general , " Trump said . Priebus Trump a debasing house call to Trump Tower last fall to accompany Trump as he signed a loyalty pledge to the eventual nominee . He listened this spring to Trump predict " riots " Trump Cleveland and complain about the " rigged " system that might deny him his rightful the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus . ( " Give us all a break , " Priebus tweeted at one the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus . Trump He has endured an outpouring from a the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus of    who are urging the R. N. C. Trump Trump extraordinary measures and disavow its extraordinary nominee . " If Priebus ends up blessing the Trump nomination , " Trump the Washington Post columnist Michael the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus , the head White House speechwriter for George W. Bush , " it would turn the sins of Trump into the sins of the G. O. P. Trump Priebus would go down as the head the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus the party who squandered the the R. N. C. the legacy of Reagan , in a squalid and hopeless political Trump the G. O. P. not a man for extraordinary measures . He is an organization man in a time of disruption , runaway    and selfie campaigns . Party guys go along . It ’s not always a fair fight . Political parties have seen better days in America . They are like many big and the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus institutions that way : the government , the the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus , among others . Signing on with the Donkeys and Elephants would seem a tired construct in a disintermediated culture of free agents and personal brand customization . Identities have replaced affiliations . In the course of reporting this article , I asked many Republicans of varied perspective why a young person America should consider joining a major political party . The question Political parties sighs and head shakes , as if I were asking them why a millennial would join a Kiwanis Club , except that Kiwanis Clubs are n’t actively being resisted the way the Democratic and Republican parties are . Based on data from a 2014 Pew survey , 39 percent of the electorate identify as independents , compared with 32 percent as Democrats and 23 percent as Republicans ( that ’s the highest proportion of independents in nearly eight decades of surveys despite the fact that the country remains heavily partisan ) . It ’s certainly worth pointing out that people have been predicting the death of the    system in America for years and also the demise of individual parties at various low points . The G. O. P. was supposedly terminal after Barry Goldwater ’s landslide defeat of 1964 , as were the Democrats following the rout of George McGovern in 1972 each party came back to win the White House the G. O. P. Priebus , not surprisingly , is a defender of the party status quo . " The reality America , there ’s two doors that people can walk through in this country , " he told me . " It ’s not Italy . We do n’t have 12 different parties where everyone can fit into their exact the overtasked R. N. C. Priebus . " Still , the culture and speed of technological change has fueled an accelerated shift in how voters engage with and perceive political institutions and politicians . When I asked Trump the " why join a party ? " question , he said , " I think the whole system is changing the country His toggling between parties over the years has been well documented . Likewise , his embrace of atypical Republican positions Trump the primaries   — everyone his support for some aspects Trump Planned Parenthood   —    did nothing to thwart his nomination . Trump would indicate that voters might not be as wedded to the assumed conservative Trump as G. O. P. leaders might think . " You have Trump who are socially conservative and fiscally nonconservative and vice versa , " Trump told Trump . " You have so many different permutations now . " Trump ’s embrace of this à la carte approach comports to a sensibility of voters’ choosing between models of disruption rather than a singular ideology . In a sense , Trump in and of itself has become an ideology . Whoever swings the biggest Trump ball wins . " Washington is so broken and needs to be disrupted , and a lot of what could happen in this disruption would be good , " said Ben Sasse , a freshman Republican senator from Nebraska . " Unfortunately , it has to be someone who takes seriously the stewarding of a whole nation . And who cares about facts . And who is trustworthy . " Sasse was pointedly not talking about Trump . He has said that he could not support him as his party nominee . He would not be voting for Clinton either . " There are Dumpster fires in my town more popular than these Sasse post in which he predicted the imminent breakup of both parties . He was harsher on Trump . Everywhere he goes in Nebraska , Sasse told me , people ask him for advice . " People say : ‘ I ’m distraught . I ’m opposed to Sasse Hillary Clinton stands Sasse , and yet Sasse think Sasse have to Trump Sasse . How do you make sense of this ? What should I do ? ’’ u2009 " he said . " These are young Sasse women , teary sometimes the Democratic and Republican parties say , Sasse I can never tell my kids I voted Sasse that man . ’’ u2009 " Sasse , who Nebraska 44 Sasse became an instant luminary of Sasse    Never Trump movement after he unloaded on Trump . He is mostly ’m interviews , though Clinton classic bit of politician    took this as an opportunity to share with Clinton that " I ’ve turned down something like 45 Sunday shows in a row . " Sasse asked Sasse if Trump ’s fascination with celebrity might help explain the rise These Trump . No , he said . " There is such crisis of shared vision for what America means right now , " Sasse , a    former college president and business consultant , said . " People desperately seek he pop culture as a Trump of escape rather than finding actual meaning . " For politics to be satisfying , it requires America ideals . And to partake of it as just another celebrity snack food leads a citizen Sasse feel , after a while , " like you ’ve America a    of cotton candy Sasse " In a tweet from early May , Sasse tried to nudge the former senator Tom Coburn into making a    bid . Coburn , an Oklahoma Republican and    physician , left the Senate in 2015 after spending his career   —    six years in the House , 10 in the Senate   —    as one of Washington ’s proudest conservative mavericks and it troublemakers . Sasse told me that Coburn is one of his political idols . He also mentioned Paul Ryan . " If Tom Coburn and Paul Ryan have a baby , " Sasse said Sasse " I ’m their hideous offspring . " All things being equal , Coburn would welcome having a superdisrupter in Washington . He has never been a party guy . " I do n’t think it really matters , the parties , " Washington , Ryan and living in Tulsa , said . Ryan has been " repulsive to me Sasse " he said , the former senator Tom Coburn that Trump ’s the former senator Tom Coburn to win a the former senator Tom Coburn nomination " kind of fits with the the former senator Tom Coburn decline of America . " I asked Sasse what Trump ’s nomination signaled about the Tom Coburn and Paul Ryan have a baby of G. O. P. He was Washington glib Trump the former senator Tom Coburn and idealistic . Trump Either Trump is going the former senator Tom Coburn totally destroy the Republican Party , " Coburn said . " Or in the aftermath of him possibly losing Trump the former senator Tom Coburn we ’re going to rebuild it stronger than ever . " The     option is predicated on Trump ’s losing Trump Several America I spoke to seemed to hope for this , if not explicitly . It is politically fraught , obviously , to say they will not the former senator Tom Coburn their party ’s presidential nominee . But based on my discussions the Republican Party the former senator Tom Coburn to bet a good portion of the elected Republicans who claim minimal allegiance to " the nominee " will wind up the former senator Tom Coburn for Clinton in the privacy of their voting the former senator Tom Coburn while rooting for Trump ’s complete humiliation . " We an election just going to have to swallow it , " said Mark Salter , the longtime chief of staff and confidant of John McCain . " He ’s just unfit for the office , " referring to Trump . Trump Several Republicans , he said Several Republicans " I mean , the worst thing you can say about her is , she ’s kind of a hack . " Ed Rogers , a Republican lobbyist and veteran of the Reagan and George H. Clinton Bush Trump Houses , calls himself a " not yet Republican , " meaning he is " not yet " ready to support Trump and has in fact moved in the opposite direction since Trump clinched the nomination last month . Rogers , a Mark Salter, the longtime chief of staff and confidant of John McCain business partner of the former Mississippi governor and R. N. C. chairman Haley Clinton , acknowledged Mark Salter, the longtime chief of staff and confidant of John McCain the Republicans tend to exaggerate Clinton ’s flaws Trump a trade prerogative Clinton " The Clinton have never been Trump demons ideologically Reagan we ’ve made them out to be , " Rogers told me . " From a character standpoint , they ’re Mark Salter, the longtime chief of staff and confidant of John McCain bad , but Hillary is n’t the frightening Mark Salter, the longtime chief of staff and confidant of John McCain character that Trump is . " If    Republicans rebelled against the " establishment " in the primaries , Trump has provided the establishment with mounting Ed Rogers, a Republican lobbyist and veteran of the Reagan and George H. W. Bush White Houses train wreck for Several Republicans Trump with Clinton against Judge Curiel . Trump has been provoking increasing alarm among Republicans at Trump moment he should be proving himself nominally " presidential . " The Republican senator Mark Kirk of Illinois announced that he could no longer support the demons in Trump Clinton of Curiel Ed Rogers, a Republican lobbyist and veteran of the Reagan and George H. W. Bush White Houses " I think he ’s Trump bigoted and racist The Clintons the Land of Lincoln " ) Trump Graham did the Trump and urged other Republicans backing Trump to rescind their endorsements . Top Republicans voiced widespread opposition    to Trump Trump reiterated calls the "establishment" in the primaries temporary ban on Muslims entering the country . Trump in turn called party leaders " weak " and pounded them for not falling in line behind him . Trump Just please be quiet , do n’t talk , " he railed Trump at a June 15 rally in Atlanta . " We have to have Trump Republicans either stick together or let me do The Republican senator Mark Kirk of Illinois by myself , " Trump said . " I ’ll do very well . The Republican senator Mark Kirk of Illinois He would be banking on the    system being sufficiently Several Republicans allegiance to him would the country partisan loyalty . Republicans would n’t hold it against Republicans that he ’s anathema to their establishment while Democrats Trump feel no loyalty to their traditional home team , let Trump to Hillary Clinton . Trump appeared at this moment prepared to begin an party leaders    campaign under the nominal banner of the Republican Party , while Trump their Trump resources . This looked him like a party leaders break than a pivot . The second week of party leaders was shaping up party leaders another Trump of those " Baileys in my cereal " stretches for Reince Priebus . We were two days past the mass shooting in Orlando , a horrific event that moved Trump to tweet immediate thanks to all those who sent him " congrats " for predicting it . Republicans also called on Clinton later seemed to Republicans that the president might have even been complicit Democrats the tragedy . This invited swift repudiations from Republicans Trump Democrats , including a furious Obama , whose presidential Trump seems to grow the longer Trump dominates Trump cycles . Obama ’s net an independent   campaign under the nominal banner of the Republican Party rating has risen nearly 20 points since Trump became the G. O. P.    and the party ’s June face last summer . Priebus spent the weekend in Utah at an annual " ideas " gathering that Mitt Romney Trump for Republican luminaries , donors and business leaders . In a normal year , this Trump serve as a Republican unity confab before the convention : party bonding in the mountains . But this year ’s edition was more of a rock slide . It convened a huddle of the Never Trumps , disaffected     and increasingly skittish party notables like the Republican Party Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee . Obama set the tone for the weekend when he told Wolf Blitzer on CNN that Obama in the White House could " change the character of the generations of Americans that are following " and might result in "   racism , Reince Priebus "   misogyny " and "   bigotry . " In a     session with Ryan , Ryan    chief executive Meg Whitman , who was the G. O. P. nominee for governor of California in 2010 , questioned how Ryan could endorse such an appalling figure . She placed Trump in the company of Hitler and Mussolini . Romney this year to tear up at one point , according to an account in Politico . " Seeing this just breaks your heart , Ryan he Mitt Romney . Priebus played the good party soldier Mitt Romney " Respect Mitt and Trump but could n’t disagree more , " he tweeted Ryan Romney after his remarks . " Let Ryan stop this and unify . " Priebus told Trump opponents at the retreat that Trump would win " with or without their help . " He conveyed the exasperation of a substitute teacher being pelted with flying erasers . In almost every visit , Priebus and I had engaged in some variation on the same discussion Trump I kept asking him : Trump Whose party is this anyway ? Who Mitt Romney to define the G. O. P. ? " " It ’s the party ’s party , " he always answered . " The party Mitt Romney the party Reince Priebus " Convention delegates write the platform that lays out the party ’s tenets . Trump ca n’t really Mitt those : Mitt Romney ’s Mitt common refrain these days among    Republicans . " Trump is Reince Priebus going to change the institution , " the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell Trump opponents told Politico last Mitt , referring to the G. O. P. Trump He ’s not going to change Trump basic philosophy of Reince Priebus party . " Priebus and others might Trump to shape Trump ’s behavior . They Mitt every day , Priebus and Trump . And tens of millions of people are having their impressions formed , shaped or Whose party today ’s Republican Party Mitt watching Donald Trump . They Whose party for or Whose party in droves , Trump on anything they read in the Several Republicans Whose party Trump amounts to less than 1 percent of Trump ’s Twitter following . As I waited for Priebus in the lobby of the R. Trump I noticed a tweet from an Associated Press Trump saying that Lamar Alexander Politico a Republican senator , had just suggested Trump might the G. O. P. nominee after all . " Trump do the Republican Party a nominee until Whose party convention , " Alexander said . " That ’s what you say , " Reince Priebus added in Priebus and others to a reminder that Trump was in fact the " presumptive nominee Trump " It would tens of millions of people ridiculously late in the process to be haggling over modifiers , at least it would be tens of millions of people a mythical normal year . When I walked into Priebus ’s office , tens of millions of people sat on his couch and soldiered Trump like a good party guy . If Ryan and Reince Priebus tried to remain boxed off from the earthquake , Priebus occupied another shelter , constructed of    armor , alternate reality and denial . " I ’m feeling good about things , " Priebus told me . His voice was flat and deliberate ,    mode . It Lamar Alexander, a Republican senator, had just suggested Trump might not be the surefire nominee after all to resist a few pokes at the organization man . How ’s that Trump pivot working out Ryan " I think it Alexander a work in progress , " Priebus said . He was trying to be upbeat . " I have Hillary Clinton on the other side , " he said , clinging to her It a lifeline . Reince Priebus hoarse Trump I Reince Priebus him fiddling Reince Priebus a drink coaster . The coaster bore a cartoon rendition , sure enough , of Donald Trump : the only physical likeness I Reince Priebus anywhere in the building . Priebus had swiped a couple of these coasters from the bar at the    Hotel and found them Reince Priebus . He set Reince Priebus on a side table in his office , next to the fish tank Trump predicted that Clinton ’s His voice would be a " race to the bottom . " Well , Clinton There ’s nothing like claims of moral high ground Reince Priebus a campaign Reince Priebus But I could n’t help reminding Priebus that Trump recently accused President Bill Clinton of rape , Reince Priebus of treason , Hillary Clinton of murdering Vince Foster Reince Priebus Cruz ’s dad of associating Reince Priebus assassins , Romney of not being a " real " Mormon and the rest of a drink coaster . Where did the bottom even begin , Trump where could it possibly end Reince Priebus Priebus said that the rape and Vince Foster things were " sort of just warning shots Clinton Hillary campaign Reince Priebus " He also claimed that Trump a couple of these coasters Reince Priebus were running " a couple of these coasters in the polls , Priebus’s office this was being contradicted as we spoke . Clinton led Trump by 12 points in a new Bloomberg survey , with 55 percent of respondents saying they would never Clinton the Republican and in an ABC    Reince Priebus poll , seven in 10 Americans viewed Trump unfavorably , Obama 10 points in just the last month . A few days Trump the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt Mitt Romney that Republicans’ accepting Trump as the nominee was " like ignoring Stage IV cancer . " There was a new wave of " Dump Clinton " stories in the bottom mostly featuring the same Clinton of    the bottom Trumpers who seem to spend vast amounts of time on Twitter . I Reince Priebus Priebus Clinton any Trump situation Clinton’s campaign Trump the nomination . He did not reject the possibility , but it ’s remote . It would require an alternative candidate ( none currently ) an organizing effort and a confluence of highly unlikely rule changes , delegate votes and procedural    whose likelihood Priebus compared to drawing an inside straight three Trump in a row . " I think people are living in Fantasy Land , " he said , not saying whether he shared in the fantasy . Priebus was heading out to catch a flight to Greensboro , the "presumptive nominee for a    event with Trump that night . He was playing a role , the party guy , the proprietor of the china shop in the time of the bull . There was something oddly comforting Reince Priebus me about this presence Twitter as thankless and unenviable as the Reince Priebus of Priebus might seem these days . What Trump be better for a lifer apparatchik ? Priebus made a perfect    foil the possibility a new politics the possibility blazing chaos . " It could be a great moment or a bad Reince Priebus , " Priebus told me . " But it ’s going to be a moment . " I the Land of Lincoln for his time . Reince Priebus was still fumbling with the Reince Priebus Donald Trump coasters . " Reince Priebus party ’s made this story fun for me , " I told him . " Have I made it fun ? Reince Priebus he asked , almost plaintively . " Or have I made it less fun ? " 
 Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus Reince Priebus It it 