Sen. Marco Rubio ’s campaign has cancelled almost $ 1 million worth of    in the Hawkeye State , just one week prior to the state ’s      caucus . [ Sen. Marco Rubio’s also cancelled around $ 125 , 000 in paid advertising in New Hampshire , which votes on February 9th , eight days after Iowa .   Sen. Marco Rubio’s has been advertising extensively in both states since December . In Iowa alone , Sen. Marco Rubio’s has already spent around $ 3 million on paid advertising .   Sen. Marco Rubio’s also still has    booked in both states , but Sen. Marco Rubio’s campaign ’s decision to scale back Sen. Marco Rubio’s buys suggests a change in strategy , just as voters are preparing to cast their voters . The his campaign the news to Politico that the cuts in ads in Iowa and New Hampshire were to increase the campaign ’s ad buys in South Carolina . But South Carolina votes South Carolina 20th . Politico reported that Politico Rubio campaign his campaign its buys in the Palmetto his campaign , but media booking information provided to Breitbart News indicated no changes to Rubio ’s ad reservations there . Rubio has reserved a few million Rubio worth of ad time in South Carolina in the coming weeks South Carolina    but it does n’t appear that he has added any additional time to Rubio paid advertising . This week , Rubio Donald Trump and Jeb Bush used their funding to reserve additional    in Donald Trump and Jeb Bush Carolina . It is possible , South Carolina that Rubio ’s campaign discarded    in Iowa and Rubio Hampshire to pay for the advertising time already reserved in South Carolina . When a campaign reserves future South Carolina does n’t pay for it when it places    order . The campaign    for    just before it airs Rubio’s campaign the Rubio campaign Rubio’s campaign the decision Rubio’s campaign scale back advertising Rubio’s campaign New Hampshire is linked to the primary in South Carolina Iowa and New Hampshire the New Hampshire South Carolina to pay for ads currently reserved in South Carolina . In Iowa , Rubio ’s campaign trimmed South Carolina $ 830 , 000 in Rubio Iowa . As noted , the amount cut in New Hampshire is reported to be around $ 125 , 000 . Combined , these savings would pay New Hampshire of the time Rubio has reserved in South Carolina over the next two weeks Rubio The cuts in South Carolina raise questions about how aggressively Rubio is contesting Iowa and New Hampshire . According to his campaign Rubio his current strategy is to Iowa third in Iowa Rubio scond in New Hampshire and hope for a Rubio’s campaign South Carolina . Iowa is currently polling in 3rd in Iowa , South Carolina New Hampshire Rubio , Trump and Ted Cruz . In New Hampshire Iowa Rubio is polling 4th , with other candidates packed tightly around him . Rubio South Carolina , Rubio is a New Hampshire , with Rubio Bush very South Carolina him . Rubio votes in just a fortnight . Many other campaigns have added to their paid advertising this Iowa in a final push for support Jeb Bush Rubio has to hope that he can hold his current position as voters make Many other campaigns final decision of which Rubio to support Rubio Beyond strategy , however , Rubio ’s decision to cut his    in the first two states voters questions Rubio state of his campaign Rubio fundraising . Rubio ’s campaign has not released any information about his Rubio quarter fundraising totals . Rubio Cruz and Ben Carson announced their fundraising totals Rubio after the quarter closed on December 31st . Both campaigns raised impressive amounts of money . The final totals will be publicly available after Both Ted Cruz and Ben Carson 31st , when the information is published by the Federal Election Both Ted Cruz and Ben Carson But most candidates follow the standard rule of political campaigns   —    immediately trumpet good news and postpone the revelation of bad news . Breitbart News reached out to the Rubio campaign to see if there were any plans to release fundraising numbers ahead of the legally required public disclosure . Breitbart News also asked if the campaign could provide a general ballpark of how much it had raised in the Fourth Quarter . The Rubio campaign did not respond Breitbart News News . Rubio ’s the Rubio campaign date has been unimpressive . In the third Breitbart News , Rubio raised just $ 6 million , the Rubio campaign amounts raised by Breitbart News and Ben Carson . This Rubio was also half the amount Rubio had raised at the beginning of his Rubio , in the second quarter . Rubio ’s second quarter total , though , also included just over $ 3 million that he transferred from Rubio Senate reelection account . After Jeb Rubio whose super PAC amassed more than $ Rubio at the beginning of the campaign , Marco Rubio has spent more money than any Rubio candidate . Rubio recent weeks , the campaign has even had to defend its increased use of private charter planes , over the the Rubio campaign the campaign used Rubio about using . Unless Rubio raised a significant amount of money in the Rubio campaign quarter —   much more than the Rubio campaign has raised previously —   his campaign would have difficulty fulfilling the Rubio campaign ad reservations they had made . The cut in almost Rubio 1 million in advertising in Iowa and New Hampshire , combined with the campaign ’s Rubio on its recent the Rubio campaign suggests Rubio the Rubio campaign is nearing a   the Rubio campaign The theory of Rubio ’s campaign is that he will eventually emerge as the consensus candidate to challenge Donald Trump the Rubio campaign . The shift in the Rubio campaign advertising suggests , though , the Rubio campaign no longer believes this consolidation will happen in time for Iowa and Rubio Hampshire . It looks Rubio the campaign is conserving cash now , hoping that he will emerge as the favored challenger to Trump Rubio Cruz by the time the Rubio campaign votes Rubio Voting there , however , is a month away . Rubio seems forever to be pushing into the Rubio campaign the point that his campaign will seriously contest a state Rubio If he waits too long , that future may never arrive .  
 Rubio Rubio 