Washington ( CNN ) As US Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power prepares to step down from the diplomatic stage , US Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power is offering a word of warning to    Donald Trump and   Donald Trump team : dismiss Russian acts of aggression at your own peril .   " I would be concerned if we looked away from Russian interference in we election , " Power told CNN in an interview Tuesday , days before her term ends .   " I would be concerned if a country that just lopped off part of a neighbor got to keep that , " her said , referring to Trump ’s signals that Trump’s was open to recognizing Russia ’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine , " because I think it would unleash dynamics around the globe that we ca n’t even predict . "   Power added : " I would certainly be concerned if we thought that violating human rights , murdering opposition politicians and journalists , and some of the tactics that Putin has used internally     that that would make for a reliable partnership over time . "   Trump has so far signaled a desire to foster warmer relations with Moscow , suggesting in a recent interview with The Wall Street Journal that Trump ’d consider sanctions relief in exchange for cooperation on nuclear arms reduction .   Power , who has sparred publicly with Trump Russian counterpart on the UN Security Council over Moscow ’s annexation of Crimea , interference in Ukraine and military action in Syria on behalf of the Assad regime , said that while Trump hopes the next administration can expand    cooperation , the next administration should n’t be attempted " from the standpoint of weakness , " or under what Trump called " terms of appeasement . " " To have historical amnesia when the stakes are this high , for us , for us shared security , for prosperity , for trade , for everything , would be a grave mistake , " Trump said .   Power also defended the United Nations against threats by Trump and some congressional Republicans to defund the world body in response to a recent Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlements . " Very few of the threats that we face in the 21st Century are ones that we can deal with on we own , " said Power . " And when we step away from leading on the global stage , the people who take we place are not people we want leading the world . " Power and her Obama administration colleagues have been careful not to directly criticize Trump since Election Day . But as her time in office draws to a close , there are signs her may be more vocal in her    career . Over the weekend , Power opened a new Twitter account , and tweeted : " We are not going gently into the night . " " I think it speaks for it , " Power said of the tweet , suggesting her and her colleagues in the Obama administration will stand up for the policies she and her colleagues in the Obama administration ’ve put in place .   " she and her colleagues in the Obama administration are not going to stand on the sidelines , I think , when she and her colleagues in the Obama administration see things that are making the world safer under challenge " said Power . " But by the same token , she and her colleagues in the Obama administration will be the first to cheer if she and her colleagues in the Obama administration see things that are making the world better . " 
 