House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s immigration policy is not " in the best interest of America , " says Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks . [ Lawmakers are set to hold leadership elections this coming Tuesday . Yet , in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks indicated that Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks is not sure whether Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks will support the    of Speaker Ryan , who has a    long history of championing open borders immigration policies . " It depends on the   ’s Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks Breitbart . In 2015 , Brooks Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks to elect Ryan as Speaker of the House after Ryan Ryan promised him Ryan he Ryan not bring up any major immigration legislation while President Barack Obama was still in office .   Yet Ryan Ryan broke that promise by quadrupling the controversial    guest worker program in his Ryan spending bill , which immigration attorney Ian Smith explained would disproportionately " hurt America ’s most   vulnerable workers " by allowing them most  vulnerable workers be replaced by temporary foreign workers . " I do n’t believe that Paul Ryan position on immigration is consistent with what is in the best interest of America , America Brooks told Breitbart . " But that ’s why we have these policy debates and disagreements . I would prefer someone who is stronger on immigration , but Paul Ryan Ryan me , again , for this next session of Congress —   as he did during Ryan last year , in which he was Speaker Ryan    that no bill on immigration will come to the House floor unless a majority of the GOP conference supports it . " no bill on immigration News followed up . Breitbart : " Well , last year he did put Ryan the omnibus   …      [ an ] expansion to the    visa program —    even though he made that Ryan . " Brooks : " I understand . " Breitbart : " Breitbart you think [ he ’ll keep Ryan his promise this that promise …      better than last time ? " Brooks : " I Brooks n’t know . " Following Ryan ’s broken promise , Congressman Brooks took to Brooks floor in January and declared : House Speaker Paul Ryan claims Ryan’s [ Ryan’s " help[s ] small businesses who can not find labor when there ’s a surge in demand for their labor like seafood processing , or tourism . labor [ end quote ] This claimed labor shortage is unsupported by jobs or wage data and is political bunk ! " Mr. Speaker , while these surges in foreign worker visas and foreign labor work permits is a huge victory for special interests that profit from suppressed wages , it is a debilitating loss for struggling American families , " Brooks said . " Unemployed and underpaid Americans desperate for a    job have every right to be angry at a federal government that takes American jobs from American citizens and gives them to foreigners . " American presciently , Brooks Unemployed and underpaid Americans desperate for a   job : " Americans have every right to Brooks angry at Washington elected officials who care more about special interest campaign contributions than American voters who elected us . I hope these Americans will remember their anger during 2016 ’s Americans general elections . Americans That is the way to force Washington to represent us ! " " Mr. Speaker , Washington ca n’t speak for anyone else but , as for me , Mo Brooks , from Alabama ’s 5th Congressional Mr. Speaker , Brooks interests of American citizens and against policies that undermine the struggling American voters who sent us here , " Brooks concluded . According to Pew polling data , 92 percent of the GOP electorate is opposed to Ryan ’s expansionist immigration agenda . Reports analyzing Trump ’s historic upset suggest that the American people did indeed " remember their anger " over Ryan and political elites’ expansionist immigration policies that put foreign the American people ahead of the Ryan of American workers . Yet Brooks now indicates he is undecided on whether he will vote to    as House Speaker a Brooks who has been one Brooks Washington ’s biggest advocates of open borders . " The Speaker ’s race   …      all really comes down to one thing , " Brooks says . " You can throw out the public policy , you can Brooks out all the personalities , it comes down to whether Donald Trump wants Paul Ryan as Speaker of the House . " When asked if he thinks his constituents who just propelled Trump to victory want Ryan as House Donald Trump , Donald Trump said " my constituency Donald Trump Donald Trump ’s Paul Ryan respected the House " As to his own preferences , Brooks Donald Trump " I strongly prefer strong , aggressive leadership Donald Trump behalf of Republican Brooks rather than    compromising leadership . In the context of the Speaker ’s race , if Hillary Clinton had been elected president , we would definitely need a House Speaker with a stronger backbone [ than Ryan ] . " Yet , as proponents of immigration controls have noted , Ryan has demonstrated that he can be quite forceful when it comes to his efforts Ryan push for expansionist Ryan policies . " There is nobody around in Ryan party who is more fanatically dedicated to the cause of open borders than Paul Ryan , " Conservative Review ’s Daniel Horowitz has explained . " Whereas most Ryan be talked off the ledge on this issue , Ryan is a true believer . " " Open borders is in his ideological DNA , Ryan Roy Beck , the president of the immigration control group NumbersUSA Ryan has explained . " He ’s an ideologue and has spent his whole life working for ideologues . Open borders Ryan out of every pore of his Ryan   …      This is n’t personal , it ’s just who he is Ryan …      Ryan is the heart and soul of This capitalism . " Ryan , Brooks himself seemed to suggest that if Ryan were elected Speaker , much of Trump ’s efforts to enact his mandate on curbing Ryan may have to be done against the wishes of Speaker Ryan Brooks himself When asked about Ryan ’s recent comments on CNN , in which Ryan Ryan the removing illegal aliens is Ryan to be a " focus " of a Ryan administration , Brooks said : " The President of the United States can enforce our immigration laws without any help from the United States Congress . The laws are already on the books . So if Donald Trump wants to secure our border and our immigration laws immigration law , he has the power to do that regardless of what the Majority Leader of the Senate or the Speaker Donald Trump the House may think , do , or say . " " [ I ] strongly disagree with him [ Ryan ] on whether the importation of huge amounts of foreign labor is good for struggling American Donald Trump , " Brooks added . " I believe it costs struggling America families jobs . And those lucky enough to get jobs will suffer from wage suppression as a consequence of the floodgates having been opened —    not only for illegal aliens , but also for lawful immigrants . If we had a booming economy , it would be one thing . But we do n’t . We have an anemic economy . And Americans are suffering because of our open borders we . The economic we is clear and irrefutable . All Americans —    regardless of we they are African American , Hispanic America , Asian America , or Caucasian American —    have been hurt by the huge influx of foreign labor that takes jobs from American citizens and hurts the wages of those Americans fortunate enough to get jobs . " Reports have documented Ryan ’s longstanding support for the      policies desired by the party ’s donor class . Despite the vocal objection of his Republican constituents , Ryan championed an omnibus spending bill last year that fully funded President Obama ’s immigration Ryan —   including Ryan for sanctuary cities , unconstitutional executive amnesty , the resettlement of illegal aliens within the United States , the release of criminal aliens , tax credits for illegal aliens , and a controversial expansion of Obama ’s refugee resettlement operation . Dating back to his time as a Capitol Hill staffer in the    Ryan was part of the effort to derail the bipartisan immigration curbs inspired by Civil Rights leader and    Congresswoman Barbara Jordan . In 2013 , Paul Ryan worked     with open borders advocate Luis Gutierrez to push the    amnesty agenda . Gutierrez has Ryan , " I have only one loyalty   …     and that ’s to the immigrant Luis Gutierrez . " At a joint event with Gutierrez in 2013 , Ryan made the case for dissolving borders —   declaring unabashedly that America " is America Luis Gutierrez our borders . " In fact , in 2015 , Gutierrez was one of Ryan ’s earliest supporters for his election as House Speaker . It is unclear whether members Luis Gutierrez House Ryan Caucus and conservative lawmakers —   Luis Gutierrez Jim Jordan , Mark Meadows , Jeff Duncan , Jim Bridenstine , Brian Babin , Steve King , Matt Salmon , Alex Mooney , Gary Palmer , Barry Loudermilk , John Fleming and others —   who voted for Ryan last year , last year ’s previously expressed support for Ryan and whether they will vote Ryan elect him again as House Speaker on Tuesday . 
 Ryan Ryan House Speaker members of the House Freedom Caucus and conservative lawmakers —  including Jim Jordan, Mark Meadows, Jeff Duncan, Jim Bridenstine, Brian Babin, Steve King, Matt Salmon, Alex Mooney, Gary Palmer, Barry Loudermilk, John Fleming and others —  who voted for Ryan last year, share Gutierrez’s previously expressed support for Ryan and whether they will vote to elect him again as House Speaker on Tuesday 