Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Wednesday will fly into Nashville to rally thousands of supporters for the second time in President Donald Trump     presidency . But unlike the events President Donald Trump predecessors held to build support for their agenda , President Donald Trump rally is being organized and funded by his President Donald Trump reelection campaign rather than the White House     a move that is raising eyebrows among campaign finance experts , veteran political operatives and officials from the last three administrations . Presidents typically rely on federal funds when they Presidents out to sell their Presidents and turn up the political pressure on members of Congress . Their Presidents campaigns do n’t begin to pick up the tab until opponents start to crop up . Trump , in contrast , has filed legal forms allowing his Trump committee to fundraise for his Trump , but has not yet publicly announced his Trump to run . The decision to hold    rallies will give Trump Trump flexibility     from deciding who ’s allowed in to helping the campaign build out its Trump of supporters’ contact information . Michael Glassner , the Trump campaign ’s executive director , said the move will allow Trump Trump rely on the the campaign " very effective method of promoting his Trump and filling these venues . " It also means the campaign use campaign dollars to advertise the events and sell campaign merchandise     think " Make America Great Again " hats     to all the eager supporters who attend , Glassner said . That will help recreate the feeling of Trump Trump trademark campaign rallies , firing up his Trump and even Trump himself in the process . " This is all about building him Trump , " one Republican involved in the planning of the Trump Trump said , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations about the event . " It ’s about taking him Trump to the campaign . " " These rallies are what has given him Trump Trump and to him Trump to his Trump base since Day 1 , " said another Republican close to Trump . Jim Messina , campaign manager for Obama ’s    bid , said the Trump campaign Trump was highly unusual . But official government events come with some restrictions , which Messina said Jim Messina ’s aides likely did n’t want to abide by . " But more importantly than all this , it continues to show he Trump the first president who cares way more this early about his Trump than swing voters , " Messina told Jim Messina . " He Trump do and say things that most new presidents would never do as they looked most new presidents unify a nation     or at least being perceived as doing so . " While the campaign will shell out tens of thousands of dollars for each rally it hosts , it is it gaining an edge on Trump ’s likely 2020 reelection bid by amassing physical and email addresses voters submit to get their free voters to attend the rally . " We use that to build our database We " Glassner said . That would be impossible if Trump was Trump’s a White    rally , according to campaign finance experts Lawrence Noble and Trevor Potter .   But the two campaign finance experts Lawrence Noble and Trevor Potter the    rallies give Trump greater Trump’s over who can attend rallies . " It gives them control over who campaign finance experts Lawrence Noble and Trevor Potter attend the event . By calling it a campaign event It can basically limit campaign finance experts Lawrence Noble and Trevor Potter to their supporters It keep campaign finance experts Lawrence Noble and Trevor Potter out , " Noble said . While campaign rallies are private events , one organized by the White House would be public and officials would not be allowed to deny attendees entry on a political basis , Potter added . The campaign ’s funding of the event also gives the event leeway in what he says on the stump Trump keeping him out of legal trouble Trump he delves into talk of Trump reelection bid or urges Trump to endorse or oppose any candidate for political office . When Trump sweeps into the Nashville Trump on Wednesday night , it will mark the second Trump campaign rally of his presidency , after one Trump Melbourne , Florida , last month , and the second time he ’s bucked past precedent Trump doing so at such an early stage of his term , according to Trump from the last three administrations . President Barack Obama did n’t file    papers until April 2011 and President George W. Bush until May 2003     both of which were in the third years of their presidency . Both held both of which during their both of which to drum up both of which for their legislative agendas , but both of which events were run by the White House outside the campaign season . But Glassner said the rallies were simply about sticking with what ’s worked . " These rallies were a major the rallies energy that drove the entire campaign from the day he announced onward to a degree that had never been done before , " said Glassner , who joined Trump ’s campaign within a month of its launch in 2015 , adding Trump’s the rallies also provide an unfiltered the rallies Trump to bypass the media and reach Americans directly . " If you have the capacity to do that then why would n’t you , " he said . Trump ’s overall campaign he is also Trump more active already than that of past presidents . Since filing forms with the FEC , the campaign has focused on building its data operation for the next election the campaign fundraising for the 2020 campaign and organizing rallies like the one scheduled for Wednesday , an official familiar with the campaign ’s operations said . Most the campaign like to start raising money and spending campaign funds any earlier than they have to . But Trump ’s campaign finished Most presidents year with $ 7 . 6 million in his campaign bank account and no debt . He Trump’s already soliciting campaign contributions , which continue Trump’s role in , a bulk of which come from sales of his Trump merchandise , including his trademark " Make Trump’s Trump’s Again " hats Trump’s The unorthodoxy of the campaign holding the rallies does n’t bother Trump loyalists . " If it ’s unorthodox now , then it was unorthodox to run a primary campaign based it a large campaign rally model , " Glassner said . 
 