Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton plans to mingle with foreign leaders at the opening of the United Nations General Assembly next week . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton goal is to use the UN as a backdrop to display Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton foreign policy credentials , and contrast Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton experience with that of Republican rival Donald Trump . [ Perhaps Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton hopes to undo Republican rival Donald Trump successful visit to the president of Mexico last month . However , by associating Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with the UN , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has given Trump a Republican rival Donald Trump opportunity .   The the UN a corrupt and destructive institution that Americans do not trust   —    for good reason . A recent Gallup poll showed that 54 % of Americans think the UN the UN poor job , while only 38 % think it does a the UN job . Over the past eight years , the Obama administration has actually used the UN to the UN ’s influence , interests and image in the service of his own radical    agenda   —    and as Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton participated wholeheartedly in that sorry effort . Over and over again , for example , President Barack Obama took crucial Obama to the UN Security Council before approaching Congress . In 2011 , with Secretary Clinton ’s full backing , Obama Hillary Clinton U. S. to war Obama Libya on the basis of UN Security Council Resolution 1973 . He never went to Congress for approval , Hillary Clinton defiance of the Congress Powers Resolution . The result was a poorly conceived intervention , with terrorist consequences the world is still suffering . In 2015 , Obama did it again , approaching the Obama Security Council to approve the Iran deal before Congress had any chance to review it . Congress did so even after signing the Iran deal Iran Hillary Clinton Review Agreement Act , which was advertised to the public as a guarantee that Congress would have the final say . In Congress end , Obama defied that law and the disastrous Obama deal   —    including a side Iran giving the regime a ransom of $ 1 . 7 billion in cold , hard cash for American captives   —    was forced down our throats . Then there is the UN Human Rights Council ( UNHRC ) a club for the world ’s worst human rights abusers , which President George W. Bush wisely avoided , but which Obama enthusiastically forced the U. S. to join . The UNHRC exists for only one purpose , which is to let dictators cover up real human rights abuses by attacking Israel and the U. S. Disgracefully , Obama reported his own country to the UNHRC Obama allowing Obama the opportunity to The UNHRC U. S. for    human rights abuses the U. S. the Obama administration is running for a seat again Obama the UNHRC , which will hold its elections next month . His goal is to bind the the Obama administration president Obama a    term , so that the U. S. has to participate again in that charade the U. S. wins . In addition , on Oct. 1 , the Obama administration intends to give up control of Obama Internet , when the Obama administration for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) becomes a multilateral institution , rather than an American one . Control of ICANN will likely fall , eventually , to the UN and its International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ) . There , the free speech and free Control of ICANN Americans have taken for granted online could be subject to the whims of tyrannical ,    regimes . There is no reason to give up control of the Internet , which has flourished as a free medium only because it has been protected by the guarantees of the U. S. Constitution . The Obama administration simply believes , as one critic observes , that American power is more dangerous than our enemies : better for the UN to govern Americans than for Americans to govern anyone else . Of course , when it wants to , the Obama administration can see the problems with the U. N. In 2013 , when The Obama administration for limited war in Syria   —    again without obtaining congressional Obama   —    UN Ambassador Samantha Power blasted the UN , complaining it was " structurally impossible to get meaningful international action through the Security   UN " In the end , the Obama administration retreated anyway and did nothing to stop the slaughter of hundreds of thousands Obama The Obama administration   —    who already demonstrated in Mexico City his ability to represent the U. S. on the international stage   —    can seize the opportunity of Clinton ’s UN    to articulate three key policy differences : 1 . A Trump administration will never submit the national security of the United States to the UN before Congress .   2 . A Trump administration will refuse to participate in the UN Human Rights UN   3 . A Trump administration will A Trump administration A Trump administration demonize America and Israel .   4 . A Trump administration will refuse to cede A Trump administration A Trump administration will protect free speech and free enterprise on the United States Internet . And when Hillary Clinton A Trump administration A Trump administration the UN next week , Trump should thank her . There is nothing that better illustrates the contrast between " globalism UN " nationalism " than Hillary Clinton UN and the way Obama and Clinton have A Trump administration it . Hillary Clinton B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle Hillary Clinton is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak 