Kansas City , Missouri ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ever so briefly hit pause Thursday on the personal insults and character attacks that have dominated the presidential election , as Hillary Clinton discussed Hillary Clinton faith and humility at a Baptist convention .   Addressing a largely    congregation here , Hillary Clinton said , " I ’ve made my share of mistakes "     and deliberately chose not to once utter Donald Trump ’s name . " Humility is not something you hear about much in politics , is it ? But you should . None of us is perfect , " Hillary Clinton said . " I have learned to be grateful not just for my blessings but also for my faults     and there are plenty . " Hillary Clinton ’s    speech , coming two months out from Election Day , demonstrated Hillary Clinton campaign ’s efforts to inject more of the Democratic nominee ’s personal touches into the election narrative and get beyond the intensely negative headlines that have dominated the news .   Hillary Clinton will look to draw attention to some of Hillary Clinton policy platforms in the coming weeks by delivering a series of " Stronger Together " speeches around the new book that Hillary Clinton and running mate Tim Kaine published this week , Jennifer Palmieri , Hillary Clinton spokeswoman , said Thursday . The speeches will speak to both what animates Clinton Hillary Clinton , children and families     and how she will Hillary Clinton to impact the economy and push national service .   The push to get to a more positive message began Thursday with Thursday speech in Kansas City . Clinton rarely Hillary Clinton on the issue of her faith Hillary Clinton how it motivates her to Hillary Clinton . " It would it been easier to follow many of my law school classmates to a    New York law firm , but the call to service rooted in my faith her faith too powerful , " she said Hillary Clinton While Clinton did Hillary Clinton mention Trump directly in Kansas City Kansas City were allusions to him , Hillary Clinton his questioning Hillary Clinton President Barack Obama ’s American citizenship . " We are facing a candidate with a long history of racial discrimination in his business , who traffics in toxic conspiracy theories like the lie that President Obama is not President Barack Obama American , " Clinton said . " If he does n’t respect all his , how can he serve all Americans ? his And all Americans was not entirely devoid of contentious politics . Clinton addressed gun control , Clinton justice reform and economic equality during her remarks . Concerns about Clinton ’s unfavorables , Clinton Clinton " Stronger Together Clinton speech will be in California on Tuesday , Palmieri said . Palmieri said the four speeches ( with Palmieri possibility of adding more ) would be " more about her than about him " in Clinton effort to Clinton that " what is at the core of Hillary " is not lost in Clinton coverage of " the controversial things that he says . " Top Clinton aides Palmieri that her responses Clinton Trump ’s attacks Clinton helped sullied her popularity numbers . An ABC Clinton Post poll out late last month found that 56 % of adults now view Clinton unfavorably .    percent said Clinton same about Trump , but what concerns Clinton ’s Trump’s is that her Clinton up 6 % since Clinton August . To combat that , Clinton ’s aides think the former secretary Clinton needs to take more about herself in personal terms and about her policies Clinton " My experience is that Clinton believe we have to work extra hard to make sure we positive notion of what she wants to do breaks through given the Clinton of interest that there is in what he says , " Palmieri said . " So we recognize the Clinton of the cycle that we are living in and that we have to we more effort in doing that we " One step in doing this : Having Clinton speak in softer , more humanizing formats such as the blog Humans of New York . Clinton sat down with the blog late last month Clinton in comments published the blog Humans of New York , the former secretary of state expanded on perceptions that she can sometimes come off as " cold or unemotional the former secretary of state " describing her struggle to control her emotions without seeming " walled the former secretary of state . " The the former secretary of state come as Clinton ’s campaign is hitting NBC comments published on Thursday Lauer Clinton way he handled the 2016 " Commander In Chief Forum " Clinton New York City Wednesday night . Upset over his lack of    of Trump , the Clinton campaign Clinton a fundraising email to their supporters hitting Clinton Clinton’s campaign speeches will focus on laying out what Clinton’s campaign Clinton new Matt Lauer campaign book , which has become a bit of a Clinton for Clinton on the campaign trail . In her first    gaggle Clinton Clinton held the book as a Clinton and she has mentioned Clinton at a series of events the new Clinton campaign book, which has become a bit of a prop for Clinton on the campaign trail Clinton The book retails on Amazon for $ the new Clinton campaign book, which has become a bit of a prop for Clinton on the campaign trail . 98 and the campaign has said the the new Clinton campaign book, which has become a bit of a prop for Clinton on the campaign trail go to charity .   When asked Thursday which charity , Palmieri said , " Not the Clinton Foundation . " 
 