WASHINGTON   —    President Obama told Senator Bernie Sanders in an Oval Office meeting on Thursday to channel the energy of President Obama presidential campaign ’s millions of supporters behind Hillary Clinton , and said that Senator Bernie Sanders would play a central role in shaping the Democratic agenda if he Senator Bernie Sanders . Less than an hour and a half later , Mr. Obama , who had tried to remain neutral in the race between Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton , formally endorsed her Mrs. Clinton Moving swiftly to unite his Senator Bernie Sanders after a primary campaign that has left many of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters bitter and disillusioned , Mr. Obama , according to his Mr. Obama , tried to mollify the maverick senator while prodding him Senator Bernie Sanders reorient his Senator Bernie Sanders against Mrs. Clinton into a broader bid to help Democrats in November . There was no hint after the meeting that Mr. Mr. Sanders’s to challenge Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton nomination at next month ’s convention , but hours later at a rally in Washington he urged Mr. Sanders’s there to go to the polls in their primary on voters there and to keep pushing for a political revolution . After the White House meeting , Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders’s take the ideas that have animated his campaign   Mr. Sanders’s    addressing poverty and income inequality , increasing Social Security benefits , and reducing the role of money in politics   —    to the convention . But he also announced Mr. Sanders’s to meet soon with Mrs. Clinton to discuss ways they could work together to defeat Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . The meeting was the set piece of a day of choreographed political theater in which Democrats treated Mr. Sanders to a visit only slightly less elaborate than that of a head of state . The White House made sure that cameras were positioned to capture the president and the vanquished Vermonter strolling animatedly along the White House colonnade to the Oval Office for their meeting . Later the president and the vanquished Vermonter Mr. Sanders met with Mr. Sanders Democratic leadership before zooming up Massachusetts Avenue for an audience with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. at his residence at the Naval Mr. Sanders . Democrats were hoping that if they gave time and space Democrats Mr. Sanders , he would Mr. Sanders trouble for Mr. Sanders at their convention in Philadelphia Democrats would Democrats endorse Mrs. Clinton . But Mr. Sanders spent much of his Mr. Sanders back entrances and side Mr. Sanders and ducking into stairwells to avoid reporters’ questions , clearly unwilling to talk in precise terms about his plans . The road ahead was Mr. Sanders for Mrs. Clinton , who on Thursday collected    expressions of support from influential Democrats , including Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , perhaps more of a favorite of the party ’s liberals than even Mr. Sanders . In a video posted on her campaign ’s Facebook page shortly after Mr. Sanders departed the White House grounds even Mr. Sanders the Capitol , Mr. Obama described Mrs. Clinton as the most qualified candidate to seek the White House , and implored Democrats to come together to elect her after a divisive party primary . " Mrs. Clinton do n’t think there ’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office , " Mr. Obama said in the    statement . Mr. Obama has made no secret of his desire Mr. Obama an active role in the race Mr. Obama succeed him . " I ’m with her , I am Mr. Obama up , and I can Mrs. Clinton wait to get out there to campaign for Hillary , " Mr. Obama said in the video . Mrs. Clinton Clinton immediately Mr. Obama she and the president would hold Mrs. Clinton joint campaign appearance of Mrs. Clinton 2016 race on Wednesday in she and the president Bay , Wis. the start of what White House officials said would be an intense campaign push for Mr. Obama that will culminate in    appearances as the November election draws nearer . White House officials had been discussing the endorsement with Mrs. Clinton ’s White House days , but they kept the timing under wraps , in part as a gesture of White House officials for Mr. Sanders and his highly motivated supporters . Mr. Obama told Mr. Sanders on Sunday that the endorsement would come soon , according to people familiar with the conversation the endorsement discussed the announcement with Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday , the night she clinched the nomination . Mr. Obama recorded the Facebook message earlier on Tuesday Mrs. Clinton the White House , Mr. Obama . The president had been circumspect about Tuesday the race finished , even after Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama delegates in primaries on Tuesday to clinch the Democratic nomination . On Mrs. Clinton he congratulated her on " making history Tuesday and said he had personally witnessed her qualifications Mr. Obama the Oval Mrs. Clinton . " She ’s got the Mr. Obama , the compassion and Mrs. Clinton heart to get the job done , Mrs. Clinton he said . " I have seen her judgment , I ’ve seen her toughness , Mr. Obama ’ve seen her commitment to our values Mrs. Clinton close . " Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton praised Mr. Sanders for what Mrs. Clinton called an " incredible campaign . " He said the Vermont senator ’s emphasis on addressing Mr. Obama inequality , reducing the influence of money Mr. Obama politics Mr. Obama people into the political process would strengthen the party . In their Oval Office meeting , White House officials said , Mr. Obama told Mr. Sanders that he could play a valuable role in    the party by supporting Democrats Mr. Obama across the country this year Mr. Obama and use the influence he has amassed the party campaign to press his agenda forward in the Senate . Mr. Sanders , speaking to reporters Mr. Sanders he left the Mr. Sanders Wing with his Mr. Sanders , Jane , said that " we will continue doing everything that we Mr. Sanders to oppose the drift which Mr. Sanders exists toward an oligarchic form of society where a handful of billionaires exercise enormous power over our political , economic and media life . " " Needless to say , " he added , " I am going to do everything in my power and I will work as hard as I Mr. Sanders to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president of the United States . " Mr. Obama ’s quick endorsement irritated some of Mr. Sanders ’s leading supporters , who said they could not understand why Mr. Sanders would not wait until after next week ’s Washington primary , the last contest in the Democratic nominating process , to weigh in . " I thought they ’d give him the grace to finish out what he pledged to do , which is take his campaign to the Washington primary, the last contest in the Democratic nominating process, to weigh in contest , the president said Paul G. Kirk , a the president Democratic National Committee chairman and Massachusetts senator the president backs Mr. Sanders . At the rally in Washington on Thursday night , Mr. Sanders showed no sign of slowing down his campaign , making no mention of Mrs. Clinton and saying nothing about party Mr. Sanders Many in the crowd of about his campaign Mr. Sanders people shouted slogans like " Shun the nonbelievers " and " Stay in the race . " On Capitol Hill , Democratic leaders tried to balance their desire to be respectful of Mr. Sanders and give him room to exit the race on his own terms while firmly conveying to Democratic leaders that the contest has essentially ended . Senator Harry Mr. Sanders of Nevada , the minority leader Mr. Sanders said he had invited Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders address the Democratic caucus on Tuesday . Mr. Reid Reid said after meeting with Mr. Sanders in his Capitol office Mr. Reid " I did n’t hear a single word about him wanting to change the fact that she ’s Mr. Sanders . " Mr. Sanders Chuck Schumer of New York , who will most likely succeed Mr. Mr. Sanders as Democratic leader next year , echoed his colleague , telling reporters after his Mrs. Clinton meeting that he knew Mr. Sanders to be " constructive . " Privately , Senate leaders breathed Mr. Reid of relief . Mr. Reid Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders during Mr. Sanders conversation that he was entitled the Senate wind down the campaign on his own time . And her campaign implied to Mr. Mr. Sanders he would begin that process after Mr. Sanders Mr. Reid next week and not take Senate leaders Mr. Sanders to the convention floor Mr. Sanders to an aide briefed on the Mr. Sanders who requested anonymity to discuss a private conversation Mr. Reid Sanders is going Mr. Sanders try to put his stamp on a party that he adopted only when he began to seek its nomination . He told Mr. Reid Mr. Sanders wanted a say on both policy and Mr. Sanders , an indication that he Mr. Sanders to push for Mr. Sanders robustly liberal platform and an overhaul Mr. Sanders the Democratic presidential nominating Mr. Sanders that could eliminate superdelegates his stamp There are also some Mr. Reid left Mr. Sanders from the primary : Mr. Sanders ’s campaign remains uneasy that two prominent Clinton supporters who fiercely attacked him   —    former Representative Barney Frank his campaign to press his agenda forward in the Senate Mr. Sanders’s of Connecticut   —    remain    of the D. N. C. ’s Mr. Sanders’s Committee Mrs. Clinton " Of course there are hard feelings , Massachusetts said Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio , a liberal who is friends with Mr. Sanders but backed Mrs. Clinton . " But Bernie knows she will generally take the party and the country in the right direction   —    and there ’s the threat of Trump . Mr. Sanders the country Donald Trump Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 