Moscow ( CNN ) On the day the US awaited the testimony of former FBI chief James Comey on the Russian election hacking saga , Moscow said Moscow had observed hacking attempts launched against Moscow from US territory " every day . " Speaking Thursday , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov refused to be drawn on whether the alleged hacks were the work of government or    actors . " Hacking attacks that are being carried out from the territory of the United States are recorded every day . Including attacks on the president ’s website . It ’s true , " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters . Read : Comey just went nuclear   Asked if Comey information indicated attacks on the president’s website were carried out by intelligence agencies or unaffiliated hackers , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said , " I would n’t like to amuse the public by saying that official Washington is behind it . A hacking attack carried out from the territory of some country can not mean that the authorities have anything to do with it . " Five things to watch : The Comey hearing , State Department Spokesman Heather Nauert said the Russian claim " does not surprise me " and dismissed it the Russian claim " propaganda . " Messages left with the National Security Agency and White House were not immediately returned Thursday . Comey Comey Peskov ’s statement comes hours before Comey Comey before the Senate intelligence committee in one of the most eagerly awaited hearings in decades . He Comey through on expectations that he Comey publicly contradict aspects of US President Donald Trump ’s accounts of their private conversations , characterizing some of the president ’s comments as lies . His the president’s represented a pivotal moment in the saga of Russian election hacking and alleged collusion by Trump US President Donald Trump that has cast a dark shadow over the opening months of the new administration . Comey the president’s questions about whether Trump US President Donald Trump his the president’s in demanding loyalty from the former FBI chief . He the president’s also grilled on claims the President obstructed justice by asking him the president’s shut down part of the bureau ’s Russia probe . Read : James the president’s his moment the president’s hearing , But while the US appears to be gripped by the case , Peskov insisted Moscow will not be paying much attention to the hearing in Washington . " We are much more interested in the summit of the state leaders of Shanghai Cooperation Organization which takes place in Astana today and tomorrow , " Peskov added Peskov Russian President Vladimir Putin is attending the Astana meeting Astana 
 