The police massacre in Dallas has forced the Cleveland Police Department to finally respond to the threat posed by increasingly violent left wing protests around the country ahead of the Republican National Convention . [ Cleveland Police Chief Ed Tomba reportedly told Reuters that law enforcement would make changes to the security plan for the RNC . Cleveland Police Chief Ed Tomba also emailed other law enforcement agencies to " reassure " other law enforcement agencies that officers would be safe .   " We have got to make some changes without a doubt , " Cleveland Police Chief Ed Tomba Cleveland Police Chief Ed Tomba told Reuters Reuters the phone . " I wrote an email reassuring them [ other agencies providing officers for the convention ] we We prepared and let them them we We not pull the plan off without them them " For months , Breitbart News has been sounding the alarm over security concerns at the convention in Cleveland after organized violent protests surrounding presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump around the country . Breitbart Texas warned of possible danger to both convention goers and law enforcement officers in a post by Lana Shadwick titled , " Cops and GOP Convention Goers are Sitting Ducks , Says Cleveland Police Union . " " The president of the Cleveland Police Union that cops and convention goers are " sitting ducks " at the 2016 Republican National Convention , " The City of Cleveland is    to handle the thousands of professional leftist , Black Lives Matter , and other protesters and there is just under a month to go before the convention . Tens of the 2016 Republican National Convention truckers , bikers , Trump supporters and convention delegates are expected to pour into the city during the convention . The City of Cleveland Loomis the 2016 Republican National Convention of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen ’s Association , told Breitbart Texas that Cleveland city officials are still refusing to heed , some arrogantly so , the recommendations of federal security officials . This is even though the City has procured insurance , as reported The City of Cleveland cover the " anticipated " " large scale rioting . " The police union head charges that the mayor of Cleveland " just does not get it . " Cleveland adds that " Command staff has arrogantly dismissed The police union head of officials from FEMA ( Federal Emergency Management Agency ) . " The City of Cleveland has asked officers from across the country to Cleveland provide security however , Loomis says he has massive concerns about the safety and security Loomis both his " rank and file officers , " and Loomis from other cities . He said , " I would n’t hold it Loomis them if they decided to   . " He officers from other cities Breitbart officers from other cities that City officials " Just Loomis , take , take , but need to pretend for a moment that they really care about us . " In a officers from other cities covering the Cleveland Police Chief ’s comments the Washington Post provides a list of the protest groups planning action . " Dozens of organizations   —    ranging from groups for and against the candidacy of presumed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , plus local social justice organizations an antiabortion group the ONE Campaign an AIDS    organization based in Los Angeles the " Funny or Die " comedy group and white supremacists from California   —    have applied for demonstration or parade permits or announced plans to be in Cleveland without official permission . City and federal officials have said they can not guarantee they will be unable to City and federal officials apart groups that City and federal officials be at odds with one another . " Besides the safety concerns for officers raised by the massacre in Dallas , officers and their representatives are concerned about potential civil and criminal liability and whether Cleveland was going to have enough man power . Cleveland Ronald L. Rowe , Jr. RNC Coordinator for the U. S. Secret Service , stated during a City of Cleveland briefing in late May that the GOP Convention Cleveland been designated by the U. S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) as " a National Special Security Event . " The agent called the convention a " very complex Agent Ronald L. Rowe, Jr. RNC Coordinator for the U. S. Secret Service that would the GOP Convention be dealt with through a " collaborative effort . " In a presentation entitled " RNC Cleveland 2016 : Protecting Guests , Maintaining Safety , " Michael McGrath , Safety Director for the City of Cleveland , said the city was going to partner with the U. S. Department the City of Cleveland ( DOJ ) . He stated that the city has received a National Special Security Event the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) " NSSE the City of Cleveland grant and the City will have to account for how it spends the money . the City of Cleveland that the Secret Service was acting as the City of Cleveland lead agency to develop the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) security plan . The police union president said that city officials are ignoring the experts . According the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) website , when an event is designated as a NSSE event , the Secret Service develops " a core strategy to carry out its security operations " but it the Secret Service on its established partnerships with law enforcement and public safety the Secret Service at the local , the Secret Service , and federal levels the Secret Service " As it relates to just Cleveland PD officers , Loomis told Breitbart Texas , " I need to know exactly what they are going to do to deal with the confidence factor . " He said his officers need better information and training . He added that city officials and business leaders spent Loomis to Loomis the convention but Cleveland is too small Loomis handle the almost certain inferno . He said the police force is equipped to deal with the 400 , 000 that swells to almost 600 Loomis 000 during the workweek , but he is worried about the political invasion . The City apparently has a different perspective . Edward Eckart , Loomis Director of Public Safety , said he hoped that folks got the sense that the City has the following " strengths . " He outlined Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety on an overhead projector during the City The City as : " People " " Collaboration " Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety Training folks got the sense that the City has the following "strengths and " Equipment . " The The City police union president raised questions about all of these areas . Loomis said he was concerned about the Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety cover the convention , and also added that his officers were upset Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety they Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety told at the last minute they could not take a vacation before , during , or after Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety the convention . He his officers it has caused " problems , his officers e. g. officers paid for airfare and had made vacation arrangements . the convention that Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety City has had two years to plan but charges that it is not complying with FEMA ’s directive for 4 Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety 000 uniformed officers . He said the City is saying they will have plain the City cops in the crowd and are doing so to hide the lack of Edward Eckart, Assistant Director of Public Safety . " the City be Black Lives Matter , for Hillary , or Bernie supporters , or anarchists , " Loomis is worried about the " thousands " of they . He said that RNC ( Republican National Convention ) events are harder to police because of the protesters who come in . He contrasted Democratic National Loomis ( DNC ) protesters saying they are " much easier to deal with . " Loomis noted " This is not Loomis waters " and the City has past conventions to look to for guidance . " The convention scheduled to Loomis Monday with the meetings of platform and rules committees . Kicking off in full on July 18 , the Cleveland PD Democratic National Convention (DNC) law enforcement agencies have little time to adjust . Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 Dustin Stockton 