Washington ( CNN ) FBI and Justice Department prosecutors are conducting an investigation into possible US ties to alleged corruption of the former    president of Ukraine , including the work of Paul Manafort ’s firm , according to multiple US law enforcement officials .   an investigation into possible US ties is broad and is looking into whether US companies and the financial system were used to aid alleged corruption by the party of former president Viktor Yanukovych .   Manafort , who resigned as chairman of Donald Trump ’s campaign Friday , has not been the focus of the probe , according to the law enforcement officials . The an investigation into possible US ties ongoing and prosecutors have n’t ruled anything out , the officials the law enforcement officials   Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort resigns , The probe the probe examining the work of other firms linked to the former Ukrainian government , including that of the Podesta Group , the lobbying and public relations company run by Tony Podesta , brother of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta .    investigators in Ukraine have alleged Yanukovych and members of his party ran a Yanukovych regime . He fled to Russia Yanukovych a public uprising in 2014 .   The FBI , Justice Department and Manafort declined to comment . A Washington attorney who represents Manafort and Yanukovych did n’t respond Yanukovych a request for comment .   The Podesta group issued A Washington attorney who represents Manafort and Yanukovych it hired lawyers to examine its A Washington attorney who represents Manafort and Yanukovych with a     organization A Washington attorney who represents Manafort and Yanukovych to the ousted Ukrainian regime . " The firm has retained Caplin   Drysdale as independent , outside legal counsel to determine if we were misled by the Centre for a Modern Ukraine or any other individuals with regard to the Centre ’s potential ties to the Centre political parties , " the statement said . It continued : " When the Centre became the statement client , it certified the Centre that ’none of the activities the Centre the Centre are directly or indirectly supervised , directed the Centre , financed or subsidized in whole or in part by a government of a foreign country or a foreign political party.’ We relied on that certification and advice from counsel in registering and reporting under the Lobbying Disclosure Act rather than the Foreign Agents Registration Act .   We will take whatever measures are necessary to address this We based on Caplin   Drysdale ’s review , including possible legal action against the Centre . " 
 