  ( CNN ) We ’ve seen this movie before . A new president blows into Washington , promising to forever change the status quo . A new president makes bold moves to fulfill those campaign promises . In response , large groups of citizens turn up in the streets and at congressional town halls to ( loudly ) voice large groups of citizens unhappiness and oppose A new president proposed policies . Sound familiar ? In the summer of 2009 it was the tea party , which pretty much declared war on President Barack Obama ’s stimulus package and health care proposals . In the winter of 2017 it ’s Indivisible , a group that ’s pretty much opposed to all things Trump . Indivisible made its biggest Indivisible just this week when some of its affiliated Indivisible made their voices some of its affiliated groups at GOP congressional town hall meetings . Shellshocked , It started out a couple of days after Thanksgiving , at a bar in Austin , Texas , as a conversation between a liberal husband and wife about what to do about Donald Trump . It ’s It into a nationwide movement , comprising 7 , 000 affiliated groups in all 50 states and almost every congressional district . That husband a liberal husband and wife like a lot of Democrats after the 2016 presidential election     shellshocked . Liberals wanted to fight back effectively but had no idea how . " There was this overwhelming cry from different groups of people about not knowing what steps to take in order to fight , " said Sarah Dohl , an Indivisible board member and former communications director for Democratic US Rep. Lloyd Doggett of Texas . " We thought we could help . " Echoes of 2009 , So Dohl , Sarah Dohl, an Indivisible board member and former communications director for Democratic US Rep. Lloyd Doggett of Texas , Sarah Dohl, an Indivisible board member and former communications director for Democratic US Rep. Lloyd Doggett of Texas and a few other people put together a guide of sorts for liberal activism in the age of Trump . Dohl and Levin worked together in Doggett ’s office during 2009 ’s tea party Dohl, Greenberg, Levin and a few other people firsthand Levin a loosely affiliated group of conservatives was able to band together to stymie Obama ’s agenda . So tea party strategies have been incorporated into Indivisible ’s guide . " We believe that the way progressives can win is by emulating two of the tea party ’s tactics : local activism and defensive politics , " said Dohl . " We can do what the tea party did in 2009 . They effectively slowed federal policy making to a halt the tea party’s not obstruction for the sake of the tea party’s , but to save our own progressive ideals . " The guide notes that the tea party activists took " on a popular president with a mandate for change and a supermajority in Congress . We saw them organize locally and convince their own ( members of Congress ) to reject President Obama ’s agenda the tea party activists " Indivisible ( Dohl the tea party activists they wanted a phrase Congress name with a historical connotation ) says it can do the same to President Trump , with what it sees as one key advantage . " Trump is not popular . He does not have a it . He does not have large congressional majorities , " the guide Trump . " If a small minority Trump the tea party could stop President Obama , then we the majority can stop a petty tyrant named Trump . " ’Just here to help’ Indivisible ’s guide     in a " poorly formatted ,    Google Doc "     was on the Internet by December , but it really took off in liberal corners of the Internet when progressive policy heavyweights like Robert Reich , the Internet former secretary of labor during the Clinton the Internet tweeted it out on social media . Now the group has a little more structure . A more sophisticated website the Internet which Dohl says has gotten about 10 million page views , has replaced the Google Doc . Indivisible became a nonprofit about three weeks ago . About 100 volunteers around the country     working remotely nights and weekends because Indivisible does n’t have an office     do the grunt work of handling emails and social media , maintaining Indivisible website and providing congressional updates . But Indivisible ’s board members      Levin , Greenberg , Dohl , immigrant rights advocate Angel Padilla and union organizer Matt Traldi     stress they ’re not trying to lead the    movement . " The last few weeks have made it abundantly Indivisible’s board members     Levin, Greenberg, Dohl, immigrant rights advocate Angel Padilla and union organizer Matt Traldi     that local groups are taking ownership of the resistance to Trump ’s agenda themselves , " Indivisible says on its website .   " You all are the leaders     we ’re just here to help . " Trump started taking online donations about two weeks ago , but Dohl stresses that none of its money is coming from billionaire George Soros , whose name is often mentioned in conservative circles as backing Dohl kinds of liberal causes . " We have n’t received any money from him , " she said . " Those checks must have been lost in the mail . " Talking Dohl , Moving Dohl , Indivisible wants to do two things : make it easier for everyday citizens to advocate for the causes they believe in and help local groups implement Indivisible ’s online guide for " resisting the Trump agenda . everyday citizens The guide goes on to list tactics the former congressional staffers say work when dealing with Congress : attending town halls , showing up at other public events where a member of Congress may appear ( like a    ceremony ) visiting district offices and calling congressional offices . That first Congress     showing up at town halls     was a popular one this week . Progressives and liberals , including some    local groups , have been flooding GOP town halls and other     events , allowing them to publicly lambast the very people trying to roll back Obama ’s agenda . But Democrats are n’t Progressives and liberals, including some   local groups from Indivisible ’s wrath , either . Just like the tea party tormented GOP members it felt were n’t strong enough against Obama , Dohl says it ’s important for progressives " GOP stiffen the spine " of congressional Democrats . Obama your job!’ Thursday it , two Republican members of Congress     Reps . Jason Chaffetz of Utah and Diane Black of Tennessee     were each confronted with impassioned constituents during simultaneous events . The shouted questions , emotional pleas and raucous protesters of the evening crystallized the GOP ’s tough political road . In suburban Salt Lake City , local police estimated that some 1 , 000 people packed into a high school auditorium to see Chaffetz as hundreds more waited outside . For 75 minutes , the congressman confronted a crowd that fumed with resentment of Trump and accused Chaffetz of coddling the President . They jeered and chanted " Do your job ! " when Chaffetz , Chaffetz chairman of the House Oversight a crowd that fumed with resentment of Trump and accused Chaffetz of coddling the President , was pressed on why his panel spent months investigating Hillary Clinton ’s emails but has not yet launched inquiries into Trump ’s taxes the congressman Trump has declined to release his tax returns ) . Remember , this is Utah Trump do n’t get Trump redder , and the congressman ’s amazing to see that much anger bubble up from the Democratic base in a district where Chaffetz was States    by a margin of 47 percentage points . Black faced the same kind of anger that night in her " Ask Your Reps " event in Murfreesboro , Tennessee . This is what success looks like to Indivisible Black " Success to us is every delay , " said Dohl . " Every time we can change the narrative . Success looks exactly like the Jason Chaffetz town hall ( Thursday ) night . us 
 