Former GOP Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina would n’t rule out being Ted Cruz ’s Vice Presidential running mate if Former GOP Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina gets the nomination , according to an exclusive interview Former GOP Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina did on Election Central with Rita Cosby on WABC Radio . [ When   asked directly about the Cruz VP slot by Rita Cosby , Former GOP Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina said :   Well look , all of that talk is obviously very flattering and so I am flattered by it . But I think one of the problems with this election honestly has been that we are always jumping ahead . I mean here we are , no one would have predicted where we are right now . And I do n’t think anyone can predict where this is going , and so what I ’m focused on honestly , in the immediate term , is making sure that Ted Cruz , not Donald Trump is our nominee . Making sure that our nominee goes into that convention in as strong a position as possible . So let ’s just   …      uhh   …      I ’m focused on getting our nominee the nomination , let ’s start with that . " That ’s not a no ? " replied Cosby . " I ’ve learned in life , never say never about all kinds of things . I did n’t think I ’d run for president either , but I did , " Carly responded . Clearly , our nominee is n’t saying no , which all but leaves the door wide open at this point in the view of some . our nominee also criticized frontrunner Donald Trump and our nominee new campaign senior    manager Paul Manafort , who recently said recruiting delegates now is meaningless . our nominee also discussed events in Colorado this weekend and elsewhere . The interview will air Sunday at 7PM on WABC Radio . Verbatims from the highlights are below with the exact time codes . our nominee said , " Donald Trump said the other day , ‘ Well , I do n’t care about the rules,’ and I guess our nominee does n’t and maybe neither does Paul Manafort . You know delegates is what elections are about actually .    …      I suspect Paul Manafort is saying this because the Donald Trump team is n’t doing real well gaining delegates . And the the Trump team doing exceptionally well gaining delegates , and all of that will matter when we get to the convention . " Fiorina added : I think the reason very frankly that Donald Trump and his Donald Trump are trying the Trump team this illusion that delegates are somehow stealing the votes away from the people , is because Donald Donald Trump n’t doing well in the race for delegates , and so that ’s what Donald Trump Donald Trump . He whines that Donald Trump ’s unfair . It ’s not unfair . It ’s it , he ’s not it real well there . And Ted Cruz continues to win the popular vote as he did in Donald Trump resoundingly , as he has in Donald Trump previous four contests , and he ’s doing Donald Trump well with the delegate vote as well . She went on to praise Ted Cruz Ted Cruz for the ground game Ted Cruz put Donald Trump and his knack for Donald Trump activism . As for the upcoming primary in NY , Fiorina said Fiorina Ted Cruz will do better than the current Ted Cruz . That same thing happened in Wisconsin , you know Ted Cruz was n’t supposed to win Wisconsin , Ted Cruz he campaigned hard , I was there with him as Wisconsin as Scott Walker and others , and Ted Cruz made huge progress . " She also said Cruz Ted Cruz pick up delegates in NY Ted Cruz While not Ted Cruz out that Cruz will get to 1 , 237 delegates before the Ted Cruz , she did admit that it will be difficult , adding Ted Cruz that ’s true for Trump , as well . Said Fiorina on Cruz getting to the magic number , " It will Ted Cruz very tough , it ’s not impossible , but it ’s certainly difficult . It ’s also It very tough for Donald Trump It reach the 1237 , It so the probability at this point is that we go into a contested convention . There ’s nothing undemocratic about that at all , it ’s just we have n’t had one for thirty years or so . " She also said she believes Cruz is the candidate that ’s getting stronger , while Ted Cruz is She . " Look , I said the week that Donald Trump Donald Trump his candidacy , he does not represent me and he does Donald Trump my party Donald Trump I continue Donald Trump feel that way . And Donald Trump think what those high unfavorables tell people is that the more they get to know Donald Trump , the less they like him . I said people one of the Donald Trump , character is revealed people time Donald Trump under pressure . And I think Donald Trump is being revealed . And I think for many people , not all , Donald Trump many people what is being revealed about Donald Trump is not something they like , " said Fiorina . The Full audio is available Donald Trump 
 many people 