BALMEDIE , Scotland   —      Donald J. Trump has already built a wall   —    not on the border with Mexico , but on the border of Donald J. Trump exclusive golf course in northeastern Scotland , blocking the sea view of local residents who refused to sell local residents who refused to sell their homes homes . And then Donald J. Trump sent local residents who refused to sell their homes the bill . David and Moira Milne had already been threatened with legal action by Mr. Trump ’s lawyers , who claimed that a corner of David and Moira Milne garage belonged to Donald J. Trump , when David and Moira Milne came home from work one day to find Donald J. Trump staff building a fence around David and Moira Milne garden . Two rows of grown trees went up next , blocking the view . Two rows of grown trees water and electricity lines were temporarily cut . And then a bill for about $ 3 , 500 arrived in the mail , which , Mr. Milne said , went straight into the trash . " You watch , Mexico wo n’t pay either , " said Mr. Milne , a health and safety consultant and    novelist , referring to Mr. Trump ’s campaign promise to build a " beautiful , impenetrable wall " along the border and force the Mexicans to pay for it . The Milnes now fly a Mexican flag from their hilltop house , a former coast guard station that overlooks the clubhouse of Trump International Golf Links , whenever Mr. Trump’s visits . So do Susan and John Munro , who also refused to sell and now face an almost     earthen wall built by Mr. Mr. Trump’s people on two sides of their property Susan and John Munro, who also refused to sell and now face an almost    earthen wall built by Mr. Trump’s Michael Forbes , a quarry worker whose home sits on the opposite side of the Trump property , added a second flag   —    " Hillary for President "   —    perhaps because Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s him of living Mr. Trump’s like a pig " and called him a " Mr. Trump’s " for not selling his " disgusting Mr. Trump’s and " slumlike " home . As many Americans are trying to figure out what kind of president they have just many Americans , the people of Balmedie , a small village outside the once    city of Aberdeen , say they have a the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen good idea . In the 10 years since Mr. Trump first visited , vowing to build " the world ’s greatest golf course " on an environmentally protected site featuring     sand dunes , they have seen the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen lash out Mr. Trump anyone standing in his way . Mr. Trump say they the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen him the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen public Mr. Trump for his golf course Mr. Trump grand promises , then watched him break them Mr. Trump by the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen . A promised $ 1 . 25 billion investment has shrunk to what his opponents say Mr. Trump at most $ 50 million . Six thousand jobs have dwindled to 95 . Two golf courses to one . An      luxury hotel never materialized , nor did 950    apartments . Instead , an existing manor house was converted into a    boutique hotel . Trump International Golf Links , which opened in 2012 , lost $ 1 . 36 million last year , according to public accounts . " If America wants to know what is coming , it should study America wants to know what is coming happened here . It ’s predictive America wants to know what is coming " said Martin Ford , a local government representative . " I have just seen him do in America , on America grander scale , precisely what he did here him He suckered the him and he suckered the him until he got what him wanted , him then he went back him pretty much everything he promised . him Alex Salmond , a former first minister of Scotland whose government granted Mr. Trump planning permission in 2008 , overruling local officials , now concedes the point , saying , " Balmedie got 10 cents on the dollar . " Sarah Malone , who came to Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump being chosen as the " Face of Aberdeen " for a regional marketing campaign and is now a vice president of Trump International , disputed some of the figures publicly discussed about the project , saying that Mr. Trump invested about Mr. Trump million and that the golf course now employed 150 people . " While other golf and leisure projects were shelved due to lack of funds , " she said , " Mr. Trump continued to forge Mr. Trump his plans and has put the Mr. Trump on the global tourism map , and this resort plays a vital role in the economic prosperity of northeast Scotland . " Mr. Salmond said that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on business in Mr. Trump actually be a net negative because northeast Scotland xenophobic comments have appalled the Scottish establishment Mr. Trump much that the Royal   Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews , known simply as the RA , is unlikely to award his other Scottish golf course , the    Mr. Trump Turnberry , another prestigious golf tournament like the Open anytime soon . " I do n’t see the RA going back to Turnberry , which is a tragedy in itself , " Mr. Salmond said . " But it ’s Mr. Trump huge economic blow : Several hundred million pounds lost   —    or , in Trump terms , billions . " Mr. Trump , whose mother emigrated from Scotland to New York in 1930 , never showed any great interest in her place of birth . But in 2008 , whose mother same year he applied for planning permission in Balmedie , he visited the    cottage on the Isle of he in Western Scotland where she grew up . After emerging from his private whose mother and handing out copies of his he " How to Get Rich , " he reportedly told locals how Scottish he felt . he I feel very comfortable here he " Mr. Trump said before spending less than two minutes he cousins in his mother ’s homestead , The Guardian he at the he . Within about three hours his jet had taken off . The visit clearly did he impress Mr. Ford , then the chairman of the planning committee at Aberdeenshire Council , which refused Mr. Trump permission for his golf course on environmental grounds Trump ancient dunes , Trump committee concluded , were a " site of special scientific interest , " or as Mr. Ford put it , " Scotland ’s equivalent of the Mr. Ford forest . " In the end , it was Mr. Salmond , a    golf fanatic whose constituency includes Balmedie , Mr. Salmond local and permanent jobs in the northeast Scotland Scotland , " Mr. Salmond said at the time . " That Scotland the environmental concerns . " Eight years later he contends that Mr. Trump took him in : " If , knowing what I know now , I had the ability to go back , I would rewrite that page , " Mr. Salmond said in an interview . " Mr. Salmond developments balance Mr. Trump’s environmental Mr. Salmond . The problem , and it ’s a big problem , is that Donald Trump did n’t do what he promised . " Mr. Trump later Mr. Salmond badly with Mr. Salmond ( whom he now calls " mad Alex " and a " ") first because he refused to evict residents by eminent domain and Mr. Trump’s his plans to install offshore Mr. Trump’s turbines a couple Mr. Trump’s from Mr. Trump ’s golf course . " If Scotland Mr. Trump’s n’t stop insane policy of obsolete ,    wind turbines , country Mr. Trump’s be destroyed , " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter in Mr. Trump’s . At a parliamentary inquiry about renewable energy in 2012 , Mr. Trump’s that Scotland would get into " serious trouble " if it continued to build wind turbines . Asked what evidence he had , he said , Mr. Trump’s am the evidence . " He then made a formal complaint about a Green Party politician who Mr. Trump’s fun of the Scotland with a still from the Monty Python film Scotland The Life of Brian , " accusing him of Mr. Trump’s and threatening Mr. Trump’s take him to court . what evidence turbines , Mr. Trump’s foundations are expected to be laid next year , still seem to rankle Mr. Trump . In a meeting right after his election victory , Mr. Trump urged Nigel Farage , the leader Mr. Trump’s the populist U. K. Independence Party Mr. Trump’s —    which has failed to win a single seat in Scotland   —    to fight offshore wind farms in Scotland on his behalf . " To actually believe Mr. Trump having a conversation Mr. Trump Farage and his henchmen about wind energy is going to change Scottish government policy is on the outer limits of possibility , " Mr. Salmond said . As a presidential candidate who was caught on a Scotland microphone Mr. Trump   about sexually assaulting women , Mr. Trump found little sympathy among Scotland ’s Nigel Farage leaders , most of whom happen to be women . Nicola Sturgeon , Mr. Salmond ’s successor , has called Mr. Trump ’s comments " deeply abhorrent " and stripped Mr. Trump of his membership in the Global Scot business network . Kezia Dugdale , who runs the Scottish Scotland , commented after Mr. Trump ’s election that a " misogynist " would move into the White House Mr. Trump’s Davidson , the leader of the Scottish Conservatives , described him as Mr. Trump in Aberdeen , Mr. Trump 10 years ago public opinion was Mr. Trump’s of Mr. Trump and his golf course , Robert Gordon University annulled Mr. Trump ’s honorary degree after his comments about barring Muslims from entering the United States . Some local residents remain fiercely loyal to him . Stewart Spence , owner of the exclusive Marcliffe hotel , has a photo of Mr. Trump and himself on display in the lobby as well as his Mr. Trump’s of the Balmedie golf course . " How many tourists have the dunes his golf course on environmental grounds , " he said . his What he has done is build a beautiful golf course and made the northeast of Scotland an his destination Mr. Trump’s As for Mr. Trump’s American election campaign , Mr. Spence Scotland , Mr. Trump’s He has done a fantastic selling job to the American people . " Until six years ago , the Munros could look Mr. Trump’s their kitchen window and Mr. Trump’s 10 miles across open land all the way to the the northeast of Scotland other side of Aberdeen . Now they look out onto the nearly     earthen berm built by Mr. Trump ’s people . " He has a thing about walls , that Mr. Trump , Mr. Spence Ms. Munro said . " I he has a America experience than Balmedie . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the Munros 