Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama , heading toward the exit , is working to punctuate his record on race . his told Trevor Noah on " The Daily Show " that the country has " by no means overcome the legacies of slavery and Jim Crow and colonialism and racism . " Speaking to    Coates for an Atlantic magazine cover , Obama said Obama " never doubted . .. my ability to get white support " during Obama two presidential campaigns . And talking with CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria , Fareed Zakaria alleged some of Fareed Zakaria opponents were " absolutely " feeding off bias . Preparing to depart office , Obama is undergoing a farewell tour of interviews , many focused on Obama experience and legacy as the nation ’s first    president . It ’s a topic Obama ’s grown more comfortable discussing candidly as Obama term winds to a close . And It ’s one that ’s only gained more prominence since Donald Trump     who flamed the racially tinged birther theory     was elected President . Obama hopes to provide a positive summation of Obama time in office while acknowledging    racial tension was never going to be resolved by Obama historic election . his historic election ’s not the only area Obama ’s looking to tie up before Obama departs in January . Obama delivered a final assessment of Obama foreign policy during a visit to the Florida headquarters of US Special Command last week . And officials say a formal farewell speech is likely when Obama returns from Obama winter vacation in Hawaii next month . But in Obama recent interviews     lengthier than Obama normal Obama has focused more heavily on race , an issue that was always going to feature prominently in Obama legacy . On " The Daily Show , " Obama Obama to explain how he Obama publicly about the an issue that was always going to feature prominently in his legacy balancing a need to delve honestly into problems without inflaming tensions . " If I ’m communicating my genuine belief that those who are not subject to racism can sometimes have blind spots or lack appreciation of what it feels to be on the receiving end of that . .. I always felt that if I really knew that and I just communicated it as clearly as I could , that I ’d be OK , " he said . That approach has n’t always pleased black activists and leaders , some venting frustration Obama was n’t saying enough to support their point black activists and leaders view . Some prominent    even accused Obama of Obama overly harsh in his assessments Obama why their communities were lagging behind in graduation rates and unemployment . And he ’s Obama rebuffed , at times , by members of the Black Lives Matter movement that sprung from repeated incidents of police brutality that transpired while he was Obama . " That sort of lack of awareness on the part of an activist about the constraints of our political system and the constraints on this office , I think , sometimes would leave me to mutter under my breath . Very rarely did I lose it publicly . Usually I ’d just smile , " Obama told Coates , who himself has been critical of some of the President ’s approaches on racial issues . " The reason I say that is because those are the times where sometimes you feel actually a little bit hurt , " Obama said Obama a rare admission of how personal some of the criticism directed toward him became himself For Obama , Obama of race are inherently personal in ways that they were issues of race for his predecessors Obama He entered Obama confronting outsized expectations for advancing racial progress but also , in the eyes of certain allies , a strain of inherent racial bias against his agenda Obama " I think there ’s a reason why attitudes about my presidency among whites in Northern states are very different from whites in Southern states , " Obama told Zakaria in a CNN special report . " Are there folks whose primary concern about me has Zakaria that I seem foreign , the other ? Are those who champion the ’birther’ movement feeding off of bias ? Absolutely . " In his attempts to push the country toward greater equality , it ’s the country Obama ’s Obama     his story and his success     his ’s held the most impact . At the White House Wednesday , the young man who introduced Obama at a Obama summit , Malachi Hernandez , said Obama had inspired Obama after a the young man who introduced Obama at a mentorship summit, Malachi Hernandez meeting last year to reconnect with his own father the young man who introduced Obama at a mentorship summit, Malachi Hernandez Standing in front of seven participants in his My Brother the young man who introduced Obama at a mentorship summit, Malachi Hernandez Keeper program , Obama emphasized again Obama issues of racial disparity were personal for him . " the young man who introduced Obama at a mentorship summit, Malachi Hernandez see myself in these Brother’s people , " Obama said in Obama remarks . Brother’s I grew up without a father . There were times when I made poor choices , times where I was adrift . The only difference between me and a lot of other young men is that I grew up in a forgiving environment . " 
 