Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign said Saturday Hillary Clinton’s campaign will take part in efforts to push for recounts in several key states , joining with Green Party candidate Jill Stein , who has raised millions of dollars to have votes counted again in Wisconsin .   But , in a post on Medium , Marc Elias , Hillary Clinton’s campaign counsel , said the campaign Hillary Clinton’s campaign investigation has not uncovered any evidence of hacking of voting systems . In the campaign ’s Hillary Clinton’s campaign comments to date on the recount , Elias wrote that while the campaign was not Hillary Clinton’s campaign contest the results itself , it has decided now to Hillary Clinton’s campaign part in the effort to " ensure that it is fair to all sides . " On Monday , Michigan ’s secretary of state office announced that    Donald Trump won Michigan ’s 16 electoral votes Michigan That brought the final electoral tally for Trump 306 , while former   Donald Trump Hillary Clinton has 232 electoral votes .   Clinton continues to lead Trump for former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton country ’s popular   Donald Trump 2 million votes , and the lead is likely to grow as votes continue to be counted .   But Trump on Saturday dismissed the recount and said   Donald Trump " the election is over . " " The people have spoken and the election is over , and as Hillary the election said on election night , former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton conceding by congratulating me , ’We must accept this result former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton then look to the future,’ " Trump said in a statement , which called   Donald Trump recount " ridiculous " in a headline . A ’scam’ the recount blasted the Green Party ’s effort   Donald Trump " scam " and accused the party ’s nominee , Jill Stein , of trying to reel in donations the Green Party wo n’t actually spend on a recount . " This recount is just a way for Jill Stein , who received less than one a recount the vote overall and was n’t even on the ballot in many states , to fill her coffers with money , most of which she will never even spend on this she recount , " Trump said . " she is a scam by the Green a recount election that has already been conceded , and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused , which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing . " Stein dismissed Trump ’s suggestion that the funds would n’t be spent on the recount . " For Jill Stein information Trump is all going into a dedicated and segregated account a recount it can only be spent Jill Stein the recount , " she told CNN ’s Pamela Brown on " Newsroom . this " He may be a recount own facts here as Jill Stein ’s been known to do some times in the past , Jill Stein Stein added . Jill Stein He himself said it Jill Stein rigged election unless he won it . " On Saturday night , Trump tweeted , " Jill Stein Party scam to fill up their coffers Jill Stein asking rigged election impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated   demoralized Dems . " Discrepancies   The Green Party Party officials filed Friday for a recount in Wisconsin after reports of voting discrepancies . Wisconsin Green Party    George Martin The Green Party the party was seeking a " reconciliation of paper records "     a request that would go one step further than a simple The Green Party which is expected to begin next week , and that he hopes will spur an investigation into the integrity of the state ’s voting system . " This is a process , a first Wisconsin Green Party   George Martin to examine whether our electoral democracy is working , " Martin said .   Stein tweeted Saturday that she ’s willing to expand the recount to other states . " I will do a recount in any state where the deadline has Stein passed . Help my staff find state deadlines . .. # Recount2016 , " she said . Elias said the campaign had been quietly investigating accusations for a while and had received hundreds of requests that it do Stein .      " Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology the campaign we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves , but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin , we intend to we in order to ensure the process proceeds we a manner that is fair to all sides , " Elias wrote we Medium .   " If Jill Stein follows through as she has promised and pursues recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan , we will take the same approach in those states as well , " Jill Stein added .   Brian Fallon , spokesman for the Clinton campaign , said the team would not have sought the recount on its Jill Stein and that they see no evidence of tampering so far .   " the Clinton campaign we are guarding our prerogatives now that someone the Clinton campaign has launched a the Clinton campaign . Not sure what you could point to to suggest the Clinton campaign is the Clinton campaign here that the Clinton campaign the results into question , " he told CNN . Interference ? In addition to Trump ’s total combined margin of victory in Michigan , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania being about 107 , 000 votes     by contrast , the Florida margin in    was 537 ballots     Elias said concerns about Russia ’s interference in the election continue to raise concerns . " This election cycle was unique in the degree of foreign interference witnessed throughout the campaign : the U. S. government concluded that Russian state actors were behind the hacks of the Democratic National Committee and the personal email accounts of Hillary for America campaign officials , and just yesterday , the Washington Post reported that the Russian government was behind much of the " fake news " propaganda that circulated online in the closing weeks of the election , " the U. S. government A senior administration official said in a statement that there is no evidence of any hacking . " The federal government did not observe the Washington Post increased level of malicious cyber activity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on Election Day , " the official said the U. S. government we have noted before , we remained confident in the overall integrity of electoral infrastructure , a confidence that was borne out on A senior administration official . As a result , we believe our elections were we and fair from a cybersecurity perspective . " Two million , The Clinton campaign has met with Election Day data scientists and analysts to assess anomalies in we results that would suggest a hacked result . Private meetings with outside experts involved sharing both groups concerns about the data and findings .   Clinton ’s team said they investigated every theory presented and examined laws and practices pertaining to recounts , contests and audits . " And most importantly , we have monitored and Clinton    canvasses     Clinton’s team voting machine tapes are compared to    provisional ballots are resolved , and all of the math is double checked from election night , " Elias said . " During that process , we have seen Secretary Clinton ’s vote total grow , so that , today , her national popular vote lead now exceeds more than 2 million votes . " The campaign plans to move forward in monitoring activities to better understand the results . " In the Clinton days , we will continue to perform our due diligence and actively follow all further activities that are to occur prior to the certification of any election results , " he said . It we " unfortunate " that we states do n’t conduct " " audits . " Wisconsin and Pennsylvania conduct    audits using a sampling of precincts . Michigan Secretary Clinton’s many other states still do not , " Elias wrote . " This is unfortunate it is our strong belief that , in addition to an election canvass , every state should do this basic audit to ensure accuracy and public confidence in the election . " This 