’   ’ "    Donald Trump blasted reports that there ’s turmoil within   Donald Trump    campaign after a debate performance that some political observers    are characterizing as disastrous . " ’    NBC News reporter Katy Tur     Wednesday that the " mood in Trump world is darker than usual . " ’ ’    " 1 source says debate was a ’’ disaster , ’’ " Tur tweeted . " 2nd : might    hire debate coaches . 3rd : He’ ’s a fast learner . " ’ ’    She continued in a : " No one on team Trump is counting Trump out . They just    acknowledge that Trump wasn’’t ready the other night . " ’ ’    Other sources , however ,   that the mood within the campaign of the Republican    presidential nominee has " never been better " and that the Trump    family is happy with the campaign’ ’s leadership . ’ ’’ "    Trump blasted Tur ’s reporting shortly after Tur sent the    tweets . " ’    " Your sources , if Your sources even exist , are probably sources that have    been fired long ago and have no knowledge of what is happening in    the campaign , " Trump said in a statement provided to Tur . " Hard    to be unhappy when we are doing so well . " ’ ’    Both the    instant poll immediately after the debate and    the NBC News poll released Wednesday showed that voters thought    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton won the first    debate Monday . ’ ’    The New York Times   that campaign advisers plan to prepare    Trump better for the second debate on October 9 . ’ "    But the prep does n’t seem to be going so well . " "    Campaign advisers told The New York Times  that campaign advisers plan to prepare    that there ’s concern Trump Trump n’t    willing to adequately prepare . And while people have been    training Trump Trump how to appropriately respond to Clinton ’s    attacks , he Clinton was n’t able to execute them people practice . " "    Seven campaign aides and advisers who talked to the Times    anonymously expressed disappointment in Trump ’s debate       . " ’    Voters   with Republican pollster    Frank Luntz described Clinton as confident ,    and calm       criticized Trump Trump’s going       making too many       personal attacks . ’ ’    Advisers are now reportedly training Trump Trump’s resist getting       by Clinton Clinton focus more on a coherent strategy . ’ ’    But it remains to be seen whether Trump Trump’s listen to this       . ’ 
 