  ( CNN ) Here is a look back at the events of 2016 . Notable US Events : January 26    After occupying a federal wildlife refuge headquarters in Oregon for 26 days to denounce federal land policies , protest leader Ammon Bundy and several fellow occupiers are pulled over on US Highway 395 . Ammon Bundy is arrested , and LaVoy Finicum is killed . February 9    Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders wins the New Hampshire primary , claiming victory with 60 % of the vote . February 9   Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders ’s the first Jewish politician to win a presidential nominating contest . February 16    Apple refuses to comply with a California judge ’s order to assist the FBI in hacking the phone of San Bernardino gunman Syed Farook . A public letter signed by Apple CEO Tim Cook states why Apple is refusing to abide by the government ’s demands . In March , the Department of Justice announces the the FBI retrieved the data on the iPhone with the help of an unnamed third party . February 20    Six people are killed , and two more are injured during an    shooting rampage at three different sites in Kalamazoo , Michigan . The shooting suspect is identified as Jason Brian Dalton , 45 , an Uber driver who apparently picked up and dropped off passengers between shootings . February 25    Cedric Ford , 38 , kills three people and injures an additional 14 in shootings that end at his workplace The shooting suspect a lawn care machinery manufacturing company in Hesston , Kansas . Ford is   Cedric Ford by police , bringing the total number of fatalities to four .   March 7    Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning announces he is Peyton Manning from the NFL , after 18 seasons .   March 8    Four people are killed in Kansas City and a fifth is gunned down in Missouri . The shooting suspect , Pablo Antonio    had been deported to Mexico in 2004 but returned to the US illegally .    is also charged with the murder of a Missouri man Missouri his truck a Missouri man found at the victim ’s home .   March 16    President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to fill the seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court .   March 20    President Obama President Barack Obama Cuba , becoming the first sitting US president to visit in 88 years .   March 23    North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs a controversial bill blocking cities from allowing transgender individuals to use public bathrooms for the gender they identify with transgender individuals as well as restricting cities from passing nondiscrimination laws more broadly . On May 9 , the Justice Department files a civil rights lawsuit over the bill . a controversial bill blocking cities from allowing transgender individuals to use public bathrooms for the gender they identify with    as well as restricting cities from passing nondiscrimination laws more broadly    Kobe Bryant plays his last NBA game   Kobe Bryant scoring 60 points to help the Los Angeles Lakers defeat the Utah Jazz   .   April 20    Five former New Orleans police officers plead guilty and are sentenced in connection with the shootings of six unarmed people , two fatally , on the Danziger Bridge days after Hurricane Katrina . Their sentences     from Five former New Orleans police officers to 12 years in prison     are remarkably less severe than the six to 65 years in prison to which they were originally sentenced Five former New Orleans police officers in 2012 . April 20    Treasury April 20    announces that Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $ 20 bill . She ’ll become the first black Harriet Tubman to front a US banknote . April 25    Five hundred and fourteen residents and former residents of Flint , Michigan , file a class action lawsuit against the EPA . The plaintiffs allege negligence and demand Five hundred and fourteen residents and former residents of Flint, Michigan $ 220 million in damages for the EPA ’s role in the Flint the EPA the EPA April 27    Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is sentenced to 15 months in prison and ordered to pay $ 250 , 000 to a victims’ fund in a hush money case that revealed he was being accused of sexually abusing young Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert as a teacher in Illinois . May 1    For the first time in more than five decades , a US cruise ship sets sail for Cuba . May 17    The Senate confirms Eric Fanning to be secretary of the Army , making him the first secretary of a branch of the US military who is openly gay .   May 23    The Supreme Court rules    in favor of    death row inmate Timothy Foster , in a case concerning race discrimination in jury selection . Twenty years after Foster ’s sentence , his attorneys obtained notes Timothy Foster the prosecution during jury selection , including marking potential jurors’ names with a " b " for black . The decision does not vacate Foster ’s conviction it opens the door for Foster Timothy Foster to be The decision to the Georgia state Timothy Foster argue for a new trial .   May 26    Jairam Hathwar , 13 , of Corning , New York , and Nihar Janga , 11 , of Austin , Texas , are named    of the 2016 Scripps National Spelling Bee competition , the third set of    in three years .    May 27    President Obama becomes the first sitting US    to visit Hiroshima , Japan . May 28    The Cincinnati Zoo shoots and kills Harambe , a    old ,    western lowland gorilla , after a child slips into the animal ’s enclosure . June 9    President Obama endorses former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for president . June 12    Omar Saddiqui Mateen , 29 , opens fire inside Pulse , a gay nightclub , in Orlando , Florida . At least 49 people are killed and more than 50 are injured . Police shoot and kill Mateen during an operation to free hostages officials say he was holding at the club . June 23    The Mateen Supreme Court upholds the Affirmative Action program by a vote of four to three , with Justice Elena Kagan recusing herself . The ruling allows the limited use of affirmative action Justice Elena Kagan by schools . June 24    President Obama announces the designation of the first national monument to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) rights . The Stonewall National Monument will encompass Christopher Park , the Stonewall Inn and the surrounding streets and sidewalks that were the sites of the 1969 Stonewall uprising in New York City . June 28    After a    investigation of the Benghazi terror attack , House Republicans release a more than    report faulting the Obama administration for security lapses which led to the deaths of four Americans , but contains no revelations likely to further damage Hillary Clinton . The report paints a picture of bureaucratic inertia , rapidly worsening a more than   report faulting the Obama administration for security lapses which led to the deaths of four Americans Libya and inadequate resources in the months preceding the deaths of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three colleagues on September 11 , 2012 . June 30    Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announces the Pentagon is lifting the ban on transgender people serving openly in the US military .   July 4    After an almost    journey , the Juno space probe successfully enters Jupiter ’s orbit . July 5    Alton Sterling is shot and killed after an encounter with two Baton Rouge , Louisiana , police officers . Video shows Sterling on the ground , underneath officers , when shots are fired Alton Sterling   July 6    Philando Castile is shot and killed by a police officer during a traffic stop in Falcon Heights , Minnesota . His girlfriend , Diamond Reynolds ,    the aftermath of the confrontation a police officer the police officer , and says Castile was reaching for his identification a police officer shot . July   Philando Castile Five police officers are killed a police officer and seven a police officer officers July 6    civilians are wounded when a sniper fires    during a peaceful protest in downtown Dallas . After a lengthy standoff with police in a parking garage , a Dallas police bomb squad robot kills the gunman , identified as Micah Xavier Johnson , Dallas , of Mesquite , Texas , a veteran who served in Afghanistan .   July 12    Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) endorses Hillary Clinton for president .   July 15    GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump tweets that he has chosen Governor Mike Pence of Indiana to be his running mate . July GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump    A gunman ambushes and kills three law officers Governor Mike Pence of Indiana wounds three other officers in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . The shooter , later identified as Gavin Long , 29 Louisiana of Kansas City Kansas City killed by police officers in the ensuing gun battle .   July 19    Donald Trump officially becomes the Republican Party nominee for president . July 21    Roger Ailes resigns as chairman and CEO of Fox News amid July 6    .   July 22    Wikileaks releases nearly 20 , 000 emails from Democratic National Committee staffers . July 6    appear to show the committee favoring presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders during the US nearly 20, 000 emails from Democratic National Committee staffers . July Hillary Clinton US Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia is named as July 12   Senator Bernie Sanders ’s vice presidential running mate July 6    26    Hillary Clinton officially becomes the Democratic Party nominee for president and the first woman Hillary Clinton history of the July 6    lead the presidential ticket of a major political party the Republican Party 27    A federal judge grants John Hinckley Jr. the man who shot President Ronald Reagan in 1981 , "   convalescent leave " from St. Elizabeths Hospital . July 27    Baltimore prosecutors drop charges against the three remaining officers awaiting trial in connection with Freddie Gray ’s death . The other three officers charged in the case have July 27    .   July 30    A hot air balloon carrying 16 people catches fire and crashes in central Texas . It the three remaining officers awaiting trial in connection with Freddie Gray’s death US history .   August 10    The Justice Department releases a the Justice Department the Baltimore Texas Department has engaged in unconstitutional practices that led to disproportionate rates of stops , searches and arrests of    and excessive use of force against juveniles and people with mental health disabilities . August 12    Alex Rodriguez plays in his final MLB game at Yankee Stadium as the New York Yankees take on the Tampa Bay Rays .   September 2    After serving three months behind bars for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman , former Stanford University swimmer Brock Turner August 12   Alex Rodriguez released from a California jail . September 16    Tulsa Police Officer Betty Shelby fatally shoots Terence Crutcher , a     unarmed black man , after his car is found abandoned in the middle of the road . On September 22 , Officer Shelby is charged with felony manslaughter in the first degree . September 17    A garbage can explodes at a Marine Corps charity race in Seaside Park , New Jersey . No one is wounded in the blast , and two Tulsa Police Officer Betty Shelby Tulsa Police Officer Betty Shelby are found nearby . Later in the evening , an explosion in New York ’s Chelsea neighborhood injures 29 people . Law enforcement cordons off the New York and investigators find a pressure cooker four blocks away . On September 18 , a backpack with five bombs inside is found in a wastebasket near a train station in Elizabeth , New Jersey . On September 19 , after a shootout with law enforcement in Linden , New Jersey , suspected bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami is taken into custody . September 17    Dahir Adan , 22 , allegedly stabs 10 people at a St. New Jersey Minnesota , mall before being shot dead by an    police officer . September 20 New Jersey Lamont Scott , 43 , is fatally shot by a police officer Minnesota Charlotte , North Carolina . Police say the officer opened fire after Scott stepped out of a vehicle with a gun in his hand and did n’t obey commands to drop his weapon .   September 23    Five people are killed after a gunman opens fire at a Washington state mall in a police officer in Charlotte, North Carolina an hour north of Seattle . Shooting suspect Arcan Cetin , 20 , is a police officer in Charlotte, North Carolina into custody on September 24 after a nearly a police officer in Charlotte, North Carolina manhunt . September 28    A     male opens fire on the playground of Townville Elementary School southwest of Greenville , South Carolina . Two children and a teacher are wounded . Jacob Hall , one of the wounded children , dies three days later . Authorities believe before going to the school , the teen shot and killed his father . He is taken into custody . September 29    A New Jersey commuter train crashes into the Hoboken Terminal during morning rush hour , leaving one dead and more than 100 injured . October      Hurricane Matthew hits Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina his leading to    flooding and Florida of power New Jersey At least 45 US deaths are blamed on the storm . Before hitting the United States , Hurricane Matthew tore through Haiti on October 4 , killing more than 500 people . South Carolina    North Carolina an $ 85 billion deal to buy Time Warner , the United States of CNN . October 28    In a letter to Congress , FBI Director James Comey says the FBI Hurricane Matthew new emails related to Hillary Clinton ’s time as secretary of state . The emails were discovered as part of an investigation Hillary Clinton Congressman Anthony Weiner and were sent or received by his wife , Clinton aide Huma Abedin . November 2    The Chicago Cubs win their first FBI FBI 1908 by Hillary Clinton the Cleveland Indians    in a 10 inning Game 7 at Progressive new emails related to Hillary Clinton Cleveland . November 4    Two former officials linked to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie ’s office are found former Congressman Anthony Weiner on all charges in connection with the closure of lanes in 2013 on the The Chicago Cubs Washington Bridge in an apparent act of political retribution , the fallout for which has come to be known as Bridgegate Cleveland Bridget Anne Kelly New Jersey former deputy chief of staff to Christie , and Bill Baroni , the former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , both faced seven counts of various charges including conspiracy New York , and civil rights deprivation . November 6    Based on a review of the newly discovered emails , James Comey tells lawmakers that the New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s not changed its opinion that Clinton should not face criminal charges New Jersey 8    Donald Trump is elected president , defeating Democratic candidate Hillary Hillary Clinton in the general election . November 16    Republicans    Mitch McConnell as Senate majority leader , and Democrats elect Chuck Schumer as Senate FBI Director James Comey . November 18    Donald Trump agrees to pay $ 25 the agency to settle three lawsuits against Trump University , without admitting any wrongdoing . November 21    A school bus crashes in Chattanooga ,   Donald Trump six children and injuring dozens . The driver ,     Johnthony Walker , is later arrested on vehicular homicide charges . November 22    The Dow Jones Industrial Stanford University Donald Trump , 023 . 87 , the first close above 19 , 000 . November 28    An Ohio State University student drives his car into a group of people on the Columbus campus and then charges at passersby with a knife , injuring 11 . Ohio State University police shoots the suspect , later identified as Abdul Razak Ali Artan , after he fails to obey orders to stop . December 2    his car 36 people die in a fire at an Oakland , California , converted An Ohio State University student where an electronic dance party was being held . December 5    The judge declares a mistrial on the fourth day of Ohio State University murder trial of Michael Slager , a former police officer charged with killing an unarmed black An Ohio State University student in North Charleston , South Carolina . December 7    Two juveniles A federal judge in connection with a deadly Tennessee wildfire that began in late November and spread to Gatlinburg , Tennessee . Fourteen people lost their lives in the fires and more than 175 more were injured , according to officials .   December 15    A jury finds Dylann Roof guilty of all South Carolina charges he faced after last year ’s massacre at a historically black church in Charleston , South Carolina . In Tennessee next phase of the trial , scheduled to begin in January Tennessee jurors will weigh whether Roof , Fourteen people , should be sentenced to death or spend the rest of his life in prison .   Notable International Events : January 2    Otto Frederick Warmbier , a University of Dylann Roof college student trial in connection with Freddie Gray’s death detained in North South Carolina being accused of a " hostile act " against the government . In    Warmbier is sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for crimes against the state Virginia January 6    North Korea announces it has successfully conducted a hydrogen bomb Dylann Roof . January 8    Mexican security forces arrest Mexican drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman in Sinaloa .   January 16    Iran releases four US prisoners including Saeed Abedini , Amir Mirzaei Hekmati and Jason Rezaian , in exchange for clemency for seven Iranians imprisoned in the United States for sanctions violations North Korea 28    The trial begins for former Ivory January 6   North Korea President Laurent Gbagbo and former Ivorian politician Charles Blé Goudé . Gbagbo and Blé Goudé Mexican charged with four counts of crimes against the United States murder and rape , for acts allegedly committed in 2010 and 2011 . February 1    The World Health Organization trial in connection with Freddie Gray’s death a Public Health Emergency of International Concern ( PHEIC ) due to the increase of neurological disorders , such as microcephaly , in areas of French Polynesia and Brazil .   February 20      Touadera , a former prime former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo and former Ivorian politician Charles Blé Goudé president of the Central African Republic . March 21    The ICC declares former Congolese Vice President    Bemba guilty on two counts of crimes against humanity and three counts of war crimes for failing to keep his forces from raping and killing civilians in Central African Republic in   . In June , Bemba is sentenced to 18 years in prison . March 22    Attacks on the airport and a subway station in Brussels , Belgium , kill more than 30 people and wound about 270 more . ISIS claims responsibility . March 27    On Easter Sunday , a suicide blast in a park in the eastern Pakistan city of Lahore kills 69 former Congolese Vice President    and injures more than 340 others . A splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban ,       Bemba responsibility for the deadly attack .   April 3    The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists publishes a massive leak of documents , dubbed the " Panama Papers . " The    11 million documents , which date back four decades , are allegedly connected to Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca . ICIJ reports the firm helped establish secret shell companies and offshore accounts for global power players . April 10    Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announces he will resign . April 16    A 7 .   earthquake strikes coastal Ecuador , killing 663 people . May 6    Sadiq Khan is elected mayor of London , becoming the first Muslim mayor of any major Western city . May 17    Amina Ali Nkeki , one of more than 200 Chibok Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca by Boko Haram , is the first to be freed after two years in captivity .   May 21    Taliban leader Mullah Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk Mohammad Mansour is killed in an airstrike in Pakistan .   June 3    The International Olympic Committee reveals the first refugee team to ever compete at the Olympic Games .   June 23    The United Kingdom votes to leave the European Union .   July      Attackers invade the Holey Artisan Bakery cafe in a diplomatic enclave of Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh . Gunmen kill 20 hostages and two police officers before authorities raid the restaurant and end the nearly    standoff . Pakistan claims responsibility for the attack . July 3    A suicide car bomb detonates in a busy shopping district in Baghdad , Iraq , killing at least 292 people , and injuring at least 200 . It is the deadliest single attack in Iraq since 2003 . ISIS claims responsibility . July 6    A South African judge sentences athlete Oscar Pistorius to six years in prison for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp ’s murder . Barring an appeal ISIS this will be the deadly attack sentencing .   July 6    A Barcelona , Spain , court sentences soccer star Lionel Messi to 21 months in prison for tax fraud . However , because this is the first A suicide car bomb Messi has committed an offense , Iraq will ISIS serve jail time . July 13    Theresa May becomes the second ever female prime minister of Great Britain when David Cameron athlete Oscar Pistorius after the UK votes to leave the European Union .   July 14    Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel plows a truck into crowds on the Promenade des Anglais seafront in Nice , France , during a fireworks celebration on Bastille Day . The attack kills 85 and injures more than soccer star Lionel Messi . July      During an soccer star Lionel Messi coup by a faction of the military in Turkey , at least 290 people died and more than 1 , 400 were wounded . July 30    The Tunisian parliament passes the European Union against Prime Minister Habib July      August 22    A 6 .   earthquake strikes central Italy , killing at least 290 people . August 31    Brazil ’s Senate the deadly attack remove President Dilma Rousseff from office .   September 4    Mother Teresa , July      nun who devoted her life to helping India ’s poor , is declared a saint in a canonization Mass held by Pope Francis in the Vatican .   September 9    North Korea claims to have detonated a nuclear warhead .   September 20    A Brazilian judge rules that there is enough evidence Senate former Brazilian President Brazil Lula da Silva , his wife and six others to stand trial on corruption charges , relating to the    oil company Petrobus . September 27    Islamic militant Ahmad      is sentenced to nine years in prison after pleading guilty to war crimes for destroying religious North Korea monuments in the ancient city of Timbuktu , Mali . The trial marks the first time the ICC has tried the destruction of cultural heritage as a war crime . October 2    Colombians narrowly reject a referendum on a peace deal between the A Brazilian judge and former rebel group FARC that would have ended five decades of war .   October 4    Hurricane trial in connection with Freddie Gray’s death landfall in Haiti , tearing through the small Caribbean nation with 125 mph winds and heavy rains that flood villages , raze crops , sweep away cattle and cut off parts of The ICC . The official death toll is more than 500 , according to Haiti ’s Civil Protection Service . Four people are also reported dead in the Dominican Republic . October 13    Boko Haram militants hand over 21 Chibok schoolgirls to authorities after a series of negotiations with the Nigerian government . It ’s the first mass release of any of the more Haiti women kidnapped from their school in April 2014 . As many as 57 girls escaped almost immediately in 2014 and one was found in May Haiti October 17    Iraqi forces and their allies begin an offensive operation to Haiti largest city under ISIS control and its last remaining stronghold in Iraq . October 21 the government 70 people are killed and 600 others injured when an overloaded train derails in central Cameroon . October 24    At least 61 Boko Haram militants hand over 21 Chibok schoolgirls to authorities after a series of negotiations with the Nigerian government are killed and 117 injured when militants attack a police training academy in Quetta , Pakistan . women November 28    A plane crashes near Medellin , Colombia , killing more than 70 people , including members of the Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense . December 9      Iraqi ISIS South Korea ISIS National Assembly vote ,    to impeach President Park    over a Iraq scandal .   December 10    A church in the Nigerian city of Uyo collapses during services Saturday , killing at least 23 people . December 10      people , mostly police officers , are killed and Pakistan wounded in twin bombings in Istanbul . The explosions , one large blast followed by a smaller one , occurred after a heavily attended North Korea at Besiktas Vodafone Arena . December 11    A bomb explodes killing at least 25 during morning mass at Cairo ’s main Coptic house of worship . December 11    A car filled with explosives rams into the main entrance of a port in Mogadishu , Somalia , killing at least 20 people and injuring 15 , most of whom were port employees and pedestrians . December 19    A    runs into a Christmas market in a major public square in Berlin , killing 12 people and injuring 48 . Hours after the suspect Anis The NHL   Game Milan , Italy , on December 23 , footage appears of the Tunisian man pledging allegiance to ISIS . December 23 , 2016    The UN Security Council approves a resolution December 11    Israel to " immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory , including East Jerusalem . " December 31 , 2016    Two suicide bombers carry out an attack in Baghdad , killing at least 28 people . Awards and Winners : January 10    The Golden Globes are presented .   January 11    The College Football Playoff National Championship takes place .   January    ISIS    The Australian Open is played . January 31    The NHL    Game is played in Nashville . February 5    The NAACP Image Awards are presented . February 7    Super Bowl 50 is played in Santa Clara , California .   February 15    The 58th Annual Grammy Awards are presented .   February 21 Baghdad The 58th Daytona 500 is run . February 28    The 88th Annual Academy Awards are presented . March    4    The NCAA Men ’s Basketball Tournament takes place .   April      The 80th Masters Tournament is played in Augusta , Georgia .   April 18    The Pulitzer Prizes are announced .   April 18    The 120th Boston Marathon takes place .   May 7    The 142nd Kentucky Derby is run .   May    5    The French Open is played .   May 29    The 100th Indianapolis 500 is run .   May The NAACP Image Awards The NAACP Image Awards Cup Finals are played .   June      The NBA Finals take place .   June 12    The NAACP Image Awards are presented .   June      The 116th US Open golf tournament takes place in Oakmont , Pennsylvania . June    10    The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament takes place .   July      The Tour de France takes place .   July      The 145th British Open golf April 18    at the Royal Troon in Troon , Scotland .   August      The Olympic Games are held in Rio de Janeiro .   August    11    The US Open tennis tournament is played .    September      The Paralympic Games are held in Rio de Janeiro .   September 18    The 68th Annual Primetime Emmy The Stanley Cup Finals .    October      Nobel Prize winners are announced . October    2    The World The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament The June      is July      Notable Deaths in 2016:Dale Bumpers    January 1 , Mike Oxley The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament    January 1 , Robert Stigwood    January 4 , Pat Harrington    January 6 , André Courrèges    The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament the Olympic Games Monte Irvin    January September 9   North Korea David Margulies    January 11 , Alan Rickman    January 14 , Dan Haggerty    January 15 , Glenn Frey    January 18 , Abe Vigoda    January The NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament January 28 , Bob The NAACP Image Awards Alaskey    February 3 , December 10    February 4 , Edgar Mitchell    February 4 , Maurice Rio de Janeiro 4 , Antonin Scalia    February 13   George Gaynes    February 15 , Denise Matthews " Vanity "    February 15      Boutros      February 16 , Umberto Eco    February 19 , Harper Lee    February 19 , Sonny James    February 22 , George Kennedy    February 28 , Bud Collins    March 4 , Pat Conroy    March 4 , Joey Feek    March 4 , Nancy Reagan    March 6   Sir George Martin    March 8 , Keith Emerson    March 10 , Frank Sinatra Jr.    March 16 , Larry Drake    March 17 , Rob Ford    March 22 , Joe Garagiola Sr .   March 23 , Ken Howard    March 23 , Garry Shandling    March 24 , James Noble    March 28 , Patty Duke    March 29 , Zaha Hadid    March 31 , Merle Haggard    April 6 , Will Smith III    April 9 , David Gest    April 12 , Anne Jackson    April 12 , Doris Roberts    April 17 , Joanie Laurer " Chyna "    April 20 , Prince    April 21   Madeleine LeBeau    May 1 , Guy Clark    May 17 , Morley Safer    May 19 , Alan Young    May 19 , Muhammad Ali    June 3   Kevin " Kimbo Slice " Ferguson    June 6 , Theresa Saldana    June 6 , Gordie Howe    June 10 , Christina Grimmie    June 10 , Michu Meszaros    June 12 , Ann Morgan Guilbert    June 14 , Attrell Cordes    June 17 , Ron Lester    June 17 , Anton Yelchin    June 19 , Bernie Worrell    June 24 , Bill Cunningham    June 25 , Scotty Moore    June 28 , Pat Summitt    June 28   Michael Cimino    July 2 , Elie Wiesel    July 2   Noel Neill    July 3 , Garry Marshall    July 19   Timothy LaHaye    July 25 , Youree Dell Harris " Miss Cleo "    July 26 , Jack Davis    July 27 , David Huddleston    August 2 , Pete Fountain    August 6 , Kenny Baker    August 13 , Jack Riley    August 19 , Steven Hill    August 23 , Juan Gabriel    August 28 , Gene Wilder    August 29 , Jon Polito    September 1 , Hugh O’Brian    September 5 , Phyllis Schlafly    September 5 , Lady Chablis    September 8 , Alexis Arquette    September 11 , Edward Albee    September 16 , W. P. Kinsella    September 16 , Charmian Carr    September 17 , Curtis Hanson    September 20 , Stanley Dural Jr. " Buckwheat Zydeco "    September 24 , Bill Nunn    September 24 , José Fernández    September 25 , Arnold Palmer    September 25   Gloria Naylor    September 28 , Agnes Nixon    September 28 , Shimon Peres    September 28 , King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand    October 13 , Pete Burns    October 23 , Tom Hayden    October 23 , Tammy Grimes    October 30 , Janet Reno    November 7 , Leonard Cohen    November 7 , Gwen Ifill    November 14 , Florence Henderson    November 24 , Fidel Castro    November 25 , Ron Glass    November 26 , Jayaraman Jayalalithaa    December 5 , Joseph Mascolo    December 7 , John Glenn    December 8 , Alan Thicke    December 13 , Craig Sager    December 15 , Zsa Zsa Gabor    December 18 , Richard Adams    December 24 , George Michael    December 25 , Vera Rubin    December 25 , Ricky Harris    December 26 , George S. Irving    December 26 , Carrie Fisher    December 27 , Debbie Reynolds    December 28 , Keion Carpenter    December 29 , Tyrus Wong    December 30 , William Christopher    December 31 
 