Philadelphia ( CNN ) Michelle Obama cast the presidential race as one between a positive role model for children     in Hillary Clinton     and a damaging one     in Donald Trump     in the marquee speech on the Democratic National Convention ’s opening night .   Michelle Obama never mentioned Trump by Donald Trump     , but leveraging her popularity Michelle Obama she made Michelle Obama rare , if not unprecedented , foray into partisan politics to knock the Republican nominee .   Obama condemned " the hateful language that we hear from public figures on TV , " saying that " our motto we , when they go low , we go high . "   And in a shot at Trump ’s " Make America Great Again " campaign slogan , Obama discussed Obama her children Obama a White House that was built by slaves .   Memorable lines from the DNC ’s opening night , " Do n’t let anyone tell you that this country is n’t great . This right now is the greatest country on earth , " the first Obama Obama electrified the crowd Obama the Wells Fargo Arena in Philadelphia , taking the stage just after 10 p. m. ET and     in a departure from the political attacks on display all day     making the case that , because of her character and temperament Obama Clinton is the role Obama she ’d like her Obama to see Obama the Oval Office .   Even Trump , who Obama was implicitly criticizing , praised her remarks .   Obama I thought her delivery was excellent Obama " Trump told The Hollywood Reporter . " I thought she did a very Obama job . I liked her speech . " Obama It was a remarkable her speech of the    stage for Obama , who was reluctant about the spotlight that came when her husband ,    Obama Barack Obama , launched his presidential campaign against Sen. Barack Obama in 2007 .   " To understand the journey she ’s taken as Obama reluctant conscript on the public scene , to come here and command that stage the way she did tonight was Obama     and I think did for Hillary Clinton what no Clinton has done to this point , " said David Axelrod , a top Obama strategist on the 2008 campaign and now a CNN political commentator .   Symone Sanders , former national press secretary for the Bernie Sanders campaign , praised Obama ’s speech for its Obama . " The Obamas were the first    First Family that we had and they did not eradicate racism in The Obamas country . We do not live in this we society , where race does n’t matter , where the struggle is not there for people of color in this country , " she told this country Chris Cuomo The Obamas on " New Day . " " And I think Michelle Obama went up on that stage and embodied everything that is great about America , " Sanders added . " She gave us hope but she also Michelle Obama us we still have Michelle Obama to do us us New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker , who spoke before Obama , praised her speech for its Michelle Obama spirit . Michelle Obama " She New Jersey from the heart . You Michelle Obama her energy . You felt her spirit Michelle Obama " he said Tuesday its "spirit New Day . " " I think that what people expected was a speech but what they really got was a sharing , a people of spirit . And when she talked about her kids , that Michelle Obama affected me Michelle Obama " Dems open convention without Wasserman Schultz , The first lady began discussing watching her daughters grow up in the White Michelle Obama     saying she remembers watching them go off to school her daughters the first her daughters .   " At that moment , I realized that our time in the White House would form the foundation for who they would become , and how we managed her daughters experience could truly make or our them , " she said . She added her daughters " This her daughters     every her daughters     is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four or eight years of our lives . And I am here tonight our in this election , there is only one person This election    every election     trust with that responsibility     only one person who I believe is truly qualified to be President of the United States . And that is our friend , Hillary Clinton . " Obama told the electrified audience that " we are always stronger together , " saying she wants a president " who will teach our Obama that everyone in this country matters . we " I am here the United States I know that that is the kind of president that Hillary Clinton will be , and that ’s why in Hillary Clinton , I ’m with her , " Obama said . Michelle Obama hits back against Hillary Clinton rhetoric , In a nod Obama ’s historic status as the first female presumptive nominee of Hillary Clinton major U. S. political party , she said : " Because of Hillary Clinton , my daughters , Obama all our sons and Hillary Clinton now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States . "   She called Clinton " a leader who will be guided every day by Obama love and hope and impossibly big dreams that we all have for our children . " Temperament and experience is something Michelle Obama has been we all a lot these days     dipping her toe into 2016 politics by taking veiled shots at Donald Trump in Michelle Obama over the past few months . " Right now , when we ’re hearing so much disturbing and hateful rhetoric , it is so important to remember that our diversity has been     and will always be     our greatest source we strength and pride here in the United States , we Mrs. Obama said at a Nowruz celebration at the White House in April . " Here in America , we do n’t give in to our fears .   We do n’t we up walls to keep people we , " she we during a commencement address at City College of New York this Mrs. Obama . Powerful surrogate , Michelle Obama is seen as having a unique and essential role to play Mrs. Obama , key to keeping the Obama coalition of women , African Americans , Hispanics and young people engaged . Mrs. Obama first lady could turn into a powerful surrogate to boost the presumptive Democratic nominee , with her high favorability ratings . " I think Hillary Clinton is a phenomenal woman first lady " the first lady said when asked Clinton at a White House event in April first lady I ’ve gotten to Clinton her , and I think she ’s made some pretty major contributions over the course Clinton her life . " Clinton , she took the stage to make the case for Clinton woman she has n’t always Clinton . During the bruising 2008 Democratic primary fight , Michelle Clinton often took veiled swipes at her husband ’s opponent . " They said Clinton an inevitable candidate , that there Clinton someone who was going to make this race virtually impossible . And I thought , wow , it ’s over already ? " Obama said in an interview with CBS in the fall of 2007 this race in the throes Clinton the Democratic primary . " So , our view is that if you ca n’t run your own house , you certainly ca n’t run the White House , " Michelle Obama said from the campaign trail in the early state of Iowa in August of Clinton But theirs was a relationship that grew once the campaign came to a close .   Shortly after Hillary Clinton suspended her campaign and endorsed   . Barack Obama , Michelle praised Clinton for the way she came around to Hillary Clinton her husband . Clinton From the Clinton after this was Hillary Clinton , Clinton , she has always Clinton just cordial and open . I ’ve called her . I ’ve talked to Clinton . She ’s given me advice about the kids , " Clinton told Larry King in October Clinton 2008 Clinton " We ’ve talked at length about this kind Clinton stuff , how you feel , how you react . She has been amazing . She is a real pro and a woman with character . " The Clinton stage is a platform Clinton Obama is familiar with by now , delivering    speeches in both the 2008 and 2012 conventions for Clinton husband , speeches that drew heavily on the Obama family ’s personal story . " Every step Clinton the way since that clear day , February , 19 months ago , when , with little more than our faith in each other and a hunger for change , we joined my husband , Barack Obama , on the improbable journey that has led us to this moment , our Mrs. her husband in Denver at the DNC in 2008 . " But each of our comes here also by way Barack Obama own improbable journey . "   She hit similar themes , weaving in our personal narrative , four years later our " Barack knows the American Dream because Barack Obama ’s lived it and he wants everyone in this country to have that same opportunity , no matter the United States are , Barack where we the American Dream from Barack or what we look like , or who we love , " she our in 2012 in Charlotte . 
 our our Barack Obama 