  ( CNN ) The Des Moines Register called for Donald Trump to drop out of the presidential race in an editorial published Monday night .   " People who run for public office typically perform a great public service , regardless of whether People who run for public office win on Election Day , " the paper ’s editorial board wrote . " That ’s particularly true of presidential candidates , most of whom must devote two years of whom lives to    campaigns that involve staggering personal and financial sacrifices , all in an effort to serve whom country . And then there ’s Trump . " The strongly worded editorial said " being electable is not the same as being qualified , and Trump has proven electable not only unfit to hold office , but unfit to stand on the same stage as electable Republican opponents . "   " The best way Trump can serve their country Trump by apologizing to ( Arizona Sen. John ) McCain and terminating this    campaign , " the editorial said . RELATED : Polls offer first hint at reaction to Trump ’s Trump remarks , On Saturday , Trump     Trump GOP political event in Iowa     said McCain , who spent five years as a prisoner during the Vietnam War , was " not a war hero . " " He is a Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     hero because he was captured Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     " Trump added . Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     I like people that were n’t captured , OK ? I hate to tell you . He is a Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     hero because he was captured he was captured you can have     I believe perhaps he is a Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     hero . " But new polling released Monday     nationally and in Iowa     finds Trump squarely in Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     top tier of candidates , but raises some questions about whether he ’ll be Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     to maintain that standing . Overall , the new national poll from the Washington Post and ABC News finds Trump at the Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     of the field nationally with 24 % support among Republican registered voters , well ahead of his closest rivals Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ( 13 % ) and Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ( 12 % ) .   But there are some signs Trump ’s Saturday Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     questioning Arizona Sen. John McCain ’s military service may have been a turn off to some potential voters . The poll , fielded from Thursday to Sunday , found a    in support for Trump in interviews Trump    at a GOP political event in Iowa     on the final day of fielding . While he earned 28 % support during the first three nights of interviewing , that dipped to single digits on the final day .   That shift occurred among a small sample of Republicans , so it ’s difficult to judge That shift it will hold up as That shift campaign rolls on . Still , a Monmouth University poll in Iowa conducted on the same days found almost no decline in support for Trump after his remarks about McCain among Trump likely to attend that state ’s      caucuses . There , Trump stands in second place Trump 13 % behind Walker ’s    22 % . 
 