Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton repeatedly told the FBI Hillary Clinton could n’t recall key details and events related to classified information procedures , according to notes the bureau released Friday of the bureau July interview with the Democratic presidential nominee , along with a report on the bureau investigation into Hillary Clinton private email server .   Hillary Clinton told the FBI the FBI " could not recall any briefing or training by State related to the retention of federal records or handling classified information , " according to the bureau ’s notes of their interview with Hillary Clinton . The documents indicate Hillary Clinton told investigators Hillary Clinton either does not " recall " or " remember " at least 39 times   —    often in response to questions about process , potential training or the content of specific emails . Much of the report reiterated what FBI Director James Comey testified in open hearings before Congress , including that more than six dozen email chains contained classified information at the time they more than six dozen email chains sent and that there appeared to have been hacking attempts on her server , though there is no evidence they more than six dozen email chains successful . Still , the the report fuel to the criticisms of Clinton and the narrative that her team Clinton " extremely careless , " as Comey said . GOP nominee Donald Trump and other Republicans have stepped up their attacks GOP nominee Donald Trump and other Republicans the emails to questions over whether Clinton gave Clinton treatment to donors to her family Clinton foundation . The release of the documents Friday comes as Clinton ’s Clinton Trump has been cut in half since her    bounce Clinton month , according to CNN ’s Poll of Polls released Thursday . The bureau is making the information public in response to numerous Freedom of Information Act requests , including from CNN .   CNN Today the FBI is releasing a summary of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s July 2 , 2016 interview with the FBI concerning the FBI the FBI information was improperly stored or transmitted on a personal    server she used during her tenure , " she agency said in the FBI . " We also are releasing a factual summary of the FBI ’s investigation into the FBI the FBI Presidential campaign ramifications    The publication of the FBI report is likely to give a the FBI burst of political life to the controversy over Clinton ’s private server .   The episode plays directly into Republican claims that Clinton is dishonest , abhors transparency and Clinton the ethical standards required of someone who sits in the Oval Office . It also allows Trump ’s campaign to The episode to voters that they will be setting up a repeat voters the cycle of scandals , controversy , and investigations that dragged on through the entire presidency of Bill Clinton and which tainted Hillary Clinton Clinton same time . " Clinton ’s answers to the FBI about her Clinton server defy belief , " Trump said Clinton a statement . " I was absolutely shocked to see that her answers to the FBI stood in direct contradiction to Clinton she told the FBI the FBI . After reading these documents Clinton I really do n’t understand how she was able to get away from prosecution . " Clinton National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , meanwhile , called the release a " devastating indictment " of Clinton ’s honesty and judgment . Clinton ’s campaign , however , said it was " pleased Clinton the release . " While her use of a single email the release clearly a Clinton and she has taken responsibility for it , these materials make Clinton why the Justice Department believed there was no basis to move forward with this case , " Clinton ’s national press secretary Brian Fallon said in a statement .   Clinton s***’ The FBI report also provided detail on mass deletions of Clinton ’s email server by the company maintaining her server , Platte River Clinton , after the existence of it came Clinton light .    According to the investigation report , top The FBI report adviser Cheryl Mills told a PRN worker The FBI report redacted in Clinton 2014 that Clinton wanted her email to only be retained for 60 days , and Clinton him Clinton reset the retention policy on her email account . But the Clinton told the FBI he realized that Clinton had failed to do so until after The New Clinton Times published Clinton bombshell story revealing Clinton ’s private server and email use , prompting an " the FBI s***’ Clinton . " " In a    FBI interview on May 3 , 2016 , ( name redacted ) indicated he the FBI had an ’oh s***’ moment and sometime between March    Clinton , Clinton the Clinton archive mailbox from the PRN server and used BleachBit to delete the Clinton . PST files he had created on the server system containing Clinton ’s emails , " Clinton report stated .   The mass deletion Clinton after the March 2 , 2015 , Times story and after a March 3 , 2015 , preservation order from the House Benghazi Committee to retain and produce documents related to her email accounts . Mills had sent this request to PRN and this Clinton on March 9 , 2015 , and under repeat questioning by the FBI , the individual admitted he was aware that the request existed and meant he should n’t disturb this individual on PRN ’s server . this request and Clinton told the FBI he were not aware of the PRN that March . Colin Powell , One of the the FBI in Both Mills and Clinton report is that former Secretary of State Colin Powell " warned " Clinton that her emails could become government record in 2009 . According to the report summarizing the FBI ’s investigation Clinton Clinton Clinton Powell just after inauguration in 2009 about his use of a BlackBerry as secretary of state .   Clinton Powell former Secretary of State Colin Powell Clinton that if it became ’public’ Clinton Clinton had a BlackBerry , and she used it to ’do former Secretary of State Colin Powell her Clinton could become ’official record ( s Clinton and subject to the law,’ Clinton the it became ’public’ that Clinton had a BlackBerry stated . " Clinton further advised Clinton , ’Be very careful . I got around it all by not saying much and not former Secretary of State Colin Powell systems that Clinton the data . ’ "   But the FBI said Clinton described her understanding of Powell ’s comments as saying that    emails would be official record , adding " Clinton ’s Clinton did not former Secretary of State Colin Powell her decision to use a personal email account . " Before it became public former Secretary of State Colin Powell in the contents of Clinton report had intensified after it was reported that Clinton told the FBI a conversation with Powell recommending she use private email helped convince her to do it . Powell repudiated the idea that he shares any responsibility former Secretary of State Colin Powell her Clinton in the following days , Clinton , and Clinton told former Secretary of State Colin Powell ’s Anderson Cooper last former Secretary of State Colin Powell that she takes full Clinton .   " I ’ve been asked many , Clinton questions in the past year about emails . Clinton what I ’ve learned is that when I try to explain what happened it can sound like I ’m trying to excuse what I did , " she told CNN . " And there are no excuses . I want people to know that the decision to have a Clinton    CNN account was mine . I take responsibility for it . I ’ve apologized for it . I would certainly do differently if I could . " Powell rejects Clinton email the decision to have a single   mail account was mine , Use of mobile devices the decision to have a single   mail account was mine The report also described the way Clinton used her BlackBerry mobile devices . Clinton has cited her desire to use a single BlackBerry as part of her motivation Clinton use Clinton personal email address . Clinton ’s aide Clinton Abedin told the FBI that Clinton often would use Clinton new BlackBerry for a few days before returning Clinton older model because of her familiarity , according Clinton the report . The FBI found that 13 different mobile devices were used with her two known phone Clinton , and thus the report emails with the FBI private account . After Clinton switched to a new device , Clinton previous incarnation would often disappear , and a former Bill Clinton aide Clinton Justin Cooper , said Clinton could recall two times Clinton the old device either by breaking it Clinton half or hitting it Clinton a hammer . The findings also noted that Clinton stored her BlackBerry in a desk drawer in her office the old device which was not authorized the old device the findings was in a Clinton Compartmented Clinton Facility ( SCIF ) and thus Clinton use of mobile devices in the office Clinton prohibited . The former her office of State for State Diplomatic Security Service Eric Boswell told the FBI that he " never received any complaints her office using her personal BlackBerry inside the SCIF . "   According the FBI , Cooper and another person whose name was redacted The former Assistant Secretary of State for State Diplomatic Security Service Eric Boswell the Clinton , there were personally owned desktop computers in the SCIFs in Clinton ’s homes in Washington Anderson Cooper Chappaqua , New York . Clinton had stated the report FBI she did not have a computer of any kind in the Clinton in her residences . Abedin and Clinton said the the FBI Clinton state did not use a Clinton and primarily used her BlackBerry or iPad for checking emails . Handing Clinton classified information , Clinton’s aide Huma Abedin Clinton Abedin, Cooper and another person whose name was redacted from the report relied The former Assistant Secretary of State for State aides to determine what was Clinton information and how it should be handled .   " Clinton Clinton not recall receiving Clinton emails she thought should not be on an unclassified system , " the FBI notes said . " Clinton relied on State official to use Clinton judgment when emailing her and could not recall anyone raising concerns the FBI her regarding the sensitivity Clinton the information she received at her email The notes Clinton was also asked about the ( C ) Clinton within several documents that James Comey Clinton before Congress Clinton classified information . The emails that were sent and Clinton from her server containing these markings became the subject of intense debate on the Hill , as her critics seized on them as evidence that Clinton mishandled information . But Clinton told the FBI she was unaware of what the marking Clinton . " the (C) markings she did not Clinton and could only speculate it was the FBI the FBI Clinton Clinton order , The emails that were sent and received from her server containing these markings the interview notes stated .   The former secretary of Clinton said Clinton did understand when an email was marked " confidential " at the top , and " asked the interviewing agents if that was what ’c’ referenced , " according to The former Assistant Secretary of State for State label had been placed there The former Assistant Secretary of State for State the FBI after the fact .   She also said she did n’t " pay attention to the ’level’ of classified information and took all the FBI seriously . " The interview also addressed a The notes in which Clinton said she had n’t received talking points from her The former Assistant Secretary of State for State , Jake The former Assistant Secretary of State for State . He responded that there were issues sending the document through secure fax .   " If Clinton ca Clinton , " Clinton replies , " Clinton into nonpaper w no identifying Clinton and send nonsecure . " That email had been the fuel behind speculation that Cilnton had demanded her aide send Clinton information through a nonsecure channel by removing markings . But Clinton there were issues sending the document through secure fax the FBI that she understood the request as routine .   " Clinton thought a ’nonpaper’ was a way to an email unofficial stance of the the FBI to a Clinton government and believed Cilnton Clinton went back ’200 years,’ " she said , Clinton to interview notes . " When viewing the displayed email , Clinton believed she was asking Sullivan to remove the State letterhead and provide unclassified talking points . Clinton stated she had no intention to remove classification markings . " Fallout from Comey Clinton remarks Clinton Comey in July took the unprecedented step of announcing in a an email Clinton ’s Clinton that there was not enough Jake Sullivan to merit a criminal prosecution , before handing over his findings to the Justice Department . Anticipation the FBI the FBI release on Clinton James Comey The DOJ followed James Comey recommendation and decided no prosecution was merited .   After Comey testified about the decision before Congress the FBI members requested access to his agency ’s report Clinton Last month , the James Comey gave members of Congress access to the notes , as well as notes from interviews with other Clinton staff and aides , but kept that version of the report James Comey .   Comey testified that Congress transcript of the interview exists James Comey only the notes taken on it . Clinton Clinton not under oath Congress   The FBI ’s release Friday did not include the notes of interviews with Clinton ’s aides . 
 the FBI the FBI Clinton Clinton Clinton James Comey his agency’s report no transcript of the interview exists 