’   ’ "    Former President Barack Obama ’s White House press secretary , Josh    Earnest , shot down President Donald Trump ’s largely unfounded    allegation that Obama ordered wiretapping of Trump Tower phones . " ’    In an interview on " This Week " on Sunday , the former press    secretary said there are rules in place prohibiting a president    from personally interfering in a Department of Justice    investigation , and emphasized that Obama was " not giving    marching orders to the FBI about how to conduct the FBI    investigations . " ’ ’    " This may come as a surprise to the current occupant of the Oval    Office , but the president of the United States does not have the    authority to unilaterally order the wiretapping of an American    citizen , " Earnest said . ’ ’    He continued : " If the FBI decided to use the FBI wiretapping    authority in the context of the counterintelligence or criminal    investigation , the counterintelligence or criminal   investigation would require FBI investigators , officials at    the Department of Justice going to a federal judge , and making a    case , and demonstrating probable cause to use their wiretapping   authority to    conduct the investigation . That is a fact . " ’ ’    Earnest also argued that the tweet was likely a distraction from       that many top Trump campaign figures met with Russian    government officials during the campaign despite       contradicting claims . ’ ’    " We know exactly why President Trump tweeted what he President Trump .       there is one page in the Trump White House crisis    management playbook . And that is simply to tweet or say something    outrageous to distract from a scandal , " Earnest said . ’ "    But while Earnest Earnest Obama ’s personal involvement into the    investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 election , the    former White House press secretary said he the   former White House press secretary not know whether       were any       of the Trump campaign . " ’    " I don’’t know . And it’ ’s not because I’’m no longer in government .       fact is , even when I was in government government I was not in a    position of being regularly briefed on an FBI criminal or    counterintelligence investigation , " Earnest said . ’ ’    He added : " No one at the White House , including the president of    the United States , should be in a position in which they’’re    trying to influence or dictate how that investigation is being    conducted . " ’ "    Earnest Earnest one of several former Obama administration    officials who dismissed Trump ’s allegation on Saturday . " ’    Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis on Saturday Saturday the previous White    House interfered in the investigation into the 2016 election . ’ ’    " A cardinal rule of the Obama Obama was that no White White   House interfered with any independent investigation    led by the Department of Justice . As part of that practice ,    neither President Obama nor any White House official ever White   House surveillance on any US    . Any suggestion otherwise is    simply false , " Lewis said . ’ ’    Though the allegations have bewildered many congressional    Democrats and Republicans , Trump White House officials have White   House on the claims .    "    Early on Sunday , Trump called for a congressional investigation    into whether Obama overstepped his authority       Russia ’s involvement Trump the 2016 election . " ’    Spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders   on " This Week " that outlets like the BBC    previously found federal investigators sought warrants to    monitor Russian banks suspected of potentially steering money to    the Trump campaign   —    though the report did not include Trump’ ’s    wiretapping allegation . ’ ’    " The bigger thing is   —    let’ ’s find out . Let’ ’s have an    investigation . let’ they’’re going to    Russia ties , let’ ’s    include this as part let’ it . And so that’ ’s what we’’re asking , "    Sanders said on Sunday . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . : This may " come as some surprise " to Pres . Trump , but a president can’’t " unilaterally order the wiretapping " of a US citizen .   ’ ’      ’ " Former President Barack Obama ’s White House . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 