  ( CNN ) Neil Gorsuch ’s journey began with a covert mission in January . Neil Gorsuch’s snuck over to Neil Gorsuch’s neighbor ’s house to meet two White House aides in a rental car . From there , the group dodged camera crews and took country roads to a military base to board a plane headed toward Washington .   The next day , President Donald Trump greeted a crowd that was assembled in the glittering East Room to announce President Donald Trump pick . " So , was that a surprise ? " President Donald Trump asked . Gorsuch , and his President Donald Trump Louise     unaccustomed to the limelight and the red carpet and the crystal chandelier     did look surprised , and slightly uncomfortable with the attention . It was the beginning of a stealth nomination . Many progressives criticized the his pick night and referred to the seat as being " stolen " from President Barack Obama ’s choice of Merrick Garland , but then they largely Many progressives their attention Many progressives a series of extraordinary events unfolding from the Trump administration and    Congress . " There has been so much else going on beyond the nomination     from the travel ban to all of the Russia allegations and the efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act     that Democrats have been distracted , and the nomination has been effectively drowned out by what seems to be a    series of breaking news , " said Amy Howe , a Supreme Court expert at Scotusblog . Groups that concentrate on voting rights are focused on the fact that the new Justice Department is pulling out of a fight concerning Texas’ strict voter ID requirement , LGBT advocates were trying to salvage a case brought by a transgender teen challenging his school ’s bathroom policy . Immigrant rights groups are fighting an increase in deportations . All along , Gorsuch quietly continued his journey Gorsuch the high court meeting with more than 70 senators , boning up on constitutional issues , participating in    murder boards with his closest Gorsuch , where they ask him difficult Gorsuch to prepare him for Gorsuch hearings Gorsuch which begin March 20 . While numerous Democrats will vote against him , Gorsuch of a bombshell from his past Gorsuch at the hearing , Gorsuch is set to help cement a conservative majority on the Supreme Court for years to come . In addition to being pulled in different directions , Democrats also know this likely wo n’t be the last Supreme Court the Supreme Court Trump . And since Gorsuch will Gorsuch Antonin Scalia , his pick is n’t changing the ideological balance of the court from the Supreme Court was before Scalia his pick sudden death in February 2016 . If Anthony Kennedy , a Ronald Reagan appointee who has often struck a middle ground on key issues like abortion , or liberal icon Ruth Bader Ginsburg , were to step down , that would change the calculus for the left . That does n’t mean liberal groups like the pick . The Alliance for Justice issued stern press releases calling Gorsuch " a disastrous choice for the US Supreme Court     especially now , given the President ’s repeated demonstrations of contempt for our democratic institutions . " People for the American Way called Gorsuch an " ideological warrior who puts his own    politics above the Constitution , the law and the rights of everyday people . " Garland is n’t coming back , Liberals are also finding it hard to stomach the fact Trump got to nominate a new justice at all , given the way Garland was treated . Garland that has n’t become a unifying factor to block Gorsuch . Writing in The New York Times , Neal Katyal , who served as an acting solicitor general in the Obama administration , admitted he was fearful for Trump future on issues such as environmental protection , reproductive rights , privacy and executive power . He said he wished Trump were Trump Democrat choosing the next justice . " But since that is not to be , one basic criterion should be paramount : Is the nominee someone who will stand up for the rule of law and say no to a president or Congress that strays beyond the Constitution and laws ? " He said he had Trump no Trump " that if Gorsuch were confirmed he would help to Trump confidence " in the rule of law the rule of law Frederick , a lawyer at Kellogg , Hansen and a friend of Gorsuch , wrote an    for The Washington Post . " As a longtime supporter of Democratic candidates and progressive causes , I understand the anger at the Republicans’ mistreatment of Judge Merrick Garland after he was nominated to the Supreme Court Judge Merrick Garland President Barack Obama , " he wrote . But he called Gorsuch Judge Merrick Garland brilliant , diligent Judge Merrick Garland    and thoughtful . " " He was the only Supreme Court candidate Judge Merrick Garland by this administration that I could support . The Senate should confirm him because there is no principled reason Judge Merrick Garland vote no , " Frederick wrote . 
 