  ( CNN ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gave Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump first major economic address on Monday . Most of the speech was devoted to putting forward a more or less standard set of Republican policies     Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump promised large tax cuts that would primarily benefit    taxpayers , ending the Affordable Care Act and curtailing government regulation . But Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump also broke with Republican orthodoxy , rejecting the    Partnership , proposing renegotiating NAFTA , and vowing to take a firmer stance on currency management and other issues with our trading partners . What would some of this mean in practice ? The proposal for tax cuts would put in place a system with three tax brackets of 12 % 25 % and 33 % . Trump did n’t indicate the cutoffs for the brackets , so Trump ’s not possible to determine how much the different groups would save . However , it is certain that the    taxpayers would save under the Trump plan .   Currently ,    taxpayers pay a 39 . 6 % tax rate on income over $ 415 , 000 for a single individual . If a    executive or Wall Street trader makes $ 2 . 4 million a year ( roughly the average for the richest 1 % ) a   executive or Wall Street trader would save $ 120 , 000 from a   executive or Wall Street trader tax bill just on the reduction in the top tax bracket . For the richest 0 . 1 % the savings would average almost $ 700 , 000 a year . Trump also called for large cuts in the corporate tax rate . Currently , corporations pay on average a bit more than 25 % of corporations profits in taxes . Trump committed to a tax code in which no corporation would pay more than 15 % of no corporation profits in taxes . This implies a reduction in revenue from the corporate income tax of more than 25 % or a loss in revenue of close to $ 100 billion a year . a reduction in revenue from the corporate income tax of more than 25% or a loss in revenue of close to $100 billion a year are virtually certain to lead to large deficits , as occurred with previous tax cuts under President Ronald Reagan and President George W. Bush . Trump has also proposed a substantial boost to infrastructure spending ( although , while more spending on infrastructure is badly needed , this will further boost the deficit ) .   Trump has Trump he will Trump the deficit the deficit waste , but presidents from both parties have promised to reduce waste for decades . Unless he is Trump to make large cuts to programs like Social Security , Medicare , or the military , it is inevitable that his tax Trump will hugely increase the budget deficit the deficit increase in the deficit would actually be the deficit thing , because the economy has not yet replaced the demand lost when the housing bubble burst . However , Trump ’s plan almost certainly goes too far and will lead to high interest rates    serious problems with inflation . Trump ’s attack on government regulations Trump meanwhile , are an illusion . While some regulations surely are wasteful , the vast majority serve important purposes , like keeping lead out of the water our children drink . The    financial reform bill has been a particular target of Trump and other Republicans , yet Trump businesses report that credit has never been easier to get .   Meanwhile , the Affordable Care Act , which Trump promises to repeal , has Trump insurance to millions of people .   And contrary to Trump ’s claims , there is Trump it has cost jobs . In fact , job growth accelerated after the ACA took effect .   Arguably , though , Trump ’s position on trade is the Trump interesting of the policies he has outlined . We would benefit Trump having more balanced trade , which could create millions of jobs , mostly in manufacturing . However it is not clear that Trump knows how to get there . Trump Join us on Facebook . .   He We about countries not honoring our Trump and patents . However , We royalties for copyrights and patents are a tradeoff for a larger trade deficit in manufactured goods . In other words , if we make China and Brazil pay more money to Microsoft for Windows and to Pfizer for its drugs , then they will have Pfizer money to buy China and Brazil manufactured goods . Trump does not China to appreciate this    and is promising that everyone will get more . On the whole , the Trump agenda looks like the Republican agenda Trump we have seen many times before : It centers on large tax cuts for the Trump agenda wealthy and corporations , something that has not worked in the past to create either strong growth or rising living standards for working people . And while Trump does offer a qualitatively different perspective Trump trade , it is too contradictory to be able to determine if it will actually benefit ordinary workers .  
 