’   ’ ’    It’ ’s no secret that Trump loves assigning nicknames to Trump political rivals , from " Little Marco " and " Lyin ’’ Ted " to    " Crooked Hillary . " ’ "    He Trump used them in debates , rallies , press conferences , and    hundreds of tweets this year .   " ’    But how does Trump get his Trump to stick ? ’ ’    His Trump is related to the evolution of the    media , University of Wisconsin communications professor    Dietram Scheufele told Business Insider . ’ ’    Research has shown that since the 1960s , the length of the    average news sound bite   from more than 40 seconds long to about eight or    nine seconds . Much of the extra time is now devoted to punditry    and analysis of short clips , Scheufele Dietram Scheufele . ’ ’ ’    means politicians hoping to control the airwaves need to get       biggest bang for their buck , politicians as much information as       into short , easily shareable sound bites , according    to Scheufele Dietram Scheufele ’ ’    By referring to his enemies by ’ ’    insulting nickname , Trump    evokes negative feelings about them right off the bat . ’ ’    " For his audience , what it does is his audience idea of resonance , "    Dietram Scheufele Dietram Scheufele Insider . " A large part of his    success is his ability to resonate his intuitively with an    audience with just a few words . " ’ ’    Take " , "    Trump’ ’s    nickname for Massachusetts Sen.    Elizabeth Warren . Trump assigned Warren the moniker when Elizabeth Warren    revived a nickname for Massachusetts Sen.   Elizabeth Warren about the senator’ ’s heritage , arguing she    falsely claimed nickname for Massachusetts Sen.   Elizabeth Warren    ancestry to advance her    academic career nickname for Massachusetts Sen.   Elizabeth Warren   ’ ’    " In one word , he basically mentions that story that most of his    voters won’’t he , but they kind of know his   voters won’’t he ’s    referencing he " Scheufele said . " So they find themselves all his   voters won’’t of a sudden like , ’’ Yeah , yeah , I remember that , ’’    without really any rational thought or way of thinking    through the story . " ’ ’    From there , Trump can say something completely unrelated about    Warren , like in the following tweet . For his supporters , the Trump damage is already done . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tPocahontas wanted V. P. slot so badly but was n’t chosen because she has done nothing Trump the Senate . Also , Crooked Hillary hates her ! ’t’t " Crooked Hillary    Similarly , calling Hillary Clinton " Crooked Hillary " ensures    that , no matter the content of the sentence that follows , the    reference to Clinton’ ’s email controversy will always    make it in the sound ’s email controversy , headline , or meme on social    media . ’ ’ ’ ’    " That’ ’s why attaching that ’’ crooked ’’ label to every single issue ,    and hammering it again and again and again , is so extremely    important for the    for Trump , " Scheufele said . " He wants    me Scheufele you    go into that voting booth , and basically when we go    through our memory    try we retrieve the things we’’re thinking    about Hillary , that ’’ crooked ’’ label needs to one of those    things . " ’ ’    Another reason the strategy works is it jibes with Trump’ ’s    confident persona . The nicknames " leave little room for debate or    contradiction , "   in April . ’ ’    With less than a week to go before the election , Trump seems to    be ramping up his nickname usage   Trump    he called Clinton    Trump Crooked " on Twitter   on Tuesday alone . ’ "    Given his success thus far Trump it ’s unlikely he his success stop any Trump    soon . "    