  ( CNN ) President Trump ’s speech Wednesday at the Coast Guard Academy got off to a pretty good start , but , sadly , ’s speech Wednesday at the Coast Guard Academy ’s only going to be remembered for President Trump complaints about media coverage and the way President Trump believes President Trump has been treated .    And that ’s a shame . It ’s a shame because none of that stuff needed to be said , even with all the    headlines out there .   No President     even in good times     has ever truly been happy about No President     media coverage .   It ’s a shame because the speech could have been an opportunity for the commander in chief to lay out a grander vision for the Coast Guard , or perhaps a new maritime defense strategy .   Military academy commencements are great venues to , as we say in the Navy , set a new course . But mostly , It ’s a shame because those cadets deserved better than to serve as the backdrop for a presidential pity party .   This was no place or time for a political speech . The ceremony represented the culmination of four hard years of study , work and training .   The ceremony should have been all about those cadets and their incredible accomplishment .   Instead , the President chose to intrude on The ceremony to assuage the President ego .    the President took what should have been a big day and made a big day small . To be sure , there were people in the audience who appreciated the President complaints .   One could hear applause and cheers as he lambasted the President critics the President   No doubt many cadets and families will remain happy about the day , regardless of how they felt many cadets and families the President the President   But that ’s not the point .   A commencement speech ought to give a charge to the graduates , something they can hold on the graduates and look back on fondly , something to inspire them to achieve more the graduates grow more , learn more . And darn if he did n’t seem the President first like he was headed there the President The first    of the President ’s speech the President’s speech thanked the leadership at the the President and the staff .   He led a round of applause the President the family members in attendance .   He praised the brave and effective the President of the Coast Guard and extolled the virtues of public and uniformed service . " You could have gone to school anywhere you wanted , and with very , very few responsibilities by comparison , " he said .   " Instead the President you chose the path of service .   You chose hard work , high standards , and a very noble mission to save lives , defend the homeland , and protect America ’s interests around the world . . .. Good choice . " He demonstrated a decent understanding of the President Coast Guard ’s history and of its missions , detailing for the graduates all the the Coast Guard’s of things they would soon find themselves doing in    places the graduates drug interdiction , the graduates security , lifesaving efforts , humanitarian relief .   He even dwelled a moment on the President " scourge of human trafficking . " This , from a man who has been roundly criticized as either uninterested in     or ignorant of     human rights issues .   " In the Coast Guard , you do n’t run from danger , " he noted .   " You the President it . " This was a commander in chief .   This was a speech on its way to something This But then he threw This rudder over . the President Then it became a campaign speech , a rally cry the rudder an airing of grievances . At a moment when he could have offered positive advice the President life , love and leadership , he bragged about his accomplishments in the President and groaned the President unfairness .   He told them they would " the President that things happen to you them you do not deserve and that are not always warranted . "   And he warned them not to " the President the critics and the them get in the way of your dreams . " Now , I was n’t smart enough or fit enough or talented enough to attend one of our service academies . But I have attended plenty of commencements at the Naval Academy in Annapolis , at West Point and at the Air Force Academy , watching as good friends     and their sons and daughters     threw those caps into the air .   I even wrote a speech or two for my bosses to give at some of those ceremonies . It ’s unlike any other type of college graduation , because , well , it is n’t just a college graduation .   It ’s a commissioning .   For those cadets It it marks the beginning of their service to the It as officers .   those cadets ’s a big deal .   As the President himself noted , these young people will soon be off to advanced training and then to sea .   And there , at sea , they will face danger , learn how to lead these young people help protect our country .   And that ’s where he should have left it . That should have the President himself his message , his sound bite . The Coast the President himself Academy Class the President himself 2017 got their diplomas from the President of the United States The Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017   They ’ll surely remember that .   And I The Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017 they remember all the other stuff he said Wednesday The Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017 the good stuff .    the President himself , the rest of us will only remember the pettiness .   And that ’s a shame . 
 