’   ’ ’    Students at two Ivy League schools have received emails that    mention white genocide and Donald Trump . ’ ’    At Princeton University on Saturday , a number of students    received emails believed to be from a member of a      group called the " White GeNOcide Project , " . ’ ’    The email said Donald Trump understands that diversity threatens    white people and that Princeton Princeton University " white students that they white people are immoral and contemptible if they white people n’t support White    Genocide . " ’ ’    Steve Goode , a representative for the White GeNOcide Project ,    said the White   Genocide a grassroots movement , so they’’re unsure who    sent the emails , but he said they’’re does they’’re agree with whoever sent    them " the emails thanked them " the emails their activism the emails " The Princetonian    reported . ’ ’    At Harvard , students received similar emails on October 2 with    the subject line " Fight White Genocide   —    Vote Trump ! " which was    signed by Educators and Students Against White Genocide , . ’ ’ Harvard has Harvard university police    to investigate the matter . ’ "    On the White GeNOcide Project ’s website , a   has been made to members    of the Harvard and Princeton , as well as a third school : Yale . " ’   ’ ’    The group’ ’s site also hit back at Harvard’ ’s response to the    emails by saying that " Dean Khurana ’s response illustrates    perfectly that you can not have diversity and free speech . " ’ "    It ’s unclear exactly why the white supremacy group targeted the    Ivy League with its messaging the   Ivy League though certain schools within the    elite group have been a hotbed for issues of racial    discrimination and free speech . " "    Photographs of black professors at Harvard Law School were    defaced last year . That sparked outrage on campus , and at    Princeton students protested for the removal of Woodrow Wilson ’s    name on campus , citing his ties Woodrow Wilson racism . " ’    But perhaps racial tension has been most apparent at Yale , where    protests over several perceived incidents of racial    discrimination engulfed the campus and resulted in harsh scrutiny    from outside sources . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 