’   ’ "    Donald Trump took to Twitter just before the start of Tuesday ’s    vice presidential debate to take a jab at Bill Clinton over    recent comments Bill Clinton has made about the    Affordable Care Act . " ’    " Wow , did you just hear Bill Clinton’ Bill Clinton on how bad    Obamacare is , " . " Hillary not happy . As I have    been saying , REPEAL AND REPLACE ! " ’ " the    announced    his    support Bill Clinton President Barack Obama ’s signature    healthcare law , praising it for getting signature   healthcare law of more people    insured and preventing insurance companies from denying    insurance to    with a preexisting medical condition . " ’    " All of that is really important , " he said . ’ ’    " There is a big problem with it that needs to be fixed , " he    continued he " That everybody knows admits it . If you’’re just above    a line to qualify for the Medicaid expansion , or just above the    line to qualify for the subsidies for workers , the likelihood is    your premiums have gone up , your coverage has gone down , and the    insurance companies have taken the power . " ’ ’’ ’    He made similar comments at an event yesterday . ’ ’    Trump wasn’’t the only Republican to jump into the fray after    Clinton made his comments . Clinton Speaker Paul Ryan   " going to have to agree with    Bill Clinton Clinton Clinton " ’ ’ Obama himself admitted there were some fixable    problems with his signature legislation . ’ ’ Clinton " In my mind the [ Affordable Care Act ] has been a huge success ,    but it ’s got real    ,    he said . " They ’re    fixable    problems in terms of strengthening the marketplace , improving the    subsidies so more folks can    it , making sure everybody has the   subsidies Medicaid who was qualified under the original legislation , doing    more on the cost containment    But you hit a point where if    Congress just is not willing    make any constructive    modifications and it ’s all political football ,    you ’re    getting a suboptimal solution .    ’ 
 