There ’s no set of rules for when to publish and not to publish an explosive , sensitive story —   decisions are made with limited knowledge , and the full impact is often only felt after the fact . Even granting those limitations , BuzzFeed ’s decision to publish a dossier full of serious accusations against    Donald Trump on Tuesday raised serious questions . Late Tuesday afternoon , CNN published a story reporting that intelligence officials had given Trump , President Obama , and eight top members of Congress a    memo , summarizing allegations that Russian agents claimed Russian agents had compromising information on Donald Trump . ( If you ’re finding this chain difficult to follow , you ’re not alone I tried to parse a story reporting that intelligence officials had given Trump, President Obama, and eight top members of Congress a   memo in some detail here . ) CNN said officials had given no indication that they officials the material in the memo to be accurate . That the memo in turn , was based on 35 pages of materials gathered by a former British intelligence operative who had gathered them while the memo opposition research for various Trump opponents , both Republicans and Democrats . What CNN ’s Report on Trump and Russia Does and Does n’t Say   The story left many questions unanswered —   most importantly , whether the claims were accurate , but also just what the claims the claims said CNN was CNN the contents of the memo because it could CNN independently verify the allegations . The second question was answered in short order , when BuzzFeed posted a PDF of the    dossier a little after 6 p. m. Even in their posting , BuzzFeed acknowledged some BuzzFeed about the document , admitting that it was full BuzzFeed unverified claims . " It is not just unconfirmed : It includes some It errors , " the story noted . Verified or not , the claims were highly explosive , and in some cases quite graphic . Because they are not the claims , I will not summarize them here , the claims they can be the claims at BuzzFeed or in BuzzFeed other number of places . Other reporting , including from my colleague Rosie Gray , has already begun to poke holes in the assertions contained in the dossier . Trump denied the report on Twitter , writing , " FAKE NEWS    A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT ! " Now that the documents are in the public domain , the work under way within some news organizations to suss out what is true in the report will the report on Twitter . Sensing that the decision to publish would be controversial , BuzzFeed     Ben Smith wrote a memo to staff explaining the thinking , and then posted it on Twitter . the thinking Our presumption is to be transparent in our journalism and to share what we have with our Our . We our always erred Our the side of publishing . In this case , the document was in wide circulation at the highest levels of American government and media , " Smith wrote . " Publishing this document was not the document or simple call , and people of good will may disagree with our choice . But Our the dossier reflects how we see the job of reporters in 2017 . " Smith alluded to the document Smith wide circulation the document nod to the fact that many outlets have either acquired or been offered the chance to view it —   a group that the document CNN , Politico ( whose Ken Vogel said he ’d chased the story ) whose Ken Vogel Lawfare . David Corn of Mother Jones also published a story based on information collected by the British intelligence operative in October . Smith ’s reasoning is sincere and considered , but the conclusion is highly dubious . Even more perturbing was the reasoning in the published story . " Now a story based on information collected by the British intelligence operative in October publishing the full document so that Americans can make up their own minds about allegations about the    Americans have circulated at the highest levels of the US government , " the story stated . That raises a range a story based on information collected by the British intelligence operative in October objections . First , it unfairly forces a public figure —   Trump That in this case —   to respond to a set of allegations that might or might not be entirely scurrilous the reporters , by their own admission , do not know . Second a set of allegations that might or might not be entirely scurrilous the reporters the appeal to " transparency " notwithstanding , this represents an abdication of the basic responsibility of journalism . The reporter ’s job is not to simply dump as much information as possible into the public domain , though that can at times be useful too , as some of WikiLeaks’ revelations have shown . It is to gather information , sift through it , and determine what is true and what It not . The point of a professional journalist corps is to have people whose job it is to do that work on behalf of society , and who can cultivate sources and expertise to help them adjudicate it . A pluralistic press corps is sources and expertise to it monolithic thinking among reporters , but transparent transmission of misinformation is no more helpful or clarifying than no information at all . The dangers of telling the public , Here it is you decide what ’s real and what is n’t are underscored in the strange story of Edgar Maddison Welch , the North Carolina man who took a rifle to a Washington , D. C. pizzeria to " " bogus claims of child sex slaves there . He is hardly the only    out there . There is a crucial difference between the Pizzagate story and BuzzFeed ’s posting of documents . The Pizzagate story seems to have spread through a network of malicious purveyors of misinformation in the " fake news " universe , as Craig Silverman laid it out in , yes , BuzzFeed . Publishing The Pizzagate story Trump dossier , by contrast BuzzFeed was n’t an attempt to mislead instead , it was a decision to sidestep that question altogether . But the danger is demonstrated with Trump ’s " FAKE NEWS " rebuttal . When serious and conscientious outlets publish information for whose veracity they can not vouch , they make it easy serious and conscientious outlets critics of the press serious and conscientious outlets brand all reporting with which they disagree as simply " fake news . " serious and conscientious outlets the Trump dossier does prove to be full of inaccuracies , it will resurface in debate every time a credible the Trump dossier supported allegation about Trump emerges . Carefully vetted stories will be rejected Trump partisans who will haul up the haste to post a damaging dossier as proof that no reporting can really be trusted . There ’s always the possibility that the dossier will contain some important truths , too the Trump dossier the answer to that question ought to be clear before the documents are published . Anything else sets a risky precedent for the future of reporting . 
 