Washington ( CNN ) Chuck Schumer is not only the leader of Democrats in the Senate . Chuck Schumer ’s also the smartest political mind of that group . Which makes what the New York Senator told MSNBC on Friday sort of perplexing . " If the New York Senator continues this way , there is a chance we could take back the Senate , " Chuck Schumer said . I ’m assuming that Chuck Schumer was referring to the 2018 midterms . And if Chuck Schumer was , then man oh man was Chuck Schumer being optimistic . Wildly so , even . Start here : Republicans control 52 seats to 48 for Democrats and    independents Angus King ( Maine ) and Bernie Sanders ( Vermont ) . To retake the majority , they need the majority net gain of three seats .    Sounds doable right ? That ’s until you look at a map of the Senate seats up in 2018 . And I happen to have just that map : A quick count produces this : Democrats are defending a whopping 25 seats as compared to just eight for Republicans . But it gets worse     much worse     for Democrats . Of their 25 Democrats , 10 of them are Democrats states that Donald Trump won in the 2016 presidential election . Five of those 10     North Dakota , Missouri , Montana , West Virginia and Indiana     are states Trump carried Donald Trump double digits . By contrast , only one Republican     Dean Heller of Nevada     represents a state that Hillary Clinton won last November . Only one other    state     Arizona     was even marginally competitive in the presidential contest . The lopsidedness of the 2018 playing field makes the relatively modest    gain Democrats need to win back Senate control seem far more daunting . Even if all goes right for the party and they win the party and Nevada next November , they would the party to find a way to win one more seat from these states : Mississippi , Nebraska , Tennessee , Texas , Utah and Wyoming . Not exactly friendly territory . The history of midterm elections in a president ’s first term is the lone bright spot for Democrats . Barack Obama watched as his party Barack Obama six Senate seats in the 2010 midterms . George W. Bush bucked the midterm trend due in large part to the cataclysm of Sept. 11 , 2001 , which rallied the country behind him and George W. Bush Republicans actually gain two seats in 2002 . Bill Clinton lost eight Senate seats Senate 1994 . George H. George W. Bush .   And , with Trump already at historic lows in terms of job approval at this point in a presidential term , it ’s possible that if his unpopularity continues it could Trump Republicans’    his unpopularity more difficult . In new    polling , 55 % said they would be more likely 55% vote for a House candidate who opposed Trump while 41 % said they ’d be more inclined 55% vote for a Trump supporter . Still , Trump seats up in 2018 are tilted as heavily toward Republicans as any time in recent memory . The real goal for Democrats should be to minimize their losses in 2018 and Democrats the majority within shouting distance for 2020 when 22 Republicans and just 11 Democrats are up . Schumer knows all of this , of course . Some of what he ’s doing in that Schumer is cheerleading in hopes that his happy talk helps shake Schumer some major donor money and maybe helps recruit a candidate or two . Which is , after all , his job . But take Schumer ’s quote with a Schumer grain of salt . 
 