It was a few minutes after 7 p. m. on Tuesday when Trump TV conked out . " We have to pause , " said Avi Berkowitz , the     director , as he stared at a black square on he laptop where , moments earlier , Episode 2 of " Trump Tower Live "   —    the    talk show produced by the Donald J. Trump campaign   —    had been streaming . The panelists on the   talk show produced by the Donald J. Trump campaign  —    , standing a few feet away in a makeshift studio inside a bland Trump Tower office , glanced around , confused . A makeup artist hired for the occasion fiddled with her phone . Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York City and the night ’s special guest , kept criticizing Hillary Clinton , until somebody noted that the camera had shut off .    news , this was not . The set consisted of two wooden tables pressed together , facing a single camcorder on a tripod . The director , who eventually got the feed working again , was a recent Harvard Law School graduate with no broadcasting background . Yet " Trump Tower Live " has been seized on as a harbinger of a potential Trump media empire to come . The show , set to air through Election Day , debuted this week with a    crawl   —    filled exclusively with headlines favorable to Mr. Trump media    and onscreen graphics borrowed from the cable news playbook . Essentially agitprop presented as news , the program is fueling speculation that Mr. Trump wants Trump media a network , purveying news and opinion tailored to the candidate ’s worldview . Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     Trump media prominent media banker and other industry figures to discuss options for a television venture . The proximity to Mr. Trump of Stephen K. Bannon , a top campaign adviser and the mastermind of Breitbart News , has also stoked talk of plans for a national media outlet . But speaking at Trump Tower on Tuesday before an evening taping , the creators of the show   —    who all work for the Trump campaign   —    dismissed such speculation as baseless . " That ’s part of a narrative that the    media is trying to spin , in order to somehow suggest that Mr. Trump is not going to win this election , " said Boris Epshteyn , a lawyer who often appears on television on behalf of the Trump campaign and who serves as a    of " Trump Tower Live . " The show " is not a trial balloon , " he added . " It ’s a Mr. Trump for messaging to The show that have n’t been reached yet . " Judging by the scene at Tuesday ’s show , the production was minimal : a    team , including a microphone operator in a navy blue Make America Great Again windbreaker , in a room overlooking the Trump Tower atrium . As talk shows go , the mood was remarkably placid   —    perhaps because the    hosts never disagreed with one another . The panelists   —    including a former lieutenant governor of New York , Betsy McCaughey   —    denounced the Affordable Care Act and accused Mrs. Clinton of committing a variety of criminal acts . There was no green room for guests , but bottles of    spring water were available . As he waited for the broadcast to start Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani said that he " would have loved " a Mr. Giuliani tool during his time as mayor . " This Mr. Giuliani a very effective way to get your message over and above all the interpretations   —    misinterpretations   —    that occur , " Mr. Giuliani said . " I wish Mr. Giuliani have done it . It would have been a big help . it Monday ’s premiere episode attracted about 60 , 000 live viewers at one point , solid for Facebook , if meager for cable news . Tuesday ’s edition , which aired after one of Mr. Trump ’s rallies , saw a    to 23 , 000 viewers , though Cliff Sims , Mr. Epshteyn ’s    said his team was still working out kinks . Mr. Epshteyn It ’s an evolving thing , " said Mr. Sims , who built an online news Mr. Sims with the form it will take . " Mr. Sims pitched It idea for a Facebook Live special on the night of the final presidential debate that broadcast attracted millions of views and led to about 150 , 000 people donating to the campaign . For its daily show , the campaign is considering afternoon broadcasts , and it is looking to see whether airing before or after a speech by Mr. Trump has an the Trump campaign viewership . While the Trump campaign noted that Monday the Trump campaign aired at 6:30 p. m. opposite major the Trump campaign newscasts , Mr. Sims said that was a coincidence tied to Mr. Trump ’s schedule that night . Still , the " Trump Tower Live " crew has not shied away from asserting that it offers a corrective to traditional news . " We ’re excited Mr. Trump bypassing the    media , " Mr. Epshteyn said on Mr. Trump ’s broadcast , prompting Mr. Sims to add , " It the "Trump Tower Live" crew be malpractice on our part if we did n’t utilize these massive social media platforms that we have . " Mr. Trump , for his part , has said he is focused on winning the election , not creating a media property our He told a Cincinnati radio host on Tuesday , our I have no interest in Trump TV Mr. Trump " and industry executives Mr. Trump the    costs for a news channel would be prohibitive . Even Sean Mr. Trump of Fox News , a dedicated Trump partisan , sounded skeptical when asked about the idea in an interview in Las Vegas last week . " Good luck , " Mr. Hannity said Mr. Hannity just to get in the water . " Still , Mr. Berkowitz , the Trump Tower Live director , sounded bullish about his show ’s ambitions . " Younger people do n’t watch CNN they just do n’t , " Mr. Berkowitz said , as the studio set was dismantled around him . " This is Mr. Berkowitz . " This is the best way to bring it to Mr. Berkowitz . And we ’re happy to do that . " 
 Younger people Mr. Berkowitz Younger people Younger people 