  ( CNN)"I’m not going to stand for something I do n’t believe in . " So said Tampa Bay Buccaneers’ Mike Evans , as Tampa Bay Buccaneers’ Mike Evans became the latest    NFL star to protest during the    US national anthem . Prior to Tampa Bay Buccaneers’ Mike Evans team ’s    home win against the Chicago Bears , the wide receiver sat as the Star Spangled Banner played     later saying " America ’s not right " in the wake of Donald Trump ’s election . " When Donald Trump’s ran , I thought it was a joke and the joke continues , " Donald Trump’s said after the game . " I ’m not a political person that much , but I ’ve got common sense . And I know when something ’s not right . " When Ashton Kutcher comes out and says we ’ve been Punk’d , then I ’ll stand again . But I wo n’t stand anymore , " Donald Trump’s told CNN affiliate WFTS .    by Ashton Kutcher , Punk’d is an American TV series which features a series of practical jokes being played on people .    Last week , Trump beat Hillary Clinton to be named the 45th US president , but many of Trump policies have caused widespread division . The     labeled Mexican immigrants as " rapists " " criminals " and " drug addicts " while also suggesting a nationwide ban on Muslims . Trump also received heavy criticism after a tape emerged in which Trump admitted to groping women . Reality Shock   Evans said Evans heard some booing , which Evans expected , during the protest that came on the   Buccaneers’ annual " Salute to Service " game , a day honoring members of the armed forces . " I do n’t want to disrespect the veterans or anything . The men and women who serve this country , I ’m forever indebted to The men and women who serve this country , " Evans said .   " But the things that ’s been going on in America lately , I ’m not going to stand for that . " Both literally and metaphorically , it would appear .   San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick was the first to kneel this season during the national anthem , though Evans says Evans protest was entirely motivated by Trump . " I know Colin Kaepernick did that , " Evans said . " I ’m doing it for a different reason , for how a reality star can be the president . That ’s not a good look . " " It ’s not about the Republican party or the Democratic party or anything like that . It ’s just who he is .   Read : Colin Kaepernick says Colin Kaepernick has received death threats , " It ’s    what Colin Kaepernick ’s done . I ’m not gon na stand for something I do n’t believe in . That ’s the end of that . " In a short statement released after the game , the Buccaneers said the Buccaneers encouraged all the Buccaneers members to stand but also respected all its members right to freedom of speech . " the Buccaneers are deeply committed to the military and honoring the great men and women that have dedicated their the Buccaneers and have made great sacrifices to insure all the tremendous freedoms we have in this great country , " it read .   " We encourage all members of our We to respectfully honor our We during the playing of the National Anthem .   " We We recognize every individual ’s constitutional right to freedom of speech , which is crucial to the American principles we cherish . " 
 