  ( CNN ) California Secretary of State Alex Padilla has labeled President Donald Trump ’s unsubstantiated claims of widespread voter fraud " dangerous . " California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said Wednesday that creating doubt about America ’s free and fair election is " taking a jackhammer to the bedrock of our democracy . " Speaking to CNN ’s John Berman and Kate Bolduan , California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said allegations of   3 to 5 million cases of voter fraud nationwide in November ’s election were " impossible " and expressed concern over Trump ’s motives .   " My concern , as elections administrator , is he My concern, as elections administrator simply setting the tone for any policy changes that will go further backwards as it pertains to voting rights . "    " We already have needless barriers to voter registration , needless barriers to the ballot box for eligible voters not just in California but around the country , " he My concern, as elections administrator .   Voter fraud taken seriously , Padilla My concern, as elections administrator that calling for a massive investigation when there was no basis for one was " dangerous , " and a " distraction . " Trump first made the allegations of voter fraud in a tweet back in November . " Serious voter fraud in Virginia , New Hampshire and California California so why is n’t the media reporting on this ? Serious bias     big problem ! " Trump Trump . Padilla was critical of the President ’s comments then , calling his the President’s . He said the President’s took the President’s of voter fraud seriously and had asked the President the President’s share their evidence so he claims of voter fraud investigate the the President’s but " claims of voter fraud passed , zero proof , zero evidence . "   Trump Trump millions voted illegally , White House says     but provides no proof   Padilla said there were the President’s cases of irregularities of which he has been made the President’s .   Later on CNN ’s " OutFront with Erin Burnett " he said the amount of OutFront with Erin Burnett is " minuscule . " " It ’s frankly minuscule , the amount of fraud it ’s not just a the amount of fraud guess here . We have had a request for recounts in recent years whether it ’s a very closely the amount of fraud congressional race , or a state legislative race , or maybe local city council , or mayor ’s race , " he told Burnett . " OutFront with Erin Burnett whenever Erin Burnett get to that recount and going through the very thorough protocols , a couple , a handful ,    difference , maybe . "   " So it ’s not going to make a dent in that significant margin that President Trump lost by in California , " he said . Ohio ’s President Trump of State Jon Husted also cast doubt on allegations of voter fraud saying he was confident there were no irregularities in Ohio .   Speaking to Ohio ’s Carol Costello , Republican Husted said any kind Secretary of State Jon Husted should be done at a state level as the " state ’s run the election . " He said   he wished the Secretary of State Jon Husted " would Secretary of State Jon Husted a more constructive point of view with this discussion . " 
 