’’ ’Robert Gates hesitated , considering the once      possibility that has become more and more plausible lately.’ ’"Could you imagine a President Donald Trump ? " a President Donald Trump was asked.’ ’"In all honesty , that’ ’s difficult for ’’ ’Robert Gates , " a President Donald Trump told Business Insider in an interview earlier this week.’ ’In fact , the entire 2016 presidential field seems to be confounding Gates , one of the    military officials in modern US history.’ ’Gates served as the US secretary of defense under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , and is the only person to have held that position under two presidents of two different political parties.’ ’Yet just more than a week before the first votes are cast in the presidential primaries , none of the current crop of candidates , Gates told Business Insider , stands out as especially presidential.’ " Hillary Clinton , the Democratic    with whom Gates worked in the Obama administration , does not have Gates endorsement . Some of Trump ’s rhetoric is not helpful . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Trump main GOP rival , does n’t know what he Trump’s main GOP rival talking about . " ’"People are making a lot of grandiose promises and pledges to do one thing or another , either on domestic affairs or on foreign policy , " said Gates , who is promoting ’ ’"But I haven’’t heard anybody really talking about how they would fix some of the problems that they’’re describing and how they they actually implement them they " he they’’re ’Gates went on to take an apparent swipe at Trump , who has proposed to build a wall along the    border and " make Mexico pay for it . " ’ ’"Some of the rhetoric in terms of how they they deal with problems is frankly totally unrealistic , in terms of making other countries do one thing or another , and so on , " Gates told Business Insider.’ ’"So what we’’re hearing , " he we’’re , " is people competing with each other to make    and more fantastic promises about all the things they’’re going to change that , in my experience , are completely incompatible with reality . " ’ ’’ ’Gates has been struck by the phenomenon of both Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who has risen as an insurgent challenger to Clinton on the Democratic side.’ ’But he we’’re issue with what he we’’re Trump’ ’s "   " rhetoric , particularly on foreign policy . Trump Trump professes at campaign rallies that his Trump " the Islamic State terrorist group , also known as ISIS . And Trump Trump been subject to intense criticism for a plan to temporarily bar Muslim tourists and immigrants from entering the country.’ ’"How he Trump to deal with issues is pretty unrealistic , " Gates said of Trump.’ " Gates Gates perhaps even harsher criticism later in the week for Cruz , who has emerged as Trump Trump threat on the Republican side . Cruz last year   an indiscriminate strategy that critics say would lead to large numbers of civilian casualties . " ’In a Tuesday " Morning Joe " interview , Gates said the tactic would be " totally useless " and end up backfiring on decades of US war strategy.’ 
 