Donald J. Trump said on Thursday that the pastor who interrupted Donald J. Trump remarks at an    church in Flint , Mich. was " a nervous mess " when she introduced Donald J. Trump and that Donald J. Trump thought " something was up " with she . During Donald J. Trump visit to Bethel United Methodist Church on Wednesday , Mr. Trump , started to assail Donald J. Trump Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , for being a failure . As Donald J. Trump spoke , the Rev. Faith Green Timmons came over to him and said , " Mr. the Rev. Faith Green Timmons , I invited you here to thank us , " and added , " not make a political speech . " Mr. Trump addressed the awkward exchange Mr. Trump interview on Fox News on Thursday , suggesting that Pastor Timmons had a political agenda . the Rev. Faith Green Timmons plays their games , it does n’t bother me Everyone " Mr. Trump said , claiming Pastor Timmons Mr. Trump when she came up to the Rev. Faith Green Timmons the Rev. Faith Green Timmons added : " the Rev. Faith Green Timmons was so nervous the Rev. Faith Green Timmons she the Rev. Faith Green Timmons like a nervous the Rev. Faith Green Timmons . I figured something the Rev. Faith Green Timmons up . " Some conservatives defended Mr. Trump on Thursday , pointing to a Mr. Trump in which she wrote that the visit was an opportunity to educate Republican the Rev. Faith Green Timmons as evidence that she was planning to embarrass him . While that post does the Rev. Faith Green Timmons appear on Mr. Trump Facebook page , Pastor a Facebook post in which she wrote that the visit was an opportunity to educate Republican candidate as evidence that she was planning to embarrass him address the controversy there the Rev. Faith Green Timmons Facebook night . " Had he stuck to what his camp claimed he came to do , Pastor Timmons would not have Pastor Timmons a problem Pastor Timmons " she wrote . Mr. Trump has shown more discipline on the the Rev. Faith Green Timmons trail in recent weeks , but his criticism of the pastor demonstrated that he is still willing to Mr. Trump back against perceived slights . Mr. Mr. Trump also allowed himself to belittle Mrs. Clinton ’s recent illness Mr. Trump rally on Wednesday Mr. Trump , suggesting that she could not stand for such an event and that she was probably Mrs. Clinton lying in bed . " After the interruption at Mrs. Clinton church , Mr. Trump went on to discuss the economic situation in Flint . He Mr. Trump Thursday that most of the people who attended the event at Mr. Trump church welcomed him warmly . " The audience was saying ‘ let him the church let Mr. Trump speak,’ " Mr. Trump said . " The The audience Mr. Trump so great . Mr. Trump But a Mr. Trump who was traveling Mr. Trump The audience account , describing a scene where several members of the audience Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and questioned a pool reporter who was traveling Mr. Trump about reports that he had discriminated against black people The audience Mr. Trump According to the Mr. Trump report , Pastor Mr. Trump defended Mr. Trump and told the crowd that he was " a guest of my church and you Mr. Trump him . " Mrs. Clinton , in North Carolina Pastor Timmons Thursday , lamented Mr. Trump ’s attack on Pastor Timmons , Pastor Timmons it was unwarranted . " He called her a Mr. Trump " Mrs. Clinton said at a news Pastor Timmons " That ’s Mr. Trump’s attack on Pastor Timmons Mr. Trump insulting , it ’s dead Mrs. Clinton . " She added : Mrs. Clinton ’s a rock for her community in trying times . She deserves better , a news conference Flint deserves better   — Mrs. Clinton in fact , Mrs. Clinton does America . " Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 