   Michael Ian Black shared a link to a fake news website in an attempt to criticize Breitbart News as " " in a post on   Michael Ian Black social media account on Saturday . [ Writing on his social media account , the Child ’s First Book of Trump author posted a link to a fake news website , bartbartnews . com , to claim that Breitbart News had posted a "   piece " because it ’s " what they love . "   As if on cue ,   Michael Ian Black has a    piece because they are Jew they . It ’s what they love . they Hanukkah . https :   .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) December 18 , 2016 ,   When informed by a Twitter user that the link he had posted was fake , Black responded by further bashing former Breitbart News chairman and current White House chief strategist Steve Bannon . HOISTED ON MY OWN PETARD ! But Steve Bannon is current White House chief strategist Steve Bannon white supremacist with    leanings and a history of domestic abuse . _ ( ツ ) ¯ https :   .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) December 18 , 2016 ,   I ’m bashing Steve Bannon and the current White House chief strategist Steve Bannon . If some Jews work among them then yes , I some Jews bashing them as well . https some Jews   .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) December 18 , 2016 ,   Earlier Saturday , the     Wet Hot American Summer star tweeted a response to a Breitbart News article that had mentioned him , writing that he Breitbart " finally " Breitbart " attacked by Breitbart . " The article Breitbart that Black a Breitbart News article that had mentioned him of several celebrities who had criticized    Donald Trump over the ongoing violence in Aleppo , Syria . FINALLY attacked by Breitbart .   ( BTW Breitbart Steve Bannon is a white supremacist ) https :   .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) December 17 , 2016 ,   The bartbartnews . com website is clearly fake its header features an    version com website the real Breitbart . com ’s " Breitbart " logo and also includes a tagline : " Where America Gets More News . " " Bartbart News is a source of news that ’s more truthful than other news . We only report on real things and pride ourselves on the things we do We , " the We website ’s " About " section reads . When reached for comment on Sunday , Black   —    who got his start in Hollywood on the MTV comedy show The State and and is currently filming the Netflix series Wet Hot American Summer : 10 Years Later , the second followup to the 2001 movie   —    explained that he had linked to the fake his in error and did not remove the post because he anticipated he would be criticized his doing his . " I linked to the site in error and , the fake site in error next tweet , admitted my error , " Black wrote in a tweet . " I did n’t remove it because the last time I removed an offending post , I got attacked for both posting and then removing the post . I figured it was the post to leave the admission of error and original post in place . " " Steve Bannon remains a white supremacist with    leanings and a history of domestic abuse , " he added . Breitbart just contacted me about Steve Bannon article I linked to a parody site which I mistakenly attributed to Breitbart . Q ’s and A ’s below Breitbart pic . twitter .    —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack ) December 18 , 2016 ,   Notably , Black ’s tweets represent precisely the kind of " targeted harassment " ( predicated on fake news , no less ) that Twitter has accused conservative commentators of perpetrating , including Breitbart ’s own Milo Yiannopoulos . Yiannopoulos was Breitbart from the service earlier this Milo Yiannopoulos .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 Twitter 