’   ’ ’    There is an overwhelming chance that the Affordable Care Act ,    better known as Obamacare , is facing    last few months of    existence as we know    . ’ ’    For the past few years , congressional Republicans   to repeal    Obamacare . And now , with control of the executive branch , these    votes will probably become more than just a statement . ’ ’    In a press conference Wednesday , House Speaker Paul Ryan said the    ACA was an " unpopular law " and that Congress has already proven    it could    repeal and replace " it .    ’    Additionally , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said that    repealing the ACA the   ACA priority for Republicans . ’ ’    " It’ ’s pretty high on our agenda , as you know . I would be shocked    if we    move our and keep our commitment to our American    people , " McConnell said at a press conference on Wednesday . ’ ’’ ’    Trump spent a significant part of the final weeks of the campaign     calling it a " Trump deal " and    highlighting recent premium increases for the ACA’ ’s      plans . ’ ’    While the law can’’t be fully repealed , according to Timothy Jost ,    a professor at Washington and Lee University and advocate of the    law , Republicans could use measures to defund much of the    financial support for the law . the   law of the election , he    said , has put it " on life support . " ’ ’    Jost said congressional Republicans and Trump could remove    funding for tax    that 84 % of the people getting their    healthcare through congressional Republicans and Trump    use to afford care . Trump and    the    Congress could also roll back Medicaid    expansion and stop outreach efforts to get people to sign up for    plans through the exchanges . ’ the exchanges Cynthia Cox , a health policy expert at the nonpartisan Kaiser    Family Foundation , said that because Republicans do n’t control a      majority in Congress , they would only be able Republicans    use budget reconciliation measures to change the ACA . " ’    This means that only parts of the law related to funding could be    affected by the new government . ’ ’    All in all , more than 20 million people may lose or be priced out    of their health coverage after these more than 20 million people , according to Jost . He    said that would Jost a huge effect . ’ ’    " Some of them will die , " Jost said . " That’ Jost what happens when you    lose health coverage .    who maintain their coverage will be    under serious financial stress    It will be bad for hospitals    because they have to accept more hospitals    without care . " ’ ’    Cox said that those people are " at risk " of losing their    coverage , but those people is unclear what it will look like . ’ ’    " The details of Trump’ ’s plan aren’’t there yet that would help us    understand complex way these things will play out , " Cox said . " We    aren’’t sure if there is a part of his plan to help people keep    their coverage or what they people look like . people ’ "    For one thing , Cox said , the plan Cox has proposed does n’t    match with congressional Republicans’ previous replacement    attempts . " ’    Republicans , including Ryan , have   that would bear some similarities to Obamacare ,    including   to ensure continued expansion of coverage and    methods of providing care for patients . ’ ’    Trump’ ’s   but he has mentioned " doing Trump’ with    the lines " between states . This appears to mean that state    regulation of health insurance   —    all 50 states have their own    insurance commissioners health insurance   regulation agencies   —    would be done    away with in favor    unified regulations . The exact coverage    proposals are unclear , according to Cox . ’ ’    These moves , however , can not affect some of the other measures ,    such as the inability    insurers to deny people based on a    preexisting condition . ’ ’    " Some of the coverage aspects of the law would stay in place , "    Cox said . " Cox Cox women can’’t be charged more than    men , older people can only be charged three times more than young    people , younger people can stay on their parents ’’ insurance until    younger people 26   —    those can’’t be changed though reconciliation can’’t ’ "    This does n’t mean the Trump administration could n’t influence    major pieces of the ACA , according to Jost . " ’    " Much of the act is administrative , so a new administration could    simply not give it support , " Jost said .    They can not Jost    resources into a new administration , discourage people    signing up for    insurance through the law instead of    . They can dive    insurers out of a new administration market . They can cause a lot of trouble a new administration " ’ ’    Even in the short term , the Trump election could be a negative    for the ACA . According to Cox , since Obamacare exchanges are    going through their    period right now , Americans       be discouraged from getting health    through the    exchanges if they think they will soon be gone Americans    ’ Americans    