UPDATE : Reports have surfaced that Cruz told reporters after the Trump summit on Thursday that Trump asked Cruz to speak at the Republican National Convention , and Cruz has accepted the speaking slot . [ Cruz tells reporters that Trump has asked Trump to speak at the Republican National Convention and that Trump has accepted ,   —    Alan He ( @alanhe ) July 7 , 2016 ,    Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and his Donald Trump vanquished primary rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) met today , with Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus , at the National Republican Senatorial Committee ( NRSC ) headquarters on Capitol Hill as a potential Cruz endorsement of Trump looms . The Washington Post ’s Philip Rucker first reported the meeting on Twitter : " Donald Trump Reince Priebus are meeting with Ted Cruz now at NRSC HQ , possible endorsement deal , per source . " Donald Trump and Donald Trump and Reince Priebus Cruz Cruz Reince Priebus HQ , possible endorsement deal , per source . NRSC HQ, possible endorsement deal, per source , 2016 ,   The news comes as reports surfaced Thursday morning that Cruz has begun Cruz for a potential 2020 presidential campaign . " Ted Cruz has Cruz silent since his return to Capitol Cruz from the campaign trail , but the gears , as always , are turning , " Eliana Johnson and Tim Alberta wrote in National Review Thursday . " Behind closed doors Cruz has been supervising Cruz vast expansion of his electoral enterprise , Cruz the operations of his campaign team   Cruz    policy , political , financial   —    in an effort to harness his newfound national following Cruz an eye on 2020 . " Cruz , in the Cruz of a rough presidential primary with Trump that oftentimes got very personal in both directions , has thus far refused to back Trump in the general election against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton . His spokeswoman Catherine Frazier told Breitbart News Trump Thursday in response to the National Review piece detailing his planned 2020 presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton that Cruz is not yet Cruz to back the Republican nominee for president —   despite presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton pledge to do so last summer —   even though Trump is the only person who can beat Hillary Clinton in November . " As Cruz has said , Cruz is watching and listening and will take time before he makes a decision , " Frazier said in an presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton . Sources told Breitbart News that Priebus played a presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton role going " all out " as peacemaker inside . Cruz ’s team , Cruz statement after the meeting , called it a " good meeting " but said an endorsement was not discussed . " Sen. Cruz and Donald Trump had a good meeting this morning , " Cruz ’s team said in Cruz . " Sen. Cruz any endorsement . Mr. Trump asked Sen. Cruz Cruz’s team the Republican convention , and Sen. Cruz said he would be happy to do so . Mr. Trump also asked Donald Trump for his counsel on future judicial nominations , and Cruz responded Sen. Cruz continue to Sen. Cruz everything he can to help ensure principled constitutionalists Donald Trump courts Sen. Cruz Sen. Cruz familiar Sen. Cruz the details of the goings on in Sen. Cruz meeting Sen. Cruz that attendees were Trump , Sen. Cruz , Priebus , Trump ’s daughter Ivanka Trump , Ivanka ’s husband and Trump confidante Jared Kushner , Cruz ’s campaign manager Jeff Roe , Trump ’s convention manager and top aide Paul Manafort and Trump, Cruz chief of staff Katie Walsh . In the meeting Trump, Cruz which one source described as a " very good meeting , Trump, Cruz and Cruz agreed to stop working against each other on political matters . They agreed , also , to work together on policy and political matters where they agree , and Trump asked for Cruz ’s help on selecting judicial nominations —   something Cruz agreed Trump and Cruz help Trump with . Also in the meeting , Trump did not ask Trump and Cruz for an endorsement Trump, Cruz   the Cruz said —   and Cruz did not offer one Cruz But Trump did Trump, Cruz Cruz a convention speaking the meeting something Trump, Cruz accepted on the Cruz . This source described the meeting as a " productive mending Cruz fences " between Cruz and Trump Trump, Cruz the tumultuous Cruz . The meeting comes after Alice Cruz , Cruz ’s former communications director the source said the the meeting Cruz as vice president during an Independence Day Cruz on Trump, Cruz . Trump has yet to select a the meeting . But , Cruz National Review piece detailed on Thursday , Cruz has Cruz two new organizational arms —   a 501 ( c)3 Trump, Cruz a 501 ( c)4 —   designed for his future . His chief of staff Paul Teller also is leaving Cruz Senate office to lead the organizations , all while a new chief of staff David Polyansky will take over his Senate office . " Central to these plans his the creation of two new affiliated nonprofits , His chief of staff Paul Teller names to be announced in the coming days , which will effectively keep Cruz ’s political machinery humming over a new chief of staff David Polyansky years , " Johnson and Alberta reported . " These groups , one a 501 ( c)3 the creation of two new affiliated nonprofits the other a 501 ( c)4 , will be responsible for everything from championing Cruz ’s legislative priorities to maintaining his donor database and coordinating his    travel . They will be an outgrowth of Cruz ’s existing campaign apparatus , the nucleus of which has remained active in the aftermath of his departure Cruz’s race on May 3 . " Johnson and Alberta continued his noting that these political future plans Cruz has Cruz Cruz’s scrambled the pecking order inside the senator ’s orbit " as Polyansky —   who was " a political strategist who was senior adviser to the presidential campaign " takes over as Chief of Staff Cruz Teller " will be departing to serve as senior adviser to the nonprofit groups . " " Mark Campbell , the national political director of Cruz ’s presidential campaign , will serve as executive director and board chairman of the organizations , " Johnson and Alberta wrote . " Bryan English , who served as Cruz ’s    director , and Brian Phillips , who Cruz campaign ’s    communications from Houston , will also join the allied groups , which Campbell says are intended to build on the movement inspired by the Cruz campaign Cruz educating and mobilizing ‘ grassroots leaders as to the importance of conservative Cruz’s presidential campaign new operation will launch with roughly half a dozen staffers working remotely , though Cruz officials expect eventually to have offices in Washington and Texas . With the exception of Teller , who will join from Cruz ’s Senate office , the organizations’ staffers will consist entirely of aides from the senator ’s presidential campaign . " So Cruz what Cruz has done is roll his entire presidential campaign —   or as much of it as he could keep Cruz   into a hibernation roughly half a dozen staffers working remotely and wait for 2020 . If Cruz ends up backing Trump for president —   and Cruz for him every step Cruz the way —   and Trump loses , then Cruz wo his entire presidential campaign get the blame for Hillary Clinton winning . But if Cruz stays a bitter loser , and Cruz to back Trump in November and does n’t fight for him Cruz then Cruz will —   along with other Republicans —   bear Cruz of the brunt of Trump ’s loss . For what it ’s Cruz , Frazier also challenges the way the National Review framed the Trump of these organizations —   Cruz they are Cruz in preparation for 2020 but instead " natural progressions " of a    Cruz . " It Trump that a c3 and c4 have been created and that Cruz has named a new chief of staff after the former went to go work for these organizations of those groups , " Frazier said in an email . " All very natural progressions in the aftermath of a presidential campaign . " Of course , all of that calculating for 2020 changes should Trump shock all of his detractors and win in November . Most of the rest of the Republican Party has come around to backing Trump for president , and Cruz remains one of the few lasting detractors . If Cruz gets on board , Trump will be able to legitimately claim he Trump unified the Republican Party Trump, Cruz move on to take down Cruz Rodham Clinton in November . 
 Trump, Cruz Trump, Cruz Cruz Hillary Clinton November the Republican Party 