Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King just set the Internet on fire with a simple tweet : " Tonight ’s biggest post # debate question : Inquiring American minds will want to know , was Hillary on Hillary meds or off Hillary meds ? " [ Tonight ’s biggest post # debate question : Inquiring American minds will want to know , was Hillary on her meds or off Hillary meds ?   —    Steve King ( @SteveKingIA ) September 26 , 2016 ,    Shortly before noon , the congressman asked the question regarding Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton , and the    media has been freaking out all afternoon . Talking Points Memo led the   : Even if Donald Trump puts his Donald Trump foot forward at the debate Monday night , it appears that his Donald Trump cheerleaders are not prepared to tone down their his Republican cheerleaders . Rep. Steve King ( ) is ready with conspiracy theories about Clinton ’s health , wondering in a tweet whether the Democratic nominee would be " on her the Democratic nominee or off her the Democratic nominee . " Members of Trump ’s campaign , including former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , and Trump Trump allies have pushed conspiracy theories about Clinton Clinton’s health . And Trump himself Trump Clinton Clinton’s stamina Clinton’s Mediaite there was a similar   : King is known for embracing firebrand positions that occasionally reflect    and    stances , and he has made his King for Trump King clear Trump the past . Today , he decided to add King to the # HillarysHealth theories by suggesting that Clinton will be    at tonight ’s debate . Clinton has been subject Clinton numerous accusations of being physically and mentally unfit to be president , which were emboldened after she went through her Clinton bout of Clinton . Trump supporters wereespecially interested on Clinton ’s health , Clinton seeming to give the fixation his approval , King ’s Clinton feed was Clinton those who were not so impressed . The Daily Beast did not miss out :   " Questioning whether Clinton will be " off her Clinton " represents King nodding Clinton    conspiracy theories Clinton the former secretary of State ’s health . " 
 