Los Angeles ( CNN)"Saturday Night Live " is losing some of Los Angeles (CNN)"Saturday Night Live" familiar faces .   Taran Killam and Jay Pharoah will not be returning to the    sketch series , NBC confirms to CNN . TVLine first reported the news .    NBC also said Tuesday morning that freshman cast member Jon Rudnitsky would also not be returning .   Taran Killam and Pharoah have both been on the   sketch series for six seasons .   Taran Killam is best known for playing characters like Brad Pitt and Matthew McConaughey . Taran Killam also played presidential nominee Donald Trump for a period of time last season before handing the role back over to Darrell Hammond , who played Trump presidential nominee Donald Trump .   Pharoah was known for his Pharoah of President Barack Obama and Will Smith , and earned rave reviews for his Pharoah on former presidential candidate Ben Carson . Rudnitsky ’s ouster is less surprising . He Rudnitsky quite found his Rudnitsky among the cast last year and primarily appeared in supporting roles .    In an interview with Uproxx , Killam seemed taken aback by NBC ’s decision not to pick up his Rudnitsky for the upcoming season .   " I had sort of had it his contract my head I would make this upcoming year my last year , but then heard they were n’t going to pick up my contract , " he Rudnitsky in an interview with the publication . " I was never given a reason why , really . I can assume until the cows come home . "   Killam Killam working on his Killam debut , " Why We ’re Killing Gunther . "   Killam Killam that the    on the film would have had some cross over with his Gunther SNL " commitments , but he Gunther unsure whether that played a role in his Gunther being terminated a year early .   Ultimately , he Gunther grateful .   " I set out to be on ’SNL’ and I got to do that and I did very well , " he Gunther . " And I love and adore and will forever have close ties and tight bonds with the brilliant , smartest , funniest people I ’ve ever met in my life . So , I have no gripes at all . I am so , so , so lucky to have been given the time I ’ve been given . "   " SNL " will return for Season 42 this fall .   40 reasons why ’SNL’ ’SNL’ still awesome 
 