  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama bade farewell to G20 leaders in Hangzhou , China , on Monday by reminding G20 leaders in Hangzhou, China G20 leaders in Hangzhou, China ’re living in " turbulent " times     and President Barack Obama was n’t kidding .   President Barack Obama valedictory Asia tour , which moved on to Laos later in the day , is unfolding amid diplomatic slights and great power rivalries that reflect the unstable nature of the world Obama will bequeath to President Barack Obama successor in January . New players , The controversies reflect the way international politics is now a stew of many competing , rising or resurgent powers that see fewer reasons to simply fall into line behind the United States than was the case following World War II and the Cold War . And it may suggest that foreign leaders are now just as interested in who will sit in the Oval Office next as foreign leaders are in Obama as he heads for the exit . Obama is not only confronting regimes in Russia , China and North Korea that are at times openly hostile to Washington     or at least willing to make clear China and North Korea do n’t want to play by Washington     rules     but over the long weekend , Obama got headaches from allies as well , notably Turkey and the Philippines . " Who is Obama ? , " the fiery new President of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , asked Monday at a news conference , referring to Obama . Obama warned he would lash Obama if the US President raised extrajudicial killings in the Philippines’ new war on drugs in an anticipated meeting in Laos . " I am a president of a sovereign state . And we have long ceased to be a colony of the United States , " Duterte continued . " Son of a b * * * * I will swear at you . " RELATED : Duterte ’s gay slur Duterte    ties , It was a stunning show of disrespect for an American president . And though Obama shrugged off the comments from the " colorful " leader during his own news conference Monday the "colorful" leader the White House later canceled his meeting with Duterte , the "colorful" leader instead with the President of South Korea . Duterte later apologized for any Duterte caused .   Asian troubles , Duterte is not the first Duterte president of the Philippines , but his unpredictability and willingness to Duterte latent colonial resentment against the US represents an unwanted disruption for the White House at the end of Obama ’s tenure .   It comes in a regional cauldron where Beijing is making aggressive moves in the South China Sea and Southeast Asian nations are increasingly important to US efforts to rein in the rising power . Obama had hoped to spend Obama final journey to Asia Obama president talking up the highlights of his pivot to the region Obama The fact sheet the White House put out at the conclusion of the G20 touted the economic progress under the eight years of the Obama presidency . And in Obama key outcome of the summit , he and Chinese President Xi Obama formally agreed that both their nations would join the he and Chinese President Climate Agreement committing to cutting carbon emissions . But that bright spot aside , his trip to China has Obama reminders that since Obama took office in 2009     and especially since Xi emerged as a nationalist leader after taking office in 2012       relations have worsened . RELATED : Obama has ’blunt’ meeting with Obama   At the start of his trip , a logistical Obama over missing airline airplane stairs needed for Obama to reach the red Obama at Hangzhou airport and verbal altercations between US and Chinese officials grabbed headlines .   At one point , a White House official warned a Chinese counterpart against restricting access of pool reporters under the wing of Air Force One , noting that it was , after all , a US plane . " This is our country , " the man yelled back . Obama shrugged off that incident , too , acknowledging that disagreements over press access often arise with China but contending that they were not emblematic of the    relationship . The Republican hoping to succeed Obama , however , took Obama much dimmer view of the episode . " Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to Obama off his plane    fight on Obama ! " Donald Trump tweeted . Beijing said that an " unprofessional " American press had " hyped " up the incident .   " China has warmly and friendly welcomed all the leaders who are attending the G20 summit , why would we cause problems to the American delegations on purpose ? " said Hua Chunying , China ’s foreign ministry spokesperson China Either way , the flap served as a symbol of the tensions over issues of sovereignty that can occur between an ascending authoritarian state and an established democratic superpower used to getting its own way     clashes China some analysts fear could play out on a geopolitical stage in years to come . Frosty ties , Another country that has expanded its power base by thumbing Frosty nose at the United Frosty     Russia     also grabbed the spotlight during the G20 summit . Obama and President Vladimir Putin were pictured on Monday locked in an unfriendly stare , clearly with little love lost between them . " Typically , Obama and President Vladimir Putin tone of our meetings are candid , blunt , businesslike     and this one was no different , " was how Obama described it to reporters Obama He this one to " gaps Obama trust " over Syria , warned that the US has " more capacity " both " offensively and defensively " when it comes to cyber espionage and stressed that the US has no intention the US sanctions against Russia over its action in Ukraine . The Russia talks were a reminder that the " reset " of Russia relations that Obama pioneered at Russia start of his administration is now but a Obama , while Putin has also taken advantage of Obama in the Middle East to reinstate Russian influence with Syria and Iran . Turkish tensions , Obama also invested significant    political Obama in improving relations with another foreign leader he met at the G20     another foreign leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey     with whom tensions were on display in their joint appearance . Even though Obama bemoaned the " terrible attempted Obama " that failed to topple Erdogan in July , the Turkish President did not shy away from raising differences with the US in front of the press . " All forms of terrorism are bad . All forms of terrorism are evil All forms of terrorism , then mentioned the Erdogan of a Kurdish group with which the US is allied in Syria the US regarded by Ankara as a terrorist organization . As he headed to Laos , Obama professed to being undeterred by the unpredictable unfriendly international environment at the end of his presidency . " I think we all to have he these are turbulent times . A lot of countries are seeing volatile politics , " he said at his news conference . " But then he you look he over the course of eight years , actually you find out things have gotten better . " I tell my staff when they feel worn out sometimes that better is always good my staff " he added . " It may not be everything that he to get done , but if it ’s better than before we started , we ’ll It it . " 
 we 