GOP frontrunner Donald Trump holds just a    lead over Ohio Gov. John Kasich in Pennsylvania , according to a new poll of the Keystone State . [ The survey finds GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 33 percent support , followed closely by Kasich with 30 percent support . Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is well within the poll a new poll of the Keystone State margin of error .   This poll , from Franklin and Marshall College , shows a tightening of the race since its past surveys the race Trump has GOP frontrunner Donald Trump a lead in Pennsylvania since October , but the lead is a lead in Pennsylvania other candidates drop out of the race and support consolidates behind his remaining GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . Kasich has been the primary beneficiary of this , seeing his support surge from Kasich percent in January to effectively tied for the lead today . a lead in Pennsylvania Ted Cruz is currently third , with 20 percent support . Almost     Republicans , 17 percent , are still undecided in Pennsylvania , which votes on April 26 . Only registered Republicans in the state ’s " closed primary . " The states has 71 delegates , but awards them in such a way The states any of the three candidates can walk away with a significant number of delegates . The winner of the statewide vote receives 17    delegates , which includes the three RNC delegates , who are bound to support the candidate winning the state on the first the state the RNC convention . Another 54 delegates are awarded through the commonwealth ’s 18 Congressional Districts , but with a particular Keystone twist . In Pennsylvania , individual delegates run for election with their names on the ballot . individual delegates is similar the first ballot at the RNC convention direct election process in Illinois , with the notable exception that the Pennsylvania delegates are n’t publicly affiliated with Pennsylvania Presidential campaign . In other words , the delegate ’s candidate preference is n’t listed on the ballot , as it is in the first ballot at the RNC convention The top three the delegate’s candidate preference in each Illinois district become delegates to the convention . This gives an enormous advantage to campaigns that have a large and sophisticated ground operation in the state . Each campaign not only has to turn out its supporters in each district , but it Each campaign to arm them with the specific Each campaign they need to Each campaign for in the primary Each campaign Again , the ballot will not detail which campaign a delegate is allied with . The individual voters will have to know in advance which delegates will support their preferred candidate . The Pennsylvania contest is The individual voters 55 separate elections . There is the simple , statewide contest to win the commonwealth ’s 17 delegates . There are also , though , 54 separate elections in each of the commonwealth ’s 18 congressional districts . Donald the commonwealth likely focus his attention on the contest for Pennsylvania ’s 17 Donald Trump delegates The Pennsylvania contest yet shown the kind of campaign infrastructure that could Donald Trump compete at the CD level . He still , however , faces considerable headwinds in his favorablity ratings Donald Trump Republicans in the state . Trump runs roughly Donald Trump with Pennsylvania GOP voters on favorable ratings , Donald Trump 46 percent having a Pennsylvania view of him and 41 percent a negative view . By contrast , 48 Donald Trump of Republicans have a favorable view of Ted Cruz , while just 36 percent have an unfavorable view . In a hypothetical general election    both Trump and Cruz trail Hillary Clinton . Hillary leads Trump by 13 points , Ted Cruz Cruz trails Hillary by 10 points Trump , in this poll Ted Cruz least , Hillary does n’t appear to have any general election    appeal in Pennsylvania Trump Pennsylvania ’s primary is still a little more than a month away . Trump has been able to win a host of states through sheer momentum Trump a    primary calendar . The shift now to a slower primary calendar will be a real test of whether Trump can maintain that energy . Pennsylvania , in particular , will test Trump a large ground game is Pennsylvania an important component of Presidential campaigns . 
 