Washington ( CNN ) Think " Trump orbit " in a recreational sense , and Trump orbit ’s likely golf or gilded interiors come to mind     a vision of    playgrounds replete with ribeye steaks and crystal chandeliers . Rustic ? Not so much . But this weekend , President Donald Trump , first lady Melania Trump and presumably     Barron are testing the woodsy digs at Camp David , the rural presidential getaway deep in the mountains of Maryland . It will be the President ’s first trip to Camp David , and the President’s first weekend overnight trip away from the White House not at a    property . It ’s an unusual decision for the President , who is widely known as someone who does n’t like to disrupt the President’s daily routine or spend weekends anywhere except at    properties .   More to the point on this weekend ’s overnighter , the President appears to have a predisposed opinion of Camp David , which the President shared with a European journalist shortly before the President was sworn in .   " Camp David is very rustic . It ’s nice , you ’d like It , " the President quipped . " You know how long you ’d like It ? For about 30 minutes . " But others speak of the presidential retreat more kindly . " It ’s a place others can let others hair down and relax , " says Marti Mongiello , who in the 1990s worked as a chef and manager at Camp David , which is located near the tiny town of Thurmont , Maryland . " There are n’t people waiting to take pictures . If others want to walk and feel alone in the woods , others can do that . " Mongiello , a colorful figure who now runs a small North Carolina inn which is also home to the Presidential Culinary Museum , served the Clintons during his tenure . his says his is familiar with Trump ’s eating habits as well , having consulted on a handful of Trump property restaurants .   " If and when they are at Camp David , the place will be stocked with his favorites , those Keebler Vienna Fingers cookies , and better have the Lay ’s potato chips , " his said , adding that the Secret Service will also have probably checked out the nearest Kentucky Fried Chicken locations , just in case POTUS gets a craving . " You have to figure that out . They ’ll map , know , target and analyze how to get in and get out of at least three locations , " his said , adding that staff got used to fast food runs during Bill Clinton ’s visits .   ( For the record , there ’s a KFC in Thurmont that ’s open until midnight on Saturdays , and one just over the border in Waynesboro , Pennsylvania , about a    drive from Camp David . ) Outside of easy access to fried chicken , Trump could also get to know Camp David for its Trump purposes it Trump a fully activated government safe zone , just a    Marine One helicopter ride from the South Lawn of the White House . " There ’s a great element of secrecy , " Thurmont Mayor John Kinnaird told CNN in March . " But , I like to say , it does n’t really affect the residents . The President comes and goes and we do n’t ever really know about it . "   Trump , a lover of pomp and circumstance who craves the roar of a crowd , probably wo n’t like that part much either . And then there ’s the mice . " You ’re in the woods , on top of a mountain , so if you see a mouse in the house , do n’t lose your mind , " Mongiello said , recounting one such episode with first lady Hillary Clinton screaming after seeing a rodent . " The Secret Service came running , " he Mongiello . However , most first ladies enjoy accompanying their most first ladies to Camp David , which has approximately 16 cabins that serve as    " houses , " complete with    amenities and plenty of staff to assist VIP needs . There ’s skeet shooting , basketball , tennis , horseback riding , rock climbing , a movie theater , bowling , even laser tag     not to mention so many hiking trails that it ’s easy to get lost .   " Rosalynn Carter tells a great story about walking , seemingly alone , in the woods there with her Rosalynn Carter , and her Rosalynn Carter being alarmed by the sound of leaves crunching behind them , " said Kate Andersen Brower , a CNN contributor and author of " First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies . " " It was Rosalynn ’s Secret Service agent trailing them Kate Andersen Brower, a CNN contributor and author of "First Women: The Grace and Power of America’s Modern First Ladies So even though it ’s more private , the first family still is n’t ever completely alone . "   George W. Bush spent every Christmas as president with his George W. Bush at Camp David .   " [ It ] was like a sanctuary for the Bushes and for a lot of other presidents , " Anita McBride , first lady Laura Bush ’s former chief of staff , told CNN . " George W. and Laura Bush I think had an exceptional relationship with Camp Camp David they had George W. and Laura Bush so much time there . It gave President Bush an opportunity to relax , to have the outdoors at his feet President Bush to get on his bike President Bush to ride around , to just have that freedom of movement that you really do n’t have when you ’re living in the White House . " Hiking , hoops , horses     not exactly the hobbies of Donald J. Trump . However , there is golf . President Dwight D. Eisenhower had a    " course " with multiple tees built outside the Aspen cabin , where most presidents stay . If that does n’t do the trick , Trump can Donald J. Trump off at the Camp David driving range , adjacent to the helicopter pad .   Still , if activities and relaxation are n’t his thing Donald J. Trump Trump might Donald J. Trump to consider Camp David the Camp David purposes many presidents have entertained foreign leaders there .   " He may Donald J. Trump be the kind of person that likes a rustic atmosphere , and that ’s what you ’ll find at Camp David , the Camp David Kinnaird . " At some point , you ’ll find President Trump at Camp David for whatever the Camp David whether it ’s a family getaway , whether it ’s a sensitive meeting it they want to have close to Washington , and it ’s a nice place it visit . I think he ’ll be up here President Trump at Camp David "   This weekend could be the deciding factor . Or it could send Trump back This weekend the gilded President Trump at Camp David of a Trump property . 
 