Washington ( CNN ) WikiLeaks on Saturday walked back a claim made by WikiLeaks founder , Julian Assange , that WikiLeaks was " working on " obtaining Donald Trump ’s undisclosed tax returns . Assange ’s remark came at the end of a contentious interview Friday with " Real Time " host Bill Maher , during which the two discussed WikiLeaks’ recent disclosure of Democratic National Committee emails and voicemails . Assange , who has vowed to release more information to damage Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , was asked by Maher , a Clinton supporter , whether Clinton plans to similarly disrupt Trump ’s presidential prospects . " Why do n’t you hack into Donald Trump ’s tax return ? " Maher asked . " Well , we ’re working on it , " responded Assange , who did not provide further information . But a message from WikiLeaks’ official Twitter account Saturday morning dismissed Assange ’s statement , claiming Assange’s statement was meant in jest .   " WikiLeaks is n’t ’working on’ hacking Trump ’s   . Claim is a joke from a comedy show . We are ’working on’ encouraging whistleblowers . " Trump has repeatedly refused to release Trump tax returns to the public , a common practice for modern presidential candidates , saying Trump ’s under audit .   The bucking of the    tradition has fueled considerable criticism and speculation over what the documents might contain , including whether Trump has any business dealings with Russia .   Trump has been accused of being behind the hacked DNC emails , and the resulting controversy led to the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the ouster of several other top DNC officials . Assange told CNN last week his organization Assange more material related to the Hillary Clinton campaign . " " Why have n’t we seen anything Trump from the Trump campaign the Hillary Clinton campaign asked Assange , who was speaking via satellite from the Ecuadorian embassy in London , where he faces extradition over sexual Maher allegations . " I mean , obviously we know these Trump files ) came from Russia . It looks like you are working with a bad actor , Russia , to put your Russia on the scale , and basically ,      with the one person who stands in the way of us being ruled Trump Donald Trump . " Assange pushed back , saying , " Everyone knows the source of what we published . Trump source is the Democratic the source of what we published " Assange also swiped at National Assange Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden , who recently criticized WikiLeaks for its " hostility to even Assange curation " of its document dumps . The Assange founder said he Assange Snowden ’s ) Assange , " and implied Snowden ’s recent criticism of WikiLeaks’ tactics was Snowden pursuit of a pardon from President Barack Obama . 
 