LAKELAND , FL   —    Under overcast skies and     rain , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump entertained a crowd of several thousand at the city ’s Linder Airport . [ After stepping off Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump iconic Boeing 757 jet , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump immediately boasted about the size of a crowd of several thousand . Hours earlier , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump hosted a rally two hours north in Ocala , FL and questioned whether Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opponent , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , could hold up under a similar rigorous schedule .    " How many of these do you think Hillary can do in a day ? " he Hillary a crowd that booed at the first mention of Clinton . The GOP nominee took his The GOP nominee jabs at the news media   —    a staple at his The GOP nominee . He The GOP nominee the attention of his The GOP nominee to the press pool . " I tell you , these are the most dishonest people you ’ll ever see , " Trump said . " You should be ashamed of yourselves . " Throughout the rally , whenever CNN would attempt a live shot , rally attendees would break out into chants of " CNN CNN . " Trump Trump accusations from Clinton that he Trump her Clinton personal space " during last Sunday ’s presidential debate . According to Trump Trump it was quite the opposite . " Believe me , the last space I want to invade is hers Clinton " Trump Trump . The Republican nominee finds himself The Republican nominee in both national and Florida statewide polls , down six and two respectively , according to the Real Clear Politics average . " I think we ’re going to have a little Brexit coming up in November , " he The Republican nominee .   Throughout the event , Trump Trump attendees of the stakes of the November election and warned if Hillary Clinton were elected , it Hillary Clinton were elected set a new precedent . " She Hillary Clinton be the most dishonest , most corrupt person ever elected to high office , " Trump Trump . " The WikiLeaks emails showed the Department of Justice fed information to Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump also    on his hint from the second presidential debate , in which he his to Clinton Hillary Clinton that it was a good thing Trump Trump n’t in charge of the justice system by saying Clinton would Hillary Clinton " in jail " if he were Hillary Clinton " Folks , what ’s happening in our country   —    it ’s a disgrace , " he said Hillary Clinton " In fact , she lied Hillary Clinton front of Congress to such an extent   —    I tell you what , I ’m thoroughly disappointed in Congress , Congress Republican and Democrat , that they do both Republican and Democrat find a way to do something . " " She deleted Hillary Clinton emails , " he added Hillary Clinton " She has Hillary Clinton go to jail . " Trump ’s stop in Lakeland is his third Trump’s two days and part of a    swing set to wind up tomorrow in West Palm Beach . Lakeland is Lakeland important because it lies Lakeland the Sunshine State ’s    corridor , the    purple region of the state where it is believed that the most undecided votes are up for grabs . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor ,  
 