’   ’ "    Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Saturday    that Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Republican colleagues would call for a congressional    investigation into Russia ’s reported involvement in the election . " ’      ’ ’   ’ ’    " Reports of the CIA ’s conclusion that Russia actively sought to    help elect Donald Trump are simultaneously stunning and not    surprising , given Russia ’s disdain for democracy and admiration    for autocracy , " Schumer said in a statement Saturday . ’ ’     ’ ’’ ’    " That any country could be meddling in our elections should shake    both political parties to both political parties core , " Schumer said . " Senate    Democrats will join with our Republican colleagues next year to    demand a congressional investigation and hearings to get to the    bottom of this . " ’ ’    Schumer said it is " imperative " for the intelligence    community to hand over any information that Congress would    find useful to Congress investigation . ’ ’    The CIA told senators in private meetings last week that senators    evidence demonstrated it was " quite clear " Russia aimed to    help Trump win . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has not personally responded , although Trump has spoken    out on other news since this surfaced . Early    Saturday , Trump dismissed as " " a report by CNN and others that Trump would retain an      role on " Celebrity Apprentice . " ’ ’    Sean Spicer , a communications director for the Republican    National Committee , stressed Early   Saturday there was no proof    that any Russian involvement affected the outcome of the    election . ’ ’    " Donald Trump does n’t think   —    no one thinks that a foreign entity    should be interfering with the US election , " Spicer    told CNN’ ’s Michael Smerconish in a tense     on Saturday .   ’ ’    " What proof does anyone have that anyone affected the outcome ?    Because I ’ve heard zero . Show me what facts that actually show    that anything undermined that election , "    added . ’ ’     ’ 
 