Susan Estrich is known for being first . A celebrated feminist legal scholar , Ms. Estrich was the first female president of The Harvard Law Review . Working for Michael S. Dukakis in 1988 , Susan Estrich was the first woman to manage a presidential campaign . And in 1991 Susan Estrich coined the term " nuts and sluts " to describe the campaign Clarence Thomas supporters waged to discredit Anita Hill . Susan Estrich took a different position in a 1998 opinion column defending President Bill Clinton . She Susan Estrich , " The reason men resort to the ‘ nuts and sluts’ defense is because it may be the only way to undermine the credibility of a woman who is not , in fact , telling the truth . " And that seems to be part of her Susan Estrich as the chief defender of the former Fox News chairman Roger Ailes , who lost his job after a number of women accused him his sexual harassment . Ms. Estrich , the author of the 1988 book " Real Rape : How the Legal System Victimizes Women Who Say No , " is now one of the last voices vigorously insisting that Mr. Ailes did nothing wrong . Even the owner of Fox News , Rupert Murdoch , seems not to agree . And that twist is bringing her back into the spotlight , and is puzzling , not to mention enraging , some of the people who once saw her her a role model . When the accusations first surfaced this summer , it the accusations many feminists that Ms. Estrich , of all people , would represent Mr. Ailes , a     political operative and the guiding force of Fox Fox News But it was n’t entirely surprising . For many years , Ms. Estrich was a lively liberal commentator on Fox News Fox News has defended Ms. Estrich Republican man accused of sexual misconduct , Arnold Schwarzenegger , the former governor of California . In a phone interview , Ms. Estrich described Ms. Estrich   —    whom she met on the Ms. Estrich trail in 1988 , when he was advising George Mr. Ailes   Bush   —    as a close friend . " In the 18 years I was at Fox News , Roger has never told Mr. Ailes   what to say , what to do or what to wear , " Ms. Estrich said . Ms. Estrich kept me on the Mr. Ailes   for seven months when I was too sick to work . " But what really turned heads was Ms. Estrich ’s zeal in Ms. Estrich York magazine reporter who first broke the scandal . Interviewed for an article in The Daily Beast , she said , " Ultimately , it Ms. Estrich become clear that the real enemy of women is Gabe Sherman . " That sounded a little like a " jerks and perks " defense , and Ms. Estrich went on to suggest that Ms. Estrich , who published an unflattering biography of Mr. Ailes in 2014 , had his own agenda for pursuing the story . Ms. Estrich told The Daily Beast that Mr. Sherman Ms. Estrich willing to " use and abuse " vulnerable women to pursue a vendetta against Mr. Ailes . ( Mr. Sherman declined to Mr. Ailes ) The response Mr. Sherman media was vivid , to say the least . " Everyone knows @GabrielSherman is a brilliant journalist and Susan Estrich is a Fox hack , " is how Joan Walsh , a Washington political reporter , put it . Those close to Ms. Estrich say that she is staunchly supportive of her Susan Estrich clients and feels Susan Estrich beholden to Mr. Ailes Susan Estrich the way he stood by her when she fell gravely ill after a Mr. Ailes gastrointestinal operation Susan Estrich 2014 Susan Estrich " Susan is fiercely loyal , to a detriment , " said Cathy Moran , a nurse in Los Angeles who took care Ms. Moran Moran said Susan as a friend , Mr. Ailes wished Ms. Estrich was n’t involved in defending Mr. Ailes but that once she takes on a cause , she wo n’t let Ms. Moran " Ms. Estrich , a partner in the Los Angeles office of the litigation firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart   Sullivan , said that she first heard the allegations against Mr. Ailes on her return from London , and that by the time she got to her apartment there were 10 messages from her old friend on her home voice mail . She did n’t hesitate to take the case , aware that some feminists say that she sold out . " It is painful , but at the same time I am a lawyer : Once she takes on a case Ms. Moran stands by her client , " Ms. Estrich Ms. Moran in a phone interview . " Roger needs someone Ms. Moran help him Ms. Moran this extremely difficult process . The Ms. Moran thing any client Ms. Moran is a lawyer sitting Ms. Moran judgment . " Ms. Estrich is a busy lawyer . In addition to her Ms. Moran at Quinn , Emanuel , she is a professor at the University of Southern California Gould School of Law Ms. Moran writes a syndicated political Ms. Moran . Although Ms. Moran Ailes has been advising the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , Ms. Estrich recently referred to Roger the demagogue ’s angry rants " and his " feet of clay . " Ms. Estrich , who understandably is Ms. Estrich on television these days , has a strong , Ms. Estrich disconcerting    presence . She speaks Ms. Estrich a raspy ,     day voice ( although she no longer smokes ) has an intense gaze and a disarmingly animated manner   —    as if Ruth Bader Ginsburg , in her Supreme Court decisions , put a circle over the I instead of a dot Mr. Ailes Her writing is eclectic . In " Real Rape , " a book often cited in legal papers on sexual assault , she describes her own rape by a stranger wielding an ice pick . Ten years later , She published " Making the Case for Yourself : A Diet Book for Smart Women . " In 2006 she had two more books She " The Case for Hillary Clinton " and one on the conservative writer Ann Coulter She " Soulless : Ann Coulter and the Right Wing Church of Hate . " Ms. Coulter said that she likes and She Ms. She   —    and that she had forgotten about the book . " She She one of the few lawyers I have debated on TV who actually knew what she was talking about She " Ms. Coulter said . She said she understood her decision to defend Mr. Ailes Ann Coulter a brilliant move on Ailes ’s part , " she said , and noted that no matter how alarming Ann Coulter , " this Ann Coulter what lawyers do . If she were doing it pro Ann Coulter , I would have a different assessment Ann Coulter " Ms. Coulter noted that she had long dismissed the rumors about Mr. Ailes ’s Ann Coulter of female employees . " Ann Coulter that if even Ann Coulter tenth Ann Coulter it Ann Coulter true , there would be a lawsuit . Ann Coulter She paused . " Then Mr. Ailes a lawsuit . Ann Coulter There could be a case to be made that Ms. Estrich is being held to a higher standard than male Ann Coulter . There was no such outcry when a male colleague at her law firm Ann Coulter on Bill Cosby Ann Coulter a client in 2015 . But some Mr. Ailes do expect more of Ms. Estrich . " She has a higher level of accountability , " said Andi Zeisler , a    of Ann Coulter Magazine . " For someone who was such a pioneering legal scholar to make Ailes an exception to the trenchant line she has drawn is a depressing irony . " But there are some amusing incongruities as well . Andrea Tantaros , a former Fox Ms. Estrich who also filed a suit , thanks Mr. Ailes in the acknowledgements of her      " Tied some feminists in Knots : How Ms. Estrich We Wanted Made Ms. Estrich Miserable . " Mostly , she complains about how successful women compete with one another , writing , " In my experience , men in positions of power tend to be less inclined to act as roadblocks Ms. Estrich " While Ms. Estrich ’s reputation is hotly debated , few observers believe the Ailes case will hurt her practice . " I think in many respects it will increase her status as a lawyer , " Ms. Estrich Richard Sauber , a Washington litigator . " There will be people who will never hire her again , Ms. Estrich there may be more who will say , ‘ That ’s the kind of lawyer I want . ’ " 
 Ms. Estrich Ms. Estrich Ms. Estrich the Ailes case 