’’ ’On Monday , more than a year of bluster and posturing will come to a head , as the first votes in the    process are cast and the first delegates are allotted in Iowa.’ " Almost 20 presidential candidates have . Almost 20 presidential candidates ’ve blanketed the airwaves with advertisements . And Almost 20 presidential candidates ’ve made a few ideological concessions that happen to appease    voters . " " But behind the scenes , the campaigns understand that Iowa ’s complex nominating process means that simply winning a voter ’s support before the caucus is only the first step . " " That ’s because Iowa’s caucus system , the first nominating contest in the nation , is a fairly complicated process . Iowa will be followed by Nevada , Alaska , Maine , and Wyoming , among others , which all hold closed caucuses within the first six weeks of voting this year . " ’But in the minds of many , the system is not particularly democratic.’ ’"’ " In Iowa ’s case , the state Iowa who will be at least 18 years old on Election Day to caucus in February at one of Iowa ’s 1 Iowa 682 precincts , starting at 7 p. m local time . The vast majority will caucus with either the Democratic or Republican parties , which run quite different processes . " ’Democrats have a much more complicated caucus that focuses on a concept called " viability . " ’ ’Once    have arrived , precinct chairs’ ’’ ’Attendees then divide themselves into " presidential preference groups . " If a candidate doesn’’t meet the viability threshold , supporters can then join another group or attempt to lobby supporters from viable candidates to defect . Once the groups are "presidential preference groups the precinct awards its delegates proportionally.’ ’’ ’The Republican process is somewhat more straightforward , as the race in Iowa looks to come down to    magnate Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) .’ " After campaign surrogates are given the chance to speak briefly in support of their candidate ,    campaign surrogates by   and the tallies are sent to the party ’s state headquarters and relayed to the media . " ’Though the process commits delegates to different candidates , the delegates are by delegates prevented from switching to other candidates.’ " Though individual    counts do not matter if there is an overwhelming favorite for the nomination , the fact that delegates are not committed could become important if the race on either the Republican or Democratic side is close come each party ’s convention . " ’Critics assert the system is unorganized and not especially democratic.’ ’Voting is not anonymous in many cases ,   to gravitate away from their original choice if pressured many cases neighbors and friends.’ ’With no    option , turnout is also low .   during the last    cycle , of the 120 , 000 Iowa Republicans who showed up in 2008 , many were older and wealthier than the average Iowan.’ " The results were n’t much better in 2012 : Only just more than 147 , 000 of the state ’s 2 , 250 , 000 eligible voters actually showed up , . " ’Some    also find the system confusing.’ ’ Christopher Hitchens noted in 2007 that   . Hillary Clinton dispatched campaign staffers to supporters ’’ homes with DVDs explaining how the caucuses worked , because some of her potential supporters found the Hillary Clinton to be " . " ’ ’’ ’’ ’"I think the caucuses are what democracies the caucuses on . The idea that a group of neighbors will get together to talk and debate and decide who they want to be our next a group of neighbors or our next nominee in this case our at the very essence of what America is built on , " Charlie Szold , the ’ ’He added : " They ensure that these campaigns aren’’t Charlie Szold, the ’ ’He about name recognition or TV ads or radio spending . It’ ’s about meeting people , and convincing them and organizing them to come people at a people time . " ’ ’But a larger issue in recent years has been the disorganization of the system itself.’ ’In 2012 , former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) ended up defeating Romney in Iowa   —    but only after the    chair reversed his original call following the discovery of massive amounts of miscounted ballots at more than 130 precincts.’ ’According to The New York Times ,   and misrepresented the percentage of votes picked up by the two candidates.’ ’’ " Iowa officials caution that the caucus Iowa n’t be held to the same standard as an official primary . They argue that it should instead Iowa officials treated as a bellwether for where voter sentiment lies in the state . " ’In 2012 , Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad ( R Iowa commended the process , noting that the caucus is staffed by volunteers the caucus government officials with training and experience overseeing elections.’ ’"I think they generally did a good job , the caucus Branstad said , . " Remember this Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) a caucus , not a primary . So you do n’t have all the professionalism that you have with the county auditors and all of those people handling it . You have volunteers . " this ’Nevertheless , Republicans are working to ensure that this is not a problem in 2016.’ ’"We’’ve made some serious upgrades to the process this time around , " said.’ " Instead of reporting their results via telephone , the Republican ’ ’Nevertheless, Republicans Democratic parties in Iowa are both using a    mobile application to report precinct results . The tallies will be reported in real time as they ’re submitted . " ’’ ’"In The tallies , the way that people reported results was they would call a number and they people literally tap in the results people a keypad in their phone . So a voice would people ’’ Mitt Romney , ’’ and you would have to look at your phone and physically tap in 34 votes or whatever it was , " Szold said.’ ’"The app works very similarly . The huge difference is that you can actually see what you’’re typing in . " ’ 
 