Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton said Hillary Clinton rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at this point in the race do not mean anything given her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has never had " a single negative ad against her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . "   Partial transcript as follows : TODD : You know , it ’s interesting , though . her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s making a case , Bernie Sanders , Senator Sanders , to super delegates , and there ’s another memo that Bernie Sanders, Senator Sanders put out this weekend just showing how much stronger her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is against Donald Trump than you are . our own poll , her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s got a    lead over Donald Trump . you have a    lead over Donald Trump . You made an electability case seven days before the final day of the primary season to super delegates back in 2008 . Why should n’t super delegates , You wanted Why shouldn’t super delegates to listen to your argument eight years ago . Why should n’t super delegates listen to your argument and say maybe he is more Bernie Sanders ? CLINTON : Well , first of all , people have voted for me overwhelmingly in CLINTON Democratic primary process . and that is absolutely clear , and very different from where we were in 2008 . I could make the case , which I did , that I was actually slightly ahead in the popular vote when we ended that we , but i was behind in the pledged delegates super delegates also fair to say that i have been vetted and tested , and I think that that puts me in a very strong position . TODD : You do n’t think Bernie Sanders has been vetted . you do n’t think this long campaign has vetted him ? CLINTON : Let Bernie Sanders say I do n’t think he ’s ever had a Bernie Sanders negative ad against him . That ’s fine Bernie Sanders but we know what we ’re going into and we what it ’s going to take to win in the fall . Finally , I would say that polls this far out mean nothing . They certainly mean nothing to polls this , and i think CLINTON people go back and look , they really mean nothing in people of analyzing what ’s going to happen in the fall . Follow Pam the fall Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 