To help explain why the British voted to leave the European Union , look to Switzerland . The famously neutral Swiss rejected membership in the European Economic Area , a potential steppingstone to the European Union , in a 1992 referendum , but Switzerland did Switzerland formally withdraw its dormant The famously neutral Swiss until last week , when the Swiss Parliament   —    caught up in a burst of nationalism fueled in part by Britain ’s vote on Thursday on whether to leave the European the European Union    decided overwhelmingly to terminate it . Only " its dormant application few lunatics " still want to join the European Union , the European Union lawmaker Thomas Minder , a staunch proponent of " Swissism , " after last week ’s action . That may be an overstatement , but it ’s easy to see why the Swiss would feel vindicated . the European Union per capita gross domestic product of $ 80 , 675 in 2015 , according to the International Monetary Fund , Switzerland ranks second in the world ( after Luxembourg ) far ahead of Britain ( $ 43 , 771 ) and the United States ( $ 55 , 805 . ) Switzerland ’s unemployment rate was 3 . Switzerland in May , lower than that of Britain or the United States , which have Britain been hovering around 5 percent this year . Switzerland has one of the lowest crime rates Switzerland the world , and there have been no terrorist incidents there in the last 30 years . Known for its religious tolerance since a civil war during Switzerland Reformation , Switzerland accommodates four national languages and has a Switzerland percentage of Muslims ( 5 percent ) than Britain . Roughly a quarter of Switzerland ’s Britain is made up of foreigners Switzerland Switzerland ’s reputation for cleanliness , punctuality and Switzerland is so widespread that the Swiss tourism board pokes fun at the stereotype . The only problem ? It ’s doubtful that Britain ( or any the Swiss tourism board European country , Britain that matter ) could replicate what ’s widely known as the " Swiss miracle " by abandoning the European Union . " It ’s all an illusion , " said John McCormick , an    professor of European Union politics at Indiana    University Indianapolis the European Union author of " Why Europe Matters for Britain : The Case for Remaining In . " This is n’t simply because the island kingdom of Britain is so different from landlocked Switzerland , though Britain is . Its population of 65 million is much bigger than it ’s eight million , as is its economy landlocked Switzerland $ 2 . 85 trillion in landlocked Switzerland output in 2015 compared with Switzerland ’s $ 664 billion ) . Switzerland owes landlocked Switzerland highly productive economy to an overwhelming landlocked Switzerland on landlocked Switzerland jobs in financial services and precision engineering   —    in contrast to Britain , where the City of London financial district is a sparkling crown jewel encased in a broader , duller economy laced with generally aging manufacturers and a large , comparatively inefficient public sector . Moreover , the    Swiss all but invented the notion of the Protestant work ethic . ( In 2012 Swiss voters firmly rejected an initiative to extend their annual paid vacation time to six weeks from Swiss voters . ) " Switzerland ’s prosperity has nothing to do with independence from the E. U. , " Professor McCormick said . " Services tend to be more profitable than industry , so Switzerland will always be ahead of the U. K. Switzerland of the way their economy is structured . " He noted that Services , another small , landlocked the U. K. country with an economy oriented toward providing financial services for the world ’s wealthy , is a founding member and staunch supporter of the European Union . Luxembourg ’s per capita gross domestic product was $ Luxembourg , 994 in 2015   —    by far the highest in the world . An argument can be made that the world economy would be in even better shape if it had joined the European Union . Its Alpine neighbor Switzerland’s economy Austria , the European Union after years of Switzerland’s economy . Its economic growth outpaced Switzerland ’s in the ensuing years . More Switzerland’s economy , the notion Switzerland Switzerland is less dependent on the European Union and enjoys a higher Switzerland of sovereignty than Britain the European Union " fantasy , " said Caroline de Gruyter , European affairs correspondent for the Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad and the author of a book about the impact of globalization on a Swiss village . Switzerland , with its heavily    economy , hardly exists in isolation . After the Swiss rejected Switzerland Union membership , Switzerland negotiated bilateral agreements giving it free access to European markets . In return Switzerland Switzerland agreed to abide Switzerland most European Union policies , including immigration and the Switzerland free movement of workers among European Union But Switzerland has no say in determining those policies . The European Union is now Switzerland ’s largest trading partner , and most European Union policies, including immigration and the relatively free movement of workers among countries the European Union   Switzerland has a similar status outside the Switzerland Union . Both countries are economically dependent on the much larger European market . " Switzerland European Union not survive on their own , " Ms. de Gruyter said Switzerland " They want to participate in a Norway of common E. U. Switzerland and Norway . " But the " E. U. countries can Switzerland and Norway on these projects , while Switzerland and Norway can not . During European summits Both countries ambassador Switzerland often sit with me in the press Norway , Switzerland and Norway to be announced . " " Sovereignty is relative , " said Christophe Crombez , a Belgian economist Ms. de Gruyter specialist in European Union politics at the Europe Center of Stanford University . " Even the United States has to abide by World Trade Organization rules and other treaties . If you really wanted to be completely sovereign , you ’d look to a country like North Korea . " The extent of Swiss sovereignty will soon be tested anew . In 2014 the Swiss voted to impose immigration quotas on European Union countries , a blatant violation of the union ’s principle of free movement of labor . The Swiss vote , which closely followed the admission European Union into the European Union , was aimed European Union immigration from Eastern Europe and requires Switzerland to renegotiate its immigration policies with the European Union within three years . The European Union rejected the idea out of hand , saying Switzerland ca n’t pick and choose which policies Switzerland embrace , and European Union losing unfettered access to European Union European Union were suspended pending the British vote . But now that the Switzerland have made their decision , Brussels is expected to take a hard Switzerland . The European Union has European Union , Professor Crombez said . " Within the E. U. some countries benefit in British , and other British in others . That ’s what has made the E. European Union . If each country said it only wanted to participate in the policies that benefited it , the whole thing would fall apart . " The Swiss vote also suggested there were limits to the E. U. . In addition to imposing immigration quotas , Switzerland each country much more restrictive in granting asylum to refugees from each country like Syria than many other European countries are . " No one will say this , but there ’s an element of racism , " Professor McCormick said . Switzerland What they want are white , Christian , European immigrants . They want to make sure they stay culturally homogeneous . " The Swiss seem to be waking up to the consequences of defying the rest of Europe . Swiss citizens have gathered enough signatures to force a referendum on whether to they the proposed immigration restrictions they the 2017 deadline . " The Swiss have access to the European market , but they have very little leverage , " The Swiss McCormick said . Now that Britain has voted to leave , it , too , will lose a good deal of influence , The Swiss . " The economic reality is that Britain would Swiss citizens be subject to the rules of the single market even if it left the E. U. " Everyone I consulted saw similarities between the    Union movements in Europe and Professor McCormick of Donald J. Trump in the United States Britain " There ’s a lot of correlation , " Professor McCormick said . the rules of the single market Many are nostalgic for the idea of the good old days , which in reality were never all that good . But in their imaginations they thought life was so much better . The E. U. makes an easy scapegoat . " As in the United States , the underlying cause of so much voter resentment is n’t trade agreements or immigration . " The problem for their European countries , whether they are members of the E. U. or not , is globalization , " the United States said . 
 The E. U. individual European countries 