  ( CNN ) House oversight committee chairman Jason Chaffetz said Tuesday that if a memo FBI Director James Comey wrote detailing President Donald Trump ’s request to end an investigation exists , then a memo FBI Director James Comey wrote detailing President Donald Trump’s request to end an investigation exists is willing to issue subpoenas to get it a memo FBI Director James Comey wrote detailing President Donald Trump’s request to end an investigation exists " . @GOPoversight is going to get the a memo FBI Director James Comey it exists . @GOPoversight need to see it sooner rather a memo later . I have my subpoena pen ready , " Chaffetz tweeted . Chaffetz later sent Chaffetz letter to Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe , asking for all FBI notes and FBI on Comey ’s communications FBI Director James Comey Donald Trump . Trump asked Comey to President Donald Trump his FBI Director James Comey of Michael President Donald Trump one day after he fired him , FBI Director James Comey to President Donald Trump memo written by Comey detailing their discussion FBI Director James Comey The New York Times first reported the memo Tuesday and a memo written by Comey detailing their discussion familiar with the matter confirmed the contents of the memo to CNN . a memo written by Comey detailing their discussion for House Speaker Paul Ryan showed support for Chaffetz ’s push . " We need to have all the facts , and it is appropriate for the House Oversight Committee to request this memo , " Ryan spokeswoman a memo written by Comey detailing their discussion said in a House Speaker Paul Ryan : White House struggles to answer GOP questions on Capitol Hill House head of the Republican Study Committee , Rep. Mark Walker , said that if the report is true , then it ’s concerning to him . " If that ’s accurate the report I ’m hearing House it ’s not     to say that we would have some concern would be accurate , that would be troubling , " Walker told CNN . " To act like it ’s not Rep. Mark Walker concern would be remiss on my part it " Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , a Washington Republican , also said the report raises questions . " I think it ’s really important right now that we hear from the the report House , " she told CNN . " I think the White House needs to be CNN and transparent about what the White House , too . And I hope that we can get Comey to come up here and testify . we Leaders of the congressional investigations into Russian meddling into the US election last year are also calling on Comey to testify .   The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee Comey Rep. Adam Schiff , Schiff is enough , Congress Comey needs to get Comey the bottom of this , " Schiff said . Sen. Lindsey Graham , chairman of a judiciary subcommittee investigating Russia , said that Comey should testify before his Senate panel about his discussions with Trump over Comey , who resigned Comey this year . Comey Comey had already been invited to testify before the Senate intelligence committee Tuesday Comey his firing a week ago , but he declined the invitation .   Comey OK , well , he Senate Comey to come in and tell us why , " Graham Comey . " We ’re not going to try somebody on a piece of paper . "   Graham also said he would consider a special prosecutor us Comey ’s recounting of the meeting was accurate .   " If I Comey Graham was inappropriate Graham by the President , sure , " Graham said . Meanwhile , Democratic leaders quickly described the actions Comey depicted in a memo as " obstruction of justice . " " Graham these reports are true , the President ’s brazen attempt to shut down the FBI ’s investigation of Michael Flynn is an assault on the rule of law that the President to our democracy , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement . " At best , President Trump has committed a grave abuse of executive power .   At worst , he has obstructed justice . " Senate Minority Leader Chuck the President discussing the latest developments on the the Senate floor , said : " The the President is being tested in unprecedented ways . I say to all of my colleagues in the Senate , history is watching . " 
 