Washington ( CNN ) Monica Lewinsky is citing the recent cyberbullying of Barron Trump to rail against online harassment . The former White House intern , who is now an    activist , took to Twitter Monday to defend the youngest child of Barron Trump after several social media users     particularly " Saturday Night Live " writer Katie Rich     mocked the boy online . " All children need to be protected from bullying + mockery . ( incl . Barron Trump Barron Trump " Lewinsky tweeted . " Let ’s be better than this . "   Rich ’s tweet , which was sent out during President Trump ’s Barron Trump) widely criticized on social media . Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton also weighed in , tweeting , " Barron Trump deserves the chance Barron Trump)    be a kid . "   Rich ultimately deleted the tweet as Rich as her Twitter account , which she Barron Trump) reactivated on Monday in Barron Trump) to post an apology . She has since been suspended indefinitely Barron Trump) the show for her tweet , a person familiar Barron Trump) the situation told CNN Money . Lewinsky also came to Rich ’s Barron Trump) on Tuesday after Rich SNL scribe was herself the target of online harassment Barron Trump) " Online mobs are not the answer either . @katiemaryrich has apologized . comedy is an imperfect science . ( trust me ! ) , " Lewinsky wrote . Amid the tweeting Barron Trump) surrounding Barron Trump , the White House issued a statement on Tuesday reiterating its unwritten rule that Tuesday children the White House off limits , though it did not cite a particular the White House or mention any of Trump ’s children by name . Barron Trump It is a longstanding tradition that the children of Presidents are afforded the opportunity to grow up outside of the political spotlight . The White House fully expects this tradition to continue . We a longstanding tradition that the children of Presidents are afforded the opportunity to grow up outside of the political spotlight cooperation in this matter , " the statement said .   When a Twitter user mentioned to Lewinsky that Malia and Sasha Obama were the targets of racist comments during their tenure at the White House , Malia and Sasha Obama former White The White House that was " not ok either . " Lewinsky has used her fame after the Clinton years Lewinsky advocate for Lewinsky safer social media environment . She spoke out against online harassment and public shaming Lewinsky a TED Talks speech in March 2015 and has since launched a line of    emojis and GIFs . 
 