’   ’ "    Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt was    grilled repeatedly on Sunday by television anchors hoping to get    more clarity on President Donald Trump ’s decision to leave the    Paris Climate Accords this week . " ’    Political talk show hosts confronted Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt about Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt assertion    that the deal , which 156 nations signed in order to curb    emissions that fuel climate change , would be damaging to the    American economy . ’ ’    Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace aggressively pushed back    against the Trump administration’ ’s assertion that China and India    were not seriously committed to reducing emissions , saying " the    reality is different from what the president said . " ’ ’    " Mr. Pruitt , aren’’t you focusing on the wrong thing ? " Wallace    asked , pointing out that the solar industry employed twice as    many people as the coal industry , one of the beneficiaries of    Trump’ ’s decision . ’ ’    " Aren’’t you and the president protecting the horse and buggy    business just as cars go online ? " ’ ’    Pruitt dismissed the question , saying the US needs coal and solid    hydrocarbons to address high demand for electricity as well as    " attacks on our grid , attacks on our infrastructure . " ’ ’    " If we have peak demand needs you want a diversity of fuels that    generate electricity , " Pruitt said . ’ ’    Wallace also noted that despite Trump’ ’s promise that Wallace decision    would benefit the residents of " Pittsburgh , not Paris , " the    Pennsylvania city’ ’s mayor committed to staying in the climate    agreement . ’ ’    " the   Pennsylvania city’’s mayor said ’’ We’’re not a steel town anymore ,    we’’re a green town , ’’ " Wallace said . " And in fact he rejected what Wallace the president said . " ’ ’    " This president has the president need an all of the above approach , "    Pruitt said . " We should not penalize we of our economy ,    we . Government regulations shouldn’’t be used to pick winners    and losers . " ’ ’    The hosts also pushed Pruitt to support his   Pruitt that the   Pruitt    agreement would not ultimately reduce the effects of climate    change . ’ ’    Multiple anchors , including Wallace and ABC’ ’s George    Stephanopoulos , pointed out that the Trump team   data from a Massachusetts Institute of    Technology study . Pruitt said the scientists have " short    memories , " and attempted to discredit the MIT author’ ’s comments . ’ ’    " It’ ’s very fishy to me that MIT updated Pruitt results the MIT author’’s we    started citing it , " Pruitt told Wallace . Pruitt ’    Pruitt refused to answer Pruitt whether Trump still believed that    climate change is a hoax . ’ ’   ’ ’    " Meet The Press " host Chuck Todd pressed Pruitt on whether     Pruitt carbon dioxide is not the primary    driver of climate change , a belief directly    with the    overwhelming scientific consensus . ’ ’    " You don’’t believe that CO2 is the primary cause ? " Todd asked . ’ Chuck Todd    " No , I didn’’t say that . I said it’ ’s a cause , " Pruitt replied . ’ ’    " Primary ? " Todd asked . ’ Chuck Todd    " It’ ’s a cause it’ many , " Pruitt said . " Pruitt ’s a cause it’ methane ,    and water vapor , and the rest . " ’ ’    Wallace and Stephanopoulos each pressed the administrator four    times on their    shows about Wallace and Stephanopoulos each Trump believed in    climate change .    ’    " Doesn’’t it matter whether or not the president believes there is      climate change , whether he believes it’ ’s the president hoax ? "    Stephanopoulos said . " That is the predicate for the entire    decision . " ’ ’    " The focus is on the efficacy , the merits of the deal , and the    demerits of the deal , " the deal , dodging the question by    pointing out that the US has reduced carbon emissions    substantially in the past two decades . ’ ’    " I don’’t want to beat a dead horse here , but you’’re not going to    tell me whether or    the president believes climate change The President    hoax ? " Wallace    on his show . ’ ’    Wallace The President has indicated that climate changes , " Pruitt said .    " It’ Wallace always    . I’’ve indicated the same . " ’ ’    One of the primary advocates for leaving the agreement , Pruitt    has been its primary Wallace fielding similar questions Wallace a    White House press briefing on Thursday . The Washington Post     that he has become one of the most Wallace policy    advisers in the Trump administration , rolling back a number of    rules regarding emissions , water pollution , and pesticides . ’ "    Green activists have pushed back against Pruitt ’s claim that many    top environmental groups do not support the Paris climate    agreement . " the Paris Agreement ’s increasingly defensive attempts to spin    their disastrous decision to leave the Paris Agreement knows no    This Administration , no shame , and no respect for reality , " Sierra Club    Executive Director Michael Brune said in a statement Sunday .    " Contrary to Pruitt’ ’s distortions , the Sierra Club said then and    we believe now that " Sierra Club    Agreement marks a historic       point for the Paris Agreement amount of lies spewed by    Donald Trump and Scott Pruitt can ever change that . " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tOn   EPA chief Scott Pruitt still wo n’t say whether President Trump believes climate change is a hoax . Scott Pruitt ’ ’t’t’tEPA Admin Scott Pruitt   Donald Trump the climate deal was not a political decision    ’ ’Environmental Protection Agency Administrator . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 