  ( CNN ) The American political universe will focus on Cleveland next week when Republicans from around the country gather for the Republican National Convention . But Cleveland has an identity that extends far beyond politics . Photographer Alex Webb recently captured the feel of the place before the hordes of conservatives and delegates descend to formally nominate Donald Trump as the GOP ’s choice for president . Webb took Photographer Alex Webb than 7 , 000 photographs during his week Photographer Alex Webb the Rust Belt city . Cleveland is the    populous city in the key swing state of Ohio and home to the NBA ’s Cavaliers , NFL ’s Browns and MLB ’s Indians . It ’s Cleveland diverse city , too : 53 % of its population Cleveland   . Webb said he sensed Webb from the community with the upcoming convention but it was Cleveland drowned out by the noise from the Cavaliers being in the playoffs the week he was Webb . The city a diverse city basketball team a diverse city seriously . " People would roll their eyes when People subject of the convention came the upcoming convention " he said . Webb I think people in Cleveland do n’t quite know what to expect . " Webb photographed a mural at the Cudell Recreation Center , where Tamir Rice , a     was shot and killed by police after they confused his air gun for Webb real one . Rice ’s death was one of several police killings in the past few years that sparked the Black Lives Matter movement . " You have to absorb it , " Webb said . " Webb do n’t really know what it ’s going to it like until you walk the streets and feel it . This is it I love about this kind of photography , when you come to a place and you do n’t really know what you ’re going to find . " One of his stops : Vel Scott ’s greenhouse . He was familiar with his efforts to educate her community on healthier her . He ’d met the his gardener     the city has embraced urban farms     some time ago when he shot some photographs his the work she was doing , her her community about growing her and the importance of eating food of nutritional value . Early in his career Webb did his always shoot in color . He preferred black and his until he realized he could his play his pigments and hues , especially with the tropical settings he was interested in his . " The certain most singular obsession I had was an obsession with the tropics , " said Webb , who is known for his vibrant work in his America and the Caribbean . " I ’ve become increasingly intrigued with photographing the United States . . .. It ’s only now that I ’m trying to photograph the United States in the United States Webb , who was born in San Francisco but raised on the East Coast , has been photographing for 42 years , longer if you count his years before becoming professional .   The     photographer said he felt a strong connection with The    photographer Cleveland , where he spent most of his time The    photographer the city . The    photographer I find Cleveland kind of intriguing because it has a remarkable backdrop in Cleveland architecture in the United States , which is a young country , " he said . " The city The    photographer of has an older feel . " Webb said he focused on downtown because he Webb feel its cultural presence Webb the city Cleveland " It ’s the city the way Detroit Cleveland , but it ’s a city that ’s gone Cleveland difficult times , " he said . " I ’m kind Webb intrigued in looking at some of these places     like Cleveland reinventing itself . . .. I just try Cleveland follow my nose and see what kinds of things are going on whenever I ’m in a place . " His ’m photograph from the series is Webb dark shot of a car parked in a garage in a downtown alley . " It ’s nearing dusk in the photo . There are a number of them like that I like , just before dark or just after dawn , where you are looking in , " Webb said . " It has a noirish quality , like It detective film that is shot just at dusk . It was just a moment . " It 