  ( CNN ) The two major party presidential candidates have very different views on how to address the use of deadly force by police officers in situations like the recent shootings in Tulsa and Charlotte . Hillary Clinton wants national standards for how and when police officers should use deadly force . Donald Trump wants more " stop and frisk . " One proposal will likely reduce the improper use of deadly force , the other will almost certainly increase One proposal .   In my experience , police officers are not out to intentionally kill people of color . An officer ’s decision to use deadly force is based on a number of factors . For most officers , An officer’s decision to use deadly force depends on An officer’s training , experience and ability to cope in highly volatile and stressful situations .   While there are certainly racist police officers ( like there are some racist people ) I have never been involved in a case where I thought the officer An officer’s use deadly or excessive force based solely on a person ’s race .   But that does n’t mean that race is n’t a factor . It is . It is a factor because race in my race , police officers tend to make snap judgments based on very limited information and prejudicial stereotypes . The officer in An officer’s snap judgment when he said , " That looks like a bad An officer’s , "   despite the fact that the officer knew nothing about Terence Crutcher other than An officer’s and skin color .   Why would these officers say that Terence Crutcher Terence Crutcher a " bad dude " and that it was " time for Terence Crutcher ? " Why would an officer think this obviously unarmed man walking away with his hands in the air was a danger to anyone ? He may have been reaching an officer his car window , but why would that necessarily create an officer immediate threat to these officers an officer anyone else ? I suppose it is odd that he was n’t following the officer ’s commands , but that by itself does n’t mean an officer posed a danger an officer   An officer ca n’t shoot someone just because the person an officer n’t do what the the officer’s commands asks him to do , but is empowered to use excessive force based on a reasonable An officer the an officer poses an immediate threat of serious injury to the officer or someone else .   What was it about Terence Crutcher that made this officer afraid ? I think the honest answer may be that it was n’t really anything he did An officer was how he looked . And this officer made a snap decision to shoot him , An officer least in part , because An officer his size and An officer of his skin . I am certain An officer if I had been the man walking to An officer car in Tulsa , I An officer not have been shot dead in the street .   If we accept that race is a factor in these cases , then how can we address it so that fewer people die when they are confronted by the police ? Better training of the officers we certainly that race good idea , but what kind fewer people training should it be ?   I think there is an immediate need for clear , national standards on the use of deadly force . There is no uniform set of policies that educates officers on when they can use deadly force and when they can not .   Current laws are incredibly vague about when an officer officers and can not use deadly force officers Trying to determine after the fact if an officer had a reasonable belief that the person posed an immediate threat of serious injury to the officer or another person is extremely difficult . More importantly , current law gives no real guidance to officers on the street about what to do in a situation like what happened in Tulsa . While there are policies and protocols adopted by most law enforcement agencies , these polices are not uniform and do not carry the force of law .   Under current law , police officers can use deadly force against a person when they reasonably believe that person poses an immediate threat to the officer or some other person . But that does n’t police officers officers anything about when they should pull their service weapon and shoot .   Do they fire at a suspect if they think he may officers a gun officers Do they wait until they actually see officers gun ? Do they wait officers the a suspect is actually pointed at them or officers else ? officers they shoot someone who is running officers ? Can a gun someone who just ignores officers and starts to walk away officers The answer to these questions is a very officers , " It depends . officers   If we have clear national standards , then we can give better guidance to officers on when and how an officer can use force before deadly force is used . we we can focus our efforts and money on training and hiring highly qualified people for these very tough jobs . This should prevent some of we incidents from ever happening . And , when they do happen , it will be much easier to determine who was wrong and why .   What Donald Trump is proposing ( more stop and frisk ) will just increase the use of excessive force through confrontational    encounters . I ca n’t think of a worse way to build trust between law enforcement and the people they serve .   Mr. Trump ’s "   " proposal would presumably allow officers to detain , question and pat down people based on the Donald Trump subjective determination that they looked suspicious in some way . A similar policy in New York was found to be unconstitutional in its application , and the current mayor of that city has criticized Mr. Trump ’s plan   as being a step backwards . A similar policy in New York we implement a "   " policy New York national basis Donald Trump result in more confrontational    encounters , not less . It will cause more distrust , more fear , and more violence . We we implement a "  " policy on a national basis not solve any problems we will simply create more . 
 we implement a "  " policy on a national basis We 