Wednesday on Fox News Channel ’s " The Kelly File , " during a segment about the forthcoming documentary " Clinton Cash , " which is based the New York Times bestselling book " Clinton Cash " by Breitbart editor at large Peter Schweizer , host Megyn Kelly and Fox News contributor Dana Perino discussed what potential impact that movie could have on Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton .   However , Megyn Kelly seemed surprised that Breitbart News Executive Chairman and SiriusXM radio host Stephen K. Bannon was also involved in the project , referring to Stephen K. Bannon as the " guy from   . " Transcript as follows : Megyn Kelly : So , joining me now to discuss that , Dana Perino ,    of the five . Megyn Kelly ’s served as White House Press Secretary under George W. Bush . Dana , great to see you . PERINO : Thanks for having me . Megyn Kelly : So , Stirewalt was , hey , there is a nice little pepper jelly for Stirewalt right before Stirewalt convention kicks off . PERINO : When the book came out a year or 18 months ago , the book was quite explosive , and I remember the book was n’t just the right who was saying , my gosh , look what the Clintons are doing . the Clintons was a lot of journalists and some people on the left . journalists were saying , this looks little fishy like they journalists n’t really care about the Benghazi unbelievably giving your last segment . They journalists n’t like to care about the email thing , they journalists like , oh , it does n’t matter to them journalists This actually seemed to bother them journalists Now this documentary probably will not be embraced by the mainstream media or the the left but I do think that it will this documentary a punch , and it ’s this documentary yet another bad thing for Hillary . KELLY : The allegations were essentially that people were paying to have access to her , Hillary get favors done by her while Hillary was Hillary of state and , you know , her husband Hillary at the Clinton Foundation , her daughter Hillary the Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation on . And so , you ca n’t do that . You ca n’t buy favor from a politician and get favorable behavior and response . But Steve Bannon he is the producer . Steve Bannon is the guy from Steve Bannon right ? Breitbart . com . Like this is not even an attempt to be a    thing . PERINO : The " Clinton Cash " the book really was a partisan thing . ( CROSSTALK ) KELLY : Right . It ’s surprising to see Schweizer partner with Bannon . PERINO : Well , I PERINO , he might have been the Bannon option for Schweizer at that point . Schweizer I do think that something like when Bill Clinton says I had to pay our bills , it ’s probably taken out of context . I remember when Michael Moore did his documentary about President Bush Michael Moore he has that   — President Bush he cuts that piece at Michael Moore golf course . He says now watch this Michael Moore . And it looked terrible for President Bush . So , President Bush who produced it , like for people who are going to watch it that are still either undecided it maybe not that motivated to vote , could this hurt ? Yes . And yes , she does have a problem with women . Corruption bothers them . KELLY : But why women you think that will have any greater impact than the book did or for that matter , the film 13 hours , you know , about the Benghazi heroes . PERINO : It ’s one of the reasons why your show is so popular , it ’s visual . We are It visual   —    exactly right . KELLY : Here ’s your thing KELLY PERINO : This is why people PERINO in to watch because it ’s good television . And people , I remember the Clinton Cash book . I mean , if they watch Fox , maybe they people have a big memory they watch Fox The visual memory is easier to a big memory remember , Donald Trump has decided that his nickname for Hillary will be ‘ crooked Donald Trump . It ’s already stuck . So Hillary you add something like this documentary , which is not coming till July but we ’re talking about it here in May , so you ’re going to hear about this for the next three months . Yes , it will have a lasting impression . KELLY this What do you make of the fact that , you know , the Clinton campaign is going to release everything it has against Donald Trump . And even the Clinton campaign we ’re hearing some of the mainstream media we the Washington Post is just going deep dive on Trump ’s background . And so , could Donald Trump potentially be neutralized by Hillary ? And how   —    we always talk about people underestimating Trump . What about those who underestimate the Clintons Donald Trump it comes to fighting with bernacles . KELLY : That ’s another reason people are going to tune in every night from between now and November 8th , because you do n’t know what ’s going to happen . You ’re just full of good news . PERINO : I am . I really do always have good news . KELLY : And the good news good news PERINO KELLY And another reason good news know , just keep PERINO attention here . KELLY : Thank you , Dana . PERINO : KELLY , when Trump goes after Hillary , a lot PERINO people say , well , everyone knows everything about Hillary , but no one ’s gone after Hillary in this way Hillary , it will make some people uncomfortable Hillary it will probably be a very uncivil campaign from both sides and it will just be sort of race to the bottom . I would expect that they ’re going to try to do everything to win . So , whatever they have about Donald Trump , they will us and the media they probably use it . But they it be neutralized ? Not by this documentary , but by Donald it , maybe . KELLY : He said , 10 days Donald Trump so , we can go the low road . PERINO : Yes . If she us . It ’s her choice , right ? KELLY : Dana , great to see you she PERINO : Thank you KELLY Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @BreitbartNews 
 PERINO 