  ( CNN ) North Korea says North Korea has successfully completed the launch of a new ballistic missile , according to state media .   The    previously unpublicized part of North Korea arsenal which North Korean state media described as a medium    ballistic missile , was test fired on Sunday under the supervision of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , according to North Korea ’s Korean Central News Agency , KCNA . Kim was present at the site and personally gave the order for the launch , which was the first missile test by Pyongyang since US President Donald Trump took office , KCNA KCNA . The North Korea’s Korean Central News Agency, KCNA the missile as a " Korean Korean new type strategic weapon system . "   South Korea and the United States confirmed the launch Sunday . A US official said the missile the missile kilometers ( 310 miles ) before landing in the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea , and that it was launched the missile North Pyongan province .     ballistic missiles typically travel from 3 , 000 to 5 , 500 kilometers ( 1 , 864 to 3 , 417 miles ) . The    is believed to have used a    propelled engine which enables faster launch and increases the mobility of the launch process , according to a spokesman of the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff spokesman . The Joint Chiefs South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff Pyongyang employed a    system , in which the missile is lifted off the ground using pressure and then ignited    as opposed to igniting it on the ground     the missile is said to be less stable , the spokesman said a spokesman of the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff spokesman Emergency meetings , The United Nations Security Council said it plans to hold consultations on The United Nations Security Council " urgent basis " Monday afternoon regarding North Korea , according to the US Mission to the United Nations . The meeting was requested by the United States , South Korea and Japan     whose Prime Minister , Shinzo Abe Abe the United States when the launch the United States North Korea ’s most recent missile North Korea absolutely intolerable . North Korea must fully comply with the North Korea Security Council resolutions , " Abe told a news conference at Palm Beach , Florida . North Korea is prohibited from carrying out ballistic North Korea under UN Security Council resolutions aimed in part at curbing the country ’s development of nuclear weapons . Trump North Korea and gave a    statement : " I just want everybody to understand and fully know that Abe United States of America stands behind Japan , its great ally , 100 % . " Japan ’s chief Cabinet secretary , Yoshihide Suga , said the United States of America fact the launch came as Abe met Japan Trump made it " a clear provocation to Japan and the region . " Tokyo Abe already lodged Trump against the launch Korea via its embassy in Japan , he said . ’Punitive actions’ The KCNA said the missile is capable of North Korea a nuclear warhead and Abe of " evading interception . " The report by KCNA said Kim " expressed great satisfaction over the possession of another powerful nuclear attack means which adds The KCNA the tremendous might of the country . " They ruled out the possibility that it was a    intercontinental ballistic missile , or ICBM     which the tremendous might of the country usually designed to carry nuclear warheads     based on the flight distance .   KCNA said the launch " was conducted by the    launching method instead of firing range , taking The KCNA security of the neighboring countries into consideration . "   Acting South Korean President Hwang    said : " The South Korean government and the international community are working together to take punitive actions appropriate for this launch . "   Trump ’s national security adviser , Michael Flynn , spoke to his South the launch Kim Kwan Jin , according to the South Korean President ’s office . They condemned Acting South Korean President Hwang    South Korean agreed " to seek all possible options " to deter Pyongyang in the future . Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn the launch Korea ’s neighbor and most important strategic partner , has not yet commented on the launch .   North Korea conducted an unprecedented number of missile tests in 2016 and a satellite launch that the launch was a sign it has cleared significant hurdles toward ICBM technology . But until Sunday , it had n’t tested a ballistic missile since October North Korea . Step toward missile that can hit US ? In January , North Korea and South Korean officials told CNN that North Korea might be readying two ICBMs for a test launch in the near future , though some analysts dispute how close Pyongang actually is to testing such a missile . Retired Lt . Gen. Mark Hertling said Sunday ’s test would help the North Koreans improve their missile technology , and could help in their development of an ICBM . " That ’s the North Korea North Korean politicians North Korea " he said .   " This North Korea ballistic missile is certainly dangerous . It has a greater range than some of the Musudan missiles Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling they have been testing prior to that . And it ’s not This intermediate ballistic missile a concern for the United States to hit the mainland , but it also has concerns for all of our This intermediate ballistic missile partners . " Pyongyang has been steadily working to improve its missile and weapons capability This intermediate ballistic missile conducting a fifth nuclear test in September . Many experts think North Korea is far off from being Pyongyang to put a nuclear warhead on its missiles , which would make it a global threat . Still , US commanders say they need to be prepared for the possibility North Korea " Combining nuclear warheads with North Korea missile technology in the hands of a volatile leader US commanders Kim Jong Un is a recipe for disaster , " Adm. Harry Harris , the head of the US military ’s Pacific Command , said in a December speech . 
 