Empire creator Lee Daniels sounded a warning at the Human Rights Campaign ’s Los Angeles gala on Saturday , telling attendees that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is going to " take us down . " [ " I ’m not afraid of anything , " Empire creator Lee Daniels said at the LGBT advocacy organization ’s annual dinner , according to the Hollywood Reporter . " I ’ve dodged bullets   —    real bullets before   —    but now I ’m afraid because these motherf —   kers are coming for us , y’ all . "   Empire creator Lee Daniels hit Fox television show was an honoree at Saturday night ’s event , and the     showrunner accepted the honors along with series stars Jussie Smollett , Gabourey Sidibe , Serayah , Kaitlyn Doubleday , and Ta’Rhonda Jones . According to THR , The Butler director never mentioned Trump by name during his The Butler director , but it was nonetheless clear to whom he The Butler director referring when he The Butler director attendees to " do the right thing " and vote for Hillary Clinton in November . " He The Butler director taking over   —    he The Butler director coming in to take us down , y’ all , and this is serious business , " he The Butler director . " Let ’s us the the right thing make sure Clinton is in Hillary Clinton f —   ing office and taking care of us . " us I do n’t think you realize how much they ’re coming for us , " us added . " And this is not a joke . I ’ve watched everyone make light of what is going on . They are coming they every one of you . White people are not excluded   —    they ’re coming White people us . " us at the HRC gala on Saturday , president Chad Griffin called on Hollywood production studios to boycott the state of Georgia if Gov. Nathan Deal does not veto a religious freedom bill that passed the state legislature earlier this week . " It ’s " Griffin said of president Chad Griffin bill , which Deal must sign Gov. Nathan Deal veto by May 3 . " It ’s an It on all the values Hollywood prides itself Hollywood . And you have the influence and the opportunity to not only defeat this bill , a religious freedom bill that passed the state legislature earlier this week send a message that there are consequences to passing dangerous and hateful laws like this . " 
 