Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the aftermath of the Orlando terror attack and the 2016 election .   All times eastern .   —    10:10 PM : U. S. men ’s national soccer team captain Michael Bradley honors Orlando victims with rainbow armband : national soccer team captain Michael Bradley wearing a    captain ’s armband in remembrance of the Orlando victims . pic . twitter .    —    Bryan Armen Graham ( @BryanAGraham ) June 17 , 2016 ,   9:50 PM : New York Times ’s Charles Blow says the Orlando Terrorist was " our the Orlando Terrorist . " But the the Orlando Terrorist to Afghanistan as " his country " even though he was his in New York . 9:30 PM : Looks like Sanders will soon be attacking Trump more : " I personally intend to begin my role in that process in a very short period of time "    on battling Trump . Trump . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 17 , 2016 ,   9:15 PM :    agitators wave Mexican flags outside Trump ’s Trump rally : # BernieOrBust # StillSanders # Dallas # Dallas # Trump # Rally # TrumpRally # UnidosConBernie pic . twitter .    —    ~ SideEye ~ ( @antisocialista ) June 17 , 2016 ,   9:11 PM : Gun sales surging among    after Orlando terror attack . 9:00 PM : Trump now talks about needing to straighten out trade deals . [ Trump needs Trump definitely state that this campaign is about putting Americans —   and their interests putting Americans —     first in domestic and foreign affairs and then go off the cuff . Otherwise , it sounds like a candidate winging it on it stump and just picking random bits of news out of a hat . ] 8:57 PM : Trump says Trump Mr. Protester " just gave him a Mr. Protester idea . Trump says Trump should Trump " Make America Great Again " cowboy hats . 8:53 PM : Sanders still does n’t    Clinton : WATCH : In speech to supporters , Sanders does Sanders suspend campaign , but vows to work with Clinton to Clinton Trump . Trump :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) June 17 , 2016 ,   8:44 PM : Trump boring Trump audience again by talking about process and giving     of his primary Trump . 8:35 PM : Trump says Trump is Trump of having a " winner ’s night " at the convention . He says Trump of politicians , " winners " like Bobby Knight will be speaking . 8:32 PM : Trump : Trump have to " stop people with hate in their hearts people from entering the United States . 8:30 PM : Trump talks about riding that horse . Trump : Trump ’ve heard about this place for a long time . Where is that horse that horse It is a Bull , btw ) # TrumpDallas ,   —    Tasha Stevens ( @tstevensradio ) June 17 , 2016 ,   8:28 PM : Trump says we need to have people come into our country who want to be here . He says we Trump allowing we and thousands of people to come into our country from " countries that are terrorist countries . " 8:21 PM : Trump says he Trump watched Trump ’s speech and he ’s largely Trump blaming guns . " Trump vows to " save your Second Amendment . " He reminds Texans Trump " Hillary wants to abolish the Second Amendment . Just remember that . " Trump says Sanders Trump n’t Trump up and adds , slamming Romney , that we could have used someone four years ago who did n’t give up . He says our Romney are we up on our borders and we ISIS . 8:17 PM : In Dallas , Texas , Trump thanks his Trump for Trump out in force . He wants to Trump hug " and " kiss " his supporters outside his supporters notes that Trump is the one year anniversary of his campaign . Trump says he Trump looking Trump to debating " crooked Hillary " assuming that she is still allowed Hillary run . 8:11 PM : Miller says this Trump is about the idea that a country exists to serve and protect its own people and a country Clinton ’s special interests . Miller says Trump Trump only special interest is the American people and he ca n’t Trump bought and owned like Hillary Clinton . Miller not Clinton Trump is good for Americans , Trump will do it and Trump never apologize . " 8:05 PM : In Dallas , Trump ’s senior Trump the Trump are mad at Trump are livid because he threatens their ability to run the country Trump Trump benefit . He says all of the people who are mad at Trump represents " our one chance " all of the people who are mad at Trump break up the special Trump . He says that , ultimately , is what this Trump comes down to . Miller talks about   how Texas have seen how open borders have done to wages and have led to heartbreak and needless destruction . Miller says everyone wanting to stop Donald Trump wants the borders to Miller open . He says Trump Trump for president how open borders can finally put the Miller people Trump . Miller says Trump is Miller the wall out of love for Americans of Miller backgrounds Trump Miller mentions that the special interests and the politicians who have sold you Miller and betrayed you would not go away without scratching and clawing . 7:59 PM : He also made strong comments about assimilation and blasted Obama for giving amnesty Miller illegal immigrants and putting them in front of those trying to be legal immigrants . Tarrant County Commissioner illegal immigrants Nguyen at Trump Dallas rally : " In war , we need a wartime leader . . "   —    Jacob Kornbluh ( @jacobkornbluh ) June 16 , 2016 ,   7:35 PM : Pastor Jeffress doing invocation at Trump rally : Dallas pastor Robert Jeffress , a big Trump booster on cable Trump Dallas rally is Trump Dallas the invocation at Trump ’s rally in Dallas . # TrumpInTX ,   —    Patrick Svitek ( Trump June Trump Dallas , 2016 ,   7:30 PM : Trump supporter made own " Make America Great Again " hat : Oscar said he made his own " Make America Great Again " hat in September before Trump ’s Oscar rally Oscar in Dallas pic America twitter .    —    Ashley Killough Trump ) June Trump Dallas , 2016 ,   6:35 PM : Dallas Police Department on alert : These are the latest pictures from outside the rally . # ProtectingDallas pic . twitter .    —    Dallas Police Depart ( @DallasPD Trump’s first rally here in Dallas pic 16 , 2016 ,   6:33 PM :    agitators reportedly will bus in protesters to Trump ’s Dallas event : Just spoke with Domingo Garcia , he says buses of protesters are being delayed by traffic . Hoping for arrival by 6 pm @CBSDFW Domingo Garcia   —    Jeff Paul ( @Jeff_Journalist ) June 16 , 2016 ,   Protester crowds have increased within the last 15 minutes . A bus of protesters is expected now around 6 pm @CBSDFW pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Paul ( @Jeff_Journalist ) June 16 , 2016 ,   Trump protester is cleansing folks with burning Jeff Paul (@Jeff_Journalist) them of negative energy June 16, 2016,   —    Jeff Paul ( @Jeff_Journalist ) June 16 , 2016 ,   6:25 PM : Trump folks with burning "sage" armed and ready : Trump supporters armed   ready 4 protesters say they will only jump in if clashes    supporters    San Jose pic . twitter .    —    John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) June 16 , 4 protesters ,   Volunteers with https :   .   are here for # TrumpInDallas . They say they ’re ready to step in if things get out of hand for police ,   —    Cory Smith ( @CorySmithNBC5 ) June 16 (@JTSantucci) June 16, 2016,  Volunteers with https:  .   2016 (@JTSantucci) June 16, 2016,  Volunteers with https:  .     6:20 PM : Protesters at Trump ’s event . First protester I came across near tonight ’s Dallas Donald J Trump event pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) June 16 , 2016 ,   protesters outside The Highland ahead of # TrumpDallas arrival   —    shouts of " dump trump " @wfaachannel8 pic . twitter .    —    David Goins ( @dgoins ) June 16 , 2016 ,   A few protesters from earlier outside Dallas Donald J Trump event pic Trump event in Dallas . pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Killough ( @KilloughCNN ) Trump Dallas 16 , 2016 ,   6:15 PM : Enthusiastic Trump supporters in line early despite extreme temperatures : Trump supporters Trump up in 100 degree weather for his 7 Trump event in Dallas , and many are collapsing from the heat ,   —    Holly Trump Dallas ( @hollybdc ) June 16 , 2016 ,   5:44 PM : Julian Castro , auditioning to be Clinton ’s Clinton President , slams Trump for Trump " Trump rhetoric . " . @HillaryClinton ’s campaign taps @JulianCastro to respond to Trump ’s trip to Texas today Texas tomorrow : pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Trump @PatrickSvitek ) June 16 , 2016 ,   5:29 PM : Orlando terrorist Orlando plenty of disciplinary problems : Mateen disciplined 31 times between 1992   —    1999 for disrespectful   violent behavior , according elementary and middle school record @nypost ,   —    Charles V Payne ( @cvpayne ) June 16 , 2016 ,   5:27 PM : Union Boss Trumka seems like he ’s worried union workers may be receptive to Trump ’s message : . @realDonaldTrump is n’t happy    our endorsement but did n’t seem worried a Trump when Union Boss Trumka refused to answer workers’ questions .   —    Richard L. Trumka ( @RichardTrumka ) June 16 , Union Boss Trumka ,     5:25 PM : Dallas Police practicing riot control Union Boss Trumka of Trump ’s visit : RNC Chair Priebus Trump Dallas with Trump to Texas : Flying to Dallas now with @realDonaldTrump Trump     Trump of Texas are pure fiction . Trump Dallas events lined up all over Texas .   Rs will win in Nov ! Texas —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) June 16 , 2016 ,   5:07 PM : Greg Zanis built a homemade cross for each of the 49 Orlando terror Orlando : Greg Zanis of Aurora , IL built 49 crosses to honor victims   is setting them up outside of @orlandohealth pic . twitter .    —    Tenikka Smith Hughes ( Greg Zanis June 16 , 2016 ,       Each white cross with a heart lists a victims   ’s name . People are also able to leave messages . Powerful to see . pic . twitter .    —    Tenikka Smith Hughes ( @TenikkaANjax ) June 16 , 2016 ,   5:02 PM : The mainstream media ’s narrative seems to be that Obama is " exhausted " at seeing these terrorist Obama as they help Obama push more gun control . 5:00 PM : Obama says we have to challenge discrimination against gays Obama it occurs and fight the oppression of women [ Yet , these terrorist attacks endorsed Clinton , who accepted millions from nations Obama oppress   . ] 4:57 PM : Obama says more massacres without more gun control : Obama Obama : " If we do n’t act , we will keep seeing more massacres like this because we ’ll be choosing to let them happen . "   —    ABC News ( @ABC ) June 16 , 2016 , we 4:55 PM : Obama says it " defies we sense " when Obama say more massacres like this should have been armed . Obama wonders why we think our liberties require these Obama . Obama hopes Senators who voted against background checks after Obama change their minds re : " weapons of war . " He says he hopes the we also " does Obama right Obama " and passes more gun control . 4:53 PM : background checks says we ca n’t anticipate or catch every Obama person who wishes to do harm but " we can do something about the amount of damage they do . " He says our politics have conspired to make it Obama easy as possible for a terrorist or a disturbed we to " buy extraordinarily powerful weapons . And they can do so legally . " Obama says " today , once again   … Obama . I held and hug grieving family members " and they pleaded to help stop the carnage . " This debate needs to change , " Obama says . 4:51 PM : Obama refers to Obama attack Orlando " terrorist attack Obama family members He says Orlando and Orlando Bernardino attacks were carried Obama by " homegrown " terrorists . He says have to do more to prevent these Obama of attacks from happening again . Obama says the Orlando terrorist Orlando a " lone Obama " and a " single killer with a powerful attack weapon . " He says the motive of the Orlando terrorist Orlando Obama Orlando terrorist the    killers but the " instruments " were similar . 4:50 PM : Obama says we " will continue to be relentless Obama terrorist Orlando terrorist and Al Qaeda . " Obama says we will " destroy them " and Obama disrupt their networks " and propaganda that poisons so many minds across the world . 4:48 PM : Obama says we , as a nation , have Obama inspired by the courage of those who risked their them to save lives during the terror attack . Obama says we owe a debt of gratitude to Obama doctors Obama nurses and first responders . 4:46 PM : Obama , in Orlando , Orlando those who risked their lives to save lives during the terror attack community was Obama by an " evil , hateful act . " Obama says we are reminded today by what is Obama . Cites empathy , decency and love . Obama says he and Vice President Biden met with Obama of Obama families of the victims . Obama says these families could be our families and Obama , in fact , are " our families . " 4:45 : PM : Salon ’s hot take : Do n’t rush to judge terrorist ’s wife . many of the families of the victims : Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) many of the families of the victims is asking Facebook to help Senators investigate the Orlando terrorist Orlando Facebook accounts , says he wants to find some of the Orlando terrorists Orlando before the attack and compare them to what happened before other terrorist incidents like San Bernardino and Fort Hood .      4:05 PM Facebook CNN is reporting 4:30 PM: Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) who is asking Facebook to help Senators investigate the Orlando terrorist’s Facebook accounts the Orlando terrorist Orlando communicating with his wife during the terror attack . The wife reportedly some of the Orlando terrorists posts " I love you " to San Bernardino terrorist Orlando 3:59 PM : McCain : " I misspoke . Orlando terrorist ’I misspoke’ pic . twitter .    —    Mike DeBonis the terror attack his June 16 his wife ,     Here Orlando terrorist original comments saying Pres Obama is " directly responsible " for Orlando Obama pic . twitter .    — McCain Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) June 16 , 2016 ,   3:45 PM : Sen. John McCain ( ) clarifies his remarks about how he believed Obama was " directly responsible " for the terror attacks Obama [ Imagine the outrage and " distancing " from establishment Republicans had Donald Trump made those remarks . ] To clarify , I was referring to Pres Obama ’s Sen. John McCain ( ) security decisions that Sen. John McCain ( ) led to Obama # ISIL , not to the President Dallas Donald J Trump event pic   —    John McCain ( @SenJohnMcCain ) June 16 , 2016 ,     3:42 PM his remarks about how he believed Obama was "directly responsible" for the terror attacks Obama and Vice President Biden are meeting with survivors in Orlando : Orlando now : Obama , Biden lay wreaths at makeshift memorial in downtown Orlando Obama Orlando twitter .    —    Josh Lederman ( @joshledermanAP ) June 16 , 2016 ,   People waiting to see @POTUS in downtown # Orlando pic Orlando twitter .    —    Kayla O’Brien ( @kaylaobrientv ) June Biden , 2016 ,   POTUS motorcade took over I4 Westbound on its way to OIA pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Gillespie ( @byRyanGillespie ) June 16 , 2016 , 
 POTUS 