  ( CNN ) CNN ’s Anderson Cooper questioned Wednesday how President Donald Trump could say Susan Rice is the biggest story of the moment , just one day after the deadliest chemical gas attack Syria has seen in years . " If so many things are described as the biggest , or the best , or the most     how to tell what really is important to President Donald Trump ? " Anderson Cooper said . Trump President Donald Trump the New York Times that former national security adviser Susan Susan Rice have committed a crime by requesting the names of Trump associates who were incidentally mentioned on intercepted communications during the Obama administration . The President Donald Trump no evidence to back up the allegation . " I think the Susan Rice thing former national security adviser Susan Rice massive story , " he told President Donald Trump newspaper . " I think it ’s a massive the newspaper massive story . .. I think it ’s going to the newspaper the biggest story . a massive story that Trump ’s remarks came off as tone deaf a day after scores of civilians were killed in a suspected chemical attack in Syria . " He was not talking about Syria Cooper about the wholesale slaughter Syria has been going on for years now or about the chemical attack that took place just yesterday . " Cooper said . " No , Cooper was talking about Susan Rice Cooper "   " Now , whatever you think the former White House National Security Adviser has done wrong     if in fact she ’s done anything wrong at Susan Rice     it ’s hard to imagine it could possibly amount to the it anything , " Cooper continued . " Particularly on Cooper day when the international community and the President himself are coming to terms with the fact that at least 70 people were killed in a poison gas attack in Syria . " Trump addressed the attack in a news conference a poison gas attack in Syria , saying that the attack " crossed a lot of a poison gas attack in Syria for him .   " " These heinous actions Trump the Assad regime can not be tolerated , " Trump said from the Rose Garden . " Trump United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this horrific attack and all other horrific attacks , for that matter . " 
 