Peter Navarro , economic policy adviser to the Trump campaign , spoke to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Friday , saying , " Bad trade deal Hillary has done more damage to the state of Michigan than perhaps any state in the country . So Mr. Trump is going to go into Michigan today , and Mr. Trump ’s going to be talking a lot about two deals , in particular . " [ Mr. Trump visited Novi , Michigan , Friday , where Mr. Trump emphasis is going to be on trade , according to Navarro .   As for Hillary Clinton , " Hillary Clinton ’s a pathological liar like Hillary Clinton husband , " said Navarro . Referencing the recent debate , Mr. Trump said : The biggest lie Hillary Clinton told that night was Hillary Clinton denied having called the    Partnership trade deal the gold standard of trade agreements , and there was a flood of    that went on the next day that showed Hillary Clinton doing exactly that [ lying ] repeatedly . " One is the 2012 South Korean deal , " stated Navarro . Mr. Trump added : It ’s really a poster child for Hillary Clinton ’s incompetence . Hillary Clinton’s was secretary of state in 2012 . Hillary Clinton’s crisscrossed this country and Asia telling everybody that this was going to be a    deal , promised us 70 , 000 jobs , and here ’s what happened : us lost 100 , 000 jobs because of that South Korean deal . us trade deficit has doubled , and , more importantly , 75 percent of the damage that has been caused by that South Korean deal has been to the auto industry itself , which , of course , is based in Michigan . Navarro asserted , " Donald Trump ’s trade doctrine is simple . Any deal that ’s going to be negotiated has to increase our growth , decrease our our and strengthen our manufacturing base . The that South Korean deal a perfect example of violating every single one of those rules . " Concerning Hillary Clinton , " It ’s not just the bad trade deals . It ’s the con game , It she lies , " said Navarro Hillary Clinton pointing out that she and husband Bill ran against Hillary Clinton in 1992 then he signed off on it as husband Bill . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. EST . LISTEN : 
 