The grass of a baseball field in Prospect Park shuddered under the blades of a New York Police Department helicopter on Friday afternoon . Dust flew in the air . Soon , Mayor Bill de Blasio clambered aboard . In a car , Mayor Bill de Blasio might have taken 30 minutes or longer for Mayor Bill de Blasio to make the roughly    drive from Mayor Bill de Blasio old Brooklyn stamping grounds to an event in Queens . By air , the trip   —    a fantasy of nearly every New Yorker ever caught in traffic on the    Expressway   —    was considerably shorter . But the headache it caused Mr. de Blasio on Monday might not have been worth the trip , as a photograph and a video of the copter incongruously parked in the middle of a city park ricocheted around the internet , and reporters waited outside City Hall to ask Mr. de Blasio about it . The attention to Mr. de Blasio flight presented a    situation for Mr. de Blasio , a Democrat who has been criticized for arriving late to events and now finds Mr. de Blasio justifying Mr. de Blasio attempts to arrive on time . The mayor , like Mr. de Blasio predecessors , has occasionally availed Mr. de Blasio of the Police Department ’s helicopters to get to important events . Former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , an experienced helicopter pilot , did not hesitate to use city helicopters when necessary , or Mr. de Blasio own private helicopter . In 2012 , Mr. Bloomberg , a political independent , was caught using a helipad in Midtown Manhattan for weekend jaunts during times when it was closed . Mr. de Blasio , for Mr. de Blasio part , has been less of a fan . Last year Mr. de Blasio told Grace Rauh of the news channel NY1 that riding in a helicopter was " not my thing . " And in January , Mr. de Blasio announced a reduction in flights of tourist copters , citing " the nonstop din of helicopters " as a " major     issue for New Yorkers living near heavily trafficked routes . " Eric F. Phillips , the mayor ’s top spokesman , said Mr. de Blasio had flown to Rikers Island to Jacobi Medical Center , to be at the bedside of injured firefighters and to Hofstra University , for the first presidential debate last month between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton , whose campaign Mr. de Blasio has ardently supported . He traveled Mr. de Blasio plane to campaign for her in Ohio on Saturday . In each case , Mr. Phillips said , the decision to go by helicopter was made by the mayor ’s police detail . He described Mr. Phillips flights as " infrequent , " and directed questions about the total number of trips to the Police Department , whose officials declined to provide the data , saying it would the data to be requested under the state Freedom of Information Law . " The security and transportation of the mayor the mayor’s by the N. Y. P. D. , " the department said the Police Department statement attributed to John Miller , the deputy commissioner for counterterrorism and intelligence . " We do not discuss the specifics of security . " Besides saying Mr. de Blasio had a " series of meetings , " City Hall officials would not describe the mayor ’s the mayor’s Brooklyn , where he regularly travels to go to Mr. de Blasio gym and also goes for meetings at favorite restaurants in his old neighborhood . His public Mr. de Blasio listed a morning Mr. de Blasio and two    radio appearances earlier in the day . " We do n’t detail internal or personal meetings , " Mr. Phillips said , raising the Mr. de Blasio Mr. de Blasio had been engaged in a personal errand that delayed him enough to necessitate air travel over Mr. de Blasio    Expressway . " He had a series of meetings in Mr. de Blasio . " Pressed as to whether the meetings were personal or city business meetings in Brooklyn Phillips repeated himself : " I Mr. de Blasio he had Mr. de Blasio series of meetings in Brooklyn Mr. de Blasio and I ’m declining to meetings in Brooklyn details Brooklyn nonpublic meetings . ’m Maggie Lehrman took video of the helicopter landing in Prospect Park just before 4:30 p. m. on Friday as she walked her     son in a stroller near 15th Street Maggie Lehrman Park Maggie Lehrman " I ’ve never seen that before in Prospect Park I ’ve lived in Park Slope for a long time Prospect Park she said . " I Park Slope want to judge too harshly Maggie Lehrman It was definitely unusual . It seemed a little odd . " The mayor took the helicopter and landed in another city green space , Hunters Point South Park , in Long Island City , Queens , before traveling to a training center in the area for a 6:30 p. m. event hosted by the Joint Industry Board of the Electrical Industry . The administration ’s explanation that the police detail had made the decision to use the helicopter recalled the mayor ’s response early in his tenure when , after unveiling a traffic safety plan that included lowering of the speed limit on most city roads , his city vehicle was caught speeding . " I have great respect for N. his P. D. security training and protocols , " Mr. de Blasio said after the incident , pointing to a remark by the commissioner at the time , William J. Bratton , who said the detail had been moving with the flow of traffic as it was trained to do . " I ’m very comfortable with what Commissioner Bratton said , and I refer you to his comments . " As the mayor arrived at City Hall on Monday afternoon Commissioner Bratton —    by    sport utility vehicle   —    Mr. de Blasio was asked about his helicopter trip . He declined to comment . 
 Mr. de Blasio Mr. de Blasio 