Everything wrong with Jeb Bush can be summed up in Jeb Bush approach to border security and American sovereignty . As we all now know , Jeb Bush considers illegal immigration an " act of love " on the part of the illegal immigrant sneaking into America illegally . Wednesday morning on " Morning Joe , " after barely getting out of New Hampshire alive , Bush repeatedly described Jeb Bush Donald Trump ’s proposed temporary ban on foreign Muslims as " horrific . "   You do n’t have to agree with the idea of Trump ’s temporary frontrunner Donald Trump see the benefits of such a thing , or why    of Republican voters in a moderate state like New Hampshire would New Hampshire it . To describe such a thing as " horrific " is not just hyperbole on Bush ’s part , it is pandering to the DC Media . The worst terror attack on domestic soil hit us just a few months ago in San Bernardino , California , and one of the two jihadists snuck into our country using a fiancée visa . She was not properly vetted a fiancée visa the federal government . ISIS is promising to seed Syrian refugees with their fighters , and did Syrian refugees successfully in last year ’s   tragically effective Paris terror attack . We ’ve been told by no less than the F. B. I. that our government can not properly the federal government from    areas like Syria , a country from which Obama is importing tens of thousands of Muslim refugees . We ’ve also been told that We are ISIS investigations in all 50 states . We do n’t know how many We those being investigated are refugees or immigrants , but it ’s safe guess too many are . As far as Jeb ’s condescending , sanctimonious " act of love " nonsense , he sounds no different than Obama Jeb’s Hillary someone pandering to identity politics , to lawbreakers who cost    taxpayers a $ 100 billion per year , and the jobs of working class citizens and legal immigrants who do play the rules . Jeb sounds proud of the fact that he is not on the side Jeb Americans . Rather than protect and look out for Americans , he ’s making foreigners a priority Jeb He also sounds like a rape Jeb . Meanwhile , Donald Trump   not only promises to back his fellow citizens , when it Jeb to illegal immigration and a temporary Muslim ban , he proves he ’s willing to Jeb all Jeb of media hell to keep that promise . Jeb might actually believe this    garbage . Or he might be a puppet of Jeb    who save gajillions exploiting illegals at the expense of Americans and legal immigrants . Either way , his priorities are a suicide pact Jeb America and the Republican Party .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                  
 