  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan said Sunday despite Donald Trump ’s campaign rhetoric , lawmakers are not prepared to form a deportation force to    and deport undocumented immigrants . " We are not planning on erecting a deportation force . Donald Trump’s planning on that , " House Speaker Paul Ryan told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . " " I think we should put people ’s minds at ease : That is not what our focus is we That is not what we ’re focused we . We ’re focused we securing the border . We think that we first and foremost , before we get into we other immigration issue , we ’ve got we know who ’s coming and going into the country     we ’ve got we secure the border , the border added . Trump told CBS’ Lesley Stahl in a " 60 Minutes " interview set to air Sunday night that he still plans to he a    border wall . And asked if he ’d accept a he instead of a wall , Trump said : " Trump certain areas I would , but certain areas , a wall is more appropriate . I ’m very good at this , it ’s called construction this " Trump added that " Trump could be some fencing . " He did not , Trump , repeat his campaign promise to Trump all undocumented immigrants .   He pledged to focus Trump on deporting those who have committed crimes within the United States     " gang members , drug dealers . .. probably two million , it could even be three million "     and worry about others later . " After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized , we ’re going to make a determination on the people that they ’re talking about the people are terrific people , " Trump said .   Ryan deflected questions about whether he ’d support Trump Ryan calls to Trump tariffs on imports from countries like Mexico . Instead , Ryan said , he supports Ryan reforms to Ryan the same challenges " without any adverse effects     without any collateral damage to the economy . " The House speaker also said he is on board with The House speaker ’s call to keep Trump elements of President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law . But he wo n’t commit to The House speaker insurance coverage of birth control for women at no cost . " Obamacare is failing . It must be replaced . Obamacare ’re going to do that . We ’re excited about it We .. We can Obamacare what is We in health care without breaking what is working in health care , " Ryan said . The Wisconsin Republican said he agrees with Trump ’s The Wisconsin Republican to CBS’ " 60 Minutes " that Obamacare ’s laws against barring those with    conditions from receiving coverage and allowing those up to age 26 to remain on their parents’ insurance can stay in place even as the GOP pushes to repeal Obamacare . Ryan said the GOP plans to push the GOP the GOP that would allow    Americans to essentially use those tax credits as vouchers to buy insurance , rather than receiving    Medicaid . He demurred when Tapper asked whether Ryan would be required to cover birth control at no cost to women     a primary feature of Obamacare     by saying he was n’t going to discuss Ryan nitty gritty "    Pressed by Tapper , Ryan said : " I ’m not going to get into hypotheticals about legislation that has n’t even been drafted yet . " 
 