Washington ( CNN ) South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham blasted President Donald Trump , saying Tuesday South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham was undermining confidence in both the American democratic system and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham with the continued claims of voter fraud . President Donald Trump surprised the top Republicans and Democrats in Congress on Monday when , during a dinner at the White House , President Donald Trump repeated President Donald Trump claim that millions of undocumented immigrants voted for Hillary Clinton     allegedly depriving President Donald Trump of the popular vote . " I was n’t there , but if the President of the United States is claiming that 3 . 5 million people voted illegally , that shakes confidence in our democracy   —    the President of the United States needs to disclose why the President of the United States believes that , " Graham told CNN on Tuesday .   Trump has offered no evidence of the alleged voter fraud , and Trump claim , originally made two months ago , has been repeatedly debunked . Graham has been one of staunchest Trump critics in the Senate but recently announced Graham would support Trump pick for secretary of state , an olive branch to the new President .   Graham cautioned Tuesday that the continued harping from Trump Trump ultimately undermine Graham own support among the public . " I would urge the the new President knock this off this is this greatest democracy on Earth , we ’re the leader of the free world , and people are going to start doubting you as a person if you keep making accusations against our electoral this country without justification , " Graham said . " This is going to erode his ability Graham govern this country if he does Graham stop it . " Sen. Jeff Flake chastised Trump Tuesday for reviving the issue .   " That does n’t do anybody any good . Trump n’t help him . That does n’t help any of us , " Flake said . Rep. Will Hurd , Trump Texas Republican , said he saw no evidence of widespread voter fraud . " I would suggest the White House looks in Rep. Will Hurd, a Texas Republican windshield and not the rearview mirror . They did something that nobody thought they could do . the White House should be proud ( of ) that the White House not let this be a the White House , " Hurd the White House CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . "   Republican lawmakers dodge another Trump    Graham ’s candid broadside stood out Tuesday , as other top Republicans     some apparently exasperated     ducked questions on Trump ’s latest comment .   Sen. John Thune ,    Dakota , repeatedly said " I do n’t know the answer , " when asked how Trump came up with his numbers . Sen. Tim Scott ,    Carolina , would only say " Trump ’s not important Trump me " when asked about Trump ’s comments . And Sen. Marco Rubio ,    said Trump ’s claim was " distracting ( Trump’s ) not me . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch Trump , who was at Monday ’s dinner at the White House when Trump revived the allegation , deflected a question by saying that voter fraud is real and happens in Trump home state of Kentucky . Schumer reacts , Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer , meanwhile , blasted Trump first , and later accused Senate Republicans of not doing enough to deal with the President ’s Trump statements .   " The President Senate to realize he ’s president . Instead of talking about the election , or how many people showed up at the The President , he ought to talk about how many new jobs he ’s created . It ’s time to be president The President " Schumer said .   Schumer then pointed The President target at Republicans . " When these falsehoods are told , The President Republican colleagues have The President obligation to reject them . Not to skirt around them , " he said The President " The bottom line is simple : our Republican colleagues can not run a government our Republican colleagues you can The President help people , you can not keep America safe if you do not actually admit to the facts . "   House Speaker Paul Ryan     who has previously fought back against Trump ’s allegations of voter fraud     largely sidestepped a question about his thoughts when Trump brought the claim up again in their meeting Monday .   " I ’ve already House Speaker Paul Ryan    who has previously fought back against Trump’s allegations of voter fraud     on that Trump’s I ’ve seen no evidence to that effect . I ’ve made that very , very clear , " Ryan said Tuesday .   Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are scheduled to meet with Graham , Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan    who has previously fought back against Trump’s allegations of voter fraud     all of the House and Senate Republicans later this week in Philadelphia for their annual retreat . House Speaker Paul Ryan    who has previously fought back against Trump’s allegations of voter fraud     Trump and Vice President Mike Pence 