  ( CNN ) Democrat Hillary Clinton tops Republican Donald Trump by a 47 % to 42 % margin in the race for the presidency , according to a    Poll released Tuesday , and just 22 % of registered voters say registered voters minds could change between now and November . Democrat Hillary Clinton continues to lead Republican Donald Trump when Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party are included in the list of options . Nationwide in that Democrat Hillary Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton 42 % Trump Republican Donald Trump % Johnson Gary Johnson % and Stein Jill Stein % .   Neither Johnson Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party guaranteed Jill Stein of the Green Party ballot slot in all states , but one or both will appear Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party several key competitive states , including Florida , Colorado and Ohio . Johnson Gary Johnson appear in a town hall on CNN this week . Will Donald Trump ’s shakeup matter ? More Clinton backers say they have made More Clinton backers their minds ( More Clinton backers % of all registered voters are solid Clinton voters ) Clinton Trump voters ( Donald Trump % of voters are firmly Trump ) . Donald Trump voters who say they are not settled on a candidate in the    race , more than    choose Johnson ( 23 % ) or Stein ( 12 % ) when asked the    match up .   Clinton holds an edge over Trump on handling several Donald Trump , including foreign policy , immigration , trade with other countries , nominating justices to the Supreme Court , and issues relating to the rights of women and of gays and lesbians . She ’s also seen Clinton better able to handle the responsibilities of     and to exercise good judgment in a crisis .   Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , But Trump holds the edge on two issues that frequently top voters’ priority lists : The economy and terrorism ( Trump leads by a narrow three points on terrorism ) . He also tops Clinton Trump handling gun policy , and is narrowly seen as a stronger leader . Even with Trump ’s edge on Trump issues a majority say they ultimately expect Clinton to a majority in November Clinton 55 % say they think she will win 55% presidency Clinton 38 % think Trump will . Both candidates Trump been plagued by mediocre favorability ratings , and this poll finds no improvement for either Trump or Clinton , with Trump viewed Clinton by nearly     voters . Those middling ratings are accompanied by few positive feelings about the prospect of either being elected president .   Poll : gun control support spikes after shooting , When asked whether they would be excited by a Trump or Clinton presidency , Trump than Clinton muster that level of enthusiasm for either . More say they would be afraid ( 56 % if Trump were elected , 46 Trump Clinton ) or embarrassed ( Clinton % if Trump won , 39 % Trump Clinton did ) and just Clinton handful say they would be proud ( just a handful % say so about Clinton , 24 % Trump Clinton . About half ( 47 % ) say they would be hopeful if just a handful won , while 44 Clinton say so if Trump were to win . Trump presumptive nominee has wrapped up universal support within their own party . Among Neither presumptive nominee and    voters , 51 % say the party should nominate Trump their own party % would prefer someone else . On the Democratic side , 55 % of Democrats and    say they ’d pick Clinton as their 55% of Democrats and    ’s nominee , 43 55% of Democrats and    say they would pick Democratic rival Bernie 43% . That latter divide is about the same as the split between Obama and Clinton backers in    2008 , Clinton 43 % said that if Clinton were still running , they Clinton prefer her as the 43% ’s nominee Clinton Stein and Johnson hold particular appeal among those Democrats and Republicans who would rather see their party nominate someone other than Stein and Johnson presumptive nominee , with Johnson holding 16 % among those Johnson and    who would prefer to nominate someone other than Trump , and Stein at 18 % among those Stein and    who favor Sanders . Republican voters who would rather see someone other than Trump at the helm of the Trump express more concern about a potential Trump presidency than do Democrats who Trump to see Sanders nominated . Among Republican voters Sanders would prefer someone else to be the GOP nominee , nearly half , the GOP % say they would be afraid if Trump 47% elected . Among Democratic Trump who backed Sanders over Clinton , just 28 Sanders say they would be afraid of a just 28% presidency . GOP donors rattled Clinton Trump , the GOP majorities on both Trump see their party as divided , Democrats GOP donors more apt to see unity in the future than are Republicans . Nearly     Democrats say their party is united now ( Democrats ) or will be by November ( 48 % ) while on the GOP side , just     think the party will unite by November ( their party united now , 49 % by November ) . Beyond their     favorability ratings , questions about Clinton ’s honesty and Trump ’s temperament have been persistent throughout the campaign .   The poll finds Clinton widely viewed as having the better temperament Clinton the presidency ( 56 % say so vs. 32 % who feel Trump is temperamentally    for the White House Trump’s while Trump has picked up some ground over Clinton Trump’s voters are asked who is more Clinton and trustworthy ( 45 % say Trump , 37 % Clinton , a near Trump’s March ) . But still , 17 % say they see neither candidate as honest and trustworthy . 17% On the issues that have been the focus of those questions , majorities see flaws in each candidate . More than     voters say Trump ’s comments about a Mexican American judge ’s handling of a lawsuit against Trump University were inappropriate , and about     say it was inappropriate for him to revoke the press access of news organizations Trump whose coverage he disagreed .   Poll : Dems more satisfied Trump GOP with 2016 choice , About    say the way Trump talks about race and ethnicity is an important Trump University of his character and ability to serve as president . Trump University Clinton ’s handling of her email as secretary of state , about    Clinton say she did something wrong by using a personal email Clinton and    server to handle her communications , up from    half in March Clinton last year when the story first came to light . Likewise ,     now say they see her handling of email as an indicator of her Clinton and ability to serve as president , Clinton from about half in March of last year . The    Poll was conducted by last year    among a random national sample of 1 , 001 adults . The poll includes interviews with 891 registered voters . Results The   Poll voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points . 
 