  ( CNN ) No one should be surprised by Donald Trump ’s latest tweet ( Hillary Clinton as a " corrupt candidate , " next to a    star and $ 100 bills ) or that it came from an    internet message board . Donald Trump has used racist images to forge an emotional connection with potential voters , presenting potential voters with symbols that speak for Donald Trump about who will be included and excluded when America is " great again . " Donald Trump may be known for changing Donald Trump opinions and policy platforms , but when it comes to racism Donald Trump ’s been consistent . In fact , Donald Trump reliance on racism to build Donald Trump voter blocs , and Donald Trump steadfast refusal to acknowledge the dangerous consequences of spreading ideologies of hate , stand out as among the only elements of continuity in Donald Trump campaign . Trump ’s    tweet of Clinton simply continues all of these longstanding campaign practices . The theme of Clinton ’s corruption is an old one . But why Trump , as many on Twitter asked ? The Trump integral to making the image work for Trump ’s Trump fringe constituencies . Disenfranchised whites will read clearly the conspiracy theory implied : Clinton as a Clinton for Jews , who can work through her to exercise Clinton power . Disenfranchised whites : we ’ve seen it countless times . The only new thing is that the political " cover " is a woman . As someone who writes about fascism and propaganda , I took note last summer when Trump burst on the political scene and started to use racist images to build his notoriety into Trump successful political brand . A public relations master , Trump has often Trump his success to A public relations master a " shallow " thinker     by which he means listening A public relations master his intuition , A public relations master with your first reaction to a person , object , or idea .   Trump knows that Trump reception of images falls into that " shallow " category : we look , and if the image is striking , or " charged " in some way , we have a our reaction . His political communications Trump placed Nazi German symbols , which are shorthand for hatred of Jews ( among other groups ) front and center before . Think back to last summer , when Trump tweeted a photo of    soldiers ( in reality a stock image of actors with SS uniforms ) overlaid by an American flag , with a portrait of himself saying , " We need real leadership . We need results . Let ’s put the We S. back into business ! " That tweet also introduced us to a crucial facet of Trump ’s propaganda : using Nazi and other racist images to signal gratuitously to supporters the superiority of whiteness , encourage threats of violence against dark people , and stoke the cult of a strong leader . There was no substantive policy reason for those SS troops to be there     but they did enable those SS troops to reach Trump who want to strengthen America , and those who think that means our country must America and   . A swastika also improbably figured in the montage of images Trump tweeted in Trump 2015 , in an attempt to discredit Jeb Bush by painting him as   . Jeb Bush had Bush with a sombrero Jeb Bush and monkeys crossing our border     but We swastika got the A swastika media attention , as Trump undoubtedly knew Trump would . In 2016 , Trump has continued Trump retweet others’ Nazi emblems and messages . In this way he introduces his millions of Jeb Bush to Jeb Bush subculture of white anger , legitimating concepts like " Jewmerica " and " white genocide " by giving them a national hearing . his millions of followers responses of the Trump campaign to protests over their dissemination of racism are the Trump campaign as important for understanding Trump ’s world view and campaign strategy . Over the last year we ’ve heard every explanation from blaming interns ( for the SS uniforms ) to claiming that Trump himself made an innocent Trump not seeing the offending images , in the case of the Bush swastika ) . Some excuse this as fallout from a disorganized campaign .    But this is wishful thinking . Trump this be a loose cannon Trump front of the cameras , but he knows exactly what he is Trump when it comes Trump social media . He knows that the impact of Trump like these is immediate , and that the originals will continue to circulate , even if he deletes them . As to Trump argument the originals being circulated by surrogates that Trump is    and thus ca Trump really be    images really do speak here more loudly than words . There ’s also the historical precedent of leaders who were " good for the Jews "     until they were n’t . Take Benito the Jews : he promoted Jewish Italians in the Benito Mussolini bureaucracy . Then he passed the    laws in Benito Mussolini . Among the victims was his own longtime mistress , Margherita Benito Mussolini , who was among the shocked Italian Jews who fled overseas . Join us on Facebook . . Trump is not   . Trump is only   . He Trump do , or say Trump whatever it takes to get elected . That apparently also means exploiting    which throughout history has proved quite reliable in rousing people in predictable ways . If we look back at Trump ’s track record toward all Trump    peoples , we ca n’t say we have not been warned . 
 we 