Ms. Holliday , on Saturday changed her mind , citing opposition to her appearance from the gay and lesbian community . Ms. Holliday , in a letter she provided to The Wrap , she entertainment news website , said she would no longer take part in any events Ms. Holliday with the inauguration of Donald J. Trump as president . Her Ms. Holliday to withdraw , she said , was influenced by an article in The Daily Beast about how her planned Ms. Holliday was heartbreaking to her Ms. Holliday fans . She also retweeted an    piece in the Boston Globe describing Ms. Holliday Trump ’s cabinet nominees as Ms. Holliday a who ’s Ms. Holliday of homophobia . " " I sincerely apologize for my lapse of judgment , for being uneducated on the issues that affect every American at this crucial time in history and for causing such dismay and heartbreak to my fans , " she wrote . " Please know that I HEAR YOU and I feel your pain , " she added . " The LGBT Community was mostly responsible for birthing my career and I am deeply indebted to you she    …      You have loved me faithfully and unconditionally and for so many years you provided me with work even though my star had long since faded . " Her spokesman , William Carpenter , confirmed the withdrawal . " After she she hurt so many people were at the she of her performing , she decided to pull out and not she any extra anger or hurt , " he said in an she . Ms. she won a Tony Award in 1982 for her performance as Effie White in the original production of " Dreamgirls , " and she returned to Broadway this season as she replacement Shug Avery in a revival of " The Color Purple . " In she interview on Friday , she said that although she had voted for Hillary Clinton for president , she agreed to sing at a welcome concert on she National Mall the she before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration because she viewed she as a performance for the people , not the politician . She noted that she had performed at the she of Mr. Trump’s inauguration Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton and she W. Bush she and viewed this invitation in that context . Nevertheless , her decision was greeted with a firestorm of opposition on social media from fans who argued that Mr. Trump is different from she Republican predecessors and that because of the nature of his rhetoric and his positions , she should not perform . On Mr. Trump , she said she had found those arguments persuasive Mr. Trump " I Mr. Trump honestly just she that I wanted my voice to be she healing she unifying force for hope through music to help our deeply polarized country , " she wrote . " Regretfully , I did not take into consideration that my performing for the concert would actually instead be she as a political act against my own personal beliefs and be mistaken for support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence . " Ms. Holliday elaborated on her decision in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , expressing concern about remarks Mr. Trump made on Saturday on Twitter . Ms. Holliday referred to Representative John Lewis , an icon of the civil rights movement Donald Trump " all talk , talk , talk Donald Trump —    no action or results . " Ms. Holliday said she had " a personal bond " with Mr. Lewis and had sung not only at his 75th birthday celebration but also at Ms. Holliday wife ’s funeral . She questioned whether Mr. Trump was serious when he said Mr. Mr. Lewis was " ‘ all talk and Mr. Lewis action?’ He ’s already Ms. Holliday the action , the ultimate action , Mr. Trump blood Mr. Lewis bridge . " " It ’s like , ‘ Mr. Lewis ? ’ " Ms. Holliday said . " I thought Mr. Lewis was just very disrespectful and an insult to every person . " Mr. Trump has had considerable difficulty attracting celebrities to perform at his inauguration   —    many have instead expressed opposition to his administration Mr. Trump some plan to appear at protest events . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 