  ( CNN ) The reason why I joined an estimated 125 , 000 men , women and children in Boston at the Women ’s March is simple . I do n’t agree with a President who " tweets " us like crap . And by " us , " I mean all of us .   Saturday , in more than 673 cities around the world , millions of men , women and children showed up at historic women ’s marches to demonstrate strength and protest Donald Trump ’s divisive policies and offensive rhetoric against women and minorities .   In the United States , according to crowd scientists cited by The New York Times , the Women ’s March in Washington had three times more people than Donald Trump ’s inauguration . Where were all these progressive men and women on Election Day , you might ask ? the Women were at the polls Donald Trump lost the popular election by more 2 . 9 million votes . It ’s a fact .   If you look at voting maps for millennials , you look at voting maps for millennials did n’t vote for Donald Trump either .   Guess where you look at voting maps for millennials were this weekend . I ’ll give you a clue    you look at voting maps for millennials were n’t at the inauguration .    But facts do n’t matter to Donald Trump and you look at voting maps for millennials wo n’t change Donald Trump policies . Just look at Donald Trump reaction to Donald Trump paltry approval ratings and inauguration attendance . Aerial photos prove the lousy numbers and so do subway rides . The rides recorded for the Women ’s March in Washington were nearly three times that of Inauguration Day and the second highest in the Metro ’s history . Plus , the turnout was so big , there was no room to actually march . Same in Chicago , Boston and Los Angeles . Trump ’s reaction to these facts ? Lie , blame the media , create fake news and then punish those who told the truth .   After the National Park Service retweeted an aerial view of the crowds , the National Park Service was removed and a freeze on all social media activities by the agency was mandated . That     strategy may have gotten him elected in the Rust Belt but That    strategy wo n’t keep him in office .   Facts are steadfast , and another fact is that power shifts all the time . Just look at the SP Fortune 500 many experts agree 40 % of the top companies will be gone in a decade . And Trump wo n’t last forever either .   How long him lasts is up to you . The march Saturday will not change Trump but it The march Saturday change you , your involvement , your families’ opinions and the midterm elections . Do n’t sit back and rely on the government to improve the quality of your life , rely on yourself to improve the quality of the the government    Marching is the easy part : It ’s what happens next that can change everything . Here ’s what you can do : Call your representatives . Study the issues and then pick up the phone and call your representatives your representatives ’s information on how to make those calls . You wo n’t be alone .   People woke up Sunday , walked the dogs and then picked up the phone . the phone . Donate to organizations you care about to help them fight Congress’ plans organizations you care defund them and to send organizations you care message of support . Support the media . A free press is a critical pillar in our democracy . Whether your favorite channel is Fox News or CNN , it ’s essential the your favorite channel remain diligent A free press and uncensored , especially with a man like Trump who hates criticism .   Get involved . If you live in a part of the country where divisive political tribalism is rampant , do n’t retreat , get involved . The people who marched on Saturday , for example , are doing something en masse every 10 days     the first is to send a flood of postcards to representatives in Congress .   Do n’t underestimate the power you have . Especially when you leverage social media and join with other voices . Sleeping Giant is run by one guy who calls out advertisers on    websites . He ’s been very effective one guy who calls out advertisers on   websites Run for office . If you ’ve ever been frustrated by government , stop complaining and run for office . There are nonprofit organizations that will help you get the training you need to run .   A great starting place for your research is Emerge America , an organization that focuses on helping women run for office .   Talk with friends and relatives who " do n’t get " implicit bias . Here ’s a remarkable series by The New York Times .   Watch it with your friends and a remarkable series by The New York Times . The peanut butter and jelly example changed everything for me .   And most importantly , listen . That ’s what we ’ve all lost in this election , the ability to truly listen to one another and work together to find common ground . Feeling listened to and understood is critical to changing someone ’s opinion . I wrote many months ago that a large number of people who voted for Trump were n’t voting for him , they were voting Trump Washington a large number of people who voted for Trump the media and the elitism that had been a chaff for so many years .   We all need to do a better job listening and working together . Which brings me to my final " " list item : Do n’t be a jerk ,    author Seth Godin writes : " Jerk comes from the idea of pulling hard on the reins , suddenly and without care . Horses do n’t like it and neither , it turns out , do people . " He ’s right . Trump author Seth Godin a jerk . And jerks last only so long before people get sick of them . Many of my people who voted for Trump are already sick of Trump complaining about the media Trump of governing . That ’s only going to continue . In that frustration , there ’s a chance to find common ground . Remember , change does n’t happen overnight . And it ’s the little things that build over time and add up to enormous change .   Every single person who showed up around the world Saturday made a choice to go to the march . Collectively , that made a huge statement . The same is true about every little thing you do : donations , phone calls and getting involved at a local level . Will Trump or Congress notice ? I doubt it . And I do n’t care . Trump wo n’t ever change . He ’s incapable of change Trump " of turning the other cheek and converting doubters into allies . "   His Twitter account proves it Trump    Besides , His Twitter account do n’t want him to change . I Trump him out of office . Trump march was n’t for him . It was for Trump . The march of us All of us It was a All of us call . Marching is the easy part , now it ’s time to get to work . 
 