Cincinnati , Ohio   ( CNN ) Donald Trump , in Donald Trump first public comments on the controversy , expressed no regrets Wednesday night for tweeting an image widely criticized as   . Instead , the presumptive Republican nominee unflinchingly defended the tweet on Saturday targeting Hillary Clinton , saying the presumptive Republican nominee staff " should n’t have " deleted it . Later Wednesday evening , Donald Trump tweeted a picture of a Disney movie sticker book for " Frozen " that featured a    star . " Where is the outrage for a Disney movie sticker book for "Frozen" that featured a   star ? Is this the ’Star of David’ also ? Dishonest media ! " Donald Trump tweeted . Donald Trump ’s comments on Wednesday revived a controversy that appeared to be quickly fading under the weight of the news that Hillary Clinton ’s private emails included classified information , and that she will Hillary Clinton face charges . On a day when Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton the airwaves , Donald Trump resurrected Donald Trump own . Reached Wednesday night about Donald Trump latest tweet , the national director of the    League , Jonathan Greenblatt , was baffled . He Donald Trump there was no comparison between the star on the " Frozen " book and " a Jewish star superimposed on money talking about calling a candidate being corrupt . " " Just so we ’re clear the image originated with a white supremacist     not with Disney animators in Burbank , " Greenblatt said of Trump ’s    tweet . Greenblatt said Trump needed Greenblatt " Trump acknowledge that millions of people were offended " and make it clear that    and racist views    do n’t have a place in the campaign . " Clinton ’s campaign also the campaign the opportunity to go back on the attack , tweeting : " Do you want to build a strawman ? " On Monday , the Clinton campaign knocked Trump for the campaign Clinton    image " and criticized the de facto GOP nominee for refusing to apologize for the tweet . At his rally , Trump also repeatedly slammed Trump media     including CNN     for its coverage of the Trump during a rally with thousands of supporters in the battleground state of Ohio and accused the media of having " racist tendencies . " " Actually they ’re racially profiling . They ’re racially profiling . Not us . they do they bring this up ? " Trump said they " These people are sick . " Critics of they tweet pointed out that the graphic , Trump featured Clinton and the star on a bed of money with the words " most corrupt candidate ever , " evoked common    imagery . Then , the    League , a leading group in the U. S. combating    and bigotry , slammed Trump ’s use of the image and Greenblatt told Trump had no doubt the imagery was    and said Greenblatt was " the classic trope of Jews and money no doubt the imagery was    " Trump said he was not at all mad at his Greenblatt media Greenblatt , Dan Scavino , who posted Greenblatt tweet . Trump pointed out that Scavino ’s wife is Jewish . Greenblatt also doubled down on his comments about the former Greenblatt dictator Saddam Hussein , Greenblatt human rights abuser whom Trump praised Tuesday night for his efficient killing of terrorists Greenblatt " I do n’t Greenblatt Saddam Hussein . I hate Saddam Hussein . But he Greenblatt good at killing terrorists Greenblatt Trump said Wednesday Greenblatt Trump also praised former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Greenblatt who is being Greenblatt as a potential vice presidential pick and joined him at the rally . " And I ’m not saying anything Greenblatt and I ’m not telling you it ’s Newt or anything . But I ’m tell you , in one form or another , Newt Gingrich is going to be involved with our government , that I can tell you , " Trump said . " He ’s smart , he ’s tough , he gets it . Newt Gingrich Gingrich , who Newt Gingrich in for president Newt Gingrich 2012 , spoke before Trump , hammering the Justice Department ’s decision to not charge Clinton Trump her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of Clinton . " I can not imagine more vivid proof of corruption , " Gingrich said , pointing in particular to former President Bill Clinton ’s impromptu meeting with U. S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac last week . Trump repeatedly referenced Gingrich after taking over the podium . " I ’m not saying Gingrich ’s Newt , but if it ’s Newt , nobody is going to be beating him in it debates , " Trump said . The businessman also Trump the candidacy of a fellow Trump facing a Trump fight , urging his supporters at the top of his speech and in closing to " Trump out and vote for Rob Trump , " while slamming the Ohio senator ’s Democratic rival , former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland . And in a strange moment , Trump at Ohio point squashed a mosquito buzzing around his podium . " I do n’t like mosquitos ! " the billionaire Trump estate mogul shouted , before adding , " OK , speaking of mosquitoes , hello Hillary , how are you doing ? " 
 