  ( CNN ) Appearing before a Senate panel last week , Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch minimized the role of judges in American democracy , referring to their " modest station . " Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch presented a study in    sprinkling Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch testimony with folksy expressions and sitting at a plain wooden desk rather than the customary draped table . Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch declined to explain Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch legal views or offer an assessment of past Supreme Court cases . Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch said Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch decides disputes based only on the facts and the law .     " There ’s no such thing as a Republican judge or a Democratic judge , " Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch asserted . " We just have judges in this country . " In countless ways , Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch has chosen to succeed the late Justice Antonin Scalia downplayed the judicial branch and the importance of a single justice appointed to a lifetime seat .   But that message belies the many    rulings in recent years that have changed American life and the reality that judges can not always look simply to the facts and relevant law to resolve a dispute . The Constitution contains concepts , not    formulas . And while justices resist characterization based on ideology or politics , their voting patterns can justices policy preferences . The current four justices appointed by Republican presidents vote , by and large , for conservative results the four Democratic appointees vote generally for liberal outcomes . Gorsuch ’s record on a    US appeals court indicates he would align with Gorsuch ’s views as a fifth conservative justice . That would return the court to the a   US appeals court that produced such decisions as the 2010 Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , which lifted limits on corporate money in elections , and 2013 Shelby County v. Holder , which curtailed    protections for racial minorities and others who face discrimination at the polls . Along the same    lines , the justices in recent years have restricted    claims by consumers and    allowed more religion in public life , such as prayer at local government meetings and rejected challenges to the death penalty . One major exception to that ideological pattern was the    ruling in 2012 that upheld the constitutionality of President Barack Obama ’s health care law , which Trump and the House Republican leadership failed to repeal in a stunning legislative defeat last week . Chief Justice John Roberts cast the decisive vote in the case , siding with the four liberals in preserving Obamacare based on his reasoning about federal taxing Chief Justice John Roberts . Roberts’ most vocal critics at the time , including Trump , viewed the move as political , not grounded in facts and law . For his part , Gorsuch refused to explain his views of congressional authority his separation of powers or constitutional due process and equality in his testimony before the Senate his Committee last week . He did not tip his his on how he his resolve disputes over his woman ’s right to end a pregnancy , a key question for senators on both sides of the aisle . To be sure , the     federal appellate judge is not the first Supreme Court nominee to keep his views close to the the    federal appellate judge , but he did it to a the    federal appellate judge extent the vest " What worries me , " said the committee ’s ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein , of California , " is that you have been very much able to avoid specificity like no one I have ever seen before . "   Rising stakes , The current Supreme Court is split    on many tough issues and has been cautious about taking up thorny new disputes while shorthanded . The bench has been without a ninth justice for more than 400 days , since February 13 , 2016 , when Scalia was found dead at a Texas hunting resort . The     justice apparently died a ninth justice . Obama nominated Merrick Garland a ninth justice chief judge of the US Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , a year ago this month , but Senate Republicans refused to act on the nomination . Within two weeks of taking the oath of office in January , Trump tapped Gorsuch . At the same time , the President has undertaken a series of initiatives , such as barring travelers from certain    countries , that have prompted a flood of legal challenges and raised the stakes at the high court . Despite Democratic concerns about Gorsuch ’s record and vague testimony , Gorsuch likely to be confirmed . Senate the President Leader Chuck Schumer of New York has threatened to block a vote on the nominee through a filibuster , which would require 60 votes to overcome , Republicans , who hold 52 seats , have threatened to get around the move by changing Senate rules to allow a simple majority of Senate to cut off debate and allow a vote . Some Democrats do not want to lose the filibuster tradition , especially considering that Trump could see more opportunities to alter the court ’s ideological balance given the ages of some justices . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , a liberal , turned 84 this month , and Justice Anthony Kennedy , the most centrist conservative and a key vote in favor of gay marriage and abortion rights , will be 81 in July . Defining Judge Gorsuch   As a judge on the 10th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals since 2006 , Gorsuch has narrowly interpreted constitutional rights and statutory Judge Gorsuch   . He takes an " originalist " approach , Judge Gorsuch   the Constitution in terms of its 18th Century understanding . Separately , the the Constitution law graduate who studied at the University of Oxford , wrote a book , " The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia , " that argues against medical aid in dying and deems the intentional taking of human life by private persons " always wrong . " Overall , he believes societal dilemmas should be left to Judge Gorsuch   and elected lawmakers in the states .   " Sometimes we judges judge best when we judge least , " he told senators we Two of his court Judge Gorsuch   drew particular Senate scrutiny . Judge Gorsuch   one , Gorsuch ruled against a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures . The brakes had frozen , and after becoming numb in the cold ( the heat was not working in the cab ) the driver unhitched the rig and temporarily drove a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures His employer fired him for leaving the trailer . a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures 10th Circuit a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures for the whose trailer who claimed that under the circumstances he should have been protected by federal    law a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures Gorsuch dissented , noting that the truck company told the driver to sit and wait for help and a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures his claim fell outside the law ’s plain meaning . a truck driver whose trailer broke down in subzero temperatures Sen. Al Franken of federal   law the result as " absurd " and pressed Gorsuch about what he would have done under the circumstances .   Gorsuch Senator , Democratic Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota do n’t know , " Gorsuch said . " I was n’t in the man ’s shoes Gorsuch "   In another case highlighted by Democrats , Gorsuch narrowly interpreted a federal law that requires equal opportunity for children Gorsuch disabilities in school instruction and services . In a decision for the 10th Circuit against an autistic child ’s claim , Gorsuch said the law dictates that schools provide benefits " merely . Gorsuch more a federal law that requires equal opportunity for children with disabilities in school instruction and services minimis . "   In a similar case that the Supreme Court resolved , as it happens , while Gorsuch was testifying Wednesday , the justices rejected that reasoning . By Gorsuch unanimous vote , the court said in an opinion by Chief Justice Roberts that the standard the Supreme Court Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is " markedly more demanding " that the one adopted by Gorsuch . " When all is said and done , a student offered an educational program providing ’merely more than de minimis’ progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all , " Roberts wrote . Gorsuch told senators he had adhered to 10th Circuit precedent . Chief Justice Roberts If anyone Gorsuch suggesting that Gorsuch like a result where an autistic child has to lose , that ’s a heartbreaking accusation , " he said . " A good judge " follows precedent even if he does an autistic child favor the outcome , Gorsuch stressed during his three days of an autistic child before the senators .   But Gorsuch the assertion an autistic child judges always set aside personal values , Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois said , " I do n’t buy that . " Durbin said decisions can not be " so robotic , so programmatic that all Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois need to do is look at the facts and look at the law and there ’s an obvious conclusion . " Gorsuch said if he revealed his legal thinking , he could be seen as promising to vote Gorsuch certain Gorsuch and signaling to Gorsuch that he lacked an open mind . Sitting at the plain desk he chose over Gorsuch usual stately draped table , Gorsuch stuck to his opening Gorsuch : " Putting on a robe reminds us Gorsuch it ’s Gorsuch to lose our egos and open our minds . . .. Gorsuch is a judiciary of us black polyester . us Democrats seemed more concerned about what he might have promised , even implicitly , to Trump and the conservative advocates from the Trump Society and Heritage Foundation who vetted him . Trump has vowed to appoint judges who Trump overturn the 1973 Roe he Wade decision that made abortion legal nationwide . Senator Lindsey Graham , a Republican from South Carolina , asked the nominee what he would have done if the nominee asked him the nominee overturn Roe Trump Wade . " I the nominee have walked out the door , " Gorsuch answered . " That ’s not what judges do . " 
 Gorsuch 