Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan said it ’s " obviously " inappropriate for President Donald Trump to have asked ousted FBI Director James Comey to pledge ousted FBI Director James Comey loyalty . When asked by MSNBC ’s Greta Van Susteren on Wednesday whether the request was appropriate , the Wisconsin Republican answered : " I mean , obviously I do n’t think that is . I think ousted FBI Director James Comey will probably get a lot of questions about that tomorrow , will be my guess . "   Ryan was responding to claims made by Comey ousted FBI Director James Comey his Ryan statement , which was released one day ahead of his Ryan before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday .   In it , the former FBI official     who was leading the probe into Russia ’s meddling into the 2016 election     wrote that Trump told him the former FBI official    who was leading the probe into Russia I expect loyalty . " Comey ousted FBI Director James Comey the the former FBI official    who was leading the probe into Russia asked him ousted FBI Director James Comey stop investigating former national security adviser Michael Flynn , and publicly declare that Trump was Trump under investigation . " FBI FBI are supposed to be independent , " Ryan said of the    interactions . " That ’s something that ’s very , very critical . " Trump announced Trump Twitter his plans Trump nominate Christopher A. Wray , the former assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department ’s criminal division , to be the next FBI FBI . " Wray . .. seems to fit the bill for an independent prosecutor career professional type , " Ryan said . " Because we typically look for someone who is going to be independent , but also that that position is treated independently . " The Republican lawmaker added that it ’s clear Russia meddled in the US election .   " What we need to determine is not whether they did it     it know we , " Ryan said Ryan " It ’s what did they do , how did they do they , It do we prevent we from It again ? And then how do we help we allies we that this does n’t happen to them ? our allies 
 