  ( CNN ) Michelle Obama said something stunning this week : Discussing the election of Donald Trump , Michelle Obama told Oprah Winfrey , in a clip that aired Friday on CBS , " We are feeling what not having hope feels like . "    Welcome to the club .   For many women across the United States , Michelle Obama occupies a similar role to that of Ms. Oprah Winfrey a widely admired , deeply trusted and    figure who has broken barriers without breaking down the ways so many of us relate to her Michelle Obama   Obama Michelle Obama careful and polished , but her Michelle Obama persona is less meticulously measured than that of her Michelle Obama , the President . She Michelle Obama the rare American figure who is both aspirational and relatable .    So when she Michelle Obama , " What else do you have if you do n’t have hope ? " in a moment when so many Americans have expressed hopelessness at the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency     worried sick about a    who ran a campaign infused with   embitterment , misogyny , and racism , who seems happy to disregard some of our nation ’s oldest democratic norms and who may have been helped along by Russian interference     she ’s telling us that she ’s she this scary path right along with us . us Perversely , hearing Mrs. Obama talk has made me the most hopeful I ’ve felt since Election Day .    Here ’s why : As First Lady , she had    play according to conservative , conformist rules , and as the country ’s first    First Lady , she had    take extra care to maintain an image of sophistication and excellence .     Once her husband    out of the White House , she ’ll    significantly freer     to speak her mind    pursue her own    and advocate for the things she believes    .   Michelle Obama has been clear she does Michelle Obama have electoral ambitions , but that does n’t necessarily mean she ’s Michelle Obama to retreat from the worlds of politics and advocacy . She is Michelle Obama after all , a brilliant and ambitious woman with years of notable work under her belt Michelle Obama from her years Michelle Obama private legal practice , to her work Michelle Obama the public sector , to running a nonprofit , to working in academia .    Her biography Michelle Obama naturally been overshadowed by the President ’s , but Michelle Obama ’s life has been one of hard work and substantial accomplishment , much of it in the service of making the world   —    certainly her community Michelle Obama a better place .     What she ’ll Michelle Obama next is still a question mark . Perhaps it ’ll be something in the health universe , along the lines of her " Michelle Obama ’s Move " program promoting child and adolescent health . And maybe now she ’ll Michelle Obama the ability to go bolder     her ambitions Michelle Obama change the American food system were thwarted by corporate food interests that have immense influence in Congress . Even what she could Michelle Obama in public seemed inhibited by her husband Michelle Obama position .   When she ’s Michelle Obama longer the First Lady , perhaps we ’ll see her taking Michelle Obama louder and more forceful stand .    Or maybe we ’ll see her embrace Michelle Obama important issues long neglected by prominent politicians . I would personally love to see her promote Michelle Obama rights , which have been deemed too controversial for    advocacy from many     road Democrats , or maternal health     African American women , after all , continue to die during pregnancy or childbirth in astounding and shameful numbers , and their plight   advocacy from many    road Democrats, or maternal health    African American women been largely ignored by the political establishment .     Perhaps like Michelle Obama , I ’ve spent the past month in what feels like a bottomless well of hopelessness . I know I ’m not alone     and that she just Michelle Obama out a lifeline . 
 