’   ’ ’    Donald Trump said Tuesday evening that Donald Trump had accepted an    invitation to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on    Wednesday   —    the same day Donald Trump is set to make a speech on    immigration . ’ ’ news of the possible    meeting . ’ ’    The Republican presidential nominee began considering the possible   meeting after Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto extended invitations to both    him Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee ,    over the weekend , The Post said . ’ ’    " I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Peña Nieto ,    of Mexico , and look very much forward to meeting him Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , "    Trump said on Twitter . ’ ’    Trump has ruffled   Trump in Mexican politics since the day he    began   Trump presidential campaign   Trump 2015 . In his announcement      Trump , he claimed the   Trump government sent criminals and    " rapists " over the border and vowed to solve the issue of illegal    immigration in the US . ’ ’    In March , Peña Nieto likened Trump’ ’s campaign to the rise of    dictators like Hitler and Mussolini . Months later , he backed off Peña Nieto of those comments during a news conference with US President    Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , saying    " It was only a call for reflection and for recognition , " . ’ ’   ’ "    The    mogul ’s stance on immigration of late   after he suggested last The   mogul’s that his    policy The   mogul’s the matter could be softened   —    a departure from his    hardline The   mogul’s to deport all immigrants who are in the country    without permission and to build a wall along the southern US    border . " "    Trump ’s shifting position on immigration has left his most ardent Trump supporters , who catapulted him to the Trump nomination , worried he    could Trump alter his original stance Trump the matter . " ’    Trump is expected Trump clarify his position at Trump scheduled campaign    rally in Phoenix on Wednesday night . ’ ’    A potential meeting between the bombastic billionaire and    Mexico’ ’s president could be a sign Trump is in Trump panic mode , "    Univision news anchor Jorge Ramos . ’ ’    Ramos suggested that Jorge Ramos may be too late for Trump to mend Trump    relationship Trump to mend Latino voters , after a contentious primary    campaign . ’ ’    " It doesn’’t matter what he says tomorrow Trump to mend He already lost Trump to mend    Latino vote , " Ramos said . ’ ’ Brett LoGiurato contributed to this report . ’ 
 