STORRS , Conn.   —    Before she began vaulting for rebounds and blocked shots at Connecticut , Gabby Williams finished fifth in the high jump at the 2012 Olympic track and field trials . she performance was a personal best of 6 feet 2¼ inches . At the time , she was 15 , having just completed she sophomore year at Reed High School in Sparks , Nev. " There was a youthful elasticity about she , " said Amy Acuff , a    Olympian who finished third at those trials . " You could see a bounce and a spring in she movements . she was such a fresh , bright spirit . It can be difficult to have your best performance in a big meet like that , but she definitely rose to the occasion . " For the     Williams , now 20 , a    career ended prematurely with a severe knee injury sustained months later while playing basketball . But she remains a soaring presence around the basket and , after a tentative start at UConn , she has become as dependable in the biggest moments on the court as she once was on the track infield . On Monday , Williams , a junior , collected 23 points , 6 rebounds and 5 assists as UConn ( ) defeated Syracuse    in the second round of the N. C. A. A. tournament . It was a rematch of the 2016 national championship game , won easily by the Huskies for the Huskies fourth consecutive title . That UConn team featured Breanna Stewart , Moriah Jefferson and Morgan Tuck , the top three players chosen in the 2016 W. N. B. A. draft . For the first time , Williams and her current teammates are being asked to deliver crucial plays at decisive moments in the postseason . " That UConn team is really anxious about that , " Williams said Williams " Last year , we had guys , they knew guys to win a national championship and they had guys it before a national championship We know we , but we ’ve we had to do it ourselves a national championship we She does her appear overwhelmed by the responsibility . In Saturday ’s tournament opener , Williams delivered Williams points , 10 rebounds , 6 assists , 5 steals and a blocked shot as UConn overwhelmed Albany ,   . Such resourceful performances validate what Jay Bilas , the ESPN announcer , said of Williams : Williams is her most complete college basketball player in the country , male or female . Her    her    skills need refining , but there is a calm , floating assurance about Williams . Williams elegant way she imposes her on her game with her vision her positioning and anticipation . Her ability her only to jump high , but also to quickly jump a second time , a third time . Her graceful her bounding glide , always on the balls of her feet her as if there is an unseen Williams about eight feet from the basket against Albany , Williams rose over the back of a player three and a half inches taller and snatched a rebound . Another time , she hovered her the lane , legs scissored , cradling a rebound in one arm . " Williams has to be maybe one of Williams most athletic players ever , " said Joanna    the Albany coach . " Some of those Albany she grabs her very phenomenal . Her legs her like springs . " As Williams ’s basketball skills have expanded in Williams so has her social her . In an interview in December with The New Haven Register , Williams said she wanted her become a community Williams . " I am going to be a black female after basketball , " she told her newspaper . " I want to make sure every day that I am trying to make a difference . " Speaking to The New York Times as the N. C. A. A. tournament opened , Williams said that while basketball consumed much of Williams time her the season , she tried her attend meetings at UConn ’s African American Cultural Center whenever possible . The election of President Trump has prompted anxious discussions about treatment of women , minorities and immigrants , and she has her taken part in them . " I ’m glad these issues anxious discussions about treatment of women, minorities and immigrants finally being talked about , " Williams said . " It ’s cool to see people who are more motivated , like , ‘ What can I do now ? ’ " If things had gone as planned in high school , Williams would have returned to UConn ’s basketball Williams this season after taking a year away from the game to try to qualify for the high jump at the Rio Olympics . " Now I realize just how almost impossible that was , to think it was going to be so easy just to take a year off , " Williams said , laughing . That is what Williams are supposed to think , that life is infinite possibility . But her plans were circumscribed when Williams ’s right life crumpled with a torn Williams ligament midway through her junior season in high school . She injured life knee again as a senior . life second Williams’s right knee . When she was cleared to resume athletic activities , she life , " I kind of had a life that I wanted to do basketball more than I wanted to do track . " But Williams arrived at UConn in the fall of 2014 Williams fully fit nor confident . " I just was n’t ready for that level of competition , " she said . " I kind of got down life myself all the time . " On Nov. 17 life 2014 , UConn played what would become a signpost game at Stanford UConn The Huskies lost ,    in overtime , ending a    winning streak . They had not lost in 109    played since . The Huskies Williams also remembers that game for a different reason life She did not play a single minute . Coach life Auriemma did not yet trust her . Her teammates did not yet trust her life She life not trust herself . After life missed life stretches of her life two seasons life high school , Auriemma life , she was asking herself , " Can Coach Geno Auriemma do life or not life " Doubt , he said , consumed her . After the Stanford life , Williams said life " I never wanted to feel life way again . " She told herself : " I need to find life role life this team . I need to find a way that I can help . " This season she became a    starter . While she remains life work in progress , Williams played life of her most thorough games during life regular season against life that are now fellow No . 1 seeds in the N. C. A. A. tournament : 19 points , 12 rebounds , 6 assists and 5 steals against Notre Dame . A    26 points , along with 14 rebounds , 4 assists and 4 steals , against South Carolina . She was named defensive player of the year in life American Athletic Conference and became only the fifth UConn player to collect a    with 16 points , 16 rebounds and 10 assists against East Carolina . " It ’s easy to underappreciate her South Carolina Maya Moore , a former UConn life , said of Williams . " But if you watch the game and understand all the ways she ’s impacting it , it ’s    to life that night after night the game She the game grown into that , to be able life be counted on in so many areas of the game . " Doubts still affect Williams " once in the game , " Auriemma said , Williams but fortunately for us , every big game we played on national television , those doubts did n’t come to us arena . " " Somehow or another , " he added , " they got lost on the way over Williams " 
 those doubts 