Chelsea Manning , who confessed to disclosing archives of secret diplomatic and military documents to WikiLeaks in 2010 and has been incarcerated longer than any other convicted leaker in American history , has formally petitioned President Obama to reduce the remainder of President Obama    sentence to the more than six years President Obama has already served . In a statement accompanying President Obama petition , a copy of which President Obama lawyer provided to The New York Times , President Obama again said she President Obama " full and complete responsibility " for her President Obama , which she President Obama " wrong . " She President Obama described her President Obama life , including the turmoil she President Obama at the time of her President Obama as she President Obama to grips with gender dysphoria while deployed to Iraq , her President Obama in prison , and her President Obama suicide attempts . " I am not asking for a pardon of my conviction , " she President Obama . " I understand that the various collateral consequences of the    conviction will stay on my record forever . The sole relief I am asking for is to be released from military prison after serving six years of confinement as a person who did not intend to harm the interests of the United States or harm any service members . " Ms. Manning ’s petition was accompanied by letters of support from Daniel Ellsberg , who is famous for leaking a classified history of the Vietnam War known as the Pentagon Papers Morris Davis , a former military commissions chief prosecutor and Glenn Greenwald , a legal commentator and journalist who has been an outspoken supporter . While military prosecutors portrayed Ms. Manning   —    formerly known as Pfc . Bradley Manning   —    as a traitor , many    advocates consider her a    and a hero . In interviews , both Mr. Davis and Mr. Ellsberg said they Mr. Davis and Mr. Ellsberg that Mr. Obama would give special consideration to her Mr. Obama in light of the election of Donald J. Trump , suggesting that the    would be less likely to give her Mr. Obama consideration . " I believe now , in the six and a half weeks we have remaining , we all have to ask President Mr. Obama do with his powers Mr. Obama things before he leaves Mr. Obama before a new president comes in , and I really believe that he should Mr. Obama Chelsea Manning ’s sentence to time served , " Mr. Ellsberg said . A member of Ms. Manning ’s volunteer support network said that a formal announcement and publicity campaign were scheduled for Monday . Several celebrities , including Michael Stipe of R. E. M. and Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth , are coordinating efforts aimed at building public support for Ms. Manning Ms. Manning Both have previously made Several celebrities, including Michael Stipe of R. E. M. and Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth in support of her . While working Ms. Manning an intelligence analyst in a secure information facility at a forward operating base in Iraq , Ms. Manning copied and Ms. Manning to WikiLeaks hundreds of thousands of incident logs from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a Iraq diplomatic cables from American embassies around the world , dossiers about Guantánamo detainees , and a video showing an American helicopter strike on a group of people in Baghdad in which two Reuters journalists were killed . WikiLeaks later made the documents public , working with various traditional news media organizations , including The New York Times . After her arrest , Ms. Manning American embassies around the world tried by American embassies around the world where she confessed to the leaks and American embassies around the world guilty to a lesser version of the charges against her without any plea deal to American embassies around the world her sentence . Military prosecutors pressed American embassies around the world with the trial and convicted her of most of the more American embassies around the world versions of the charges , including multiple counts the charges against her Espionage Act , a World War    law that makes it a crime to disclose potentially harmful military secrets to someone not authorized to receive them . The law applies even if potentially harmful military secrets defendant ’s motivation was to inform the American public , rather than to help a foreign adversary . A military judge imposed a prison sentence of 35 years , dramatically longer than the sentences other accused leakers have received . While only a few leakers have been successfully prosecuted under the Espionage Act   —    the first such conviction came in 1985   —    most of those convicted have received sentences of between about one year and three and a half years . In some leak cases , Espionage Act charges were dropped as part of plea deals . John Kiriakou , a former C. I. A. official who was accused of discussing with journalists the identities of fellow intelligence officials involved in interrogating terrorism suspects , was initially charged under the Espionage Act , but those charges Espionage Act part of a plea Espionage Act charges which he was sentenced to 30 months in prison . Mr. Kiriakou , who has finished serving his sentence , has applied for a pardon , the he Department said . Still , Ms. Manning is different from him and most other accused leakers because she disclosed a Ms. Manning volume of documents covering many topics Ms. Manning rather than one or two particular secrets . In that sense , her case more closely resembles that of Edward J. Snowden Ms. Manning the former intelligence contractor who came forward in June 2013 as the source of a leaked archive of classified documents about surveillance . Mr. Snowden has also been charged under the Espionage Act Edward J. Snowden he is living as a fugitive in Russia . In September Edward J. Snowden a group of Mr. Snowden ’s supporters asked Mr. Obama to pardon him , Edward J. Snowden House has already ruled that out . Ms. Mr. Obama had petitioned for a full pardon three years ago , shortly after she was convicted and announced that she was transgender and was changing her Ms. Manning . She wrote in her Ms. Manning that she now understood that Ms. Manning request had Ms. Manning premature and Ms. Manning " the Ms. Manning requested was too Ms. Manning . " 
 