SIOUX CITY , Iowa   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told some 4 , 300 supporters in a packed convention center that some 4, 300 supporters in a packed convention center state was a key to victory . [ " In two days   —    can you believe this ?   —    and we are going to win back the White House , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , to cheers . " And I want to thank the people of Iowa , so much . You have opened your hearts to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . "   Some had waited since 2:30 a. m. to see Trump   —    on a night when most people were catching up on sleep , thanks to the end of Daylight Savings Time . Another panoramic shot of # Trump rally in # SiouxCity # Iowa , at start time   —    waiting for @realDonaldTrump 9 , 000 or so pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 6 , 2016 ,    After his introductory remarks , Trump launched into an attack on Obamacare , which has been Trump major theme for the past two weeks . Trump added that there was " more than enough evidence to garner indictments " against Hillary Clinton , " despite Hillary Clinton efforts to disparage the FBI . " Trump added that Wikileaks had revealed that Hillary Clinton had been " sending highly classified information through Hillary Clinton maid . " And Trump warned , as Trump has done for a week , that electing Hillary Clinton would lead to " an unprecedented constitutional crisis . " Trump said the choice in 2016 was about " whether we will be governed by the people , or that corrupt political class . " Trump added , to applause : " If we win , our country will start winning again . " Trump also promised to " save " and " protect " Social Security : " You made a deal a long time ago . " Trump said that " the media and the political elite " did n’t understand the pain of ordinary Americans , but that in running for president , Trump had learned about the reality . Trump had gone , Trump said , from " a true insider " to " the ultimate outsider . " " I ’m not a politician . You , the American people , are my only special interest . " Trump said that supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) were coming over to Trump side , largely because of trade . " Trump made a deal with the devil , " Trump said . Trump also talked about agriculture , supporting    ethanol . " We will protect We family farms like no one has ever been protected before , " Trump said . Trump promised to cut back regulations , especially Environmental Protection Agency regulations , which Trump said were even more damaging than taxes to small businesses . " And , yes , We will build a Great Wall , " Trump said , to cheers , adding that Mexico would pay for it . Trump also said Americans were tired of fruitless wars to defend foreign countries . " But the politicians refuse to defend our borders , " Trump said . " That will change in November 8th . A trump administration will never put the interests of a foreign country ahead of a foreign country . From now on , A trump administration ’s going to be ‘ America a foreign country . ’ " Linda Massey , a small business owner from Sioux City , told Breitbart News that she Breitbart News hoping to see a " presidential " Trump onstage . Her Breitbart News reason for supporting Trump was her Breitbart News to see lower taxes , she Breitbart News . She Breitbart News that she Breitbart News no doubt he would win Iowa . " No one I know is voting for Hillary Breitbart News " The entire Hertenstein family turned out to the convention center to see their The entire Hertenstein family political rally .   Father Hertenstein he was " Hertenstein 100 % yet " with Trump . He wanted to Hertenstein the " positive " case for Trump ’s candidacy Trump Koenigs and Brian Scott of nearby Mapleton had original shirts made for the occasion , playing off the theme song of the movie Team America : World Police . The shirts read : original shirts made for the occasion : Trump Yeah ! Team America They were bullish on Trump original shirts made for the occasion chances on Trump " I think he ’s gon na surprise Trump lot of people , " Koenigs said . A group of voters standing nearby said : " Amen ! " One of them Jo Fuhrman of nearby Burbank A group of voters standing nearby South Dakota , said that she had liked Trump from the Jo Fuhrman she Trump him on television . Jo Fuhrman Trump the opposite about Hillary Jo Fuhrman , who she said offered " nothing " Jo Fuhrman her . " Someday there should Jo Fuhrman a woman president   —    not that one , " Fuhrman said . Teresa Wendel , Jo Fuhrman of a farming family based in nearby Schaller , came to the rally in    season to hear Trump speak . She told Breitbart News that her Jo Fuhrman premiums had risen $ Jo Fuhrman for the year . " I ’m a farmer   —    where are we supposed to get the money ? " Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) a Ernst " Donald Trump gave a voice to Trump Americans , " Ernst said . " That is what we need in this election   …     someone who will listen to your concerns . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon Joel B. Pollak Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 