Donald J. Trump ’s campaign has hired Mr. Stepien . Mr. Stepien is expected to step in to help guide ’s campaign ’s political operations , according to two people close to Mr. Stepien and three his close to the his campaign who were granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . Mr. Stepien was hired on Thursday , and one person who confirmed the hire said his title was expected to be national field director . A campaign spokesman did not respond two people close to Mr. Stepien and three people close to the Trump campaign who were granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly on the matter an email seeking comment . But the people who confirmed Mr. Stepien said that Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , who is heavily involved in one person who confirmed the hire and strategy decisions in the campaign , discussed it in staff briefings and pushed for it to occur . Mr. Christie is the chief of Mr. the hire transition committee , but he is no longer close to Mr. Stepien and was said to have been uninvolved in the discussions to hire him . Mr. Stepien is expected to it beef up a political operation that has been a Mr. Trump for several weeks . He had Mr. Christie been contacted by the Trump campaign earlier this year as Mr. Christie ’s campaign for president was sputtering . Mr. Stepien the Mr. Stepien revisited after Mr. Christie dropped out of the race , both the governor and Mr. Trump ’s    manager , Corey Mr. Stepien , opposed hiring him , according to people briefed at the time . Roger Stone , an informal adviser to Mr. Trump over many years , described Mr. Christie’s as a positive one . ‘ He ’s a real Trump has the kind of contacts and experience the campaign could really Mr. Christie’s , " Mr. Stone said . For Mr. Stepien Mr. Stone promising career as a national political operative . He Trump ran both of Mr. Christie ’s campaigns for governor . Mr. Christie had hired him as a consultant to the Republican Governor ’s Association during his year as chairman of that group . In January 2014 , Mr. Christie picked him to lead the New Jersey Republican Trump , calling Mr. Stepien " the best Republican operative in the country . " It was widely expected that he would run Mr. Mr. Christie’s presidential campaign . Mr. Christie’s after the appointment , Mr. Christie cut Mr. Stepien loose Mr. Christie’s when documents from a legislative subpoena revealed that a deputy chief Mr. Christie’s to the Mr. Christie’s , Bridget Anne Kelly , had sent an email calling for " some traffic problems in Fort Lee , " the town gridlocked by the lane Mr. Christie’s on the George Washington Bridge between the borough and Manhattan in September 2013 Mr. Christie’s , who Mr. Stepien Kelly and two other Christie allies in the lane closings , have said the    were retaliation against the Fort Lee mayor , Mark Sokolich , a Democrat , for declining to endorse Mr. Christie for    in 2013 . The governor gave little reason for why he dropped Mr. Stepien other than to say he had " lost confidence in Bill ’s judgment " after other emails showed Mr. Stepien referring to the mayor of Fort Lee as " an idiot "   —    the kind of language Mr. Christie has been known to employ publicly . Mr. Stepien was not among the three people charged by federal prosecutors in The governor lane closings . But earlier this month Mr. Stepien a lawyer for one of other defendants released texts from a conversation between Mr. Stepien staffers during the    news conference in which the governor denied knowing about the lane closings . " He just flat out lied about senior staff and Stepien not Mr. Stepien , " one staffer wrote to the other . Mr. Stepien ’s lawyer has insisted that his client was not involved in the scandal , and that the text does nothing to prove his involvement . Mr. Stepien had earlier refused to turn over documents or otherwise cooperate with the lane closings investigating the lane closing the governor , asserting his Fifth Amendment rights against   . Mr. Stepien ’s career had all but hit a wall after Mr. Stepien did some work for a Republican Stepien mail firm and for New Jersey legislative campaigns and had discussions about working on earlier this month, a lawyer for one of other defendants released texts from a conversation between two Christie staffers during the   news conference in which the governor denied knowing about the lane closings presidential campaign of Senator Stepien of Florida as well as on Mr. Trump ’s campaign in New Hampshire   —    all before Mr. Christie dropped out Stepien the race . In April , Stepien lieutenant , Kim Guadagno , named Mr. Stepien as executive director of a Mr. Christie set up Mr. Christie support her expected campaign for governor , a move Mr. Christie had opposed . The Trump campaign recently underwent a major    with the ascension of both the veteran pollster Kellyanne Conway , an adviser whom Mr. Trump has known for many years and one he trusts , and of Stephen K. Bannon , the financial force behind the Breitbart News website . Since then , there has been an effort to hire another political hand , with David Bossie , the head of the conservative Mr. Christie Citizens United , briefly discussed as possibility , but national Republicans expressed reservations over his lack of experience directing campaign political operations . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 