Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is drawing new support from Latino voters   —    especially young ones   —    in California , threatening a core Hillary Clinton constituency and convincing many analysts that Sen. Bernie Sanders can come from behind to win the June 7 primary . [ Poll results from April already showed Hillary Clinton ’s    lead among Latino voters shrinking to a statistical dead heat . As Breitbart News noted , Hillary Clinton led among Latinos by 30 points in October , but led the most recent poll by only one point .   The shift is partly a reaction to Donald Trump , who has evoked strong reactions among Latino voters . Radical groups that support Sanders ’s campaign have tapped into   —    and stoked   —    that outrage more effectively than Clinton ’s institutional allies . The latest sign of Sanders’s potential in the state is voter registration data that show a surge among young , Democratic voters in recent weeks . Registration among Latino voters is up a staggering 123 % according to a recent report by Political Data . Anecdotal evidence is also piling up . Latino activists have been protesting Trump events for months , but have also taken to demonstrating outside Hillary Clinton rallies in California . In Riverside on Tuesday evening , dozens of protesters interrupted the former Secretary of State , and also rallied outside : " Hey hey , ho ho , Hillary Hillary Clinton got to go ! " San    CBS News affiliate KPIX observes that Sanders ’s surge among Latinos could mean trouble for Hillary : Hillary Clinton     win for Sanders in Sanders   —    a Clinton stronghold Hillary Clinton home to 1 in 8 people in the United States   —    would end the former first lady ’s campaign with a thud , allowing Sanders to Sanders his argument Sanders he ’s Sanders party ’s best chance to defeat Republican Donald Trump in November   …      Clinton ran up a commanding     edge with Hispanics when she carried Clinton over Barack Obama in the state ’s 2008 presidential primary . But an independent Field Poll last month revealed a much closer contest and a familiar divide in the electorate : Clinton had Clinton    edge with Hispanics overall , while Sanders was the choice by a nearly     margin for Latinos under age 40 . Meanwhile , voter registration among young Hispanics , those age 18 to 29 , has been climbing , and they lean to Sanders . Sanders " Sanders a real potential to win Latinos " in California , predicted Sanders campaign Sanders Ben Tulchin . " He needs Sanders influx of young Latinos and he ’s Sanders it , it ’s it . " Clinton has relied on strong support from black and Latino voters as a firewall against Sanders ’s Sanders campaign . But if that firewall shifts   —    as it did in Michigan and elsewhere   —    Sanders could Sanders California , even though Hillary ’s dominant lead among the party ’s " superdelegates " almost certainly guarantees her more Hillary from the Golden State . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 