" Dozens of companies have been thrust to the forefront of the political battle between President Trump ’s supporters and critics through a series of competing boycotts . " " Trump ’s critics have been urging customers to   including Ivanka Trump ’s line of women ’s clothing and accessories . " ’The    boycott movement , launched by Shannon Coulter , has been branded with the hashtag # GrabYourWallet on social media.’ " Alternatively , Trump ’s supporters have threatened to stop giving Trump’s supporters business to companies that bow to the pressure and drop Trump products . " " Here ’s a list of the companies that have cut ties with the Trump family . " ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " made the decision following calls for an international boycott against the    company after the   company was accused of trying to profit off of protests amongst taxi drivers against Trump ’s immigration order . " ’In a memo to employees , ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " said ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " called the president to let ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " know ’Uber CEO Travis Kalanick .’ " would be stepping down.’ ’"’ " Nordstrom said Thursday that Nordstrom decided to stop carrying Ivanka Trump ’s brand because of declining sales . " ’"Each year we cut about 10 % [ of brands carried ] and refresh we assortment with about the same amount , " a Nordstrom representative told Business Insider . " In this case , based on the brand’ ’s performance we’’ve decided not to buy it for this season . " ’ ’’ ’Macy’ ’s stopped selling President Trump’ ’s line of menswear   —    which includes suits , ties , and accessories   —    in 2015 after the    referred to Mexican immigrants as " rapists . " ’ " After Trump won the presidency , Macy ’s CEO Terry Lundgren said Macy would continue to stand behind its Macy . " ’"We made our decision about a year and a half ago , and stand by our our " Lundgren Terry Lundgren .’ " Macy Macy stopped selling Trump ’s brand in July 2015 after    Trump " ’’ ’’ ’ a Canadian online shoe store , .’ ’’ ’’ ’’ " Neiman Marcus appears to have cut ties with Ivanka Trump ’s fashion brand . " " Fifteen products from Ivanka Trump Ivanka Trump’s were available on the retailer ’s website as recently as Wednesday . " ’But as of Friday morning , all the products had "Fifteen products from Ivanka Trump’s jewelry line Marcus Neiman Marcus immediately respond to multiple requests for comment on why Trump ’s products were no Ivanka Trump’s . " ’Wayfair , which sells furniture and home decor , ’ " At the time , the company did Neiman Marcus an explanation for why it dropped the brand Neiman Marcus Wayfair did not respond to Business Insider ’s request for comment . " ’The home furnishings company Bellacor also dropped the Trump Home line in November . ’ ’The company was targeted by the # GrabYourWallet campaign last fall . In    . ’ " Trump products are no longer available on the company ’s website . " ’Bellacor did not respond to a request for comment on why the line was removed.’ ’ ’ ’Dozens of companies the Trump Home line thrust to . .. ’ 
 