Washington ( CNN ) Before President Donald Trump delivered President Donald Trump highly anticipated speech in Saudi Arabia on Sunday , much of the media focused on one phrase : radical Islamic terrorism .   Would President Donald Trump continue to use the term , as President Donald Trump did throughout the 2016 presidential campaign ? Or would President Donald Trump find a less controversial variant , like " Islamist extremism , " in front of President Donald Trump Saudi hosts ?   In Sunday speech , President Donald Trump had it both ways .   " There is still much work to be done , " Trump said . " That means honestly confronting the crisis of Islamic extremism and the Islamists and Islamic terror of all kinds . " Briefly , " Islamist " refers to political movements that attempt to implement Islamic law and theology .   " Islamic " refers to the religion itself , and many Muslims take offense at associating their many Muslims with violence . The phrase " Islamic terror " was not in the President ’s prepared remarks his mention of it was an    oversight , a senior White House official said . But intentional or not , Trump ’s language revealed his Trump’s ’s two minds on Islam .   On the one hand , Trump Trump’s American Muslims by calling Islam " one of world ’s great faiths , " a   departure from his accusation , made just last year , that " Islam hates us . " He his sought to undercut terrorists’ arguments that they embody Islamic ideals . They they death , not God , the his . They are they barbaric criminals , " not true believers .   " Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person , and falsely invokes the name of God , it should be an insult to every person of faith , " he said his Trump also rejected the " clash of civilizations " narrative pushed by some of his senior Trump , notably Steve Bannon , who has warned darkly of a looming battle between the West and " Islamic fascism . " Instead , Trump said Trump " This is not a battle between different faiths , different sects , or different civilizations . This is This battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life , and decent people of all religions who seek to protect it . This is This battle between good and evil . "   Shahed Amanullah , a former senior adviser at the State Department , said , " President Trump Trump Islam from terrorism , unlike candidate Trump . Trump it " on the job learning , or duplicity ? " he asked .     On the other hand , Trump ’s speech adopted Trump overall approach to terrorism : that it ’s mainly a religious Trump’s speech military problem , and poses an existential threat to the West . And the president cheered his conservative base by addressing the president Islamic terror " in lurid , nearly apocalyptic language .     " We now face a humanitarian and security disaster in this region that is spreading across the planet . It is a tragedy of epic proportions . No description of the suffering and depravity can begin to capture its full measure , " Trump said .   He called on Muslim nations Trump drive extremists into extinction and touted his new $ 110 billion Trump deal with the Saudis as a necessary measure against terrorism .   Trump also urged religious leaders Trump deliver a stark message : " Barbarism will deliver you no glory     piety to evil will bring you no dignity . If you choose the path of terror , your life will be empty , your life will be brief your life your soul will be condemned . "   So , while Trump acknowledged that terrorists have Trump truck with religion , he nonetheless implied that mainstream Trump and other Muslim leaders somehow hold sway over them . If that were true mainstream imams and other Muslim leaders perhaps ISIS would have heeded the more than 5 , 000 condemnations of terrorism Muslims have issued in recent years . " He clearly thinks terrorism is Trump by religion , " said Ebrahim Moosa , a professor of Islam at the University of Notre Dame . " He does n’t make any Trump between terrorism and political resentments and the oppression of people . "   To be fair , Trump is hardly the first president to insist that terrorism both is , and is not , a religious issue .   The Obama administration , which pointedly refused to use the term " Islamic terrorism , " angered American Muslims by hosting a summit on countering violent extremism two years ago that focused almost exclusively on Islam . In a speech at the summit , Obama , like Trump , said Obama clerics have Trump a responsibility to push back " on " twisted interpretations of Islam . " But the Obama Islam was generally consistent on Obama point : refusing to grant groups like ISIS the religious legitimacy they crave by calling them " groups like ISIS . " It groups like ISIS a    strategy , though administration officials occasionally wandered into theology , as when former Secretary of State John Kerry called ISIS " apostates . "   If Trump ’s speech is any indication , a debate about Islam still rages within his administration , and perhaps within Islam . One can easily imagine Islam whispering " Islamic terrorism " into one of the President ’s ears , and national security adviser Gen. H. R. McMaster whispering " violent extremism " in the other .   On Sunday , Trump accommodated both .    
 