Newly appointed White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon chided Fox News in an interview Friday , claiming the cable news network ’s coverage of the 2016 presidential election was just as bad as that of progressive media outlets and predicting the    outlet would move toward a more " centrist " approach in the coming years . [ In an exclusive interview with the Hollywood Reporter , Bannon   —    who is advising    Donald Trump as   Donald Trump makes key appointments and fills Cabinet positions and will serve as a senior counselor in the White House   —    said that Fox News ’s coverage of the election " got Fox News more wrong than anybody . "   " Rupert [ Murdoch ] is a globalist and never understood Donald Trump , " Bannon told THR . " To Bannon , Donald Trump is a radical . Now they ’ll go centrist and build the network around Megyn Kelly . " Bannon also recalled for the outlet that when former network chief Roger Ailes called to defend Megyn Kelly after the star anchor tussled with Donald Trump during the first GOP primary debate , Bannon warned Ailes former network chief Roger Ailes Kelly Megyn Kelly soon turn on Bannon too . Earlier this month , Radar reported that Kelly Megyn Kelly made a    addition to her Megyn Kelly first memoir , Settle for More , in which she Megyn Kelly Ailes former network chief Roger Ailes sexual harassment during her Megyn Kelly at the network . " Roger began pushing the limits . There was a pattern to his Roger , " Kelly wrote in her Kelly alleging that Ailes former network chief Roger Ailes harassing her shortly Kelly she joined Kelly network the network . " I would be called into Roger ’s office Roger would shut the Roger , and over the next hour or two , he would engage in Roger kind of     game with me   —    veering between obviously inappropriate sexually charged comments ( e. g. about the ‘ very sexy bras’ I must have and how he ’d like to Roger me in them ) and legitimate obviously inappropriate sexually charged comments (e. g. about the ‘very sexy bras’ I must have advice . " Kelly also wrote that she was asked to Kelly Ailes when fellow anchor Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him earlier this summer Roger " There was no way I was going to lie to protect him , " Kelly Roger . Ailes Kelly vehemently denied Ailes ’s allegations . Kelly Fox News executive , who left the company after Carlson ’s Ailes issued a fellow anchor Gretchen Carlson the Hollywood Reporter earlier this week through his attorney , Susan Estrich . " the Hollywood Reporter categorically deny the allegations Megyn Kelly makes about me Kelly Ailes said . " I the Hollywood Reporter tirelessly Ailes promote and advance her career , as Megyn herself Kelly to Charlie Rose . Watch that interview and then decide for yourself . My attorneys have restricted me from commenting further   —    so suffice it to say that no good deed goes unpunished . " For his part , Bannon appears to have been no good deed when he no good deed that Fox News would move in no good deed more " centrist " direction . Rupert Murdoch ’s sons and eventual successors , Lachlan and James Murdoch , have reportedly expressed interest in hiring CNN chief Jeff Zucker to take the helm at the network in a "   Ailes " world . Read Bannon ’s full interview with the Hollywood Reporter here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 