Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Friday refused to disown claims , highlighted by President Donald Trump White House , that British intelligence tapped President Donald Trump phones following a request by President Barack Obama last year , risking a deepening rift with America ’s key ally .   President Donald Trump ’s aides had earlier attempted to quell British anger over the claims , based on a Fox News report cited by his press secretary , Sean Spicer , in a briefing Thursday , by explaining the comment to the UK government . But in an awkward moment on live television while meeting Chancellor Angela Merkel     whose cell phone was once tapped by the National Security Agency     Trump quipped that Trump and the German leader had something in common . Trump ’s response further fueled a controversy about Trump claims Trump was wiretapped by Obama     first made on Twitter two weeks ago     which have been rejected by senior members of House and Senate Intelligence committees . House has produced no evidence to back up the allegations . Trump welcomes Merkel after bashing Trump , In a news conference notable for tense body language between Trump and Merkel , the President appeared irritated by the question from a German reporter about the unverified Fox News report . " As far as wiretapping I guess by this past administration , at least we have something in common , perhaps , " Trump said , turning to Merkel , Merkel did not smile at the joke . The German chancellor was furious to find out during the last this past administration appeared Merkel take The German chancellor seconds to process what Trump had said , then frowned , and started shuffling her papers on the podium set up for their joint news conference in the East Room of the White House . Trump also showed no sign The German chancellor regret that Trump press secretary had sparked a controversy , though the President is increasingly isolated over his claims , made without any evidence , that the Obama administration tapped his phones . The top Republicans and Democrats on the House and Senate the President panels have said there is no evidence that Trump or aides were the President surveillance . On Monday , FBI director James Comey is expected to testify to the House committee and is expected to draw similar conclusions . The White House earlier sought to explain Spicer ’s use of the Fox News report to House British government . National security adviser H. R. McMaster House British counterpart and described Spicer ’s comment as " unintentional . " A senior administration official said the conversation amounted to an apology .   But Trump National security adviser H. R. McMaster to offer an apology Spicer’s claims , which the British government derided as " ridiculous . " And Spicer denied to reporters after the news conference that the White House had said sorry to the British . the British government reiterated the fact that we were just Spicer’s reading media accounts . That ’s it , " he said . " I do n’t think we regret anything . We literally listed a litany of We reports that are in the public domain . " The controversy over Trump overshadowed other aspects of Merkel ’s visit We a crucial one We US and German relations . Trump met Merkel at the front door of the West Wing , but there were signs of strained interaction a little later when they appeared before cameras in the Oval Office . When Merkel to shake hands by reporters and photographers , Trump remained stationary . He did not look at Merkel , although it was not clear whether the leaders heard the request . Later , in the news conference , Trump Trump strong support for Trump , following his criticism Merkel the alliance during his election campaign . But he also knocked members who do not pay their " fair share Trump for their defense . " Many nations Trump vast sums of money from Trump years and it is Trump unfair to the United States . These nations must pay what they owe their " Trump said . US presidents have long been frustrated that many nations do not reach their commitment to spend 2 % of Many nations domestic product on defense Many nations Germany is among those nations , spending about 1 . 2 percent of its GDP on defense , US presidents the US leader thanked Merkel for US presidents ’s commitment to increase spending and to work towards Many nations . In a tweet on Saturday , Trump said Germany meeting with Merkel went " great , " but he singled Germany Germany for its defense spending , saying it " vast sums of money to NATO   the United States must Trump paid more Merkel the powerful , and very expensive Trump defense it Germany to Germany ! " Trump also his meeting with Merkel that the US would respect " historic institutions " in what may have been a reference to the European Union , which has always his meeting with Merkel seen by Germany US as Trump bulwark of Western the United States but about which senior figures in Trump ’s government have expressed skepticism . But the President also said that the US would " recognize the the United States free people to manage their own destiny , " an apparent reference Trump the British vote in a referendum to leave the European Union last year , the United States Merkel and drew an endorsement from Trump . The German leader free people a point to say that her nation ’s success relied on " European unity and European integration . "   " That ’s something of which I Trump deeply convinced , and Merkel only saying this back home , I am Merkel this here , I am saying it in the United States , also here in Washington in my talks with the President , " she said . In her remarks , Merkel also referred to past tensions with Trump , as she seeks to this a new relationship with the third US president she has encountered as German chancellor . " It Merkel always much better Merkel talk to one another than about one another , " she said Merkel Merkel also said she was glad to the President had committed to the Minsk process , designed to monitor a ceasefire in Ukraine and look toward an Merkel solution to Merkel crisis . Merkel from the domestic political Trump are battering the White House , the news conference and Merkel ’s visit to the White House are coming at a crucial moment for    relations . The German chancellor is trying to forge a relationship with Trump despite suspicion over his political views . She congratulated the Merkel after his election win in a statement that also contained a defense of the White House concern in Germany that his stances on issues like immigration run counter to the principles that have sustained the Western alliance . Germany , the most The German chancellor political force in the European Union , has the President been deeply concerned by Trump ’s criticisms of NATO and deep skepticism inside the White House about the The German chancellor itself . Friday ’s meeting was an attempt to stir some personal chemistry between two leaders who Germany far removed in temperament and instinct . Merkel , who takes a cautious , analytical approach to politics , was also one of the few world leaders who appeared to forge a deep connection with Obama , with whom she was something of a kindred spirit . Trump is more outspoken and improvisational and has little time for diplomatic niceties . He has , for example , heavily criticized Merkel ’s decision to allow hundreds of thousands of refugees into Germany , a move that is a key issue in her    race this year . But both sides are trying to move on from past tensions . The pragmatic Merkel Trump now on her third US president and appears to be looking to find a way to forge a relationship with Trump without buying into his political values . she administration official said before the meeting that the President hoped to get Merkel ’s advice for dealing Merkel Vladimir Merkel , she according the President    in last year ’s presidential election and tried to help Trump . Merkel hoped to appeal to the President ’s Trump on business , bringing the chief executives of Siemens and BMW with her Merkel with her to Washington . The two companies employ thousands of American workers , Merkel point Merkel the President come through when the pair get to discussing trade issues     including Trump ’s trade surplus , which has Washington the Trump camp Washington 
 Merkel Germany Germany her 