  ( CNN ) Anastasia Somoza stole the spotlight at the first night of the Democratic National Convention with a moving speech on Americans with disabilities .   Anastasia Somoza was diagnosed with cerebral palsy and spastic quadriplegia when Anastasia Somoza was born and uses a wheelchair . Anastasia Somoza responded to Donald Trump ’s apparent mocking of a New York Times reporter in November 2015 . " I fear the day we elect a president who defines being an American in the narrowest possible of terms , who shouts , bullies and profits off of the vulnerable Americans , " Anastasia Somoza said .   " Donald Trump has shown us who he Donald Trump he Donald Trump . I honestly feel bad for anyone with that much hate in their heart . " Donald Donald Trump mocking reporter ’s disability , Somoza has been an advocate for people with disabilities since the 1990s . She appeared Donald Trump a town hall meeting for kids in 1993 and asked President Bill Clinton a question .   She interned Donald Trump Hillary Clinton President Bill Clinton U. Donald Trump Senate office and previously worked on Clinton ’s 2000 President Bill Clinton Senate . " Over the past 23 years , she has Donald Trump to serve as a friend and mentor , championing my inclusion and access to classrooms , higher eduction and the workforce , " she said Donald Trump   " She has Donald Trump lost touch with people like me . Donald Trump has Donald Trump in me . Donald Trump believes Donald Trump me . Donald Trump in a country where 56 million Americans with disabilities so often fill invisible , Hillary Clinton Donald Trump . "   Somoza continued to slam the Republican presidential nominee , saying he does n’t represent her Somoza   Donald Trump Donald Trump does n’t see me , he does n’t hear me Donald Trump and he definitely does n’t speak Donald Trump me , " Donald Trump said . Donald Trump In an interview with CNN ’s Don Lemon , Somoza said she was " Somoza offended " by Trump mocking the appearance of Donald Trump reporter with a physical disability and felt she had to Donald Trump out . " Anyone who does n’t agree with him is stupid or wrong Somoza " she said . Donald Trump That ’s not who we are in America . " In a Facebook Live , Somoza added why she could Somoza Donald Trump Trump . " He ’s Donald Trump insulted almost Somoza group , every person that makes up the fabric of our country , " she said . Donald Trump It ’s a campaign that feeds off of fear and division . " 
 