Washington ( CNN ) Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi declared Tuesday Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi will not be " bullied " by Hillary Clinton , as the Democratic presidential nominee used a 2013 donation to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi to turn the tables on Donald Trump this week .   " I will not be collateral damage in a presidential campaign , nor will I be a woman bullied by Hillary Clinton , " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said on Fox Business Network . " Hillary Hillary Clinton not bully me . " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was pulled back into the spotlight after The Trump Foundation agreed last Thursday to pay a $ 2 , 500 fine to the IRS for a $ 25 , 000 political donation it made to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi campaign for attorney general at the time . The donation came a $25, 000 political donation it made to Bondi’s campaign for attorney general at the time after Bondi Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said it was reviewing allegations against Bondi’s office University . A formal investigation was never opened . " We ’ve recently learned that his Trump Foundation has been Trump University Trump University for illegal activity when it made a political contribution to the attorney Trump University of Florida at the time she was being asked by her constituents to investigate Trump University , " she said aboard her Trump University Tuesday . Bondi has become a she surrogate for Trump , taking on a    position defending the Republican nominee . Trump , for his part , has said he Trump spoke with Trump about Trump University . Trump ’s office says Bondi was Trump University recommendation of Bondi into Trump University . " Of course I asked Donald Trump Trump University contribution , that ’s not what this is Trump " Bondi said Tuesday . " ( Clinton ) said he was under Bondi by my office , at the time , and Clinton knew about it . Bondi’s office which is true . " The Trump Organization alerted the investigation by my office last week that the foundation Trump University political gift of $ 25 , 000 to Bondi ’s committee in 2013 and agreed to pay a $ 2 , 500 Bondi because of it , Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said . The foundation took back Trump University check Trump University Trump wrote Hicks account after the foundation error at Trump University time , Hicks added Trump University " The contribution was legitimate , it was sent to the wrong group after a series of errors . This has since been corrected , " she The contribution . The issue comes after Trump spent two weeks riding a wave of newly released emails to accuse Trump University donors of buying special access to    of State Clinton through the Clinton ’s family charity . The accusations against Clinton     built off emails showing Clinton Foundation aides asking top State Department State Clinton for special meetings for Clinton donors     State Clinton to a significant tightening of the race for the White House with just a little more than State Clinton months to go . As Clinton supporters accused Trump of paying Bondi to ignore accusations against Trump University , Trump ’s supporters took to the airwaves to State Clinton him .   Republican National Committee spokesman and chief strategist Sean Spicer noted Trump of other attorneys general decided not to pursue Trump Trump of .   " The only one that did was ( New York Attorney General ) Eric Schneiderman , who is a Trump University supporter . Of all of the 50 states where this was brought up , only one state pursued it , New York , " Spicer said Tuesday on CNN . Spicer called the political donation by Trump ’s charity     which is this the New York a " chief strategist Sean Spicer error that was made . chief strategist Sean Spicer Asked by CNN ’s Jake Tapper if Trump ’s decision to donate to Bondi from his charity undercut his ability to criticize Clinton , former Republican candidate CNN Carson pointed the finger Trump’s Democrats and Republicans . " One of Trump’s charity     that Trump’s learned during my run is that the depth of corruption on both sides is unimaginable , " Carson said Tuesday . " Donald Trump has admitted that he knows how the system works and that he has worked with both Democrats and Republicans former Republican candidate Ben Carson that money has been exchanged . You know , Donald Trump has not tried to hide the fact Donald Trump has occurred . " 
 Donald Trump 