   BuzzFeed employee Tim Treadstone , better known by stage name Baked Alaska , received attacks and threats on Twitter this weekend after posting a picture of his new Donald Trump tattoo . [ make america great again ! pic . twitter .    —    Baked Alaska ( @bakedalaska ) May 1 , 2016 ,    his new Donald Trump tattoo features an outline of Donald Trump ’s profile with the legend " Make America america Again " . Shortly after posting the picture , Treadstone was overwhelmed by angry Twitter users . kys ¿ https :   .    —    ali ( @alimayfury ) May 2 , 2016 ,   ( " kys " stands for " kill yourself " ) Pull up https :   .    —    ⛽ ️Ashton Kusher ⛽ ️ ( @hoeslovedoodiee ) May 2 , 2016 ,   ( " Pull up " is a slang term for meeting up to fight . ) Whoever did this deserves to have his arm cut off   https :   .    —    erika ( @erikafukes _ ) May 1 , 2016 ,   Treadstone , a social media strategist , recently came out in support of Trump , despite working at America ’s most liberal media company . He is not thought to be taking the implied threats seriously , but in an interview with Breitbart this weekend , Treadstone pointed to the    rhetoric the political Left often deploys , referring specifically to recent protests at the Republican frontrunners’ rallies , where police cars have been destroyed and Trump Trump beaten . i am friends with people of all political views , these ( emotional ) children ca n’t handle a different opinion these days . sad !   —    Baked Alaska ( @bakedalaska ) May 2 , 2016 ,   Loyal followers of Treadstone praised his ink tribute to The Donald as " sticking to principle , " calling him The Donald like " Madman "   —    a compliment online . Baked Alaska Alaska made my whole week ! The absolute madman ! ! https :   .    —    NathalieAlaska ( @EastCoastAlt ) May 2 , 2016 ,   My hero   https :   .    —    Zach ( @zachellis75 ) May 1 , 2016 ,   God mode engaged # MAGA https :   .    —    Zidan ( @zidaine26 ) May 1 , 2016 ,   This is what a true American looks like   https :   .    —    Jordan ( @Jeep_missouri ) May 1 , 2016 ,   Treadstone told Breitbart he Breitbart supporting Trump is the new punk rock . " Ninety per cent of the media make it cool to hate Trump Trump " he Breitbart . " Who are the underdogs ? Who ’s part of the counterculture ? It it the Trump Trump . We ’re fighting the establishment . " # MAGA with @bakedalaska pic . twitter .    —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) May 2 , 2016 ,   Treadstone says his Treadstone intentions were " silly , " but that the points he Treadstone made still stand : " Trump Trump need to challenge the status quo . " He Treadstone Breitbart that his Treadstone was " a win for free speech , " and encouraged others to " be bold and be heard . " When asked whether or not he Treadstone worried about the threats made against him Treadstone Treadstone Treadstone no , he Treadstone " more concerned for society after seeing people disown [ him Treadstone for his Treadstone . " Buzzfeed ’s press office did not return a request for comment . Remington Hernandez is a journalist and voiceover artists who tweets as @TheDailyRem . 
 