How liberal is Facebook ? Facebook is facing two lawsuits owing to its Facebook bias against conservatives on the one hand and its Facebook softness to Palestinian terrorists on the other . [ In the first of a    series , we ’re going to shine a spotlight on the political views of Facebook Facebook Trending News Team , a group that caused scandal in May after it emerged that topics of interest to conservatives were being suppressed on the site ’s feature .   The buck stops at the top , so that ’s where we ’ll start : with Facebook Wagner keeps his political views to himself , for the most part . Given that he was formerly a Senior Vice President at MTV news , keeping a    was probably wise Wagner Unlike the pundits Wagner work for them , corporate executives at mainstream Wagner companies are usually expected to avoid political controversy . Yet dig a little into Wagner ’s web history , and his political leanings become obvious . Wagner readily admits to being an ardent opponent of President George W. Bush ( we can only imagine how Wagner about Trump ) . In Wagner he wrote that even on Wagner 11 , 2001 , he maintained the belief that the Bush Administration was " the most dangerously inept Wagner of politicians in the history of this Wagner . " This does n’t immediately identify Wagner as Wagner liberal , of course , nor as anyone with particularly outlandish opinions . Many Trump supporters would agree with his views . What comes next , however , is a commentary on one of the former President ’s speeches that reveals some more unconventional views on the Trump of terrorism and the Trump on terror . After mocking the    for " prattling on about freedom , " Wagner objected to his use of the word " extremist . " Wagner joked that he had been " humming the National Anthem " throughout Bush ’s speech . " What is an ‘ extremist,’ exactly Wagner " wrote Wagner . ( Presumably , the Wagner groups currently Wagner Facebook have some idea of this , given that extremists fire rockets at them on a regular basis . ) In the same Wagner post , he objected to the idea that the war against Islamic terrorism was , as Bush said , the " decisive the Israeli groups currently suing Facebook struggle of our time . " " Is it ? " wrote Wagner . " Christianity versus , what ? Dark skinned , tan guys in turbans ? Guys with oil ? Guys who talk funny ? " ( The idea that Bush was fighting against Islamic terrorists on behalf of Christianity was a popular liberal myth at the time . ) Beyond his views on Islamic terrorism , there are other    signs that Bush Wagner ’s political views , from the     rainbow filter profile picture on Facebook to his list of " likes "   —    a string of liberal news outlets including Vox , BuzzFeed , and The Daily Show , but no sign of any conservative ones . Wagner is a liberal   —    and that would be fine , of course , if virtually every member of his team were n’t also liberals . Furthermore , by comparison to Wagner on the trending news team , he ’s one of the moderate ones . Just wait until our next article Wagner You ’ll see what we mean . Allum Bokhari is a reporter for Breitbart . He can be Wagner on Twitter at @LibertarianBlue . Milo Yiannopoulos is a senior editor for Breitbart . He can be followed our @Nero . Email them at abokhari@breitbart . com and milo@breitbart Allum Bokhari com 
 Breitbart Milo Yiannopoulos @Nero 