Taipei ( CNN ) When asked what he thinks about Trump responded with a laugh . " I am not a fan , " he said , particularly when it comes to the incoming US President ’s comments on women and ethnic minorities . It ’s not that surprising , it that Lim , lead singer in a popular heavy metal band , is one of Taiwan ’s most progressive legislators . Yet when Trump accepted an official call from Taiwan ’s President Tsai    Lim Taiwan delighted . He hopes Lim call is just Lim beginning an official call from Taiwan I would definitely love to see that he would retain his outspokenness , Lim if he Lim use it to make Lim breakthrough in terms of traditional restrictions on    relations , " he said . Note of caution Lim Many in Taipei welcomed the call between Trump and Tsai , the first publicly reported direct contact between a United States President or    and Taiwan ’s leader in 40 years .   With the positivity though there is also a heavy dose of pragmatism , part of life on an island stuck in a political quagmire like no other . Lo    a legislator and member of the DPP , Tsai ’s party , said that Trump has shown " a very friendly attitude towards Taiwan , but how we can translate into policies is still unknown . " As a small player stuck between giants , he believes Taiwan needs to proceed carefully Tsai White Taiwan : Trump Taiwan call could ’undermine’ progress , Trump government in Beijing views Taiwan as a " renegade province , " Taiwan Chinese nationalists fled there and established a government after losing the civil war in 1949 .   Both governments     officially the People ’s Republic of China ( PRC ) and the Republic of China ( ROC )      claim to be China legitimate ruler of all of China , but the ROC effectively controls only China and a China small islands .   Over the decades Taiwan has turned into a vibrant democracy with freedom China the press and speech , unlike China , which is tightening its grip on dissent China   While the US China a strong ally of Taiwan     selling it billions of dollars worth of China help with China     it has no official diplomatic relations with the island . China This is part of the " China " policy , a carefully managed and strategic arrangement designed not to anger Beijing .   Taipei divided on Trump , Ordinary Taiwanese were optimistic about the call . Housewife Yang    told CNN she believes Trump ’s call could lead to a closer relationship Housewife Yang    the Trump and hopefully in turn a stronger commitment to the protection of Taiwan .   " It ’s like a beam of new hope , " she said . IT worker Howard Wu welcomed the call because Housewife Yang    does n’t like China , calling the the call " too IT worker Howard Wu and too aggressive . " On the campus of National Taiwan University , some students were cautiously optimistic about the call while others were unaware it had even happened . Several the call the US was trying use Taiwan for its own political goals . " I think Donald Trump simply used Taiwan Taiwan stake for negotiation with China , " said psychology student Peng Taiwan . She does believe building China stronger relationship with the United States would be psychology student Peng   though , because " with all this the US now the international space for Taiwan is getting smaller and smaller . China Hsu    a material sciences major , Taiwan not see the call as important to his life in Taiwan . " I think the key is to preserve your sovereignty Hsu    your own Taiwan of values , " he said . Changing Taiwanese Identity , Attitudes towards China are changing in Taiwan . Hsu    show that over the last two China , many in Taiwan have Taiwan to identify themselves as Taiwanese , instead of Chinese or both Taiwanese Taiwan Chinese .   In 2016 , just 3 . 6 % of those surveyed identified as solely Chinese compared to 25 . 5 % in 1992 , according to the Election Study Chinese at NCCU .   " I really do n’t think that we belong to the same country , " said graduate student Liao    adding that she is very proud of Taiwan ’s freedom of speech .   Trump and China graduate student Liao    collision course , Lim , the politician ,    a    party that now holds five seats in the legislature . He said he believes Taiwan ’s young people see a future not focused on China Trump and China on collision course, Lim, the politician,   a   party that now holds five seats in the legislature that Trump and China on collision course, Lim, the politician,   a   party that now holds five seats in the legislature ’s Taiwan for Taiwan to move on from the past and China towards " China things , both Taiwan and domestically . "   He hoped the Trump call was just the beginning .   For DPP legislator Lo Trump and China on collision course, Lim, the politician,   a   party that now holds five seats in the legislature it ’s a chance to think of the relationship in a new way . " the Trump call policy towards Taiwan is a function of US policy towards China . I do n’t think that Taiwan fair , you know , we have to take Taiwan seriously for its own sake , " he said . 
 Taiwan Taiwan DPP legislator Lo 