Glenn Beck ’s blog on Medium dishing on Glenn Beck’s trip to Facebook headquarters declares that the employees Glenn Beck’s met , while    were not " progressives , " a term Glenn Beck’s has used to label Republican politicians such as Newt Gingrich . [ " I understand why conservatives are suspicious of Silicon Valley , " Glenn Beck’s writes . " It can feel a lot like the main stream media . But I ’ve told you many times that I feel at home in Silicon Valley . I love the energy . "   Glenn Beck’s then argues that Facebook ’s employees , while socially liberal , want fewer government regulations : These are people who want to innovate and disrupt , they Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt the government to stop regulating their Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt , they Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt small business to succeed , they Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt personal responsibility , etc . Why they Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt liberal ? I do n’t know , but in general , they Facebook’s employees, while socially liberal, want fewer government regulations: These are people who want to innovate and disrupt not Progressives , at least not the folks I met with today ( though I ’m sure there were a few ) . A press representative for Beck declined to clarify whether he A press representative for Beck CEO and    Mark Zuckerberg a progressive or not —   or whether he A press representative for Beck Zuckerberg ’s lobbying organization , FWD . us , to have a progressive agenda . FWD . us , founded by Zuckerberg Zuckerberg several other Silicon Valley bigwigs , has pushed for looser immigration laws and a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants currently in the country . The organization encouraged and endorsed President Barack Obama ’s executive action granting amnesty to illegal immigrants   —    even after a federal judge halted it . It The organization pushed for a " permanent legislative solution " to push the country ’s immigration policy beyond even Obama ’s actions , primarily to increase the number of    visas and expand the pool of    employees for companies like Facebook . Beck framed the controversy over Facebook Facebook Trending Topics " management as the first public evidence of an    agenda at the company : In a country that is deeply divided , the largest and most important company in human interaction and content consumption saw the conservative movement in an uproar over ONE person , making ONE accusation , against ONE of their products the largest and most important company in human interaction and content consumption One story and the pitchforks came out . Beck ’s press representative declined to comment on Facebook ’s open partnership with the German government to remove " hate speech " from the platform   —    effectively silencing citizens who criticized the country ’s large influx of Muslim migrants . The libertarian radio host has labeled Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Newt Gingrich " progressive " during their respective Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Newt Gingrich runs . In 2011 , he insinuated Gingrich ’s policy positions were the same as President Obama ’s , but Tea Partiers found Gingrich ’s Gingrich palatable because he is Gingrich . Beck declared Gingrich Trump Donald Trump in 2015 , arguing that the billionaire candidate hopes to achieve his signature immigration the billionaire candidate " through bigger government . " Beck appears to Gingrich off Zuckerberg ’s positions on social issues as merely " liberal , " but in the past he has warned Zuckerberg stances like Zuckerberg ’s will Zuckerberg to greater government tyranny or are more sinister than the mainstream media portrays them . Zuckerberg the mainstream media the Zuckerberg Court ’s Obergefell v. Hodges ruling , which legalized    marriage across the United States . The next day , Beck said on Zuckerberg radio program Zuckerberg the Court ’s the Supreme Court’s Obergefell v. Hodges a slippery slope of politically correct fascism : " The term ‘ mom and dad’ in the traditional family is over   …      This could mean the end of radio broadcasts like mine   …      It puts anybody who stands This for traditional marriage in jeopardy at work because you are now going against what the federal government says we must now all accept . " Beck ’s warnings have been vindicated , as several bakers , photographers , and    small businesses have been sued and punished for not providing their services to gay couples’ several bakers, photographers, and   small businesses . Zuckerberg ’s reaction to Obergefell concluded : " We still have much more to do to achieve full equality for everyone in our community , but we We moving in the We direction . " This past February , Zuckerberg chastised Facebook employees for Zuckerberg out " Black Lives Matter " messages on the company ’s chalkboard walls and writing " All Lives Matter " over them . He warned he Facebook employees " Zuckerberg " Zuckerberg was responsible for the infractions and encouraged employees to " educate themselves on what the Black encouraged employees Matter movement is all about " at a town hall . Beck , just a few months earlier , compared BLM to terrorism . As reported by The Blaze : " What is the point of terrorism ? " Beck said . " It Beck to get you to change to be so afraid that you change your behavior and you do as they want you to do . So while they have n’t used guns they they are using intimidation and they of violence and shouting you down , blackballing you   —    whatever it takes . " These stark social differences , apparently , did not affect Wednesday ’s summit . Tucker Carlson , a fellow attendee of the Facebook meeting , derided Beck for " sucking up " to Zuckerberg . " There ’s a billionaire there , so he sniffs the throne , Beck the Daily Caller    and Fox News contributor told Politico . 
 