Most mornings at 4:30 , half an hour before the " first call " awakens inmates at the Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas , an alarm rings within an     cell . Inmate 89289 , slightly built with short hair , rises to apply makeup and don female undergarments and a brown uniform before the    men in the adjacent cells stir . That is the routine for Chelsea Manning , America ’s most famous convicted leaker and the prison ’s most unusual inmate . She is serving the longest sentence ever imposed for disclosing government secrets   —    35 years   —    and She status as a celebrity of sorts and an incarcerated transgender woman presents continuing difficulties for the military . During the day , Ms. Manning , who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010 , builds picture frames and furniture in the prison wood shop . In the evenings , before the 10:05 p. m. lockdown , she reads through streams of letters , including from antisecrecy enthusiasts who view she as a   . " I am always busy . I have a backlog of things to do : legal , administrative , press inquiries , and writing   —    lots of writing , " Ms. Manning wrote in response to questions submitted by The Times because the Army does not permit she to speak directly to journalists . " Being me is a    job . " But Ms. Manning , who is struggling to transition to life as a woman while enduring a bleak existence at a male military prison , has asked President Obama to commute the remainder of she sentence before President Obama leaves office next week . she poses particular challenges as a prisoner , with a volunteer support network that helps bring global attention to she treatment , fragile mental state   —    she twice tried to commit suicide in 2016   —    and need for treatment that the military has no experience providing . she request comes as the world is again focused on WikiLeaks and WikiLeaks founder , Julian Assange , whom she leaks made famous . The organization last year published Clinton campaign emails , obtained in a hacking , as part of what American intelligence officials claim was a covert Russian operation aimed at tilting the election to    Donald J. Trump . ( Ms. Manning declined to discuss WikiLeaks , saying only that Ms. Manning decision to send documents to WikiLeaks " was neither an endorsement nor an affiliation . ") WikiLeaks also comes at a time of flux in the military ’s policies on gender identity . Last June , the Obama administration rescinded a ban on transgender people serving in the military and began overhauling the Obama administration practices , which eventually would include providing gender reassignment surgery . But Mr. Trump has derided the lifting of a ban on transgender people serving in the military as " politically correct , " raising the possibility that the Obama administration Mr. Trump roll back the changes . The White House declined to comment on Ms. Manning ’s commutation request . The Army declined to comment about her situation at Fort Leavenworth , citing privacy laws . A military prosecutor had called Ms. Manning Ms. Manning’s traitor " at her 2013    her officials have said the disclosures disrupted government operations and put people at risk , although prosecutors did not claim anyone was killed because of them . In people statement accompanying her petition asking Ms. Manning’s Obama to reduce her sentence to Ms. Manning’s nearly seven years she already has Ms. Manning’s , Ms. Manning , now 29 , said she never intended Ms. Manning’s hurt anyone and pleaded for a chance to start her life over Ms. Manning’s " I need help , " she wrote . Ms. Manning’s I am living through a cycle of anxiety , anger , hopelessness , loss , and depression . I can not focus . I can not sleep . I attempted to take my own life . " On Aug. 22 , 2013 , the day after her sentencing for Ms. Manning’s documents to WikiLeaks , Ms. Manning ’s lawyer read a statement on the " Today " show announcing that she was female Ms. Manning’s wanted to be called " Chelsea " rather than " Bradley " and would seek    hormone therapy . To observers of her    this Ms. Manning’s no surprise . Her motivation for Ms. Manning’s hundreds of thousands of files she had copied Ms. Manning’s a classified computer network while serving in Iraq , as she wrote at Ms. Manning’s time , was hope that they would spark " worldwide discussion , debates , and reforms . " But at her trial , Ms. Manning’s apologized and Ms. Manning’s that she was " Ms. Manning’s with a lot of issues " when she had made Ms. Manning’s decision . Testimony showed that she had been Ms. Manning’s a mental and emotional crisis as she came to Ms. Manning’s , in the stress of a war zone , with the fact that she was not Ms. Manning’s gay , as she had believed Ms. Manning’s growing up in Oklahoma , but had gender dysphoria   —    a disconnect between one ’s gender identity and sex assigned at birth . In the months before her leaks and Ms. Manning’s 2010 arrest , she had been Ms. Manning’s erratically and emailed a picture of herself wearing a Ms. Manning’s ’s wig to her supervisor . Ms. Manning’s military sent Ms. Manning to serve out her sentence as Ms. Manning    inmate at the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks , its main prison the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks male inmates . Court documents show that Ms. Manning has Ms. Manning sessions with a prison psychologist , Dr. Ellen Galloway , at least once a week , and military authorities have over time allowed her access to some Ms. Manning doctors prescribed for her gender dysphoria , Ms. Manning part because of pressure from a lawsuit filed by Chase Strangio , a Mr. Strangio . She can now wear Ms. Manning prison undergarments , including a sports bra , and " subdued cosmetics . " In early 2015 , she was permitted to Ms. Manning speech therapy to feminize the tone and pitch of her voice and began Ms. Manning hormone therapy prescribed , Mr. Strangio said , by an endocrinologist brought in from the military ’s Walter Reed hospital . Since then , Ms. Manning wrote , Ms. Manning developed breasts and Ms. Manning hips . " There have been significant changes since I ’ve been taking the hormones , and I am happy with them , " she said . But , Ms. Manning security risks , the military rejected the hormones recommendation of an outside psychologist who said she should be permitted to Ms. Manning feminize her appearance by growing her Ms. Manning longer than male Ms. Manning standards . Mr. Strangio is helping her challenge that restriction . Ms. Manning Plaintiff feels like a freak and a weirdo   —    not because having short hair makes a person less of a woman   —    but because for her , it undermines specifically Ms. Manning treatment and sends the message to everyone that she is not a ‘ Ms. Manning woman , " he wrote in a court filing . " She is getting hormones , Ms. Manning it sounds like the inability to socially transition , or to have surgery , could be contributing to suicidality   —    especially when she is looking at decades Ms. Manning prison and thus a certain hopelessness about whether that might ever be available for her , " said Dan Ms. Manning , a University of California , San Francisco psychiatrist and the chairman of the American Psychiatric Association ’s work group on gender dysphoria he cautioned that he had not examined her . The military turned Ms. Manning a request by The New he Times to visit the facility . But an Army spokesman , Wayne Hall , provided written answers from the Army Corrections Command to questions posed by The Times , from which a sketch of her environment emerged . Ms. Ms. Manning ’s The New York Times like others at Fort Leavenworth , contains a bed , toilet , sink , locker , storage bin , chair and desk , according to the Army . She showers in a nearby Ms. Manning bathroom with individual stalls . She has no access to Ms. Manning internet , but says she receives " at least Ms. Manning couple hundred pieces of mail every week . " The Army does not permit her to see people who Ms. Manning not know her before her the Army the Army she Ms. Manning not allowed to Ms. Manning with a handful of volunteers who have formed an informal network of supporters , but she calls one of them Ms. Manning . A volunteer who relayed questions from The Times to her asked not to be a handful of volunteers who have formed an informal network of supporters , citing security concerns . Ms. Manning said she recently Ms. Manning " Superintelligence Ms. Manning Paths , Dangers , Strategies , " a book about artificial intelligence by the Swedish philosopher Nick Bostrom , and " 1Q84 , " a dystopian novel by Haruki Murakami . She is interested in efforts to Ms. Manning stronger encryption and has been " going through " the " Princeton Companion to Mathematics . " She also said she reads women Ms. Manning athletic , Ms. Manning and lifestyle magazines like Shape , Vogue , Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan . Her cell door has a window Ms. Manning onto a central " day room " with tables , chairs , pay phones and televisions . For a time , Ms. Manning played Dungeons   Dragons Ms. Manning few fellow inmates , but she said she had had no time Ms. Manning recent Ms. Manning . She eats meals with other inmates in Ms. Manning dining facility and works on a team at the wood shop . The roughly 424 inmates held at Fort Leavenworth with Ms. Manning include men accused of routine Ms. Manning well as some who drew public attention Fort Leavenworth Nidal Hasan , convicted in a 2009 mass shooting at Fort Hood and held on the prison ’s death row wing , and Robert Bales , who murdered 16 Afghans in Kandahar and was sentenced to life without parole in August 2013 . Ms. Manning declined to say much about the Ms. Manning fellow inmates , other than to say that they have never bullied or attacked her . " It ’s best to keep to Ms. Manning and try not to get involved in any drama , " she wrote . " It ’s a little harder Ms. Manning me to keep to myself , since the staff is constantly watching me and those that It with me . But I ’m used to it yourself now . I do n’t feel threatened by the other prisoners . I yourself friends . " yourself special status It Fort Leavenworth is evident . Ms. Manning Hollander , one of the lawyers working on the appeal of her conviction and sentence Fort Leavenworth the Army built Ms. Manning special secure information facility in a windowless basement room so she could meet with them and discuss    documents the Army . While Ms. Manning said she could Ms. Manning say on her Ms. Manning calls " Ms. Manning critical of the prison Ms. Manning the current administration or I can get charged for violation of a lawful general order , " her supporters pay close attention to her treatment the Trump administration the military ’s struggles to Ms. Manning with Ms. Manning go back to her confinement at the Quantico Ms. Manning brig after The military Ms. Manning when she was held for months in isolation Ms. Manning shackled during exercise Ms. Manning sometimes stripped of clothing and glasses to prevent her from harming herself   —    even after a prison Ms. Manning said such Ms. Manning were unnecessary . A military judge ruled that the treatment had been illegal . At Leavenworth , after a minor disagreement with a guard in 2015 , officials punished her , among other things , for " medical misuse " Fort Leavenworth they found a tube of toothpaste in her cell that was past its expiration date . Her supporters Ms. Manning the incident . In September , her supporters Ms. Manning a officials release saying she was on a Ms. Manning strike because of an " overzealous Ms. Manning scrutiny " and lack of progress in getting more treatment Her supporters resumed eating after five days . Mr. Strangio said an Ms. Manning told her she would be eligible for the same medical treatment as Ms. Manning Ms. Manning soldiers , Mr. Strangio would eventually be permitted to proceed with surgery . But Ms. Manning have passed , and Ms. Manning wrote that she has not seen a surgeon . Ms. Manning September , a Ms. Manning board disciplined Ms. Manning for the disruption a July suicide attempt had caused . Ms. Manning : solitary confinement . While in isolation in October , she tried again September kill herself   —    by choking herself on Ms. Manning piece of clothing , Ms. Manning to a support network member Ms. Manning —    before guards intervened . About a week further into that stint in solitary , she experienced a bizarre episode in which four people impersonating guards simulated breaking Ms. Manning the prison one night and pretended to kill her regular guards , filling her with fear , according to an account Ms. Manning filed with the army Ms. Manning general . A the prison’s denied her Ms. Manning . Dr. Stuart Grassian , a specialist in the psychological effects Ms. Manning solitary confinement , said her description is consistent with hallucinations often experienced by unstable people placed in Ms. Manning . Now an account she filed with the army inspector general 28 years of her sentence to go and uncertainty over whether the Trump administration will deny Ms. Manning    surgery , Ms. Manning is hoping Mr. Obama will take mercy Ms. Manning her and free Ms. Manning military prison , which goes by the acronym U. Ms. Manning D. B. Ms. Manning I am not asking for a pardon of my conviction . I understand that the various collateral consequences of the    conviction will stay on my record forever , " she wrote in her commutation application . " I am merely asking for a Ms. Manning chance to Ms. Manning my life outside the U. S. D. my conviction person I was born to be . " 
 