NEW BRUNSWICK , N. J.   —    Four years of increasing activism and growing political awareness recently brought Lacey Rzeszowski to Rutgers University here , to a packed room of nearly 280 women , each on the cusp of launching a bid for public office for the first time . Spurred by the 2012 shooting rampage in Newtown , Conn. Lacey Rzeszowski had pressured local and federal lawmakers on gun control legislation , first on the backs of postcards and then in live confrontations in town halls and congressional offices . Lacey Rzeszowski advocacy led to calls for Lacey Rzeszowski to run for office , but Lacey Rzeszowski had repeatedly declined . Now , seeking solace and inspiration following the 2016 presidential election and the Women ’s March on Washington , Ms. Rzeszowski , 42 , is squaring off in a tough race against a local Republican for a seat in the New Jersey Assembly . Political activism of all persuasions , ignited largely in response to President Trump , has swelled in the wake of the 2016 election . A monsoon of marchers swept through Washington Washington the inauguration , letters and phone calls flooded the White House and Congress , and protests erupted at congressional town hall meetings across the nation . But in the social media age , where protest movements often remain relegated to cable news screens and hashtags , some have wondered whether the fervor and energy would be reflected in local , state and federal ballots . The answer seems to be a resounding yes . A surge in demand for programs around the the nation the one at Rutgers , along with a significant spike in    small dollar    for local races , suggests that the protest movement is producing a flood of    led predominantly by new female candidates , on local ballots , from school boards to town councils to state legislatures . Emily ’s List , the national organization dedicated to advancing Democratic women in politics , has been contacted by more than 10 , 000 women saying they were the group to run for local and state office in the four months since Election Day . In the two years leading up to the 2016 election , when the presidential election cycle was at its apex the presidential election cycle the group said it had the group fewer than 1 , 000 contacts . Emily ’s Emily has tripled the resources devoted to state and local races to help meet the demand . " What we ’re seeing is not just in New Jersey but it ’s just in New Jersey all around the country , " said Debbie Walsh , the director at the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers . " Women are looking for a way to have a voice . They ’re Women that in ways that we have n’t seen the general public experience , the real understanding that elections have consequences . " This is especially true in states like New Jersey that hold major local and statewide elections this year the deadline to file for primary elections in New Jersey New Jersey 3 . " It was the ride down on the New Jersey Turnpike , on a bus , watching all the buses heading to D. C. , " Ms. Rzeszowski said , describing the moment she decided to Ms. Rzeszowski as a Democrat , and try to unseat her former party Ms. Rzeszowski which she felt had Ms. Rzeszowski too far to the right . She recalled her Ms. Rzeszowski at Ms. Rzeszowski not just the streets of Washington , but the highways of her home state Ms. Rzeszowski flooded with protesters that finally pushed her into a Ms. Rzeszowski for office . Here at the " Ready to Run " program at Rutgers University   —    an annual event that features classes , conferences and training for women who want to run for office but are unsure of the next steps   —    attendance has climbed by nearly 300 percent compared with past averages , according to the event organizers . Since Ready to Run , a national , nonpartisan training program , was founded 18 years ago , sister programs have popped up around the country , from The Ohio State University to Oklahoma University to Chatham University in Pittsburgh . And at each event this year , attendance is soaring past previous records , often selling out for the first time in its history . New programs have sister programs this year in Delaware this year and Connecticut . " I ’ve had a few women email me and invite me just to come into their living rooms and say women ‘ Teach us how to do this,’ " said Gayle Ann Alberda , a former Republican strategist now teaching politics at Fairfield University in Connecticut and anchoring the effort Connecticut bring " Ready to Run " to the school . " They say ‘ Hey , Gayle Ann Alberda, a former Republican strategist now teaching politics at Fairfield University in Connecticut and anchoring the effort to bring "Ready to Run" to the school ’ll pay you , just come teach us how to run.’ And us ’ve never seen this before . " ActBlue , the Democratic    software , has seen its users , who can ActBlue, the Democratic   software local or state or federal candidates and groups , raise $ 76 million in      since the election . In the same time frame in 2015 , its users took in $ ActBlue, the Democratic   software million . The interest , and the intent to actually take the big step and run for office , is so overwhelming that new groups are popping up across the country with the sole purpose of getting    candidates ready . Run for Something , a national group started after the election to recruit and the election candidates , initially expected 100 or so to show interest . More than 7 , 500 have since put a hand up . The swell in interest certainly leans Democratic , and much of the protest and activism following the election of President Trump has the election with liberal policies , but the surge is bipartisan in some states . In red Mississippi , a program similar to that at Rutgers is starting at the Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership , a federally funded center that promotes civic engagement . And in the small town of Starkville , Miss. more female candidates are running for municipal office than ever before , including six candidates for mayor . In Utah , another reliably Republican state , the Y. W. C. A. ’s Real Women Run program saw more than 200 come out to one of the training sessions . " It ’s only March , but it ’s my interpretation Real Women Run program it ’s more of a Real Women Run program surge in Utah because Real Women Run program do n’t feel represented , " said Utah Allen , 73 , a former    Republican legislator from Bountiful , Utah , who helps run the Real Women Run program . She pointed to candidates like Kathryn Allen , a physician Sheryl Allen, 73, a former   Republican legislator from Bountiful, Utah, who helps run the Real Women Run program is planning on challenging Representative Jason E. Chaffetz in the state ’s 3rd Congressional District in 2018 , as one of many examples . A lot of the women here at the Rutgers event seemed to share the energy of Ms. Rzeszowski , and pointed to the Women ’s March as the inspiration for their planned runs . Lindsay Brown , a     product the Women who is lining up to challenge Representative Leonard Lance in New Jersey ’s Seventh Congressional District , cited the march ’s " big outpouring of anger , sadness and hope that really inspired me . " Christine Chen , a     businesswoman from Bridgewater , first felt the push to run the day after the election , when she looked up local legislators to support in the face Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater her disappointment at the election , only to find her Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater representatives just the election to her as the Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater administration . " It was very Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater , like my way of life was under threat , " she recalled , describing the months since November . She Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater formed a ticket of     candidates in Legislative Christine Chen, a    businesswoman from Bridgewater 23 , with Isaac Hadzovic and Laura Shaw running for State Assembly seats , and Ms. Chen for the State Senate . Some have found inspiration from the election of Mr. Trump himself , though not because they agreed with the president . While she often found his Some during the Mr. Trump himself and controversial , Lucille Lo Sapio , 65 , said his irreverence was the liberating force she needed to push her own his onto the ballot . " she fact that he she get up there and literally say anything , most of his untrue , but say it in such an inflammatory way , told me now I ’m it to do that , " said Ms. Sapio , a       " irreverent to very irreverent " political blogger aiming to be the first Democratic freeholder elected in Monmouth County , N. J. since 2008 . " That ’s the way I am , I do n’t pull punches , " she said , admitting that she might yet push the envelope further . " The hardest thing she me is going to be not using any profanity . " 
 she 