’   ’ ’      Donald Trump   that the US needs to " greatly strengthen and expand    the US nuclear capability " until " the world comes to the US senses "    regarding nuclear weapons . ’ ’    The statement was in sync with comments Trump made during the    campaign . The    previously suggested that if The    won    the presidency , The    might allow Japan and South Korea to develop    Japan and South Korea own nuclear weapons arsenal in exchange for an ease in US    defense commitments . ’ "    Experts from nonpartisan organizations opposed to the spread of    nuclear weapons told Business Insider in March that Trump ’s    position on nukes would be dangerous . " ’    Jeffrey Lewis , the director of the East Asia Nonproliferation    Program at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies ,    explained why nuclear proliferation would be a " total    catastrophe " for the US and its allies abroad . ’ ’    " Early on , we thought nuclear weapons are great when we allies    have our allies    and bad when we enemies have our allies    , " Lewis said . ’ ’    That thinking has evolved , Lewis said : ’ ’    Increasing nuclear arsenals could have a domino effect as other    countries , including some US allies in the Middle East , demand    their own arsenals . ’ ’    " A large number of our other allies would want the same treatment    immediately , " Lewis said . " Probably lots of Middle Eastern    states . I think you would get a lot of countries wanting nuclear    weapons . " ’ ’    Kingston Reif , the director for disarmament and      policy at the Arms Control Association , made a similar point . ’ ’    " If South Korea and Japan were to acquire South Korea and Japan own nuclear    deterrents , that would send an incredibly dangerous signal to our    allies in the Middle East , "    told Business Insider in March .    " It would be incredibly destabilizing development . " ’ "    Trump ’s position on nuclear weapons has been inconsistent . " ’       said during the campaign that    wanted to be " unpredictable "    in    decisions regarding nuclear weapons , but has also said    that    would like " everybody to end it , just get rid of " nuclear    weapons .    said in September that " once the nuclear alternative    happens , it’ ’s over , " but that    still didn’’t want to " take    anything off the table . " ’ ’    And last month ,   that    " never said " that more countries should    acquire nuclear weapons . ’ ’    Trump   this year that Trump  this year thinks the " biggest problem "    in the world is nuclear proliferation   —    a curious statement    considering Trump  this year is now suggesting just that . ’ ’    Bruce Blair , a nuclear security expert at the Program on Science    and Global Security at Princeton University ,   last month that if current trends    continue , " nuclear proliferation will reach the point of no    return and nuclear weapons will inevitably be used . " ’ ’    " Trump’ ’s rhetoric only encourages the world to adopt a      attitude toward nuclear acquisition and use , " Blair    wrote . " We can only hope that the new president learns quickly    that nuclear weapons are not to be trifled with . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Reif called Trump’ ’s    stance " irresponsible . " ’ ’    " The US needs to be playing an even more active role than The US is    currently playing in reducing nuclear buildup , and Trump’ ’s    comments [ earlier this year ] will not make that job any easier , " Reif called Trump’ said . ’ "    And Trump ’s potential plan to allow other countries to develop    their other countries capabilities likely would n’t accomplish much . Reif Reif called Trump’ out that India ’s and Pakistan ’s possession of nukes    had n’t stopped the aggression between them . India’s and Pakistan’s possession of nukes    Israel ’s arsenal    has n’t stopped it from arsenal    threatened . " "    So even as North Korea poses a nuclear threat , it ’s North Korea that    additional nukes in surrounding countries would ease tensions . " ’    Lewis said Trump’ ’s plan " would sound    if he was Lewis sitting on a bar stool . " ’ ’    " We tried to let the Japanese defend themselves at the Japanese point , "    Lewis Lewis Lewis It did not go well . " ’ ’    China might also look to get more nuclear weapons if there were a    buildup in South Korea and Japan . ’ ’    China’ ’s " doctrine regarding Reif as one of minimum deterrence , " Reif said .    " China right now China believed to have no more than 300 total    nuclear weapons , which is a small arsenal relative to what the US    and Russia possess . ’ ’    " But in the event that South Korea and Japan acquire independent    nuclear weapons , it’ ’s highly likely that China would revisit China    minimum China posture and likely accelerate its ongoing    China modernization efforts and consider increasing the overall    size of its nuclear arsenal China " ’ ’    Lewis further cautioned that having several      states in Northeast Asia could be dangerous . ’ ’    " It would be a   " he said . " It would be a giant    science experiment Lewis I would not It to see . " ’ 
 