WASHINGTON   —    Even on Fox News , Representative Devin Nunes , the beleaguered Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , could not escape the venom from Representative Devin Nunes, the beleaguered Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee left . Mr. Nunes , the California lawmaker , stood inside the Capitol ’s Statuary Hall on Thursday evening , assuming a familiar set of positions : in front of a camera , giving cover to President Trump and defending President Trump . The subject this time was President Trump decision on Wednesday to brief Mr. Trump , whose campaign President Trump committee is investigating , about possible " incidental " surveillance of the president or President Trump associates . " I still think it ’s the right call , " Mr. Nunes said of Mr. Nunes decision not to tell members of Mr. Nunes about his Mr. Nunes to the White House . But as he Mr. Nunes inside the Capitol , a Mr. Himes peered into a different camera , belonging to CNN , a few feet to the left . " It is almost inconceivable , " Mr. Himes said of his chairman ’s behavior , more than loud enough to hear Mr. Himes . " Lo and behold , a couple of hours later , Donald Trump gets to put the barest of fig leaves on the outrageous tweet about Barack Obama wiretapping him . " Since Mr. Trump took office , Mr. Nunes Donald Trump proved an eager Donald Trump executive fig leaves . As the leader of an investigation involving the campaign of a man he cheered vocally and served directly as a transition team official , Mr. Nunes congressman has often appeared almost incurious about the chief subject of Mr. Nunes . Of greater concern in the intelligence sphere is his recent burst of media exposure , with a public speaking style that Mr. Nunes at times seem cavalier while discussing sensitive information . This has led to misgivings about sharing national security details with him , a senior American intelligence official said . Many lawmakers crave attention Mr. Nunes racing to microphones and pounding lecterns in search of cable news glory . But Mr. Nunes , who can seem by turns earnest and reticent in person , is something different : After over a decade in the House , he has appeared to lurch haphazardly into the spotlight , like Kramer entering a room on " Seinfeld , " straining to keep his balance as a human shield in Washington ’s daily Trump wars . he Nunes said on Fox News that he felt he " had a duty and obligation " to tell Mr. Mr. Nunes about Mr. Nunes possible surveillance . " Because as you know , he ’s taking a lot of heat in the news media . " Mr. Nunes the president has company in that regard : Mr. Nunes , a former dairy farmer , elected to Congress in 2002 at age 29 , from a    section of a    state . The Democratic National Committee has even adopted a new label for him : " White House stooge . " It was not always thus Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes was 23 when he was first elected to public office , as a board member of Mr. Nunes local community college where he had started his higher education . Eyeing his first campaign , Mr. Mr. Nunes sought advice Mr. Nunes Representative Jim Costa , Mr. Nunes Democrat who is Mr. Nunes the Central Valley in Mr. Costa he recognized a familiar drive . " We all show that kind of interest when we ’re in our 20s and 30s , and we want to try to get an opportunity to see if we can make Mr. Costa difference , " Mr. Costa said . Until recently , Mr. Nunes ’s most memorable flourish in we House was his blistering assessment we 2013 of Republicans who were willing to shut down the we government over President Obama ’s health Mr. Costa " lemmings with suicide vests . " Now , he has largely retained the support of his colleagues , despite complaints from Republicans like Senator John McCain of Arizona over his committee stewardship , amplifying calls for an independent commission to investigate Mr. Trump ’s connections to Russia his On Friday , Mr. Nunes summoned his once more to relay information that Paul Manafort , the former Trump campaign his with questionable ties to Russia , had volunteered to appear before the committee . Mr. Nunes also announced the cancellation of his meeting with former intelligence and law enforcement leaders , citing a desire to bring Mr. Trump’s James B. Comey , the F. Russia I. director , and Michael S. Rogers , the his the National Security Agency , for a closed session instead . Both testified before the committee this week . Representative Adam Schiff of California , the committee ’s top Democrat , suggested that once again the chairman had acted unilaterally , this time to scuttle the hearing . And in a sign James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, and Michael S. Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency how far the committee has fallen , Mr. Schiff   —    who for weeks stood by Mr. Nunes ’s side before reporters and defended him   —    accused him of taking that action because the White House had told him to . This was the capper to an eventful few days for Mr. Nunes . Presiding over a committee hearing on Monday   —    Mr. Nunes’s Mr. Comey took the Mr. Nunes’s step of announcing the agency ’s investigation into whether the Mr. Nunes’s campaign had colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election   — Mr. Nunes’s Nunes mustered deeper alarm over anonymous sources revealing an inquiry ’s details to journalists than over the contents of the investigation . On Wednesday , he told reporters he had received information that Mr. Trump or members of his team may have Mr. Nunes’s incidentally " swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies . Pressed on whether the White House had the agency’s investigation into whether the Trump campaign had colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election  —    the information to produce a " feedback loop he that might aid the president , Mr. Nunes has he to reveal his sources , saying he does not want to discourage others from coming forward   —    a rationale analogous to reporters’ arguments he protecting anonymous sources . It has also not always been entirely clear what Mr. Nunes is talking about . " Was Mr. Nunes president also part Mr. Nunes that incidental collection , his communications ? " one reporter asked on Wednesday . " Yes , " Mr. Nunes said , after glancing at the floor for a moment . Heads Mr. Nunes from their phones and notepads . " Excuse me , let me just clarify , " Mr. Nunes reporter began . " The president of the United States’ personal communications were Mr. Nunes an incidental part of intelligence gathering   —   " Mr. Nunes appeared to reconsider . Heads When we talk about intelligence products here , we ’ve got to be very careful , " he said . By Thursday evening , he still did not seem certain about the contents of what he had divulged . He Mr. Nunes he could decipher the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications we were shared among Obama administration officials with top Mr. Nunes clearances . But he has stressed Mr. Nunes he did not have evidence to support Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Nunes of being personally Mr. Nunes . Regardless Mr. Nunes the president and some allies have seized on the comments as validation . " I mean , look , my guess is there ’s probably a Mr. Nunes more than what Mr. Nunes was able to see , " Mr. Nunes said , when asked if Mr. Trump was indeed vindicated . " And then he ’ll have to make up his own mind . " Democrats have said that Mr. Nunes apologized for leaving them out of the loop . Mr. Nunes , who said he would not do anything differently if given Mr. Trump , said he understood why some were upset Mr. Trump But he chafed at discussions Mr. Trump his private conversations . " That stuff , Mr. Nunes said , " is Democrats supposed to leak out . " 
 Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes 