’   ’ ’    Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the 2008 Republican presidential    nominee , withdrew ’  ’ ’   Sen. John McCain of Arizona, the 2008 Republican presidential   nominee support for Donald Trump Saturday in    response to the shocking leaked 2005 recording of the 2016    GOP nominee   " by the     " because " when you’’re a star they    let you do it . " ’ ’    The recording of Donald Trump , which was picked up by a hot mic and     on Friday , came from an    interaction between Trump and television personality Billy Bush .    In addition to his comments about grabbing women " by the    "    Trump made a litany of other sexually suggestive remarks . ’ ’    McCain said it was " impossible " to offer support to a candidate    who " boasts about sexual assaults , " going further in McCain language    than the . ’ ’    " In addition to my well known differences with Donald Trump on    public policy issues , I have raised questions about Donald Trump character    after his character    comments on Prisoners of War , the Khan Gold Star    family , Judge [ Gonzalo ] Curiel and earlier inappropriate comments    about women , " his character    said . ’ ’    his character    was citing times Trump   status , feuded with the parents of    a slain Muslim US soldier , and ripped a federal judge for not    being able to treat a federal judge fairly because of a federal judge heritage . ’ ’    his character    is currently locked in a tight reelection    battle . ’ ’    " Just this week , he made his character    statements about the innocent    men in the Central Park Five case , " McCain said , noting Trump’ ’s     was guilty of a late 1980s rape for    which DNA exonerated them . the innocent   men in the Central Park Five case ’    At the time , Trump took out a    ad in a the New York    Times calling for the    of the death penalty for the    five men . ’ ’    " As I said yesterday , there are no excuses for Donald Trump Trump offensive and demeaning comments in the just released video ; no    woman should ever be victimized by this kind of inappropriate    behavior , " McCain said . " He alone bears McCain burden of his conduct    McCain alone should suffer the consequences . " ’ ’    " I have wanted to support the candidate our party nominated , " he    continued the candidate our party nominated " He was not the candidate our party nominated choice , but as a past nominee , I    thought it    I respect the fact that Donald Trump won a    majority of the delegates by the rules our party set our party thought I    owed his supporters    deference    " ’ ’   ’ ’    But the leaked recording was the final straw for McCain . ’ ’    " Donald Trump ’s behavior Donald Trump , concluding with the    disclosure of his demeaning comments about    and his boasts    about    assaults , make it impossible to continue to offer    even conditional support for    candidacy , "    said . ’       He added that his    , Cindy    " with her strong background in    Cindy rights and respect for women , " agrees with the decision . ’ ’    " Cindy and I will not Cindy for Donald Trump , " he said . " I Donald Trump    never voted for a Democratic presidential candidate and we will    not vote for Hillary    . We will write in the we of some    good conservative Republican who is qualified to be President . " ’ ’    Trump addressed the matter in Donald Trump Friday statement , in which he    called the comments Donald Trump locker room banter " and added that former    President Bill Clinton has said " far worse to me on the golf    former   President Bill Clinton . " ’ ’    That was later followed by a    video address , offering a    brief apology and saying he looked forward to the Donald Trump    night presidential debate . He posted a tweet Saturday Donald Trump to    call the past day " certainly . .. interesting . " ’ ’    Almost immediately , Trump came under fire from those on both    sides of the aisle   —    as many top Republicans either strongly    condemned the comments or    the Manhattan billionaire    altogether . ’ 
 