’   ’ ’      Donald Trump told " 60 Minutes " in an    interview set to air Sunday night that Donald Trump plans to come through    on one of Donald Trump earliest campaign promises and deport or jail 2 to    3 million immigrants living in the country illegally upon taking    office . ’ ’    " What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and    have criminal records , gang members , drug dealers , where a lot of    these people , probably two million , it could be even three    million , we are getting the people that are criminal and   have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of   these people, probably two million, it could be even three   million out of the country or we we going    to incarcerate , " Trump said in the interview , . ’ ’    " But we we getting them the people that are criminal and   have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of   these people, probably two million, it could be even three   million of our we They’’re here    illegally , " he said They’’re here   illegally ’ ’    However , Trump seemed Trump soften his rhetoric Trump the treatment of    the other millions of immigrants living in the US illegally ,    saying he would    what to do with them after the other millions of immigrants living in the US illegally the      border .   ’ ’    " After the border the     border and after everything gets normalized ,    we ’re going to make a determination on the people that they ’re    the people about who are terrific people , they ’re terrific the people ,    but we    going we make a determination at that , " he said .    " But    we make that we . .. it ’s very that determination ,    we are    we secure our border . we ’ ’’ ’    Trump also seemed to tone down his plan to Trump the US’ ’s    southern border with a wall by telling " 60 Minutes " that the wall    would include " some fencing . " ’ ’    President Barack Obama ,   immigrants living in the country illegally ,    according to government data , substantially more than George W.    Bush did in his eight years George W.   Bush office .   ’ 
 