’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has a new defense for the report that Donald Trump could have    avoided paying federal income taxes for 18 years . ’ ’    At a campaign rally in Arizona on Tuesday , the Republican    presidential candidate blamed the Republican   presidential candidate opponent Hillary Clinton for    not enacting stricter tax laws when Hillary Clinton was a senator from New    York . ’ ’    " After years of failure , Hillary Clinton complains about how I’’ve used tax    laws of this country to my benefit , " . " Then I    ask a simple question : Why didn’’t Hillary Clinton ever try to change those    laws so I couldn’’t use those   laws ? You know why ? Hillary Clinton could have changed    the laws when Hillary Clinton was in the United States Senate , but Hillary Clinton    didn’’t . " ’ ’    The   on Saturday , which showed a $ 916 million loss that    experts said he could have used to avoid paying income taxes for    almost two decades . The businessman has refused to release The businessman tax returns   —    as every major party candidate has done for decades     —    citing an IRS audit that needs to wrap up before he The businessman so . ’ ’    Clinton   more than a week ago , wondering aloud if Trump    hasn’’t released his Trump    returns because " maybe he Trump    want    the American people , all of you watching tonight , to know that    he’ ’s paid nothing in federal taxes . " ’ ’    Trump Trump    by saying , " That makes me smart , " in the moment ,    but his Trump    as an offhand remark . His Trump    supporters ,   insisted    Trump’ ’s tax acumen made him a " genius . " ’ ’    " Yesterday his him was bragging it his campaign him him ’’ genius , ’’ "    . " Here’ ’s my    question : What kind of a genius loses $ 1 billion in a single    year ? " ’ "    And now Trump ’s new line of defense is shooting the ball back    into Clinton ’s court . " ’    " The reason that she Clinton not do that is her Clinton and    contributors have used those same tax laws as I did   —    the same    way , " Trump Trump’s in Arizona on Tuesday , insinuating that       Clinton Clinton Warren Buffett and George Soros    have also taken advantage of tax loopholes and written off huge    losses the same way he Trump’s . ’ ’    " Just take a look at her Trump’s . I know how the tax code works    better than anyone , and I’’m going to fix it the tax code it’ ’s fair and       , and works for you , " he it’ as the crowd erupted in       . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tTrump in Arizona with a. .. new twist to his it’ return defense ; Why did n’t Clinton do more as senator to stop people like me it’   " 
 