Megyn Kelly is not taking criticism of Megyn Kelly Fox primetime special very well . [ Megyn Kelly took to Twitter Thursday to punch down at Daily Show host Trevor Noah for mocking Megyn Kelly interview with Donald Trump on Donald Trump show Wednesday night .   So grateful I have men like @Trevornoah 2 advise on how to deal      I ’m sure Donald Trump life experience far better than mine on this !   —    Megyn Kelly ( @megynkelly ) May 19 , 2016 ,   In Donald Trump segment on the Comedy Central program Wednesday , Noah excoriated Megyn Kelly and Fox for    the Trump interview , especially when compared with the actual result . " What the hell was it ? " an incredulous Noah asked . " This was sold as a bloodbath , but in the end This just turned out to be one of those couples baths that only exist in like Cialis commercials . What are those questions ? " The Daily Show with Trevor NoahGet More : The Daily Show Full Episodes , The Daily Show on Facebook , The Daily Show Video Archive , At one point , Noah compared Kelly ’s    of important questions during the interview to the producers of HBO ’s The Jinx finding out that Robert Durst admitted to murder and then asking him about Robert Durst admitted to murder up in Scarsdale , New York . " Last night ’s interview did n’t seem to be about journalism , or the Republican Party or even the election , " Noah continued . " It seemed like it was It two brands : Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly . And whether they could about two brands: Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly a mutually beneficial partnership   …      or maybe it was just couple ’s therapy . " " I ca n’t believe this , but Megyn Kelly Megyn Kelly negged by Donald Trump Donald Trump the comedian pressed . " He repeatedly insulted her Megyn Kelly and then Megyn Kelly of a sudden switched it up with a little charm and then just like that , she ’s all smiles Megyn Kelly " But Kelly apparently saw the Megyn Kelly and responded directly to Noah on Twitter . " So grateful I have men like @Trevornoah 2 advise on how to deal      I ’m sure his life experience far better than mine on this ! " she tweeted early Thursday Megyn Kelly . Kelly ’s Tuesday night Megyn Kelly special on Fox drew 4 . 8 million viewers , more than double the number of viewers her Fox News show Megyn Kelly on a regular basis , but still lost to both CBS and NBC , which aired episodes of NCIS and The Voice , respectively . Meanwhile , Noah ’s Daily Show has struggled in the ratings the show has reportedly Noah’s Daily Show percent of its viewership since Noah ’s Noah’s Daily Show , Noah’s , was at the helm . According to Forbes , the    Daily Show averages around 820 , 000 viewers per night . Kelly also addressed critics of the Trump interview on her Kelly File program Wednesday night Kelly telling viewers it earned harsh reviews " because it was not a takedown of it . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 