( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . North Korea conducted North Korea fifth and most powerful underground nuclear test , demonstrating that the U. S. policy of " strategic patience " had failed to deter the North Korean leader , Kim   . President Obama said , " The United States does not , and never will , accept North Korea as a nuclear state . " But some experts say the U. S. has little choice . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both responded to the nuclear test . Mrs. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both said it was time to expand sanctions and broaden a    program in neighboring countries . Mr. Trump sought to connect the test to Mrs. Hillary Clinton saying : " It the nuclear test one more massive failure from a failed secretary of state . Failed at everything . " Mr. Trump also spoke to the Values Voters Summit in Washington Mr. Trump of the largest audiences of social conservatives he ’s addressed . He steered clear of divisive topics like abortion Mr. Trump Israel . Bill Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton vigorously defending himself and the Hillary Clinton Foundation , rankled by the increasing scrutiny of his marquee focus Hillary Clinton leaving the presidency . " If creating jobs and saving lives is bad , " he said this Hillary Clinton , " I guess you can zing me with it . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Our analysis of this week national data shows that murder rates rose last year in 25 of the country ’s 100 largest cities . But half of the increase came from just seven cities : Chicago , Baltimore , Cleveland , Houston , Milwaukee , Nashville and Washington . Each appears to have unique circumstances contributing to the uptick . But even in those cities , murder rates remain much lower than they were in the just seven cities: Chicago, Baltimore, Cleveland, Houston, Milwaukee, Nashville and Washington as they are across the country . _ murder rates _ _ _ 4 . Ambitious murder rates New evidence shows that , these days , if you ’re aiming to get a job as a top executive , it pays to get experience in as many of a business ’s functional areas as possible . " Work used to be much more hierarchical , and in many instances rote , " one expert said . Now , he said , it ’s " become incredibly   . " _ _ _ one expert _ 5 . A federal ruling cleared the way for the Dakota Access oil pipeline to be laid near a Native American reservation in North Dakota , disappointing hundreds of tribal members and environmental activists protesting the project . But the Justice and Interior Departments and the Army released a statement almost immediately , saying the pipeline would not for the moment be allowed to be built under a the Dakota Access oil pipeline of the Missouri River , the focal point of the protest . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Two days before the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , the House gave final congressional approval to a measure that would allow families of those killed to sue Saudi Arabia . President Obama is expected to veto the bill , to avert moves by other countries to allow individuals to file suit a measure that would allow families of those killed to sue Saudi Arabia U. S. Above , Congress memorialized the attacks . About half a dozen     novels aimed at young readers have come the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks year , trying to fill in the gaps for readers with no memory of the events . " Writers are feeling safer about writing about the subject , and also realizing , wait a minute , kids do n’t know , " one publisher said . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Overwhelmed police radios . Officers stepping over dead , wounded and dying people , desperate to find the attackers . A report containing the first official account of the aftermath of the Dec. 2 terrorist attack in San Bernardino , Calif. details chaos , some missteps and moments of heroism . All the wounded were evacuated to hospitals within 57 minutes of the first 911 call   —    and all survived . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . In theaters : " Sully , " which recreates Capt . Chesley Sullenberger ’s miraculous landing of a plane in the Hudson River in 2009 . Our reviewer finds the film unlike other Clint Eastwood films : " There ’s no tragedy in ‘ Sully,’ just sighs of relief , probing questions and an outwardly uncomplicated hero whose extraordinariness is so deeply imbued that it is finally the most ordinary thing about him . " The reviews from investigators for the National Transportation Safety Board , who are portrayed whose extraordinariness testy and     —    a technique to increase the film ’s drama   —    have been less enthusiastic . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . In tennis , Novak Djokovic , above , defeated Gael Monfils , and Stan Wawrinka beat Kei Nishikori , earning a place in his first U. S. Open final . Djokovic and Wawrinka play Sunday afternoon . The women ’s Stan Wawrinka title will be decided Saturday , Novak Djokovic Angelique Stan Wawrinka faces Karolina Pliskova . Here ’s our full coverage of the tournament . The N. F. L. ’s first    weekend is packed . There are 13 games on Sunday . Here ’s our look at the top games   —    and who we think will win . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , a new space our is underway . NASA ’s    spacecraft was put into orbit around Earth by a rocket on Thursday , and our fired its engines to push it onto a path around the sun . In seven years , if spacecraft goes well , spacecraft will return with samples from a    asteroid that could hold clues to the solar system spacecraft roots . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , Your Evening Briefing a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 