’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer sparred with reporters in    a contentious Thursday press briefing over President Donald    Trump ’s explosive wiretapping claims , on which bipartisan Senate    leaders . " ’    Spicer had confrontational     White House press secretary Sean Spicer with    several reporters , including ABC’ ’s Jonathan Karl and CNN’ ’s Jim    Acosta , the latter of whom the president has previously referred    to as " fake news . " ’ ’    Karl began by asking Jonathan Karl about the Senate White House press secretary Sean Spicer    Committee leaders ’’ Thursday   saying there were " no    indications " Trump was wiretapped , which the president accused    the president Obama of illegally doing . ’ ’    Earlier in the week , Spicer said he was White House press secretary Sean Spicer extremely White House press secretary Sean Spicer " the    Department of Justice would find evidence to back up Trump’ ’s    claim . ’ ’    Spicer launched into a White House press secretary Sean Spicer ,    rant after Karl    presented him with this information White House press secretary Sean Spicer saying the media does not    cover similar statements from    agencies when they are in favor    the media Trump’ ’s position on an Trump’ , such as possible    ties to Russia . When something has the opposite slant ,    Spicer said , it is covered " ad something . " ’ ’    He also insisted the president   Spicer who said as much in    a Wednesday interview with Fox News host Tucker Carlson ,    meant surveillance generally when    tweeted about wiretapping .   Spicer At one point ,    engaged in a shouting   Spicer with Karl and    asked the ABC White    correspondent to " calm down . " ’ "    Spicer then cited a   Spicer   Spicer he believed backed up    the   Spicer House ’s side of the argument . He listed reports    from the   Spicer York Times , Heat Street , and Circa News , as    well as a diatribe from unabashed    Fox News    host Sean Hannity . " ’    Karl followed up after the lengthy rehashing of news    reports , asking if unabashed   Fox News    still stands by his allegation    even after both the the president and    intelligence committees    suggested it was untrue . Spicer said that the " House and the    Senate has not been provided all the information , " prompting a    rebuke from a spokesperson to Senate Intellignece Committee Vice    Chair Sen. Mark Warner .   ’ ’    " The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee would not    have Senate Intellignece Committee they made without having been fully    briefed by The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee appropriate authorities , " the    said . ’ ’    a spokesperson Trump still stands by his assertion ,    circling back to asking Karl why Trump wasn’’t "    to the    defense " of the intelligence committees when they were disputing    connections to Russia . ’ " the intelligence committees That ’s    Acosta followed up . " ’    " You were just quoting Sean Hannity there , " he said , later adding    Spicer was also citing Acosta News contributor Andrew Napolitano . Spicer ’    Spicer said Acosta was " cherry picking " the sources Spicer was Acosta citing , reiterating that he listed The Spicer York Times . ’ "    Spicer Acosta went back to mentioning what was stated by the Acosta intelligence committees , refuting Trump ’s assertion . " ’    Spicer continued doubling down on his previous points . ’ Spicer    " That sounds Spicer , Sean , what you and the president are saying is    ’’ well , we don’’t mean wiretapping anymore because that’ ’s not true    anymore , ’’ " Acosta said . ’ ’    " No , no , that’ ’s not true ! " Spicer exclaimed . ’ that’    " What’ ’s it Spicer to be next ? " Acosta asked . ’ ’    Spicer called that question Acosta cute , " but said Spicer point about what    Trump meant by his tweets have been discussed in the briefing    room Trump days .   ’ ’    The press secretary later added that Acosta was coming to    " serious conclusions " about Acosta ’s assertions " for a guy that    has zero intelligence . " ’ ’    Some in the room broke out in laughter . ’ ’    the briefing   room me some credit Sean , a little intelligence maybe , " Acosta    said . ’ ’    Spicer added with Acosta that he meant to include " clearance " in    his statement . Spicer ’    " You seem to know all Spicer answers , " Spicer said . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tSean Spicer spars with CNN Spicer Jim   over President Trump ’s wiretapping claim    " ’      ’ ’White House press secretary Sean Spicer sparred . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 