Washington ( CNN ) If Donald Trump ’s campaign aides like Paul Manafort were contacting Russian officials during the campaign , then the President had nothing to do with it , claims former Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . " If anybody crossed a line and gave information to a foreign agent or foreign government or foreign intelligence official , whether that ’s Paul Manafort or it ’s Rick Gates or anybody else , I hope they anybody crossed a line and gave information to a foreign agent or foreign government or foreign intelligence official held accountable , " Lewandowski former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski David Axelrod on " The Axe Files , " a podcast from the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . He David Axelrod added : " Any staffer who contacted or potentially contacted a Russian agent or a Russian Russian has done so on their Any staffer who contacted or potentially contacted a Russian agent or a Russian official accord and not at the direction of the campaign , the President or anybody else in the administration . "   Lewandowski was responding to CNN CNN that    advisers close to       Donald Trump     including Manafort     were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , according to multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials . Lewandowski Lewandowski Manafort were considered part of two rival power centers in the campaign during the time they Lewandowski and Manafort . Manafort Manafort     operational control of Trump ’s campaign after Lewandowski Lewandowski     only to resign two months later , in part due to Manafort ’s Manafort     a political adviser in Ukraine .   Manafort has denied Manafort     alleged contact as " 100 % not true . " At times during the interview , Lewandowski speculated Lewandowski previous reports of Russian connections with Manafort , though Manafort     added Lewandowski has Lewandowski no idea " whether any of it is true . " Look , I had no idea if , you know , the stories that have been very public about dossiers and Paul ’s name appearing and , you know , other foreign countries , about receiving money , I do n’t know if they ’re true or if they ’re not they . I have no idea . no idea no reason to believe them , whatsoever , " Lewandowski said . Lewandowski , a former CNN political commentator , said Trump never wanted Russian interference in the election , which US intelligence agencies say occurred to boost the GOP nominee . But he would not rule Trump the notion that Manafort had wanted such aid . " If Paul Manafort did something Manafort was trying to encourage Manafort Russians to be involved in this election cycle , then he did so on his Manafort accord , without Manafort direction from    Trump , the campaign or President Trump . I am certain of that , " Lewandowski said . 
 