  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama , at long , long last , responded forcefully to Russia ’s unprecedented interference in America ’s democratic process . We can all wonder what might have happened if President Barack Obama had acted sooner , but that question no longer matters .   The question now is what    Donald Trump will do when Donald Trump takes office in less than a month .   After all , Donald Trump ’s acquiescent attitude towards anything having to do with Russia and Russia president , Vladimir Putin , is so baffling , so dismissive of American institutions and arguably of Russia interests , that it has Russia the most corrosive point of contention between Trump and Donald Trump of his own Donald Trump . On Thursday , Obama issued an executive order that , among other things , expels 35 Russian intelligence operatives and shuts down two Russian compounds Russian the US . The text of the executive order describes the strong sanctions as " steps to deal with the national emergency with respect to significant malicious    activities . .. to undermine democratic processes and institutions . " US security agencies have been in agreement that    hackers deliberately stole emails from the Democratic National Committee and from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chief John Podesta , then moved to have the private emails made public in an effort to help Trump , Putin ’s favored candidate , win the election .   Already in October , Washington formally blamed Russia for the attacks . Russia denied Russia , but US intelligence services said they were US intelligence services confident " of Russia ’s Russia , confirming what private firms had already concluded .   Obama , however , did not act , fearing he would Obama seen as trying to help his candidate Obama Hillary Clinton , win the election the election reticence may Obama changed the course of history . But that ’s spilled milk . The point is what happens now . Russia ’s actions Russia about espionage . If Russia had collected the Russia to gain intelligence it would be a different matter . What Russia did was weaponize Russia information and detonate it with calculated timing it alter the election .   Democrats , Republicans and advocates of democracy around the world should view this as a supreme threat to their democratic system of Democrats, Republicans and advocates of democracy around the world . The former acting CIA director Mike Morell was not exaggerating when he called Russia ’s The former acting CIA director Mike Morell an " existential threat to our way of life , " and " the political equivalent of " even as the Trump team termed the charges " laughable . "   And so , Obama ’s new executive order not only lashes out at Russia , it does Russia more Obama : It places the onus Obama Trump . He will Trump to Obama if he actively moves to Obama Obama ’s executive order Obama conclusions reached by US security services . That would infuriate many members of his own party .   Obama Senator Lindsay Graham said on Wednesday that " Russia is trying to break the back of democracies all around the world . " John McCain , a fellow Republican , called Russian behavior unacceptable . They were speaking from Latvia John McCain, a fellow Republican a country that lived under Moscow ’s domination until the fall of the Soviet Union and now fears a newly emboldened Russia , as do other Russia countries that were once part of the USSR . But Trump ’s position when it comes to Russia has been steadfast . Russia gives Putin the benefit Trump the doubt , even at the expense of America ’s own intelligence services . He has dismissed the conclusions Trump US government experts , memorably suggesting that perhaps it was a    man on a couch who was responsible for the hacking . When asked this week about the Russian hacking controversy by reporters at his     home in Florida Trump Trump said , " I think we ought to get on with our lives . "   we issue of a foreign power interfering with American democracy is hardly one to be cavalierly dismissed by the next president     although it is in keeping with Trump ’s other    comments Trump These are his insights on the national Trump issue and Russia ’s involvement : " I think that computers have complicated our lives very greatly . The whole age of computer has made it where nobody known exactly The whole age of computer ’s going on . "   As it happens , we have a pretty good idea what ’s going on with Russia and its interference in Russia democratic Russia . Even Germany is now looking at the prospect of Russian meddling . It is Trump ’s attitude towards Putin where we still have a lot of questions .   The issue of US relations with Russia , particularly in the Russia of the election hacking , has the potential to bring Putin into direct confrontation with Putin in Congress , some of whom were already calling for sanctions even before Obama acted . Obama has put Trump on Obama spot . Will he actively defend Putin , Obama the sanctions Putin despite US sanctions and the views of many in the Republican Party , or will he act as the president of Obama United States , a man responsible for preserving democracy and defending his own country against aggression from Obama ?   After all , we all remember Trump ’s immortal words , " No puppet , no puppet ! " in denying the charge that he is beholden to Putin . Obama 