’   ’ ’    A reading revolution is brewing in American classrooms , and one    company is quietly leading the charge . ’ ’ a     startup    that promotes literacy in    education , gives teachers curated    news articles to share with teachers curated   news articles to share with their students students . ’ "    With the help of intelligent software that adjusts article text    to match a student ’s reading level , teachers can use    comprehension quizzes to get immediate feedback when kids are    stumped . " "    Given the sheer scale of illiteracy in the US , among both     and   it ’s not hyperbole to suggest Newsela could transform    how future generations master the English language . " ’    And since Newsela is currently in 75 % of American    schools ,       kind of already is . ’ " have poured billions of dollars into schools    that strive to engage students    . They say    ’s the    future of American education . " ’    " I think there’ ’s an opportunity to figure out for each particular    student each particular   student cognitive and    skills , and then give    each particular   student a chance to be really good at that , " Brook Byers , senior    partner at the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield    & Byers and a Newsela board member , tells Business Insider . ’ "    Newsela is used in all sorts of ways . Implementation ranges from    one teacher sharing articles about Colin Kaepernick kneeling    during the National Anthem to an entire school district adopting    the program , in which kids receive tablets that run all the    software and articles in Newsela ’s library . " ’   ’ "    Matthew Gross , Newsela ’s founder and CEO , says Newsela started the    company for two reasons . The first is personal : When Gross’ son    was in 2nd grade , Gross’ son    struggled with reading . After meeting with    Gross’ son    son ’s teacher , Gross learned the class was reading Dr. Seuss     —    a few notches in difficulty below what Gross’ son    felt was appropriate    for    . " ’    It occurred to Gross’ son    soon after that classrooms needed more    flexibility . ’ ’    " How do you hold a meaningful class , " Gross’ son    asks , " when you assign a    text where it’ ’s either so advanced that a whole bunch of the    readers can’’t understand it , or it’ ’s so simplified that you’’re    never going to get kids where they need to go ? " ’ ’   ’ "    That ’s why Newsela has hired journalists to take the days’ news    and change the language to the appropriate reading levels ,    whether Newsela ’s a Washington Post article on Donald Trump or a    speech given by Martin Luther King , Jr. As kids pick up new    literacy skills , the language becomes more sophisticated . " "    Gross ’s other reason for starting Newsela is that teachers    often lack adequate insight into whether teachers    kids are becoming    better readers . Gross recalls visiting a school in Queens , New    York where he saw a student stare at he reading for what seemed    like hours . he did n’t seem to be absorbing the material . " ’    Gross developed Newsela to help teachers target exactly those    kinds of kids . Students and teachers can annotate a given reading    to fix specific pain points , like vocabulary and grammar .    Teachers can also drop questions in the margin to check    comprehension in    quizzes . ’ "    Here ’s a student responding to a prompt in   : " ’ ’ ’    Even in its limited run , Newsela has reportedly led to big jumps    in achievement . When Newsela looked at kids scoring below the 50th    percentile in reading who regularly read Newsela articles and took quizzes , the startup saw an average increase of    12 percentile points in a    period . ’ ’    " That’ ’s like passing hundreds of thousands of kids , " Gross says .    " It’ ’s like they’’re speeding by them in the left lane of the    highway . " ’ ’    Newsela plans to partner with other research firms in the coming    years to expand the existing data set even further . Every new       of evidence helps the Newsela with its program Newsela       serve American students . ’ ’    If classroom technology keeps up its current classroom technology of growth ,    particularly   Gross believes the coveted 1:1 ratio   —    one    device for each child   —    will finally come to fruition in the    coming years . ’ ’    " At that point , where     is the dominant paradigm within    schools , everything changes , " he says     " So we’’re building for    that day . " ’ 
 