’   ’ ’    A memo from the US deputy attorney general explained that FBI    Director James Comey was fired because the FBI’ ’s reputation and    credibility had " suffered substantial damage " after Comey    " usurp[ed ] the Attorney General’ ’s authority " and announced that    an investigation into Hillary Clinton’ ’s emails should be closed    without prosecution . ’ ’    The White House     that President Donald Trump had fired James Comey on the basis of    recommendations of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and    Attorney General Jeff Sessions . ’ ’    In a memo to Sessions , Rosenstein laid out the reasoning for    firing James Comey . ’ ’    Rosenstein said that over the past year , " the FBI’ ’s    reputation and credibility have suffered substantial damage " that    has " affected the entire Department of Justice . " ’ ’    " I can not defend the Director’ ’s handling of the conclusion of the    investigation of Secretary Clinton’ ’s emails , and I do not    understand Secretary Clinton’’s refusal to accept the nearly universal judgment    that Secretary Clinton’’s was mistaken , " Secretary Clinton’’s said . " Almost everyone agrees    that the Director made serious mistakes ; it is one of the few    issues that unites people of diverse perspectives . " ’ ’    Secretary Clinton’’s pointed to Comey’ ’s   of the FBI’ ’s view that " no charges are    appropriate " in the Justice Department’ ’s investigation into      Democratic presidential nominee Hillary    Clinton’ ’s use of a private email server while Clinton’ served as    secretary of state . ’ ’    The deputy attorney general said Comey was " wrong to usurp the    attorney general’ ’s authority " by going public with the    FBI’ ’s recommendation . ’ ’    " It is not the function of the director to make such an    announcement , " Rosenstein wrote . " At most , the director have said    FBI had completed its investigation and the FBI    its findings    the FBI prosecutors . The director now the director    decision by the director    he believed Attorney General the director    Lynch had a conflict . But the FBI director is the director the FBI supplant federal prosecutors and assume command of the Justice    Department . " ’ ’    Comey   that Lynch’ ’s tarmac meeting with President    Bill Clinton in late June caused him to worry that    Department President    Justice leadership " could the Justice   Department the    investigation and decline prosecution without grievous damage to    the American people’ ’s confidence in the justice system . " ’ ’ ’ ’ Allan Smith contributed to this report . ’ ’A memo from the US deputy attorney general . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 