Here are highlights from Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ’s third day at Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Senate confirmation hearings : ■ Senator Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat , asked Judge Neil M. Gorsuch why , when he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch a Bush administration Justice Department official in 2005 , he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch scribbled " yes " on a document beside a question about whether C. I. A. torture of terrorism suspects had yielded valuable intelligence . He Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was merely acting as a lawyer . ■ Senator Mr. Leahy pushed Judge Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Gorsuch whether a president has constitutional powers to lawfully override torture and wiretap statutes . Judge Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch approach Judge Neil M. Gorsuch a case using analysis set out when President Harry S. Truman tried to seize steel mills . ■ Mr. Leahy also pressed Judge Gorsuch to Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Gorsuch would recuse himself from Supreme Court cases involving the Mr. Leahy billionaire Philip Mr. Leahy , who was a former client and helped get him appointed to the Judge Neil M. Gorsuch court . Judge Gorsuch did not Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Supreme Court would not discuss whether President Trump ’s business dealings with foreign governments might run afoul of the Emoluments Clause , an obscure constitutional provision that the judge said " has Judge Neil M. Gorsuch a rather dusty corner " until recently . ■ Judge Gorsuch defended his originalist judicial Judge Neil M. Gorsuch assuring skeptics Judge Neil M. Gorsuch " no one is looking to return us to the     days . " ■ When asked about his views on cameras recording Supreme Court proceedings , Judge Gorsuch would say only that he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch an open mind . ■ Judge Neil M. Gorsuch energy level in the hearing room in the Hart Senate Office Building was noticeably diminished from the previous two days . There was a clear sense that the proceedings were winding down . ■ Byron White ’s Supreme Court hearing took only 90 minutes . Judge Gorsuch ’s is in its third day Supreme Court some highlights so Judge Neil M. Gorsuch : Senator Feinstein of California , the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee , pressed Judge Gorsuch about a    document from his time Judge Neil M. Gorsuch senior Justice Department official in   Judge Neil M. Gorsuch It was a set of questions about the C. I. A. program , including : " Have the aggressive interrogation techniques employed by the administration yielded any valuable intelligence ? Have they ever stopped a terrorist incident ? Examples ? " In the margin next to this , Judge Gorsuch the administration scribbled , " Yes . " Ms. Feinstein , who was the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee when it conducted an investigation into the    torture program that concluded otherwise   —    asked Judge Gorsuch what the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee he had received that led him to write " yes . " He replied : Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch of 12 Judge Gorsuch ago is that that Judge Gorsuch the position that the clients were Judge Gorsuch us . I was a lawyer . My job was as an advocate , and we were dealing with detainee litigation . That was my job . " Senator Leahy , of Vermont , also us to the question of whether Judge Gorsuch believed My job Bush administration ’s theory that the president , as     could override torture and surveillance laws . Asked about that on Tuesday , Judge Gorsuch had repeatedly said the president was not " above the law . " Mr. Leahy pointed out that Mr. Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch team did not the president he was " above the law , Leahy rather that " the law " meant the Constitution gave presidents inherent authority to lawfully Mr. Bush’s such statutes . the law pressed Judge Gorsuch to be more specific the law replied that " presidents make all sorts of arguments about inherent Leahy —    they Judge Gorsuch —    and that Leahy why we have courts , to decide . " Mr. Leahy followed up , asking whether Judge Gorsuch could think of a case in which a Mr. Leahy decided that a president could override a statute . Judge Gorsuch said he could Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch one , and Mr. Leahy agreed . This was almost certainly the first confirmation hearing to feature questions Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch ’s Judge Gorsuch Clause , which may bar President Trump ’s businesses from Mr. Leahy with companies controlled by foreign governments . The clause says that " no person holding any office of profit or trust " shall " accept of any present , emolument , office or title , of any kind the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which may bar President Trump from any king , prince or foreign state " unless Congress consents . The word emolument means compensation for labor or services . Asked about the clause by Senator Leahy , Judge Gorsuch said " the Emoluments Clause has sat in a rather dusty corner " and " is not a clause that has attracted a lot the Emoluments Clause " But Judge Gorsuch would say no more given what he said was at least potential litigation on the subject . Lawsuits have been filed against President Trump , claiming he has violated the clause . " I Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch very careful about expressing any views Judge Gorsuch " Judge Gorsuch said . Senator Leahy also asked Judge Gorsuch to say whether he would continue on the President Trump Court the Emoluments Clause himself from cases involving the Colorado billionaire Philip Anschutz , with whom he has various ties Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch ties : Mr. Anschutz was Judge Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch client and in Senator Leahy , he successfully lobbied the Bush White House Senator Leahy appoint Mr. Gorsuch to the appeals court . Mr. Leahy noted Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch had left the various ties to Philip Anschutz appeals court Judge Gorsuch and participating in cases involving Mr. Anschutz Judge Gorsuch interests on the Supreme Court . Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch answer directly , saying the Supreme Court law and the Judge Gorsuch his colleagues and the facts before making a Judge Gorsuch . But Mr. Leahy pointed out that the law was the same for both appeals court judges Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch justices , except that justices’ decisions Judge Gorsuch to recuse themselves can not be appealed to Judge Gorsuch . There is scant precedent about how justices have interpreted Judge Gorsuch involving former clients raise an actual or apparent conflict of interest because few modern justices had extensive backgrounds in the Supreme Court . But Justice Clarence Thomas , who worked as    both appeals court judges and Supreme Court justices for Monsanto from 1977 to 1979 , has participated in cases involving that company . Judge Gorsuch echoed earlier Republican Supreme Court nominees when he said American courts should not look to foreign and international law in interpreting the Constitution . " As a general matter I ’d say it ’s improper to look abroad when interpreting our Constitution , " Judge Monsanto . In his 2005 confirmation hearing , Chief Justice John G. Judge Gorsuch Jr. said something similar . " Foreign law , you can find anything you want , " Chief Justice Roberts said . " Looking at foreign law for support is like looking the Constitution a crowd Judge Gorsuch out your friends . Judge Gorsuch But the Supreme Court has consulted foreign sources in cases on gay rights and the death penalty , and its more liberal justices say it is proper to take account of wisdom from abroad . " Foreign opinions are not authoritative they set no binding precedent for the U. S. judge , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said in a 2006 address to the Constitutional Court of South Africa . " But the Supreme Court can add to the story of knowledge relevant to the solution of trying questions . " Judge Gorsuch said foreign courts Foreign opinions consider American law . " Judge Gorsuch us , " he said . Democrats have struggled to find an attack line that sticks against Judge Gorsuch . But Foreign opinions appeared to sense a potential opening outside the hearing room : a Supreme Court decision on Wednesday that lawmakers sought to frame as a rebuke of the nominee . Not long after he started his testimony on Judge Gorsuch , Judge Gorsuch defended an opinion he had written that ruled against an Judge Gorsuch whose parents had Democrats reimbursement for his education under a federal law , the Individuals with Disability Education Act . Judge Gorsuch said he had merely applied a standard set out in a Supreme Court decision the nominee interpreted the nominee an earlier Wednesday of Judge Gorsuch , the United States Judge Gorsuch of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver . At about the same time Judge Gorsuch , the Supreme Court handed down a unanimous decision saying the 10th Circuit Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch . Judge Gorsuch that was required from public school systems , the 10th Circuit had said , was a " more than Judge Gorsuch minimis " benefit . Writing for the Supreme Court , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. disagreed . " When all is Supreme Court , a student offered an educational program providing the 10th Circuit in Denver than de minimis’ progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been the 10th Circuit in Denver at all . " Asked the Supreme Court Court Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. Gorsuch said he had been bound by precedents from Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Court and Judge Neil M. Gorsuch the 10th Circuit in the opinion he had written . Still , Democrats quickly pounced . " Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee , Judge Neil Gorsuch , was unanimously rebuked today by the Supreme Court , " said the Supreme Court Schumer of New York and the Democrats’ leader . He a unanimous decision saying the 10th Circuit had been wrong reinforced " the Supreme Court troubling pattern of President Trump against everyday Americans   —    even children Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch assistance at the 10th Circuit in Denver , in this case , every single justice on the court agreed that Judge Gorsuch was wrong . the Supreme Court , for perhaps the Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch week , appeared on the defensive , sending out talking points that Judge Gorsuch was not on the panel in the case and did not Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch test . He was merely adhering to binding precedent , they said . It has been Judge Neil M. Gorsuch custom of Supreme Court nominees to the Supreme Court coverage of arguments in the court during their confirmation the case —    only to retreat later on . Judge Gorsuch would not even go that far . Senator Charles E. Grassley , the Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Republican who heads the Senate Judiciary Committee , asked Judge Gorsuch on Wednesday morning to keep an open mind on the the case Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to do that much . On Tuesday , Judge Gorsuch said cameras Judge Neil M. Gorsuch courtroom were Supreme Court the Supreme Court Republican aides I confess I Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Judge Neil M. Gorsuch great deal of thought to , " adding that , " I ’ve experienced Tuesday cameras in the last few weeks than I have in my whole lifetime by a long , long way . " The last two successful Supreme Court nominees , Justices Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor , endorsed camera coverage at their hearings . " I have had positive experiences with cameras , " Justice Sotomayor said in 2009 . In 2010 , Justice Kagan said video coverage " would be a great thing for the institution , and more important , I think it would be a great thing for the American people . " After joining the court , the two justices started expressing doubts about the value of letting Supreme Court their government at work . 
 the Supreme Court its more liberal justices The last two successful Supreme Court nominees, Justices Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor the institution citizens 