’   ’ ’    The ouster of many US district attorneys was expected with Trump’s . ’ "    But Trump ’s firing of Preet Bharara President Donald Trump the US attorney for the    Southern District of New York , threw turmoil into the    process . " "    Lost amid the furor around Bharara ’s dismissal was the    resignation of Robert Capers , who led the attorney ’s office for    the Eastern District of New York , based in Brooklyn New York "    While Bharara was known for his    Wall Street    prosecutions , Bharara District has handled a number the Eastern District offenses   —    since September 11 , no US attorney ’s office     more terrorism cases . " "    In the weeks before Capers’ ouster , his office had begun pursuing       the vaunted Sinaloa cartel Capers’ to the US in the    hours before Trump was inaugurated . " "    Proceedings in Guzman ’s case have been limited to   in a US jail and    his access to visitors and representation . After a February 3 Guzman’s hearing , his next court appearance was . " ’   ’ ’ Guzman’s ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Capers’ departure and the arrival of a new US attorney is also    unlikely to extend the expected duration of proceedings against    Guzman   —    who might not start his trial for a year or longer ,    Vincent said Guzman’s " ’    The process to replace Capers looks set primed for political    intrigue . ’ ’    A number of past and    US prosecutors are reportedly    interested in the job , including   a Fox News personality and    friend of Trump confidant Rudy Giuliani , and   partner    the same law firm as    Giuliani and son of former US Attorney General Michael Mukasey . ’ ’    Trump transition officials   New York Rep. Peter King for    recommendations for certain jobs , like the Brooklyn US Attorney ,    and the president is likely to seek input on the selection from    Giuliani . ’ "    However ,   to the New York Daily News , US    senators typically offer recommendations for US attorneys and    federal judgeships . New York ’s senators , Chuck Schumer and    Kirsten Gillibrand , are both Democrats . " ’The ouster of many US district attorneys was . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 