Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump appeared open Friday to compromising on Donald Trump    pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare     citing a conversation with none other than President Barack Obama himself .   But the openness was complicated by a shift in the official positions listed on Donald Trump website . The comments , made in an interview with the Wall Street Journal , signal less of a policy shift for Trump than a change from the rhetoric that helped win Trump the presidency just three days ago and could set up a fight with conservatives . Trump told the paper Trump was reconsidering Trump stance after Thursday ’s meeting with Obama , who urged Trump to protect parts of the law . Trump said Trump would like to keep the provision forbidding discrimination based on    conditions and to allow young Americans to remain on young Americans parents’ healthcare plans . " Either Obamacare will be amended , or repealed and replaced , " Trump said , acknowledging that it was Obama , who met with Trump in the Oval Office for 90 minutes , who encouraged Trump to reconsider . " I told Trump I will look at Trump suggestions , and out of respect , I will do that . " Trump reiterated Trump plan in an interview with CBS ’s " 60 Minutes " to ensure individuals with    conditions continue to have coverage . " Yes , because it happens to be one of the strongest assets , " Trump said . Trump went on to explain to CBS that Trump would also try to keep the measure that allows young people to stay on young people parents’ insurance plans until age 26 . Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare , " Americans ’re going to very much try to keep that . that adds cost but that ’s very much something we ’re going to try to keep , " Trump said .     When pressed about the time between repealing and replacing Obamacare , Trump assured CBS correspondent Leslie Stahl that the two would happen " simultaneously . "   " It will be just fine . That ’s what I do , I do a good job . You know , I know how to do this stuff . we ’re going to repeal this stuff and replace this stuff . we ’re not going to have , like , a    period , and we ’re not going to have a    period where there ’s nothing . It will be repealed and replaced and we ’ll know . And It will be great health care for much less money , " Trump said .   But Trump did not offer a replacement plan . Trump Trump told the Journal that he Trump bring the country together and that " I want a country that loves each other . " But that grace did not extend to any reflection on his Trump rhetoric .   When asked about whether his Trump was inappropriate , Trump Trump : " No . I won . " Echoes previous statements , Trump Trump on Friday are not entirely new , as he ’s Trump voiced support for certain parts of Obamacare as a candidate . But the statement , three days after Americans elected him president , is a fresh sign that he may him willing to distance himself from him of his campaign him , such as calling for the immediate repeal and replace of Obamacare . And it ’s a far cry from what Trump uttered during the primary to his boisterous Trump at rallies . " Look at the mess , and look at the corruption , " Trump said Trump a rally just a day before Election Day in Scranton , Pennsylvania . " Real change begins immediately with the repealing and replacing of the disaster known as Obamacare . "   Also on Friday , The Washington Post reported that Trump has Trump his health Trump agenda to steer it more Trump has revised his health care agenda to steer it more in line with Republican Party orthodoxy line with Republican Party orthodoxy . The paper said the presidential transition website has been edited to now include allowing health care workers to not perform acts that would violate their religious health care workers moral beliefs and to " protect innocent human life from conception to natural death . " The paper The paper the website omits the presidential transition website Trump to allow Americans to import prescription drugs from other countries where they are sold at Americans prices . Trump has Trump voiced support for other provisions of Obamacare . Universal health care , At CNN ’s town hall in February , Trump said Trump likes Trump Obamacare mandate that requires every American to be insured . He went Trump further in a " 60 Minutes " interview last year . " Everybody ’s got to be covered . This is an    thing for me to say , " he told Trump ’s Scott Pelley . " I am going to take care of everybody . I do n’t care if it costs me votes or not . Everybody ’s going to be taken care of much better than they ’re taken care care now . " But in his plan , he says : " his elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate . No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants No person . No person    conditions , At CNN ’s GOP debate in February , Trump said he would get rid Trump Obamacare but maintain the provision that insurers must cover people with    conditions . " I want to keep    conditions . I    we need it . I think it ’s a modern it . And I think we have to have we , " he it Dana Bash Trump His plan , however Trump offers no defense of those with    conditions . Instead , he said Obamacare must Trump repealed " completely . " Not letting people ’die in the streets’ Trump was most emphatic when talking about having the government take care of poor people who are sick . " You can not let people die on the street , OK ? Now , some people would say , ’That ’s not a very Republican thing to say.’ Every time I say this at a rally . .. it got a standing this , " he said at a Trump town hall in February . " The problem is that everybody thinks that you people , as Republicans , hate the concept of taking care of people that are really , really sick and are gon na die . We got ta take care of people that ca n’t take care of themselves . " On people that can’t take care of themselves trail , Trump sketched different ways of accomplishing this . He ’s mentioned making Trump with hospitals and " concepts of Medicare . " But in his plan , he Trump says that Trump one should slip through the cracks because they ca n’t afford no one . While he wants to repeal Trump ’s Medicaid expansion provision , he says it could Trump accomplished he wants to repeal Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion provision reviewing " basic options for Medicaid " and working Medicaid states to ensure health care is provided to those who want it . 
 he wants to repeal Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion provision 