  ( CNN ) With 53 days to go before Americans elect the next president , Donald Trump ’s campaign has acknowledged that the current officeholder , Barack Obama , is in fact an American .   The word first came from former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who is perhaps Donald Trump’s most fervent campaign surrogate . But the candidate has yet to second the declaration . And we are faced with the puzzle of a major party nominee who seems incapable of admitting a mistake , even when it a mistake a protracted , defamatory crusade widely regarded as racist in its a mistake , if not its a mistake . Birtherism , as the challenge to Obama ’s citizenship came to be called , originated in Illinois with a notorious political gadfly named Andrew Martin , who declared Obama Obama not the person he claimed to be . Without offering any proof , Martin said Obama Obama " a Muslim who concealed his religion . "     Although many media reports have suggested the " he his a secret Muslim " became " he his secretly not a citizen , " when Hillary Clinton ’s backers spread the idea in 2007 , the evidence of this is scant .   What is undeniable is that by early 2009 , some Republicans were trafficking in innuendo about Obama ’s birthplace . " Well , his his was Kenyan and they said he his born in Hawaii , " said US Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama in a local newspaper , The Cullman Times , " but I have n’t seen any birth certificate . You have to be born in America to be president . " Sen. Roy Blunt , who was then a U. S. congressman from Missouri , said , " What I do n’t know is why the president ca n’t produce a birth certificate . I do n’t know anybody else that ca n’t produce one . And I think that ’s a legitimate question . No health records , no birth certificate . "   In fact , both an official    birth certificate issued by Hawaii and a local newspaper notice confirmed Obama was born in Honolulu . By the summer of 2009 , Shelby was backing away from the issue as an aide explained " while he an aide n’t personally seen the President ’s birth certificate , he an aide confident that the matter has been thoroughly examined . "   The the issue into the realm of conspiracy theorists and fringe political figures such as the actor Chuck Norris , a    document " expert " named Ron Polarik , and Orly Taitz , a California dentist who circulated a document she claimed showed Obama was born in Kenya . It was labeled a document she claimed showed Obama was born in Kenya forgery by Kenyan officials .    Enter Trump , Birtherism had started to peter out as a mainstream issue when Donald Trump took Enter Trump cause . In early 2011 he told the Conservative Enter Trump Action Conference ( CPAC ) annual meeting that , " Our current president came out of nowhere . Came out of nowhere . In fact , I ’ll go a step further . The people that went to school with him never saw him Our current president do n’t Our current president The people that went to school with him he is . Crazy Our current president " ( Trump also used this address to try out the    rhetoric he would use in Trump and 2016 . " The Mexicans , " he said , " Trump not believe what they are getting away The Mexicans " in trade arrangements with the United States . ) Plenty of people knew Obama at the various schools and universities he attended and no Trump controversy attended his status as an Trump citizen .   Trump followed his CPAC performance with Trump appearance on Bill O’Reilly ’s Fox News program . There , he said that he Trump once believed Trump Obama had been born in Hawaii but added , " I ’ve seen too many things " and " come to have doubts . "   Under harsh questioning from O’Reilly , Trump allowed Bill O’Reilly perhaps Trump President had a U. S. birth certificate . But he added , " the President , he may have one the President but there is something on that birth certificate     maybe religion , maybe it says he ’s maybe religion Muslim the President I do n’t know . " O’Reilly said , " Bill O’Reilly get a lot of attention raising the question , but I do n’t think you believe it . "   the question or not , Trump ’s birther claims earned him lots of attention Trump’s Trump upped the ante Trump’s the birther issue , saying , " I have investigators in Hawaii . . .. They can not believe what they ’re finding , They alluding darkly to something being withheld .   His wife , Melania Trump’s echoed him on a cable Trump’s talk show , adding , " It ’s not him ( Donald ) Trump’s ’s bringing it up . It It the media It the time , all the time . " Obama ’s supporters considered it a case of It " dog whistle " racism , by which they meant he was Obama’s supporters oblique statements that listeners understood to be racist . David Letterman , then the host of the " Late Show " on CBS , seemed to agree with this point of view .   " It ’s all fun , it ’s all a It , it ’s all a It , until it starts to smack It racism , " Letterman told his audience David Letterman " David Letterman then it ’s no longer It . " Obama brings things to a head , The President and his aides generally ignored Obama . But Trump kept at it Trump the intent , a former political aide would explain , of showing he could " take Trump guy on " and " beat him . " That Trump was a false issue did n’t matter . Trump ’s intention was Trump make himself a player in Trump national political game and an Obama antagonist who would delight those who reviled the President . After six weeks of this distracting nonsense the White House released the    birth certificate . To his own amazement , Trump noted , all Obama TV news networks covered the release live . This was proof of the potency of Trump ’s technique .   Days after the document ’s release , Obama used the issue Obama the source of comic relief at the annual White House Correspondents’ Association dinner , introducing a clip from the movie " The Lion King " as his " birth video . " With Trump watching from the Trump’s , Obama praised the leadership Obama had demonstrated in Trump’s reality TV show Obama making the " kinds of decisions that would keep me up at night . " Obama added that with Obama birther issue resolved , Trump could " get Trump’s to focusing on the issues that matter     like , did we fake the moon landing ? "   Even when wrong , Trump never lets go Trump’s Although people who live in a    world moved on from the birther controversy , Trump did not . Trump’s declined opportunities to Trump’s that Obama was a citizen Obama , as a majority of Republicans came to share this distorted perspective , Trump ’s position became Trump’s . It was so effective that he reprised it during the Trump’s campaign It    raising doubts about GOP rival Ted Cruz ’s citizenship .   As a disciple of the late Roy Cohn , who practiced the politics of destruction by innuendo for the    Sen. Joseph McCarthy , Trump has long understood the power of a question asked to establish doubt . He regularly uses phrases like Trump I ’m hearing " and " a lot of people say " to justify putting subjects into the public record that have no basis in fact . This is what he did with the birther Trump .   Trump used a subtler variation Trump the old innuendo technique after the mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando . He said then of the Trump and the issue of Islamic terrorism , " He does n’t get it Trump he gets it better than Trump understands it " The     meaning of this statement was that Obama is not willing to stop terrorist attacks and may even be behind them . Trump went a terrorist attacks further more recently as he said that Obama was Trump of the Obama terrorist organization ISIS .    Is he no longer a birther Trump As Trump approaches the general election Trump needs not just his rabid base of voters Trump others to support him , he has made Trump attempts Trump soothe anxieties about his methods , his rhetoric Trump his temperament Trump An appearance Trump a largely    church in Detroit has been widely interpreted as an effort to reassure those who fear he is racist .   An appearance at a largely   church in Detroit Giuliani ’s claim that Trump is no longer holding to his birther doubts would represent Rudy Giuliani’s move toward the mainstream . But as a man who generally likes to keep all his options open , and Rudy Giuliani rhetoric obscure , Trump Rudy Giuliani yet to affirm Trump former New New York ’s statement .   Trump has been in this position Trump , on other issues . He has never corrected himself on Trump claims that he Trump , Trump TV , Trump of    celebrating the    attacks in New Jersey ( a claim for which there is no evidence ) . Likewise , he has never corrected himself about Trump ’s Obama’s the Trump Obama " of ISIS or his criticism of an    judge who Trump said would n’t be fair to Trump because he is " Mexican . Trump Indeed Trump Paul Ryan , the Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives , declared that statement racist     but Trump never disavowed it . Trump does Trump publicly change statement racist     mind Trump apologize or admit to Trump because his public persona has been built , Trump the 1970s , on the idea that he is a tough man who never Trump down .   To do it once would be to open up the possibility that other    stands he has taken may have been in Trump . The edifice of his ego , like a house of Trump , is too fragile for him to allow this . Do n’t Trump him to do it now , no Trump what Rudy this says . 
 Rudy Giuliani 