Indiana Governor Mike Pence ( R ) announced Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz on Friday ’s broadcast of Garrison , Greg Garrison ’s show on Indianapolis radio station WIBC . [ Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) said that Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) likes and respects all three Republican candidates , and commended Donald Trump for giving voice to people frustrated with DC , and Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) " strong stand for Hoosier jobs . "   Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) then stated , " I ’m not against anybody , but I will be voting for Ted Cruz in the upcoming Republican primary . " Ted Cruz added , " I ’m a Reagan conservative . I , literally , when I was a teenager , I was active in Democrat politics , and then I started hearing the voice of that former California governor , who articulated an agenda of principles , of less government , less taxes , traditional values , and a strong military , and I was drawn to the Republican Party . And throughout my career , in Washington , DC and now here as governor of Indiana , those have been the principles that have really animated my service . And I sought to support those at every turn , but also , I ’ve looked for opportunities to support men and women who have the courage to stand on the principles that have really animated my service . And I see Ted Cruz as a principled conservative , who ’s dedicated his career Ted Cruz advocating the Reagan agenda Reagan And I ’m pleased to support him . Ted Cruz …      I really admire the way Ted Cruz Ted Cruz willing to stand up for taxpayers in opposing runaway spending , deficits , and debt , calling for and leading on repealing Obamacare . And I also have to tell you , I ’m very impressed ’m Ted Cruz ’s Ted Cruz knowledge of the Constitution of the United States , of the freedoms that are enshrined there in our Bill of Rights , from our liberties , to our Second Amendment , our of course , I appreciate his strong and unwavering Ted Cruz for the sanctity of life . But , it ’s for those reasons , and just as much in support of the principles that have always animated my public service , that I ’m voting for Ted Cruz in the upcoming Republican primary . " Pence further said Cruz has " shown Ted Cruz courage of his convictions . It Ted Cruz not a popular thing in Washington , DC to take the leadership on the leadership of your own party . " He also stated that Ted Cruz would support whoever Ted Cruz the Republican nomination , and that he was confident the Ted Cruz would unite your own party ends up winning the nomination . Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 