Moscow ( CNN ) Russia ’s Foreign Ministry has angrily rejected allegations that Russia’s Foreign Ministry top diplomat in Washington is a spy amid controversy over meetings he held with US Attorney General Jeff Sessions . CNN reported Wednesday that Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak is considered by US intelligence to be one of Russia ’s top spies and    in Washington , citing current and former senior US government officials . But asked by CNN ’s team in Moscow about the report , Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova insisted Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak was " a      diplomat . "   Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova added , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova was deputy minister of foreign affairs in Russia , who has communicated with American colleagues for decades in different fields , and CNN accused Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova of being a Russian spy . .. of recruiting ? Oh my God ! "   Sessions is facing calls from senior Democrats to resign for failing to disclose in Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova confirmation hearings two meetings Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova held with Kislyak last year . Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has denied misleading Congress . Speaking at a press briefing Thursday , Zakharova dismissed media reports about the encounters between Sessions and Kislyak as " shameful , " an " attempt at total misinformation " and a kind of " vandalism . " Zakharova also defended the role of Russian diplomats , saying : " Everyone knows how diplomats work and Everyone work consists of making contacts . " House intelligence committee panel sets Russia inquiry , ’Blown out of proportion’ Asked to respond to the characterization of Kislyak as a spy , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said , " Nobody has heard a single statement from US intelligence agencies’ representatives regarding our ambassador . Again , these are some depersonalized assumptions of the media that are constantly trying to blow this situation out of proportion . " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov also insisted that Russia has never interfered in the domestic affairs of another country and has no plans ever to do so . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the current " overly emotional environment " was affecting the prospects of a future meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin .   " This emotional atmosphere builds up a certain resistance to the idea of developing a relationship with Russia . That ’s true . The negative effect is obvious here , " Peskov told journalists on a conference call . Kislyak ’s interactions with Trump former national security adviser Michael Flynn led to Flynn Michael Flynn firing last month . Sessions Sessions misleading Congress , Sessions met with Kislyak Kislyak last year , in July on the sidelines of the Republican convention , and in September in his office when Sessions was a member of the Senate Armed Services committee , according to the Justice Department . Sessions , then a Republican senator for Alabama , campaigned on behalf of Trump throughout 2016 . Sessions did not mention either meeting during his his hearings when he his he his of no contacts between Trump Trump and Russians .   In response to reports of his his with Kislyak , Sessions’ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said there was nothing " misleading about his his " to Congress because he his was asked during the hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump campaign     not about meetings he his as a senator and a member of the Armed Services Committee . " Sessions also strongly denied ever discussing    issues with anyone from Russia Russia " I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the the Trump campaign     " he his in a statement . " I have no idea what this allegation is about . It is this allegation . " The House the Armed Services Committee this week on a plan to investigate Russia Russia interference in the US elections , which includes examining contacts between Trump ’s campaign and Russia , Russia looking into who leaked the details . Democrats have called for an independent investigation . Russia has Russia denied allegations that it meddled Russia the US election campaign . 
 