  ( CNN ) White House chief of staff Denis McDonough defended Georgia Rep. John Lewis Sunday against recent attacks from    Donald Trump , but Denis McDonough did not agree with Denis McDonough claim that   Donald Trump is not " legitimate . " Denis McDonough twice referenced President Barack Obama ’s comments , including during Denis McDonough farewell speech in Chicago last week , that described   Donald Trump as being " freely elected . " " The President has made very clear that The President believes that   Donald Trump   Donald Trump the freely elected president , " Denis McDonough told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Sunday ’s " State of the Union . " " He will The President inaugurated on Friday and he will The President into office , hopefully , strengthened by the kind of transition that we ’ve tried to run in this White House . "   But Obama ’s top aide also said the incoming administration should seek out the civil rights leader as a partner     not an enemy . " My hope would be that the    would reach out to somebody as consequential and somebody who is such a leader as John Lewis , who has done so many things over the course of his life Mr. Lewis to try to work this out , " McDonough said Mr. Lewis " And hopefully not just reach out to him , Mr. Lewis pursue some of the policies that Mr. Lewis has literally fought , bled and gone to jail for over the course of his remarkable Mr. Lewis . " On Saturday morning , Trump swiped at Lewis     who had publicly questioned the legitimacy of the incoming president     on Twitter , calling him , Mr. Lewis All talk , talk , talk    no action or results . "   The attack , coming on the weekend of Martin Luther King Jr. Day , set off a firestorm of condemnations from Democrats and some Republicans . But Trump said Sunday morning Democrats criticizing him were Trump jealous . " The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me , Trump he wrote Trump after 9 a. m. ET . " With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation , that number . .will only get higher . Car companies and others , if they want Car companies and others do business in our country , have to start making things here again . WIN ! " 
 