Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is n’t letting slights go     even after the    accomplishment of winning the presidency .   As the Republican    greeted candidates for Cabinet position at Cabinet Bedminster , New Jersey , golf course Sunday , Cabinet could n’t resist another shot at the cast of the musical " Hamilton "     which had read a message directly to Vice    Mike Pence after Vice    attended the Broadway production Friday night .   With Pence looking on silently , Trump told reporters the remarks were " very inappropriate . "   the remarks marked the second straight day of Trump , now back in control of a Twitter account aides had wrested away in the closing stages of the campaign , raging against " Hamilton . "   And more importantly , it was a continuation of Trump ’s    penchant for lashing out after    moments . Those outbursts have most often come on Twitter , and include his criticism of Megyn Kelly following Megyn Kelly sharp questioning in the first GOP primary debate and his attack on a 1996 beauty queen ’s weight after Hillary Clinton cited Hillary Clinton in a debate . The " Hamilton " episode shows Trump ’s tactics are n’t changing , even though his won . Trump’s is currently interviewing candidates to form Trump’s Cabinet , receiving Trump’s first intelligence briefings and beginning to develop relationships with congressional leaders to enact Trump’s policy vision for America .   But on Sunday , the first words Trump’s offered were about Hamilton .   " The cast and producers of Hamilton , which I hear is highly overrated , should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for "The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated terrible behavior , " Trump tweeted at 6:22 a. m. ET .   At 8:26 a. m. Trump had another bone to pick     this time with NBC ’s " Saturday Night Live , " which lampooned Trump’s as only now realizing the gravity of the presidency in 8:26 a. m. opening skit .   " I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night . It is a totally    biased show    nothing funny at all . Equal time for us ? " he tweeted .   But " Hamilton "     the critically acclaimed musical about the nation ’s founding fathers     has been Trump ’s most frequent target .   On Saturday morning , in one tweet , Trump wrote Trump " Our wonderful future V. P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater The Theater cast of Hamilton , Hamilton blazing . This should not happen ! "   In another , he said : " The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The cast of Hamilton was Hamilton rude last night last night very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! "   The remarks offered a stark reminder of Trump ’s sensitivity     and showed how his expectations contrast with he he encouraged supporters to he journalists covering his rallies , protesters he whom he encouraged physical violence he opponent Hillary Clinton , who he threatened to jail he   The Twitter tirades did serve to draw attention away from his $ 25 million he of lawsuits alleging that Trump University was a fraud . It was no master plan , though : Trump tweeted about that Trump University , too his $25 million settlement of lawsuits alleging that Trump University was a fraud even more attention to it . On Monday , his $25 million settlement of lawsuits alleging that Trump University was a fraud Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway Trump University why Trump tweets . " He Trump University over 25 million former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway on Facebook and Twitter , and it ’s a great way for him to take his message former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway to people former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway cut through the noise or silence , " she told Chris Cuomo on former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway ’s " New Day . "   " Sometimes , important things he ’s saying or doing former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway getting zero coverage . Sometimes , he ’s just trying to former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway through the nonsense of people telling Americans what is important to them , which we saw through the elections was n’t true , " she added . " People former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway being told this issue , this statement , this past transgression is important to you and Americans said , ’No , it ’s not . What is important to me is this    plan where he ’ll drain the swamp    repeal and replace Obamacare and pass meaningful reform . ’ " But there are some signs Trump is trying to rein in his Twitter behavior .   Trump deleted a tweet posted Trump 7:32 p. m. ET Saturday     a full 12 hours after he ’d begun attacking " Trump "     that said : " Very rude and insulting of Hamilton cast member to treat Hamilton great future V. P. Mike Pence to a theater lecture . Could n’t even memorize lines ! "   On the campaign trail , Trump said he wanted to Trump laws Trump make it easier to sue his critics     a move Trump , free speech advocates warned , could lead to a chilling effect that would silence political expression .   The American Civil Liberties Union lambasted Trump ’s attacks on the Trump " cast , portraying Trump as unaware of the realities Trump his political office .   " Trump Trump needs a refresher on his Trump school civics class , Trump said Anthony D. Romero , the ACLU Romero Trump     not the cast of Trump "     that Romero offer an apology .   " Americans do n’t apologize     not even to presidents or vice presidents     for the lawful and proper exercise of their constitutional rights , " Romero said . " The First Amendment is a cornerstone Americans our democracy , and Democratic and Republican presidents alike have understood that freedom of speech makes our country stronger     even if it sometimes make our leaders uncomfortable . " Trump ’s tweets have amplified the comments The First Amendment a cast member , read    after the production .    Brandon Dixon , who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical , began the message by thanking Pence for attending the play and saying , " We hope you will hear us out . "   " We , sir     Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical are the diverse America Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical are alarmed and anxious that Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical new administration will Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical protect us , our planet , our children , our parents , or defend us and Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical our Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical rights , Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical Dixon said . " We truly hope Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical work on behalf of all of us . " Pence Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical for his part , has let the comments go . Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the hit musical I did hear what was said from the stage . I can tell you I was n’t offended by what was said . I will leave to others whether that was the appropriate venue to say it , " he said on " Fox News Sunday . "   " I do want to his that the basic element , the center of that message is one I want to address and that is I know this is a very disappointing time for people that did not see their candidate win in this national election , " Pence said .   " I people that did not see their candidate win in this national election this is a very anxious time for some people . I just want to reassure this what    Donald Trump said on election night     he absolutely meant from the bottom of his heart , " he said .   Donald Trump He is preparing to be the Donald Trump of all of Donald Trump people of the United Donald Trump of America and to watch him bringing together people of diverse views , bringing people together who disagreed with him Donald Trump , seeing him talk to leaders around the world , I just want Donald Trump reassure every American Donald Trump in the days ahead I am very confident that they are going to see    Trump be a president for all of the people every American we embrace that principle . We are going to work hard to make that principle every day that we serve we " The " Hamilton " cast ’s that principle Pence came after we in the crowd booed the Republican Vice   .   Pence said he did notice the booing , but it did n’t spoil the show . Pence " the Republican Vice   daughter and I and her cousins Pence enjoyed the show . ’Hamilton’ is just an incredible production , incredibly talented people . It was the show joy to be there , " Pence said .   " When we arrived we heard a few boos , and we Pence some cheers , " he said , " we nudged my kids and reminded them we is what freedom sounds the Republican Vice   . " 
 my kids 