  ( CNN ) Donald Trump will have 90 minutes Sunday night to save Donald Trump presidential campaign , as Donald Trump faces off against Hillary Clinton in a debate that will cap one of the most extraordinary weekends in American political history .   Republicans     including vice presidential nominee Mike Pence     are criticizing Donald Trump for Republicans    including vice presidential nominee Mike Pence     vulgar comments about advances Republicans    including vice presidential nominee Mike Pence     has made toward women that came to light Friday . And an    list of senators and top GOP officials want Donald Trump replaced on the ticket . Donald Trump insists Donald Trump wo n’t leave the race , and Donald Trump and allies ( those that remain , at least ) indicate Donald Trump ’ll go on the attack against Clinton . Trump eyes debate to rescue faltering campaign , There ’s one thing on everyone ’s mind Sunday night in St. Louis at the town hall debate    by CNN ’s Anderson Cooper . Here ’s what to watch :   The tape     what will Trump say ?   Soon after the " Access Hollywood " tape became public on Friday , Trump released a statement that read , in part : " I apologize if anyone was offended . " That was n’t sufficient . Hours later , Trump released a video message : " Anyone who knows me knows these words do n’t reflect who I am . I said it , I was wrong , and I apologize , " Trump said , looking into the camera . Trump made a brief appearance Saturday on Fifth Avenue in front of Trump Tower , and a couple of calls to newspapers vowing to stay in the race . But this will be Trump first live appearance and one that guarantees    questions . Although Trump has apologized , Trump has not yet addressed serious concerns raised by the hot mic video . Most notably , Trump suggestion that he Trump aggressive advances toward women     including the comment that he Trump " grab them women     the pussy "     has raised grave new questions about whether he Trump women without their women . This is Trump Trump chance to convince Americans that he Trump sincere in his Trump and that he Trump be trusted as commander in chief . If he Trump do that , as well as score points on his Trump issues of trade and security , he Trump be able to survive . What will Trump say about Bill Clinton ? After the first debate , Trump Trump himself Trump refraining from bringing up Bill Clinton ’s " indiscretions . " " I ’m really happy I was able to hold back on the indiscretions in respect to Bill Bill Clinton Because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton Bill Clinton he told CNN Bill Clinton Dana Bash . When pressed by Bash on what he would have Bill Clinton , Trump Trump : " Maybe I ’ll tell you at the next debate . "   It Trump appears that Trump Trump do exactly that on Sunday . The GOP nominee has already given two indications that he is preparing The GOP nominee target the former president     and the Clintons’ marriage     on the debate stage . Immediately after the " Access Hollywood " video was released , Trump Trump in a statement : " Bill Clinton has said far worse to me Trump the golf course    not even close . " In the video message hours later , Trump Trump his Trump apology with this : " Bill Clinton has Bill Clinton women and Hillary Clinton has bullied Bill Clinton , shamed and intimated his victims . " " Bill Clinton will discuss this more in the coming days , " Trump Trump . And he Trump two tweets from Juanita Broaddrick , the Arkansas nursing home administrator who alleged that Bill Clinton had raped her Bill Clinton . Clinton has Bill Clinton the allegations , Bill Clinton there was never any legal action against him . The strategy of dredging Bill Clinton Clinton ’s extramarital affairs , such Bill Clinton with Monica Lewinsky and Gennifer Flowers , enjoys minimal support within the Republican Party , and top GOP leaders are wary of going down this path . Given the timing , it could also be interpreted and dismissed the timing desperate . What does Hillary Clinton say ? Clinton has kept Bill Clinton profile all weekend Bill Clinton staying in New York for debate prep , and so this will be the first time she responds in person to the Trump tape Bill Clinton In recent weeks , the Democratic nominee had already adopted highlighting Trump ’s past remarks about women as a major strategy , aimed at hammering home the point that Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president . Trump’s Clinton campaign has featured Alicia Machado , for example     a former Miss Universe whom Trump has made disparaging comments about     in Trump’s ads , and facilitated Machado sharing her story with the media . Alicia Machado may Alicia Machado less keen on addressing her Clinton ’s extramarital affairs if Trump decides Clinton go there . Asked last Trump’s whether she feels any obligation to object to a Clinton ’s indiscretions being brought up in the campaign , Clinton simply answered : " No . " Clinton Clinton faces questions on her speeches , The Clinton bombshell Friday came Clinton roughly the same Trump’s the Clinton team was dealing with problems of its Clinton     WikiLeaks posted thousands of hacked the Clinton team from Clinton campaign chairman , John Podesta , that Clinton to include excerpts of Clinton ’s private speeches to Wall Street companies Clinton   Those excerpts could validate what some of Clinton excerpts of Clinton have said all along : Clinton the Democratic nominee is out of touch with the middle class . In one 2014 speech , Clinton appears to acknowledge that she is " Clinton of far removed " Clinton the struggles of everyday Americans     comments that could haunt her in Sunday ’s debate and on the Clinton trail . " My father loved to complain about big business and big government , but we had a solid middle class upbringing , " she said in the remarks . " And Clinton , obviously , I ’m kind of far removed because the life I ’ve lived and the economic , you know , fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I have n’t forgotten it . " With all the attention on Trump , the excerpts have n’t gotten much attention . But figure Clinton will have to explain her reasoning for those comments Sunday . Trump Clinton first real town hall , Throughout the Trump campaign , Trump has largely stuck to a campaign method that Trump ’s most comfortable with : large rallies . Trump during the primary season , when presidential candidates typically prioritize retail politics and small gatherings that allow maximum    and    Trump mostly steered clear of intimate campaign settings Trump Trump that the GOP nominee will head into Sunday night a novice in town halls     a format that will expose the candidates to questions from audience members and require extra agility and grace . His lack of practice with the format could hand him the GOP nominee significant disadvantage . Even at an event that the GOP nominee Trump campaign billed as a " town hall " in New Hampshire Thursday , the format was such that the nominee did n’t interact with audience members ( the questions were read out loud , instead , by moderator Howie Carr ) and answered softball questions for just over 30 minutes . The    event will be    by Cooper and ABC an event that the Trump campaign billed as a "town hall" in New Hampshire Thursday , but the real wild card is the audience members who will grill Clinton and Trump . Past town hall debates have produced famously awkward moments , including John McCain referring to President Barack Obama as " that one , " and George W. Bush prompting the audience to bust into laughter with a raise of the eyebrows and a head nod at    President Al Gore . The debate also has the potential to produce some raw interactions between voters and the candidates . At a town    event in Haverford , Pennsylvania , last week , a woman told Clinton that she had lost two sons     one died from gun violence and a woman had committed suicide , she said . As a campaign volunteer hugged the woman , Clinton a woman : " Thank you for being so a woman " 
 Clinton 