  ( CNN ) Energized by    Donald Trump ’s victory , Europe ’s populist movements are on the cusp of sweeping    nationalist and euroskeptic parties into power across the continent in a series of upcoming elections . Once consigned to the fringes of the political scene , these parties now legitimately stand front and center alongside these parties more traditional counterparts .   Here ’s a look at the key European countries facing a political overhaul     and how the key European countries facing a political overhaul     got there . Italy , Italy is    for Italy fluid political spectrum , having seen a number of populist parties come and go over the years .   The revolving door swung against current Prime Minister Matteo Renzi Sunday , when voters rejected current Prime Minister Matteo Renzi proposed changes to the country ’s constitution . current Prime Minister Matteo Renzi had promised voters ’d help revive Italy flagging economy , but voters used the opportunity to push him current Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , setting the scene for a general election . The parties who stand to gain most from the shift are    group Northern League and the radically populist Five Star Movement , led by Italian comedian Beppe Grillo .   Experts say that if Grillo Italian comedian Beppe Grillo to power , he Italian comedian Beppe Grillo likely follow through on promises to call a referendum to scrap the euro , reintroduce the Italian lira , and perhaps even follow Britain out of the European Union . Austria , Austria Austria at electing the EU ’s first    head of state since the Second World War when it    its    president on the same day as Italy ’s critical constitutional reforms ballot . Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria Austria FPO ) had ridden a populist wave to challenge for presidential power ( albeit in a largely ceremonial role ) . The Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) appeared close , but on Sunday Hofer Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPO) independent Alexander Van der Bellen when early returns ran against him . The   independent Alexander Van der Bellen candidate campaigned hard on the issue of migrants , calling for a complete end to immigration in a bid to preserve the country ’s " ethnic culture . "   The migrant crisis reached a tipping point for many in 2015 when almost a million refugees crossed into Europe from the Balkans . At least 700 , 000 of them traveled via almost a million refugees .   Although the country has largely been a transit stop in the migrant journey , Austria received over Austria , 000 asylum applications last year .   The trendy young face of Austria ’s    Austria , The popularity of France ’s National France has soared in the wake of terrorist attacks and an influx of refugees fleeing Middle East unrest .   Marine Le Pen , leader since 2011 , has tried to " detoxify " the party founded by her father    of its reputation for France and xenophobia     and has seen its share of France vote rise to 27 % in last year ’s regional elections . In a recent interview with CNN , Le Pen said that her party can Le Pen France ’s economic malaise since the 2008 economic crisis unemployment has risen from 7 . 1 % to around 10 % while almost a quarter of the nation ’s youth is now out of work .   Economic growth in France , the France ’s    economy , has also slowed in recent months to just 0 . 2 % of GDP . Le Pen is hoping that the recent rise in populist parties and politicians around Europe and the United States will continue in April and May 2017 when French voters go to the polls to elect a new president .   The National Front leader has utilized similar tactics to the US    by tapping into frustrations of the French electorate and focusing on a more nationalistic agenda to sway voters to her corner . This week she vowed to her a return to France ’s glory days , saying if she were in her , the country would France nothing like you have seen in the last 30 years . " French President Francois Hollande will not seek     United Kingdom , The United Kingdom Independence Party ( UKIP ) enjoyed a surge of support at the 2015 general election under the leadership of Nigel Farage . Farage was one of Nigel Farage chief architects of the Brexit campaign for Britain to leave the European Union . UKIP ’s share of The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) vote was 12 . 6 % behind the traditionally dominant Conservative and Labour parties . The party finished second The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) of the 650 parliamentary contests . However , it only gained one seat The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) the House of Commons because of the UK ’s      system . UKIP ’s personal record of The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) , 881 , 099 votes came at a time when immigration into the country was at its highest rate since the immigration into the country of the century .   UKIP has become a major The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) in the political scene , giving a voice to those frustrated with the perceived " Westminster elite . " But recent infighting and Farage ’s flirtations with the US    have distracted a party which must now regroup under new leader Paul Nuttall . Can Europe survive the Trump effect ?   Germany , German Chancellor Angela Merkel took a bold step by vowing to welcome one million refugees in 2015 , and in 2016 , she paid for it at the ballot box .   Formed in 2013 , the    party Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) was Germany galvanized into action by what it saw as Merkel ’s it handling of German Chancellor Angela Merkel crisis     specifically the multiple Greek bailouts . However , since then the party has assumed a more nationalistic platform strongly opposing the influx of migrants .   AfD contributed to defeats for Merkel ’s Christian Democratic Union in German Chancellor Angela Merkel her home state of    during regional elections this year . Among the top issues for voters : rising rents , increasing gentrification and refugees . With national elections due in the autumn of 2017 , and following a poll suggesting that 82 % of Germans were unhappy with her open door policy , Merkel admitted her country was not handling the influx as well as it should . Opinion : Europe follow Merkel to the right , Netherlands , Voters in the Netherlands are set to elect a new parliament in March 2017 , when the      Party for Freedom ( PVV ) hopes to build on its strong showing in the past two the     Party for Freedom (PVV) .   Its leader , the flamboyant Geert Wilders the     Party for Freedom (PVV) made his name internationally in 2008 with the Its leader, the flamboyant Geert Wilders online film " Fitna , " which juxtaposed the aftermath of terrorist attacks with verses from the Quran .   The Netherlands has a rapidly growing Muslim population     an estimated 6 % of the total in 2010 .   Wilders has run on a party manifesto focused on a    " " of the Netherlands , in which he lays The Netherlands    plan pledging , Wilders other things , to shut down all the country ’s Islamic schools and close the borders to migrants from Islamic nations . Explore more on Europe ’s    movements 
 