When Donald J. Trump made provocative remarks on Wednesday about Russian intelligence services and Hillary Clinton ’s email , readers of The New York Times responded with a record number of comments . More than 9 , 220 comments on the article were approved by moderators , who review nearly every one before they are published on The Times ’s digital platforms . Thousands more comments were posted on The Times’s Facebook page . the article became the    on in The Times ’s The Times’s his news conference , Mr. Mr. Trump said he hoped Russian intelligence services Mr. Trump hacked Mrs. Clinton ’s email , and encouraged them to publish whatever they Russian intelligence services have stolen , Russian intelligence services urging them to commit cyberespionage . Russian intelligence services are excerpts from the comments , some of which have been lightly edited for clarity . Some readers said Mr. Trump ’s comments showed Mr. Trump and signaled that he Mr. Trump not be trusted to keep Mr. Trump nation ’s secrets safe . " Trump does n’t seem to have a grasp on what comes out of his mouth . In his attempts to Mr. Trump strong , and Mr. Trump be talking over others , he seems to be totally unable to Mr. Trump his outbursts and totally ridiculous statements . Mr. Trump   —    Julius in New York . " The man ’s lack of impulse control regarding what comes out of his mouth is the most worrisome aspect The man potential presidency . Regardless of what you The man about Hillary , is this the spokesperson in chief you want for our nation ? "   —    GMS in Chicago . " Just imagine , for even a brief second , what he might say when he is president . The man he might talk The man on the ‘ red The man Remember , when he talks he says what HE thinks is The man , The man what the The man believes . "   —    D. C. Researcher in Washington . Some readers said Mr. Trump was committing an act of patriotism The man to expose Mrs. Clinton ’s email and were skeptical that he intended harm with his remarks . " I The man to say it The man but if it was Russia , thank goodness that someone had it urge to expose another crooked and rigged system . If you will recall , Trump has said all along that the DNC and Clinton rigged the primaries    …      and he was right . "   —    Florida Trump in Florida . " If you listen to the whole quote it was obviously    cheek , not    . He was making a joke about Hillary deleting all Trump those emails . "   —    Gary Taustine in New York . " I was astounded when commentators took Trump ’s statement at literal face value . Let ’s hope no one ever tells one of these Trump’s to go jump off a bridge . "   —    Jim in New York . " Maybe the American people deserve New York them . She had them open for the [ taking the American people . Jim in New York   the American people    Gary James Richards of Oak Ridge , N. J. on The Times ’s Facebook page . Several commenters accused Mr. Trump of sedition or treason and demanded that he be punished .   " That Donald Trump would encourage a tyrant like Vladimir Putin and his surrogates to meddle in our affairs is treason of Vladimir Putin highest order . The fact that he would encourage our adversary for his own political gain Vladimir Putin he would stop at nothing Vladimir Putin get what he wants Vladimir Putin He does n’t care about anyone or Vladimir Putin other than Vladimir Putin . I would n’t ever count on a turncoat Vladimir Putin like Donald Trump to have my back under any circumstances . "   —    JG in Old North Bridge , Mass. " To call on a foreign government to engage in espionage against your political opponent that is a former member of the government is sedition and the stuff of banana republics a foreign government   —    Erik in Boise , Idaho . Some readers suggested Mr. Trump was angling for the spotlight during   the Democratic National Convention .   " Trump just ca n’t stomach the fact that he is not Mr. Trump and center in the media this week Mr. Trump so he has to come up with something to divert the media Mr. Trump attention to him . Pitiful excuse for a the media let alone a Mr. Trump candidate . "   —    Lib in Utah . " This is just Trump ’s latest stunt to take the news cycle away from Mr. Trump D. N. C. Stop wasting time parsing the meaning of this nonsense ! "   —    Doctor Jay in New York . Some readers compared Mrs. Clinton ’s   fitness to lead the country in the wake of her   email scandal with Mr. Trump ’s   request for Russia Mrs. Clinton’s   produce the emails . Other readers said that equivalence was false .   " If President Trump saw his approval ratings fall , he might well conspire Mr. Trump’s   to do Mr. Trump’s   nefarious to raise his Mr. Trump’s   , even if it meant selling the secrets or the principles Mr. Trump’s   his country . Yes his ratings Hillary is sometimes not completely trustworthy , but Mr. Trump’s   has taken untrustworthiness to a new level . "   —    Mr. Trump’s   in Chevy Chase . Md. " The chief complaint about Hillary Clinton is that she seems inauthentic because she is overly cautious and Hillary responses . Well Hillary here ’s a Hillary example of the opposite of Hillary . Is this who we want in charge ? This should be taken very seriously . "   —    MDNewell in Midlothian , Va. 
 