’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump on Saturday defended President Donald Trump executive order    barring travelers from seven    countries from    entering the US . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not a Muslim ban , " President Donald Trump told reporters in the Oval Office    as President Donald Trump signed several executive orders . ’ ’    " It’ ’s working out very nicely . You see It’ at the airports , you    see it all over , "    added . ’ "    President Donald Trump order halted refugee arrivals into the US for 120 days ,       it    citizens of Iraq , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , and    Yemen for 90 days . " ’    The order was meant to " protect the United States from foreign    nationals entering from countries compromised by terrorism " and    implement " a more rigorous vetting process . " ’ ’    But the new restrictions caused chaos and confusion at airports    across the the United States Saturday , as refugees and even permanent    residents of the US were detained by border agents . ’ ’    A   that people from the    seven countries who hold US green cards will be cleared to enter    the US the US     basis . If they plan to travel outside    the country , they must now they with a US consulate before    leaving to    out if they can return they the official said . ’ ’    The official also the official notion that Trump’ ’s order amounted    to a Muslim ban , noting that several predominantly Muslim    countries are not affected . The official said the the official    people affected by the action is " relatively small . " ’ ’    " It ’s important to keep in mind that no person living or residing    overseas has a right to entry to the US , " the official said . ’ the official Lawyers have already   to Trump’ ’s order , arguing it is    " unconstitutional " and " a violation of international law . " ’ ’    Protests over the order erupted at John F. Kennedy airport on    Saturday after two Iraqi refugees who had been granted asylum and    were carrying valid visas were detained by border agents and    denied entry . At least    other travelers were reportedly    detained at the same airport    Saturday , John F. Kennedy airport ’ ’   ’ ’    One of the Iraqis , Hameed Khalid Darweesh , was released Saturday    afternoon after two New York lawmakers arrived at the airport and    demanded to see him John F. Kennedy airport ’    Hundreds of protesters descended on the airport’ ’s Terminal 4 ,    wielding signs that read , " No ban , no wall , " and , " Refugees    welcome , " . ’ "    It ’s unclear how many travelers have been affected by the order    so far , but refugee advocates and lawyers say they have been    receiving reports of immigrants and refugee advocates and lawyers being detained       airports across the country . " ’    " They ’re literally pouring in by the minute , " Becca Heller , the    director of the International Refugee Assistance Project , told    The Times . ’ 
 