PENSACOLA , FL   —    On Friday , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump flexed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump political muscle by drawing one of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump largest crowds since securing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump party ’s nomination in the pivotal battleground state of Florida . [ In what has traditionally been a very    region of the pivotal battleground state of Florida , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump backed up Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump January capacity appearance with another strong showing . It was evident early on , as thousands lined up to get into the Pensacola Bay Center three hours before the rally began to see the presidential hopeful .   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump hammered the usual planks of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign stump speech   —    trade , national defense , immigration , and the flaws of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump drew perhaps Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump biggest applause when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told the crowd what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would do to Iranian boats that threatened U. S. ships . " With Iran , when they the crowd our beautiful destroyers with their the crowd boats and they the crowd gestures at our our that they our people n’t be allowed to make , they our people be shot out of the water , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump proclaimed . In taking aim at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opponent Hillary Clinton , Trump described her Trump to avoid prosecution for her Trump of a private email server while secretary of state as her Trump single greatest achievement . " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump went on to speculate Clinton could get away with much more and avoid prosecution . " She Clinton walk into this arena right now and shoot somebody with 20 , 000 people watching , right smack in the middle of the heart , and she Clinton n’t be prosecuted , OK ? " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said . " That is what ’s happened to our country . " Those remarks led to the crowd chanting " lock her Clinton , " to which Trump said he Trump something else in mind for his Trump . " We ’re going to do better than lock her Clinton , " he Trump . " We We going to win on November 8 . " Trump Trump vowed to have a    navy , which could be seen as welcome news for the region that has a strong naval presence . Pensacola is home to several U. S. Navy installations and the famed Blue Angels , which is the flight demonstration squadron of the Navy . Among those in attendance to support Trump Trump both the Republican nominees for Florida ’s first and second congressional districts , Florida Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz and Dr. Neal Dunn . Both Gaetz and Dunn Dr. Neal Dunn heavy favorites to win their Both Gaetz and Dunn for each of those open seats . Others there to show support for Trump were Rep. Jeff Miller ( ) the outgoing member of Congress for Pensacola , and Trump Trump Gen. Michael Flynn and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . The event was not without protesters . Although it The event late in the rally , a handful protesters managed to interrupt Trump Trump , but they were a handful protesters out by security and followed a group of people sporting " Bikers for Trump "   . While Trump will Trump dominate in Florida ’s    GOP panhandle region , his appearance GOP Pensacola could prove as an important step in getting out the vote . Although Pensacola and Pensacola cities in this region of the state lag behind the more populous parts of Florida that Florida Orlando , Tampa , and Miami , a     turnout by Republican voters would be a feather in the cap for a campaign that is in a    with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the state Florida to polling . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 