’   ’ "    Billionaire business mogul Mark Cuban on Thursday voiced Mark Cuban    approval of    Donald Trump ’s Treasury      Steven Mnuchin , who was going through a    grilling on Capitol Hill during Treasury Senate confirmation hearing . " ’    The owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s " Shark    Tank " took to Twitter and wrote he " actually "   " would be good for the job . " ’ ’    " Mnuchin gave detailed answers to gotcha questions , " . " I hire people like that . " ’ ’    he expressed he was " a fan of a regulator that wants easy to    understand bright line regulations . " he added it " seems like    [ Mnuchin apologized for and rectified the situations of       loans , " regarding OneWest Bank’ ’s housing foreclosures .    Mnuchin Mnuchin to run the bank . ’ ’    " Mistakes happen , " . " It’ ’s what happens to fix them that    matter . " ’ ’’ "    During Mnuchin Mnuchin hearing , the potential Treasury    secretary was pressed about the housing foreclosures and how he    the potential Treasury   secretary investment in Trump ’s business , among other    topics . " "    Republican Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada pushed Mnuchin   on the nominee ’s lack of    answers regarding    OneWest foreclosures pursued in the    aftermath of the 2008 housing crisis . " ’    " How many Nevadans did one west foreclose on while you owned the    bank ? " Heller asked . Republican Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada ’    " I have the information that’ ’s in public reports , but I’’m    absolutely committed to go back and get that information for the information from the bank , the   bank apologize , I don’’t have that with me today , Republican Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada and I do appreciate    hard your state was hit in the    foreclosure process , " Mnuchin replied . ’ ’    Mnuchin , in   from Democratic Sen.    Ron Wyden of Oregon , said he would deal with Trump’ ’ ’   Mnuchin, in  from Democratic Sen.   Ron Wyden of Oregon business " no    different than I would deal with any business that comes before    the committee . " ’ ’    The former Goldman Sachs partner also said that , while he did not    support The former Goldman Sachs partner the    banking regulation , he said    he and The former Goldman Sachs partner      The former Goldman Sachs partner 21st century version . " ’ 
 