San Francisco Democrats will have to reach deeper into San Francisco Democrats pockets than ever before if San Francisco Democrats want to sit with George Clooney and Hillary Clinton at the presidential candidate ’s Bay Area fundraiser dinner next month . Two seats at the head table with the guests of honor are going for a whopping $ 350 , 000 . [ Bay    venture capitalist , Uber investor and Democrat moneyman Shervin Pishevar will host George and Amal Clooney and Hillary Clinton for a    fundraiser at his home on April 15 on what will be Hillary Clinton ninth fundraising trip to California . According to Politico , couples must contribute a staggering $ 353 , 400 to sit at the head table with the Hollywood power couple and the Democrat frontrunner .   The following evening , the Clooneys are set to host Clinton Hillary Clinton a $    fundraiser at their the Clooneys City home . ( Clinton Hillary Clinton can enter to win a ticket to the event by texting CLOONEY to 47246 ) . All proceeds from both fundraisers will go toward the Hillary Victory Fund . Because the HVF is a    " joint fundraising committee " comprising multiple state party fundraising apparatuses as well as the larger Hillary for America the Hillary Victory Fund it can the HVF is a   "joint fundraising committee" comprising multiple state party fundraising apparatuses as well as the larger Hillary for America fund far more than the usual maximum individual contribution of $ 5 , 400 ( $ 2 , 700 for the primary , and $ 2 , 700 for the general ) . DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeff Katzenberg , director Steven Spielberg and his wife Kate Capshaw will    the April 16 fundraiser at the Clooney residence , along with Clinton ’s top Hollywood donor , billionaire entertainment mogul Haim Saban and his wife Haim Saban . As Politico notes , the    price for the Bay Area fundraiser is far more than Clinton usually Clinton for fundraising events . Clinton is Clinton Los Angeles Thursday for an " Evening with Hillary " event downtown , where tickets cost just $ 250 to $ 1 , 000 . Bundlers who raise $ 10 , 000 for the event can attend a private reception with the candidate . Ben Harper , Estelle and Mary J. Blige are set to perform . Clooney has been a powerful spokesman for the Clinton campaign Clinton In May , the     Hail , Casear ! star told Fusion anchor Jorge Ramos he would Jorge Ramos the    frontrunner ’s campaign in " whatever way " he could Jorge Ramos " I think she ’s Clooney tremendous candidate , Clooney told Clooney then Jorge Ramos " I know her and Clooney think the world of her . Clooney I think I would be very happy if she were Clooney . " Earlier this week , Clooney penned Clooney    letter on behalf of the Clinton campaign in which he bashed Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , though he did he use the candidate ’s name . " If you listen to the loudest voices out there today , you ’d think we ’re a country that hates Mexicans , hates Muslims , and thinks that committing war crimes is the best way to make America great again , " Clooney wrote . " The truth is that the only thing that would prevent America from America great would be to empower these voices . " Clooney was Clooney formidable fundraiser during President Obama ’s reelection campaign . A fundraiser at the actor ’s home in May 2011 brought in an astonishing $ 15 million for Obama ’s President Obama’s just one night . 
 