’   ’ "    The US locks up more of The US citizens than any other country , so    it ’s no surprise that mass incarceration and      reform have become prominent issues on the presidential campaign    trail . " ’    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has treaded    carefully on this front ,   some of the     laws from the 1980s and    1990s that contributed to mass incarceration and walking back Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton      remark calling young offenders " . " ’ ’    It has been difficult territory to navigate ; both Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton    husband , former President Bill Clinton ,   during his administration ,    particularly when the two were drumming up support for the 1994    crime bill . ’ ’    The changes introduced by the law   —    which called for severe    sentences , strict gun laws , and more police officers and prisons     —    have been widely derided in recent years as a key cause of mass    incarceration . The data shows the law   , in fact , has had   in reforming or influencing state policies . ’ ’    Clinton has now proposed numerous policy changes geared at    reducing the number of incarcerated people and facilitating    prisoners ’’ reentry into society . At the same time , her Clinton    opponent , Donald Trump , has ramped up his her Republican   opponent, Donald Trump on cracking    down on violent crime and cast himself her Republican   opponent, Donald Trump the " law and order "    candidate . ’ "    It ’s worth noting that the federal government , headed by the    president , has jurisdiction only over federal laws and prisons ,    which hold   of the US ’s estimated 2 . 2 million incarcerated    people . The White House can try to influence state and local laws    by offering or retracting funding , but the effects are often    limited . " "    Regardless , both    nominees have asserted their both   nominees positions on crime , prisons , and mass incarceration . Here ’s how    Clinton and Trump say they Clinton and Trump handle    issues . " ’   ’ ’    Even on this basic statistic that underlies most      issues , Republicans and Democrats remain split on the data . The    FBI has recorded a steady   in violent crime rates over the past decade ,       Democrats have used this to bolster their Democrats to reduce       . ’ ’   ’ ’ audience in July that       was at " historic lows . " ’ "    Republicans , however , have seized on the rising murder rate in    cities such as Chicago and asserted that President Barack Obama ’s    policies have allowed criminals to run amok . " ’    " Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now being    reversed by this administration’ ’s rollback of criminal    enforcement , " Trump said at his Trump to the Republican National    Convention . ’ ’    Trump Trump loudly spoke of " " crime rates and asserted that inner cities have    reached " record levels " of crime . But according to   violent crime across the    country remains near the bottom of a    downward trend , even    with a projected 5 . 5 % increase for 2016 . ’ ’   ’ ’    The Department of Justice appeased    advocates in    August when it   the use of private prisons for    federal inmates . An   one week earlier had declared the facilities    were less effective and more dangerous than their the facilities    counterparts . ’ ’    Private prisons have received renewed scrutiny in recent years    after reports revealed consistent problems with violence , squalid       , neglectful medical care , and overcrowding . The    Department of Homeland Security has also said it The   Department of Homeland Security review its The   Department of Homeland Security of private facilities for immigrant detainees . ’ ’    Clinton has pledged to " end "    detention facilities , and    she   Clinton    lobbyists . ’ "    Trump has   but has n’t discussed    the issue at length . " ’    " I do think we can do a lot of privatizations and private    prisons . It seems to work a lot better , " he said at a town hall    in March . ’ ’    Presidential clemency has received more attention than usual this    year after Obama began to make unprecedented use of the power . As    of September , he has Presidential clemency the sentences of 673 inmates , more    than the previous 10 presidents combined , and pardoned 70 . ’ "    Clemency can be used to pardon federal inmates or commute their    federal inmates . It ’s one of the few direct , relatively unchecked    actions    president can take in the    system , as    it bypasses It Congress and the courts . " ’    Clinton has not explicitly said whether she would Clinton    Obama’ ’s trend of granting commutations to hundreds of prisoners    at a time . Her     Clinton include " allowing current nonviolent prisoners to seek    fairer sentences , " but she typically Clinton the need to    overhaul federal    laws    place of granting    clemency . ’ ’    Trump has   and called the nonviolent drug    offenders who have been released under Obama’ ’s clemency project    " bad dudes . " ’ ’    " These are people who are out , they’’re walking the streets , " he    they’’re at a rally in August . " Sleep tight , folks . " ’ ’    Obama has concentrated his clemency Obama on inmates who were    harshly sentenced for nonviolent drug offenses during the       era of the late 1980s and early 1990s . Were they    convicted today , many of those inmates would have received    substantially    severe sentences . ’ "    Clinton ’s main focus in reducing mass incarceration has been to    overhaul    for drug offenders   —    even though as president    she would Clinton the power to influence only federal laws , not    state ones . " ’    She supports Clinton current mandatory minimum sentences for    nonviolent drug offenders , retroactively applying equal    sentencing to crack and powder cocaine offenses , and eliminating    nonviolent drug offenses from the " strike " system . ’ ’    Beyond criminal sentencing ,    reform advocates have    also    to Clinton with the hope that she would Clinton a    progressive    on federal marijuana laws and decriminalize    the drug . ’ ’   ’ ’    Clinton is Clinton favor of reclassifying marijuana to a Schedule II    substance under the Controlled Substances Act , which would    acknowledge its medical    . It is    classified as a    Schedule I elicit substance , putting it alongside substance including    heroin . ’ ’    Clinton has Clinton more wary , however , on the issue of recreational    marijuana and opted to review how the policies have fared in    states that have already legalized , such as Colorado . ’ ’    In a similar vein , Trump has said he is Trump of legalizing medical marijuana but has been    shakier on the drug’ ’s recreational use . He has Trump such policies    should be " up to the states , " but his close Trump with      —    a vocal opponent of    marijuana   —    has left marijuana advocates uneasy over whether    Trump would be lenient with the drug . ’ "    Trump also Trump n’t spoken at length on his position Trump sentencing    reform , but his     Trump suggests he    Trump favor harsher sentences and oppose efforts to    revisit    minimums . " "    With the national conversation focused largely on preventive    measures to mass incarceration , some advocates of      reform have called on lawmakers to help lower    recidivism rates and ease   ’ transitions back into    society . " ’    Clinton Clinton    should be allowed to vote and has    promised    action to " , " which would prevent questions about criminal    history being asked during the hiring of federal government    employees and contractors . Clinton Clinton also proposed a $ 5 billion    investment in reentry jobs programs for   . ’ ’    It’ ’s unclear where Trump stands Trump a " ban the box " initiative ,    but he has    out   who restore voting rights to      whom he suspects    vote Democrat . ’ ’ ’ ’    know what they just did in the state of Virginia   —    200 , 000    people that were in prison for horrible crimes are being given    the right to vote , " he told a Rhode    audience in April ,    lambasting Virginia’ ’s Democratic governor , Terry McAuliffe .    " That’ ’s    politics . Because Virginia’ ’s a very Virginia’’s state . " ’ "    The federal use of the death penalty   in the 1990s , and its modern use has   The grown increasingly at odds with its dwindling use in    state    systems . Recent reports show that states’ use of the death    penalty is declining each year   —    in part because of widespread      —    yet is   that often demonstrate    systemic failings , such as overzealous prosecutors , inadequate    defense lawyers , and racial bias and exclusion . " "    These concerns have been projected onto the federal system as    well , particularly    cases such as Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ’s , when the    convicted Boston Marathon bomber was sentenced to death by a    federal jury in Massachusetts , a state that devoutly opposes    capital punishment . " ’    Both Clinton and Trump support Clinton death Trump   the death penalty      splits Clinton her party on this Clinton , favoring a      policy while the Democratic platform endorses its abolishment . In    a memorable the Democratic platform in March , March was asked how Clinton could    justify Clinton stance on the Clinton    given mounting awareness    of . ’ ’ ’ ’    Clinton gave a meandering Clinton , saying she would " breathe Clinton    sigh of relief " if the    Court or the states eliminated the    death penalty , but she believed it should Clinton be used for those    who commit " really heinous crimes . " ’ ’    She continued : ’ Clinton    Trump appears to have Trump qualms about using the death penalty    and said last year he would sign an Trump order to   for anyone convicted of killing    police officers . ’ 
 