GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump does n’t like labels , when GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was asked by CNN ’s Anderson Cooper how Anderson Cooper would define GOP GOP whether or not he Anderson Cooper a conservative . [ " I do n’t think labels matter , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to Cooper Anderson Cooper his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on Wednesday . " What difference does it make ? I mean , who cares , I have very conservative views . "   Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on trade might not be conservative , arguing , " I want smart trade . " " The worst thing they can do is knock me out , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Cooper Anderson Cooper the Republican Party , explaining that he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump it the Republican Party voters who all want to be part of the the Republican Party Cooper Anderson Cooper asked Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump he Anderson Cooper be willing to debate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) one on one . " I do n’t think he Anderson Cooper a good debater , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump of Cruz , agreeing to debate him Anderson Cooper on one . " I think it ’s very phony . " The real estate mogul clarified that Cruz is a Cruz pretty good debater , [ but a ] bad talker . " " Everybody that ’s hit me has gone down , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " Perry came at me    …      Lindsey Graham came at me . Bush came at me , " me recalled . Bush Would n’t it be nice to have that happen to our country where we can very our win again ? " The billionaire said Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) who launched multiple attacks against Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump week , " made up insults . " " Maybe for me , it me more natural , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump about tossing insults against others . " Now , he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at the bottom of the pack . " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump talked about the " unbelievable hatred " from radical Islamic extremists . " There ’s a sickness going on that ’s unbelievable , " he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " You have to get to the bottom of it . " 
 