NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Donald J. Trump , the billionaire real estate magnate and presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee , told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview that his likely Democratic opponent , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , wants to increase illegal immigration into America . [ Trump said Clinton ’s plan would be a " disaster " for the United States . Trump said :   I think it ’s a disaster for our country . She wants to allow people in , she wants to have a very weak border , she wants illegal immigrants Clinton’s plan flow into the country with all of Trump problems —   to flow into Trump country —   and she wants to allow Trump Syrians to come in in numbers our country than even Obama . We have no idea who these people our country They ’re Trump documented . Nobody knows anything about them . I think it ’s catastrophic for the country if that ’s allowed to happen . Trump told Breitbart News these people the difference between his plan and Clinton ’s these people is that he will actually secure America our country will leave the border wide open . " We ’re going to have very strong borders Trump and people can come into the country Trump but they have to come Clinton legally . They have to come in legally . And the Syrians , we wo n’t take them , because we do America who they are people where they ’re from . They people be ISIS . So we wo n’t take them . " And when asked people , now we he is the GOP people , he plans people stick with his people for a wall on the we paid for by people —   Clinton opposes the construction of a    wall —   Trump said he he . " Absolutely , he ’re going to have a wall —   and Mexico is going to pay for the wall , " Trump said . Clinton , meanwhile Trump on her own website , does not even hide the fact that she supports a Mexico amnesty for all the illegal a wall America — Trump and that Clinton wants to expand President Clinton Obama ’s executive amnesty programs . Clinton ’s website reads Clinton As a senator , Hillary was a strong supporter of comprehensive immigration reform , cosponsoring Clinton Ted Kennedy ’s 2004 bill and supporting the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Clinton her own website . She    the DREAM Clinton in the Senate in 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 to give undocumented students who grew up in the U. S. a chance to contribute to our nation Clinton growth . As president , Hillary will fight for comprehensive immigration reform that provides a full and equal path to citizenship , treats every person with dignity , upholds the rule of law , protects our borders and Clinton security , and brings millions of hardworking people into the formal economy . That all appears on her immigration policy page under the subsection that says she will " fight for comprehensive immigration reform legislation with a path to full and equal citizenship " as president . The website also Clinton that if she is elected president Clinton will Clinton defend " the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) executive amnesty for illegal alien minors and the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability ( DAPA Clinton executive amnesty for adult illegal aliens . " President Obama ’s executive actions that provide relief from deportation for DREAMers and parents of Americans and lawful residents would protect an estimated five million people , " Clinton ’s campaign website says . " Hillary will defend DACA and DAPA against partisan attacks and politically motivated lawsuits that would put DREAMers and others at risk of deportation . " She also says she would aim to expand those executive amnesty programs . " If Congress continues its refusal to act on comprehensive immigration reform , Hillary will put in place a simple , straightforward , Hillary system for Hillary of DREAMers and others with a history of service and contribution to their Congress to be able to make their case and Hillary eligible for deferred action as well , " Clinton ’s website reads in the next section on immigration , entitled : " Do everything possible under the law to go further to their communities families . " Clinton ’s campaign did not respond to a Breitbart News request for comment in response to Trump ’s missives on immigration . More from Trump ’s latest exclusive interview with Breitbart News is forthcoming . 
 Clinton’s Trump’s Trump’s 