  ( CNN ) In his 2008 campaign , presidential candidate Barack Obama found that fiery speeches about the damaging role of special interest influence , lobbyists and the need to " change the culture in Washington " were enormously popular on the campaign trail . More recently ,    Donald Trump was even more successful in employing even more sweeping assurances about , as   Donald Trump put it , " draining the swamp . "   If only it were so easy . Unfortunately , governing is different from making promises on the campaign trail . As Obama and others have found , these particular problems     of influence peddling     are deeply entrenched . And this time , the distance between the candidate ’s promises and his actions the candidate’s is looking more like a chasm . The shock and concern about Trump ’s break with decades of US foreign policy to speak with Taiwan ’s President was compounded by the revelation that it resulted from six months and $ 140 , 000 worth of     work by former Sen. Bob Dole , now a lobbyist for the law firm Alston   Bird .   But far more than the lobbyists and insiders who make it a challenge for anyone to " drain the swamp , " it ’s Trump himself , and his massive Trump himself of investments , that threatens to torpedo his pledge Trump himself The sheer size , scale and breadth of his holdings Trump himself home and abroad is so overwhelming , it would be more surprising if at some point conflicts of interest did n’t arise .   We already have every reason to be cautious and vigilant about the influence that Trump ’s Trump himself and business partners ( particularly foreign business partners ) may have on shaping US policy his business Trump himself touch at least 18 countries that we know about . It does n’t take much imagination to see how the opportunity to use policy decisions to benefit financially might be easily rationalized . Now add Trump ’s Trump himself transparency . While all presidential candidates , including Trump , are Trump himself to file personal financial disclosure reports , those forms do n’t present a complete picture . He has said Trump himself times that he ’s worth Trump himself $ 10 billion . To verify this , we would need to see his tax returns Trump himself which , unlike all other presidential nominees of the last 40 years , he has refused Trump himself release . Nevertheless , Trump is a Trump himself , very wealthy man     worth around $ 3 . 7 billion , according to Forbes .   And like many of the    his holdings are very , very complicated . The resorts , hotels , businesses , investments and other trappings of wealth ( like homes , planes and helicopters ) are held in trusts within trusts , like Russian nesting dolls . Tough to map it all out , even for an investigative journalist or private investigator , much less the average American trying to understand where his commitments lie and to whom he might be his . And those are the " known unknowns . " What about the unknown unknowns ? Are there business commitments , debts or ethical compromises involving Trump , his companies or Trump children that Trump are completely in the dark about ?   If he is unwilling Trump divest his business or Trump everything in a blind trust , will questions about potential    continue to dog his administration and Trump from his successes ? Trump foreign governments have damaging information about his dealings that Trump would not Trump disclosed publicly information they could use foreign governments leverage in negotiations ?   If Trump refuses to fully and meaningfully divest , are Americans then forced to place trust in him completely , Trump our ability and right to verify that he is advancing Trump public and national interest ahead of his own ? Trump And what if he does divest Trump should n’t that also extend to his children ? Trump if he transfers all Trump of his conglomerate to Trump , what his children ?   He may be Trump distracted by the business , but no less partial to its success . the business very same potential for priorities that are skewed to favor Trump holdings , and the potential for those concerns to undermine US policy , will continue to exist . Trump ’s nominees Trump top government posts are raising similar concerns . Like Trump , many Trump them are multimillionaires Trump billionaires , the latest including yet another Goldman Sachs financier , Gary Cohn , for National Economic Council , and Rex Tillerson , the head of ExxonMobil , for the State Department . Everyone is focused on whether they , too Everyone will bring conflicts of interest too difficult to parse .   Are n’t all these elites , many of them major political all these elites , creatures of the swamp Trump was supposed to drain ? To make sense of all of this , we will require information ,   information that Trump has been Trump to provide . Love him or hate Trump , we Trump public pressure on Trump and his Trump to Trump transparent , and diligent probing of documents and sources by researchers and journalists ( like ours at OpenSecrets . org ) to know whether the swamp is actually getting more crowded . We think Trump must divest Trump business , Trump we ’re in We territory , so perhaps reasonable people can disagree . But one thing is certain : If Trump does not Trump , his business becomes his business . We wo n’t see any of the financial benefits , but our nation will reap the consequences nonetheless . 
 