Democrats are " absolutely freaking out " about losing Michigan as blue collar workers defect to vote Trump on Election Day , according to Donald Trump ’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller . [ " Here ’s where we ’re playing offense big league , as Donald Trump’s would say it : Michigan . Mr. Donald Trump’s been in Michigan today . He ’s Donald Trump’s Michigan tomorrow , " Miller tells Donald Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller host Matthew Boyle .   " Matt , if you and I were talking two weeks ago , or a month ago , or a month ago   …      If one of us said Hillary Clinton , Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton President Obama would all be in Michigan the day before the election , the other person would have said , you ’re nuts . You ’re absolutely insane . But that is the reality . Bill , Hillary , Obama , and President Obama ’m sure all sorts of other cast of characters will be in Michigan " on Michigan , Miller said . " Because they ’re absolutely Obama, and I out . " " We believe we Obama, and I going Obama, and I win Michigan , " Michigan continued . Miller All the energy is there . The Democrats are going to have to spend more money on TV , so they ’re clearly The Democrats out . That ’s where I think Mr. Trump can win . " Miller added that Miller Trump campaign will Mr. Trump making stops in Pennsylvania even into Election Day . " Pennsylvania , we Pennsylvania in striking distance . Virginia , we ’re in striking distance . Same thing with Wisconsin , and even Minnesota . And the one other state I ’d say is in play —   we ’re probably right about tied right now —   but that ’s New Mexico , " he said . " The reason you ’re seeing these blue states come online is because as voters are dialing in with Election Day approaching , they see this voters change message . We see all these states that have been so    by the loss of American manufacturing jobs . Where voters are saying : We want to We in a different direction , and the Clintons having abandoned any sort of pretext of positive messaging , have no response to the fact that they were the the Clintons behind all of those terrible trade deals that sent away American jobs , " Miller continued . " So we ’re feeling very good about the race . There are a lot of new pathways , and even the most hardened of media skeptics who are out there have to acknowledge now , Trump ’s got a real shot , " he said . Trump’s News Sunday airs from 7 PM to 10 PM EST every Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN :  
 