  ( CNN ) CNN political analyst Kirsten Powers pushed back against former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller on Tuesday for calling California Sen. Kamala Harris " hysterical " during CNN political analyst Kirsten Powers questioning of Attorney General Jeff Sessions . In speaking to CNN ’s Anderson Cooper about Sessions’ performance at the Senate intelligence committee hearing , former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller said the attorney general " knocked away some of the hysteria from California Sen. Kamala Harris and some of the Democrats who wanted to make this a big partisan show . " Powers Powers back at former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller , asking former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller , " How was Sen. California Sen. Kamala Harris California Sen. Kamala Harris " It did n’t seem like there was any effort to try to get to a real question or to the bottom of things , " former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller responded . " I think former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller asked a lot of questions , " Powers said . " former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller was very dogged . I would n’t say former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller was any more dogged than Sen. Ron Wyden was , would you say that ? " " I think former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller was hysterical , " former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller said . " I do n’t think Sen. Wyden was trying Sen. Ron Wyden to the bottom of answers either . " " But he was n’t hysterical , Sen. Ron Wyden was , " Powers said . " former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller was trying to shout down Attorney General Sessions and I thought it was way out of bounds , " former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller replied . " This is the second hearing in a row . " Not backing down is in Kamala Harris’ DNA , While asking Sessions about former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller refusal to answer questions Tuesday concerning conversations former Trump campaign adviser Jason Miller may have had with President Donald Trump , Harris , a California Democrat , was interrupted by Sen. John McCain of Arizona . The exchange was an almost exact repeat of last week , when McCain cut in on her Sen. John McCain of Arizona questioning of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , and committee Chairman Richard Burr told her to stop and let her answer . CNN contributor and Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord added to the fiery exchange between Powers and Miller , saying , " Hysteria is a neutral quality . "   " And yet , it ’s just women that usually are called hysterical , " Powers said . 
 Powers 