’   ’ ’CLEVELAND   —    One common theme emerged from the    Republican National Convention this week   —    stopping Hillary    Clinton . ’ ’    While the party did seem to unify around the party nominee , Donald    Trump , some of the strongest and most impassioned rhetoric    surrounded the argument that Clinton , the presumptive Democratic    presidential nominee , would be bad for the country . ’ ’    " I think it’ ’s a real problem , " Rick Tyler , veteran Republican    operative and former communications director for Texas Sen. Ted    Cruz , told Business Insider . " Slamming Hillary Clinton and    pointing out Hillary Clinton record is one thing . . .. But being against the    other candidate is not a message , and it’ ’s not a winning    strategy . " ’ "    Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton , considered a rising star within the    party and potential contender in 2020 if Trump fails to win the    White House this November , did n’t even mention Trump name    during a breakfast for Ohio delegates on Monday . And during his    speech that evening , he his Trump Trump once   —    in connection    with his his mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , who is popular    among the party ’s establishment . " ’    And while House Speaker Paul Ryan seemed reluctant to publicly    support Trump Trump even as it    clear that he House Speaker Paul Ryan win the    nomination , he House Speaker Paul Ryan made his House Speaker Paul Ryan to Clinton very clear . ’ ’    Many Republicans at the convention seemed to share that attitude . ’ ’ ’    Do I think Donald Trump is the savior of our republic ? No , " Ryan    Shinn , a Cruz supporter whose wife was a Texas delegate at the    convention , said after a Cruz event Wednesday Cruz ’ ’    " Of course not . But nor is Ted Cruz . Cruz Donald Trump have Donald Trump potential to be a great president ? Sure , absolutely . Do I    think Hillary Clinton has    potential to be the death of our    republic ? Absolutely . So I do support Donald Trump . " Donald Trump    Ned Ryun , a grassroots and conservative activism expert who    attended the convention , said voters have a " binary choice "    between Trump and Clinton in November Donald Trump ’ ’ Hillary Clinton " A lot of us have had questions , have some questions about Trump ,    but it’ Donald Trump one of those things when confronted with Hillary , it’ ’s a    binary choice it’ either or , and I’’ll take Trump over Hillary any    Donald Trump , " Hillary said . ’ ’    " It’ ’s ’ ’    think some people it’ there’ ’s a third option ,    and I just don’’t think so .    ’ "    But geopolitical expert Ian Bremmer , president of      consulting firm the Eurasia Group , pointed out in a Thursday    interview that libertarian Gary Johnson ’s support    13 %    . This could be a reflection of the    unpopularity of Trump and Clinton , who both have high negative    ratings among voters . " ’    " The worst thing that can happen in November is if Americans say ,    ’’ my voice does n’t matter . I’’m not going to vote , ’’ " Bremmer said .    " [ I]f Trump wins in this election , and I don’’t think he’ ’s going    to , but if he wins ,    will win because the    American       like it doesn’’t matter what they do . " ’ ’   ’ the average American       The divide within the Republican Party became clear Wednesday    night when Cruz , who came in second place behind Trump in the    primaries , was booed off stage after refusing to endorse Trump .    Some delegates on the floor were booing Cruz once it became    apparent he would Cruz speak    favor of Trump Cruz while others booed    when Trump Trump the arena at the end of Trump ’s speech , which    some saw Cruz ploy for attention . " "    Tyler also noted that the arena did n’t seem full enough on    the arena Trump officially won the party ’s    . " Trump    " Normally everybody wants to be in the room when the candidate is    nominated . It’ ’s like one of those    moments when you say ,    ’’ I was there when , ’’ " Tyler said . " It didn’’t seem to happen . Tyler    this is the most bizarre convention I’’ve ever been    . " ’ "    But if there ’s one thing Republicans can rally    , it ’s    defeating Clinton . " "    While    did n’t mention Trump ’s name in his breakfast speech    Monday , he   her . Trump ’    Another rising star in the GOP , Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst , did speak    out in favor of Trump at the convention , but spent more time in Trump her speech Thursday night outlining the argument against Clinton       ’    " Our country and the world of which we are a part simply can not    afford four more years of this lack of leadership    Hillary    Clinton , " Ernst said . " [ U]nfortunately , Clinton Clinton can not be    trusted . Her judgment Clinton are not suited to be sitting    Clinton the most powerful office in the world .    ’ 
 