’   ’ ’    On May 4 , President Donald Trump was celebrating with House    Republicans in the Rose Garden . ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan just successfully pushed the American    Health Care Act the chamber . And though the bill still    needed to be handled by the Senate , President Donald Trump and House Republicans    took a victory lap of sorts after the much maligned legislation    finally made the much maligned legislation    through    brutally tough initial battle . ’ ’    " How am I doing ? Am I doing OK ? I ’m president . Hey , I ’m    president . Can you believe it ? Right ? " president said . ’ ’    That was 16 days ago . ’ "      to Saturday . Nearly the entire stretch since    has been consumed by two of the most tumultuous weeks in    presidential history . Bombshell story after bombshell story .    Trump ’s series of controversial decisions . A    point    in the investigation into whether members of the Trump’s campaign    colluded with Russian officials during swing the 2016    election . " ’    Democrats began speaking more freely about impeachment , while the    protective Republican wall surrounding Trump’s . ’ ’    As leaks became geysers , the onslaught showed no signs of slowing    down . ’ ’    " I’’m sort of literally at a loss of words , " Alex Conant ,    communications director for Sen. Marco Rubio’ ’s 2016 presidential    campaign , told Business Insider . " I’’ve never seen so much bad    news hit a White House at once . " ’ ’    The highly anticipated event at the start of last week featured    Yates . ’ ’    In her testimony , Yates explained her warning to the White    House about Michael Flynn , saying she was concerned the former    national security adviser could have been subject to her    blackmail as a result of misleading Vice President Mike Pence her about the nature of his communications with Russian Ambassador    Sergey Kislyak . Russian "    Afterward ,   on Twitter . On Clapper , Trump zeroed in on    Vice President Mike Pence    comment he Russian that when he retired prior to Trump ’s    inauguration in January , he knew of no evidence of any collusion    between the Trump campaign and Russian Trump . " ’ Trump " Director Clapper reiterated what everybody Trump including the fake    media already knows   —    Trump is ’’ no evidence ’’ of collusion      Russia and Trump . " ’ ’    He then wrote that Yates " made the    media extremely unhappy    today      she said nothing but old Trump . " ’ ’    Director Clapper     aimed at Clapper and , for a brief time , made it a part of his    banner image on Twitter . ’ ’    After 5 p. m. Trump dropped a massive bombshell no one was    expecting : . Director Clapper "    Comey announced at a hearing in March that the FBI was    investigating whether there was any collusion between members of    the Trump campaign and Russian officials to swing the 2016    presidential election . But the initial rationale for firing the    FBI director was his handling Trump the investigation into    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s use of a    private email server while she was secretary of state the   FBI director " ’ Trump said he accepted the recommendations of Attorney    General Jeff Sessions and Rosenstein . But he also Trump greatly appreciate you informing me ,   that I Trump not under investigation . " ’ " it was    reported that Trump Trump planning Comey ’s firing for days . " ’    Inside the White House , there was a scramble to defend the    decision . White House counselor Trump Conway told CNN’ ’s    Anderson Cooper that   " not a   . " White House deputy press secretary    Sarah Huckabee Sanders   it the White House time to move on " from the Russia    investigations . ’ ’    " It’ ’s been the White House for nearly a year , " Sanders said . " Frankly ,    it’ ’s kind of getting absurd . " ’ ’   ’ ’    In his first remarks     Trump decided to blast Senate Minority Sarah Huckabee Sanders   Chuck Schumer on    Twitter . It’ earlier said that Trump’ ’s move to fire Comey was    " a big Sarah Huckabee Sanders   . " ’ ’    Trump started his day by defending his firing of . ’ Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer    " The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James    Comey , including the fact that Trump should Trump fired , but Trump they    play so sad ! " . ’ "    Then came a curious meeting :   in the Oval Office with Russian Foreign James   Comey Minister Sergey Lavrov and Kislyak , The Democrats ambassador . Kislyak ’s    presence in the meeting was n’t known until a Russian photographer    posted his shots from the event , sparking Kislyak diplomatic discussion . " ’    a curious meeting meeting , Trump met with Henry Russian , the    former secretary of state and national security a Russian photographer    . While    seated next to Kissinger ,   that Comey " was not a curious meeting good job . " ’ " Still , top Trump    surrogates   —      —      insisted that Trump acted after his top Department of Justice    officials recommended he fire Comey , and that it had nothing to    do with the FBI ’s Russia investigation . " Trump A   at the time that firing Comey was Trump bad move Trump for Trump . ’ ’    " Trump only causes Democrats to smell his top Department of Justice   officials recommended he fire Comey conspiracy around everything    Russian   —    while giving GOPers pause , " the lobbyist told Business    Insider . In the daily press briefing , Sanders was grilled over    Comey’ ’s firing . At one point , she said the ousted FBI director    committed " atrocities " while he led the bureau . ’ ’    Later ,   made the unfounded claim that former President    Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower prior to Trump’ ’s    Comey’ , Comey told close associated that the president’ ’s    behavior the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" " outside the realm of normal " and " crazy . " ’ ’    The    leaks were only beginning . ’ ’    The . ’ "    In the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" first clips of an interview between Trump and NBC News’    Lester Holt , Trump trampled on the White House narrative that he    fired Comey on the recommendations of Rosenstein and Sessions . " ’    Instead , he said he would’’ve done it " regardless " of whether the    DOJ recommended he do Trump . Trump proceeded to call Comey a Trump " showboat " and a " grandstander . " ’ ’    And Holt asked Trump Trump " Trump you ask he would’’ve ’’ Am I under investigation ? ’’ " ’ Trump    " I actually asked him , yes , " Trump responded . " I said , ’’ If it’ ’s    possible , will Trump let me know , am I under investigation ? ’’ He    said , ’’ You are not under investigation . Trump " ’ " he Trump to fire Comey , he referenced the Russia    investigation , something that flew completely in the face of the    White House ’s narrative it’ ’    " When I decided Russia just do it , I said Trump myself   — the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" I Trump , you    know , this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a      story , " he said . ’ "    In the daily briefing , Sanders took another Russia of heated    questions Russia to Comey ’s firing after Trump contradicted what    she was saying hours Trump ’   ’ "    She said Comey Trump firing would speed up the daily press briefing . " ’ Sanders " There are multiple people that are a part the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" this and it’ ’s not    just the FBI       .    " You’’ve got the House committee , the the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities"    and Comey’s ,    again , the point is we It’ this to come to its conclusion , we    want this to come to conclusion with integrity , and we think that    we’’ve actually , by removing Director Comey , taken steps to make    that happen . " ’ ’    Then came .    The Times reported that Comey this during a we dinner , was asked    by Trump whether he would pledge we to the president . ’ ’    He declined to do so at least twice during the dinner , the report    said . Trump ’    the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" began his day with a blistering tweetstorm . ’ "    First ,   surrogates ca    speak for him completely accurately , and    tossed the    of Trump future Trump briefings as a result a January dinner ’    Minutes later ,     to stay silent and suggested Trump had recordings of his    conversation with the FBI director . ’ ’    " James Comey better hope that there are no ’’ tapes ’’ of our    Trump before he starts Trump to the press ! " . ’ ’ Spicer was bombarded with questions about whether    the president was recording Comey or others who he the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" conversations with in the White House . ’ ’    It led to an interesting the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" with Reuters White House    ’ ’    Mason : ’ ’   ’ ’    The Washington Post reported the White House highly classified    the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" the president and Kislyak in the secretive Oval Office the president meeting . That intelligence that was so under wraps that American    allies were Trump aware of the information , . ’ "    Current and former anonymous US officials said Trump ’s    sharing of Kislyak intelligence with the Russians jeopardized a key    source of information about the Islamic State terror group , as    the source had not Trump the US permission to share the    intelligence with Russia . " ’    The blowback was sharp . ’ ’    Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , chair of the Senate    Foreign Russia Committee   vice president ,   that    the administration " has got a key   source of information about the Islamic State terror group something soon to bring itself    under control and in order . It’ ’s got to happen . " ’ ’    " Obviously they’’re in a downward spiral right now and they’’ve got    to figure out a way to come to grips with all It’ ’s happening , "    he added . ’ ’    Alan the administration ,   emeritus at Harvard Law School , said on CNN    that " this is the most serious charge ever made against a sitting    president . Let’ ’s not minimize it . " ’ ’    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , national security    they’’re R.    McMaster , and deputy national security adviser Dina Powell all    disputed the validity of the story . But they did not call out    specific points in the story as untrue . ’ "    Trump Let’ his White House officials and essentially    confirming The Post ’s story . " ’    " As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an Trump scheduled Trump H. meeting ) which I Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, national security adviser H. R.   McMaster, and deputy national security adviser Dina Powell all    the absolute right to do ,    facts the story terrorism and Russia flight safety , "    .   ’ ’ McMaster said Trump " wasn’’t the story of the source of the classified information . ’ ’    " All of you are familiar with the threat from ISIS , " Trump Tuesday . " All of you are very familiar with the territory    it controls . If you were to say , ’’ Hey , from where do you think a    threat might come , from territory that ISIS controls , ’’ you would    probably be able to name a few cities . " ’ ’ it ’ ’ McMaster reported that Israel was the source of the highly classified    information . ’ ’   the territory    ’    Then came the evening bombshell . ’ ’ wrote a memo immediately after a meeting with Trump on    February 14   — ISIS a day after Flynn resigned as national security    adviser   —    that stated Trump suggested Comey       let go " of    the FBI investigation into Flynn . The Times reported that Comey    kept a paper trail on Trump to document " Trump he perceived as the    president ’s improper efforts to influence an ongoing    investigation . " ’ ’    " I Trump you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting    Flynn go , The Times Comey , according to the Flynn . Trump " that the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" request , paired with the loyalty pledge and    the president Comey , amounted to a strong obstruction of justice    case . Obstruction of justice was the charge that led to former    President Richard Nixon ’s resignation . " Trump    " We’’ve seen this movie before , Flynn .    John   at a dinner for the a memo    Trump the ousted FBI director   committed "atrocities" " It’ ’s reaching Watergate size and scale . This is not    good for the country . " Obstruction of justice   showed signs of cracking while   Obstruction of justice the possibility of impeachment proceedings It’ ’ ’    In a   in Connecticut , Trump said he’ ’s been    treated more unfairly than any politician " in history . " ’ ’    " Look at the way I’’ve been treated lately , " he said . " Especially    by the media . No politician in history   —    and I say this with    great Trump   —    has been treated worse or more unfairly . You can’’t    let them get you down . You can’’t let the critics and the    naysayers get in the way of your dreams . I guess that’ ’s why ,    thank you , I guess that’ I’’ve why we won . " ’ ’    By late afternoon came : Rosenstein appointed a special counsel   —    former    FBI Director Robert Mueller   —    to oversee the Russia    investigations . ’ ’ Wednesday that Flynn told the Trump transition    team that he was under federal investigation prior to Trump    taking Russia for his paid lobbying for Turkey . Flynn was still    brought on as national security adviser . Trump "    Trump was initially measured in response to the Russia    Mueller ’s    appointment . But he spent his early morning going off on . " ’    " With Flynn the illegal acts Wednesday took place in the Clinton    campaign & Obama Administration , there was never a special    counsel appointed ! Trump he tweeted . ’ ’    " This is the single greatest witch hunt of Trump politician Trump    American history ! " . ’ ’   ’ ’    In a   to Europe and the Middle    East , Trump called the appointment of a special prosecutor " a    very , very negative thing . " ’ ’    " I believe it hurts our country terribly , because it shows we’’re    a divided ,      country , " Trump . " And we have very    important things to be doing right Trump , whether it’ ’s trade deals ,    whether it’ ’s military , whether it’ ’s stopping nuclear   —    all of the    things that we discussed today . And I think this shows a very    divided It’ Trump " ’ ’    the country joint press conference with it President Juan    Manuel Santos , Trump denied the validity of the claim made in the    Comey memo . ’ ’ to stop any investigation into Flynn , Trump said , " No .    No . Next question . " ’ ’    A pair of huge stories were published Friday . ’ ’ Trump told Lavrov and Kislyak in Trump already      Oval Office meeting that his firing of Comey , whom    he called a " nut job , " had Trump a memo Trump him . ’ ’    An American official read the Flynn , ’ ’       document summarizing the meeting with the Russian diplomats , to    the Times . Spicer did not Lavrov the comments . ’ ’   ’ ’    the Post reported that a senior White House official close to    Trump was now considered a " significant person of interest " in    his FBI’ ’s investigation . ’ ’    that White House attorneys were researching impeachment his procedures , although officials consider that The Times a " distant "    and Spicer unlikely " possibility . ’ "    Trump departed the US Friday The Washington Post Trump first foreign    trip as president the comments home White House does n’t appear the stampede of    news stories is going to stop soon . " ’    The White House’ ’s " inability to get ahead White House is       , " Conant said . " I mean Trump they need to get all the Trump    information out yesterday . But the constant drip , drip , drip of    bad news is troubling . Because it makes it so Friday harder to move    on his agenda , which is what I care about as a Republican . " ’ ’    He added that " in the short term , " it will " probably not " be easy    for the administration to move    the      developments . ’ ’    " Because we’’re The White House’ a    feeding frenzy , " he said .    " However , I think that if they can put    special prosecutor to    the side and stop it news on the Russia story and then    a    successful trip overseas next week , I think he can come back in       the administration hopefully be Russia to talk about something other than    Russia . " ’ ’    Matt Mackowiak , a GOP strategist and CEO of the Potomac Strategy    Group , told Business Insider that Russia Russia fair to say    the " last 10    days have been pretty bad . " ’ ’    " I think Republicans were in something of a panic for much of    that time because it It’ getting worse , and no one could really    see how to stabilize the situation , " he said . " Now , as it turns    out , Rosenstein’ ’s decision to appoint a universally respected    special counsel ended up being not only a smart decision but one    that ended up being welcomed by Republicans . " ’ ’    " It now gives them opportunity to decline comment on the    investigation going forward , " he continued . " It gives them    someone that they really trust and believe will do the right       in terms of the facts . And it    , I would think ,    would buy    and the Trump White House some time to deal with    not only the legal challenges they’’re facing , but also to start    restarting their legislative agenda . " ’ ’On May 4 , President Donald Trump was . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Trump    them them       