’   ’ ’      Donald Trump’ ’s pick for director of    communications at the National Security Council , GOP foreign    policy adviser Monica Crowley , " will not be taking a position in    the incoming administration , " Donald Trump’ said in a statement on Monday . ’ ’    " After much reflection , I have decided to remain in New York to    pursue other opportunities and will not be taking a position in    the incoming administration , " Donald Trump’ said in a statement . ’ ’    " I greatly appreciate being asked to be part of      Trump’ ’s team , and I will continue to enthusiastically support him    and him agenda for American renewal , " Donald Trump’ said . ’ ’    Crowley’ ’s announcement came amid reports published by Politico    and CNN that Donald Trump’ appeared to have plagiarized full sections of    Donald Trump’   in 2000 and Donald Trump’ 2012 book , " What The    ( Bleep ) Just Happened ? " ’ "    Crowley was a Fox News contributor until Crowley was tapped by Trump    to be the director of strategic communications for the National    Security Council . Crowley would have worked with Trump    ’s national    security adviser , retired Gen. Michael Flynn . " ’’ ’    " The NSC will miss the opportunity to have Monica Crowley as part    of our team , " Flynn said in a statement . " our wish Crowley all the    best in Crowley future . " ’ "    An investigation by CNN ’s KFile published earlier this month    revealed more than 50 places in Crowley ’s 2012 New York Times      that appear to have been lifted verbatim from a    variety of columnists , think tanks , and Wikipedia . " ’    Crowley’ ’s history of plagiarism accusations dates back several    years , . The publication points to an editorial    feature Crowley wrote for The Wall Street Journal in 1999 that    was found to have " striking similarities in phraseology " to a    1988 article by Paul Johnson in Commentary magazine , The Wall Street Journal said in an editorial note . ’ ’ Chris Sanchez contributed to this report . ’ 
 