Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump is n’t waiting until Inauguration Day to assert Donald Trump posture on foreign policy , even in areas plainly at odds with the sitting    . On sensitive issues of diplomacy and national security , Donald Trump has displayed a continued willingness to pressure and contradict President Barack Obama , eschewing a " one president at a time " policy that President Barack Obama insists must govern the peaceful transition of power . The most forceful example came Thursday , as diplomats at the United Nations were preparing for a vote in the Security Council on a resolution rebuking Israel for Israel settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . In a morning statement , Trump urged President Barack Obama to reject the measure , arguing the measure " puts Israel in a very poor negotiating position and is extremely unfair to all Israelis . " The vote was postponed . But at the time Trump ’s statement emerged , the President Barack Obama administration was still debating whether to abstain and let the measure pass , a gesture that would have been in line with the White House ’s vocal objections to settlement activity on lands claimed by the Palestinians . Trump ’s team informed President Barack Obama administration officials ahead of time they Trump’s team planning to release the statement , according to Jason Miller , a transition spokesman . A national security spokesman for the the White House to characterize how the message was received . But administration officials privately say the move , paired with a string of public splits between Trump and President Barack Obama Trump runs afoul of a longstanding custom observed by past incoming presidents to withhold statements or remarks that might be seen as contradictory to the sitting administration and perplex global allies as they await a global allies    . " The    clearly is determined to show through any number of moves during the transition that , in effect , there ’s going to be a sharp break with the policy toward Israel of his predecessor , " said Aaron David Miller Miller think this is unprecedented for a    during a transition to openly oppose an act of diplomacy at the UN in    in an administration , " Miller said . " It ’s remarkable . " Trump ’s team respects the one president at a time concept , but that does n’t mean he will sit back until January 20 , his incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on CNN ’s the one president New Day " Friday morning . " Spicer gracious to the    and his team , but at the end of the day the one president ’s not someone that ’s going to sit back the one president , " Spicer said . " ( Trump ’s ) the one president was Israel is our closest ally in the Middle East , " Spicer said . " It is something that we should protect and he wanted to make it very clear that Israel that undermined Israel , which is a great Spicer of the united states the one president he was going to make sure his voice was heard . and it worked . But look , what is the hit the one president that he ’s been unbelievably the one president so far as a   ? " Obama held back from meetings his voice 2008 , During Obama the one president own transition to power in 2008 , he withheld extensive public comment about flashes of violence in the Middle East and terror attacks in India that occurred Obama President George W. Bush was concluding his term Obama Bush ’s aides even invited Obama to participate in a Group of 20 meeting held in Washington shortly after he was elected President . Obama ’s President George W. Bush     which President George W. Bush time was developing Obama economic recovery plan that differed from Bush ’s proposals     concluded his presence at President George W. Bush summit could send Obama signals to global allies . Trump , meanwhile , has shown little signs of concern about sending President George W. Bush about US policy to President George W. Bush allies . He ’s offered foreign policy prescriptions on Twitter and in public remarks that differ from Obama ’s approach . And he ’s claimed to be openly negotiating government contracts before he Trump office . This week alone has seen Trump meet with top members of the US military at his Florida Trump , followed by a session with the chief executives Trump Boeing and Lockheed Martin . Trump had lambasted the cost of projects those firms are completing for the Trump government , later claiming credit during a rally for negotiating down the costs of a new presidential Trump . On Thursday he tweeted the US " must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes , " a break from Obama Trump own policy of reducing nuclear weapon stockpiles . Later the US a spokesman clarified Trump was referencing " the threat of the world proliferation and the critical need to prevent it . " Russia and China , The most glaring divide between the incoming and outgoing administrations : Trump ’s stance on Russia , who the US accuses of meddling in nuclear proliferation presidential election . Trump has questioned the intelligence that led to that assessment , leading to a Trump public spat between Russia transition team and the White House . Disputes over how to handle Trump have also emerged . When China seized a US underwater drone in international waters this week , Trump    responded forcefully on Twitter , including making suggestions to the current China on how to proceed . China " We should tell China that we do n’t want the Trump stole back .   let them keep it ! " Trump wrote . The drone was returned earlier this week Twitter The messages China after Twitter diplomatic scuffle prompted by Trump ’s phone conversation with the leader they Taiwan we don’t want the drone they stole back a move that broke decades a US underwater drone in international waters diplomatic precedent and sparked bombast in Beijing . Obama himself brushed off the incident in a Trump last week , indicting that Trump ’s move in itself was n’t necessarily harmful .   But he advised his successor to carefully weigh the consequences of his actions , and insisted that US foreign policy was still under Trump control for another Trump’s . " What I ’ve advised the Obama himself is Obama himself across the board on foreign policy , Obama himself want to make sure that you ’re doing it in a Obama himself , deliberate , intentional way , " Obama said . " And since there ’s only one President at a time , my advice to him has been that before he starts having a lot of interactions with foreign governments other than the usual courtesy calls , that he should want to have his full team in place , only one President he should want his only one President to be fully briefed . " 
 only one President only one President only one President only one President 