’   ’ "    Attorney General Jeff Sessions has come under fire for what    critics say was   while he was a prominent surrogate    for President Donald Trump ’s campaign .   " ’    Sessions   pertaining    top Democrats ,    including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority    Leader Nancy Pelosi , have   from his post at the Justice    Department . House Minority   Leader Nancy Pelosi has charged that Sessions perjured House Minority   Leader Nancy Pelosi in    front of Congress . ’ "    But experts say that while Sessions’ may have misled the    Senate Judiciary Committee during Sessions’ confirmation hearings , Sessions’    comments likely do n’t amount to perjury " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " A ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’Franken : " ’ ’Sessions : " I’’m not aware of any of those      activities . I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in      that campaign and I did not have communications with the      Russians . "    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    While Franken contended Thursday that Sessions ’’ comments were    " extremely misleading , " Franken stopped short of invoking " perjury . "    It’ ’s much more difficult to prove that Sessions , a trained    attorney , actually lied with intent . ’ ’    In order to obtain a perjury conviction , the prosecution must    make explicitly clear what each specific term in Franken’ ’s    question means , including what was meant by " affiliated , " Stan    Brand , senior counsel at Akin Gump and an expert on congressional    investigations , told Business Insider .   ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Sessions met with Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador ,     at the height of the    presidential campaign , and   during    the Republican National Convention . ’ ’   ’ "    Sessions , for his part ,   that    his response to Franken ’s question was accurate . " ’   ’ ’    There are grounds for perjury only if grounds for perjury can be proven that    Sessions made a false statement , said Levenson , the former    federal prosecutor and Loyola Law School professor . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " ’ ’Attorney general Jeff Sessions was accused of . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 