  ( CNN ) Ahmad Khan Rahami , the suspect in this weekend ’s New York City and New Jersey terrorist attacks , is in many ways quite typical of jihadist terrorists in the United States since   .   He is an American citizen , not a foreigner , a refugee or a recent immigrant .   That is overwhelmingly the profile of the approximately 360 jihadist terrorists who have been indicted or convicted in the United States since    of crimes ranging in seriousness from sending small sums of money to an overseas terrorist organization to murder .   According to research by New America , 80 % of these militants are American citizens or legal permanent residents .   They 80% of these militants also not the young hotheads of popular imagination . Their 80% of these militants age is 28 , a third are married and a third have children . Rahami , age 28 , is married and has a daughter . FBI Assistant Director William Sweeney said Monday there is no evidence that Rahami was part of a cell , which also makes him FBI Assistant Director William Sweeney a typical American terrorist . Every lethal terrorist attack since    has been carried out by a    " lone wolf " or a pair of terrorists who were not part of a larger cell . Indeed , in many ways Rahami Rahami almost exactly like Omar Mateen , who killed 49 at an Orlando nightclub in June . Mateen was a     married father and an American citizen of Afghan descent born in New York who carried out his Mateen by himself Mateen The bomb that went off in the Chelsea neighborhood this past weekend , injuring 29 , is the first jihadist terrorist attack in Manhattan since   .   Similarities to Boston bombing , The bomb device in Chelsea was almost identical to those used in the Boston Marathon attacks three years ago . Pressure cookers were used to house the devices shrapnel was added to increase the lethality of the charges , and Christmas lights were used to initiate the explosions , according to law enforcement officials . Terrorist groups have posted these recipes online . Just as is often the case in school shootings , jihadist terrorists also study previous attacks and it previous attacks interesting to note the close match between the Boston bombs and the device used in Chelsea . Adding to the similarities to the Boston Boston , a pipe bomb in Seaside , New Jersey , that Rahami is believed to have planted also targeted a running event , a Marine Corps charity run , but the the device used in Chelsea n’t injure anyone when it detonated the device used in Chelsea Saturday . Also , a notebook used by Rahami had Rahami about the Boston bombers . Of course , a major difference with the Boston Marathon bombing is that Rahami did Rahami succeed in killing his victims Rahami Unlike the Boston the Boston Marathon Rahami did Rahami place his bomb Rahami on the street in Chelsea where it could inflict significant his bomb , but instead put his inside Rahami dumpster , which largely contained the blast .   This was a rookie error . Rahami also Rahami the    bomb ingredient HMTD , which is rarely used by terrorists because it is both unstable and not as powerful as another    explosive , TATP .    The US Department of Homeland Security says that one of the few terrorists in the States to have tried to launch an    attacks is Ahmed Ressam , an Algerian    member living in Canada . Ressam built an    bomb in Canada that he planned Canada detonate Ressam Los Angeles International Airport in December 1999 . Ressam was arrested at Ressam U. S. border crossing before he could carry out Ressam plan . Terrorists Ressam been more successful with the more powerful    bomb TATP , which was used in the London transportation bombings in 2005 in which    directed suicide attackers killed 52 commuters . Najibullah      Rahami also a US citizen of Afghan      also trained by al Qaeda in Pakistan in 2009 to build    bombs and , together with two American friends that he had grown up Najibullah     Rahami in Queens , New York . Zazi planned to detonate these bombs in the bombs around the eight anniversary of the    attacks . Luckily , a tip from British intelligence led to the uncovering of Zazi and his two    Zazi days before they planned to launch their British intelligence . The big British intelligence Why ? The fact that Rahami almost perfectly fits the profile of an American jihadist terrorist does n’t , of course , answer the big question : Why would The big question murder complete strangers in the Rahami that he had grown up in ? So far Rahami ’s precise motivations are still murky , Rahami ’s telling that in the notebook that he Rahami he made notations about the American jihadist Rahami Anwar Rahami who , until he was killed in a CIA drone strike in Rahami , was a key leader of al Qaeda in Yemen . Lost in the intense coverage of the    threat in the States is the continuing importance of Awlaki , whose sermons and writings about   the importance of jihad have appeared in 99 jihadist terrorism cases since    according   to New America ’s research . Awlaki was killed in a drone strike in Yemen in 2011 , but killing the man turned out to be easier than killing his ideas since his death   ’s writings and the man have turned the man in 58 terrorism cases in the United States . For the book " United States of Jihad : Investigating America ’s Homegrown Terrorists , " I reviewed court the United States in hundreds of terrorism cases and spoke to family members and friends of terrorists , as well as to some of the militants themselves . American jihadists are generally motivated by a mix of factors , including dislike of U. S. foreign policy in the Muslim world . For many , embracing the ideology of Osama bin Laden or ISIS allowed them to become the heroes of their own story Osama bin Laden or ISIS well as actors in a Osama bin Laden or ISIS crusade . For others a " cognitive opening " to militant Islam , was often precipitated by a personal disappointment or loss . For each individual terrorist the proportion of these motivations varied .   Take the Boston Marathon bombers who Rahami seemed to have emulated . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , one of the two brothers who carried out the marathon bombing was a    Muslim who only became an Islamist militant once his dreams of becoming an Olympic boxer faded . a   Muslim who only became an Islamist militant the time of the attack , he was unemployed .   On the other hand a   Muslim who only became an Islamist militant his younger brother Dzhokhar never seemed to embrace militant a   Muslim who only became an Islamist militant . He smoked marijuana , drank , and chased girls his younger brother Dzhokhar   These stories of the two Boston Marathon bombers underline how hard it is to satisfactorily answer the question of why terrorists try to kill complete strangers . Purely homegrown or trained overseas ? Now that Rahami is in custody , law enforcement will have a number of questions : Is he a purely " homegrown " terrorist , or his younger brother Dzhokhar he trained overseas in Afghanistan or Pakistan , countries his younger brother Dzhokhar visited often ? Was the attack   ? his younger brother Dzhokhar so , is there any indication Rahami was in direct touch with members of ISIS Rahami encrypted communications ? Or was he inspired or directed by some other jihadist group his younger brother Dzhokhar in the    region , such as al Qaeda or the Taliban ? Faisal Shahzad , an American citizen who had once worked at the Elizabeth Arden cosmetic company in Connecticut , was trained by the Pakistani Taliban in 2009 to carry out a car bomb attack in Manhattan . Luckily , he received only five days training and the bomb his younger brother Dzhokhar in a SUV that Shahzad parked a car bomb attack in Manhattan Square on a busy Saturday night on May 1 , 2010 did n’t detonate properly .    This was the last time that a terrorist who had been trained by a foreign terrorist organization attempted to carry out an attack in the United States , and since then we have seen attacks or attempted attacks in the States carried out only by " homegrown " terrorists the United States was the case this past weekend when Dahir Adan stabbed 10 people in a Minnesota mall . According to an American counterterrorism official , Adan had also grown up in the States . Adan was Dahir Adan adopted by ISIS as a the United States " of Dahir Adan    caliphate , the same nomenclature it used to describe Mateen ISIS his attack in Orlando . Similarly ISIS embraced the perpetrator of the Mateen in July in Nice , ISIS , that killed 84 his attack in Orlando a " soldier " of the caliphate . There is no evidence these previous attacks tied to ISIS in any way other than that the terrorist group supplied some degree ISIS inspiration for them , previous attacks it only claimed responsibility for them after previous attacks fact . ISIS may also opportunistically the terrorist group Rahami as one Rahami its soldiers . Political ISIS , There is already political fallout from the ISIS Chelsea . On an   attacks presidential nominee Donald Trump told Fox that such attacks would proliferate " because we ’re allowing these people to come into our country and destroy our country and make it unsafe for people the country    In fact the country is a Rahami American citizen who arrived in the States around age 7 . Friends describe him as very Rahami , which is not surprising the United States fact he has lived Rahami the States for the past two decades . And this is precisely the challenge US law enforcement faces the United States the fact that the FBI says it is conducting 1 , 000 investigations of suspected Islamist militants in all 50 states , by the law of the FBI terrorists using    weapons such as pressure bombs or legally acquired semiautomatic weapons will occasionally slip below the radar . ( While initially officials said Rahami was not Rahami to law enforcement for his militant views or actions , his father says he called the FBI two years ago when his son acted out violently . )   Going his there were his be the FBI Rahami who will Rahami out his father terrorist attacks . Because they are American citizens , barring immigrants from Muslim countries or places where terrorism is endemic will do nothing to stem this problem .   These jihadist militants are already here . 
 