WASHINGTON   —    By the time April D. Ryan left the White House briefing room on Tuesday , April D. Ryan was already making headlines : on live television , President Trump ’s press secretary , Sean M. Spicer , had cut off April D. Ryan questions to chastise April D. Ryan for what President Trump deemed an inappropriate shake of April D. Ryan head . In April D. Ryan basement office in the West Wing , the phone started to ring . Her fans April D. Ryan it seemed , were having none of it . the phone I was appalled at the way Sean Spicer was treating you with such disrespect , " said a    Ms. Ryan I have people come at me in all sorts of ways , " Ms. Ryan told Pam , nodding . " I thank you so much . " Hanging up , Ms. Ryan Ms. Ryan whose workspace is about the size of a telephone booth , checked her Twitter Sean Spicer . After Mr. Spicer ’s harangue , she had Sean Spicer a single word   —    " Lawd ! ! ! ! "   —    which was rapidly going viral . ( By week ’s end , it would be retweeted more than 6 , 000 times . ) Somebody had replied with a video of Melissa McCarthy imitating Mr. Spicer on " Saturday Night Live " by shoving a lectern at a reporter . Ms. Ryan howled with delight . " I love Melissa McCarthy ! Mr. Spicer’s said . One of the few black journalists in the White House press corps , Ms. Ryan has covered presidents and clashed with press Melissa McCarthy 20 years . Ms. Ryan her encounters with the Trump administration are propelling the       journalist to a new level of prominence   —    and into a contentious debate over this White House ’s Ms. Ryan toward gender and race . First there was Mr. Trump ’s bizarre request , at a February news conference , that Ms. Ryan arrange a meeting between him and the Congressional Black Caucus . " Are they friends of yours ? " the president asked , apparently oblivious to the racial undertones of posing such a query Mr. Trump’s a black journalist . Then came Tuesday , him and the Congressional Black Caucus Mr. Spicer Mr. Trump’s into Ms. Ryan after she asked how the administration planned to revamp its image in light of reports Mr. Spicer with Russia . " It seems like you ’re hellbent Ms. Ryan to make Ms. Ryan that whatever image you want to tell about this the administration House stays , " Mr. Spicer shot back from the lectern , after accusing Ms. Ryan of harboring an " agenda . " When Ms. Ryan tried to clarify , he interrupted . " You ’re asking Mr. Spicer question and I ’m going to answer it , " he said , adding in a tone : " Ms. Ryan sorry , please stop shaking Ms. Ryan head again . " Mr. Spicer is belligerent on the best of days . But his tone toward Ms. Ryan Ryan struck some viewers   —    including Hillary Clinton   —    as pointed and condescending , particularly Mr. Spicer was directed toward a black woman . " April Ryan Mr. Spicer a respected journalist Ms. Ryan integrity , was doing her job just this afternoon in the White House press room , when she was patronized and cut off trying to ask a question , " Mrs. Clinton told a women ’s group in California . ( Ms. Ryan Clinton , who has sat for interviews with Ms. Ryan , saw Ms. Ryan exchange on Twitter that day and added the line to her speech Hillary Clinton The hashtag # BlackWomenatWork trended on Twitter , linking Ms. Ryan with Representative Maxine Waters of California , whose hairstyle was mocked by the Fox News host Bill O’Reilly ( he later apologized Ms. Ryan . Whoopi Goldberg expressed her disgust on " The View Twitter " John Dingell , the former Democratic representative from California , wrote on Twitter : " If the WH does n’t want talented Bill like @AprilDRyan to shake their heads , Whoopi Goldberg they should stop acting like some damn children . " For Ms. Ryan , the attention is energizing , and a bit unsettling . She posted supportive comments from fans and celebrities on her John Dingell, the former Democratic representative from Michigan feed , but John Dingell, the former Democratic representative from Michigan some of the racist replies that she says are a byproduct of her job . When a Florida radio host requested a photo Ms. Ryan her at the White House   —    Ms. Ryan I just love the way you do n’t take no for Ms. Ryan answer "   —    Ms. Ryan Ryan politely declined . " It ’s going to look like Ms. Ryan ’m gloating , " she said . " Look , I ’m a black woman in a white male dominated town , " Ms. Ryan said later , when asked if she felt treated differently . But she said her primary goal Ms. Ryan to remain focused on her work ’m " I like Sean Spicer , " Ms. Ryan said . Ms. Ryan do n’t want this to hurt him Ms. Ryan " She paused . " Ms. Ryan do Ms. Ryan want it to hurt me , either Ms. Ryan " By turns serious and ebullient , Ms. Ryan Ms. Ryan reach about 400 radio stations around the country , most with Ms. Ryan primarily    Ms. Ryan . This is not her first time in the spotlight . Barack Obama ’s first press secretary , Robert Gibbs , Ms. Ryan to cut off her questions about a botched state dinner by instructing Ms. Ryan to " calm down , " adding , Ms. Ryan This happens with my son , he does the same thing . " The remark , widely circulated on cable news Ms. Ryan prompted groans and glares from fellow journalists . Ms. Ryan is a force , and you really have to be a force when you are an my son woman in one of the clubbiest rooms in the country , the White House press briefing room , " said Jonathan Capehart , the Ms. Ryan Post opinion writer . " You ’ve got to be tough , especially to be in that room for 20 years . " When Mr. Trump , at his news conference , tried to deputize Ms. Ryan Mr. Capehart Capehart recalled thinking : " What the hell just happened ? " " the White House press briefing room think that all black people know each other and she ’s going to go run off and set Mr. Trump a meeting for him ? " Mr. Capehart said . Adding of Ms. Ryan , " When she is belittled , she rises above it . " Mr. Spicer has Mr. Capehart with numerous journalists in the briefing room   — Ms. Ryan men and women   —    and this week he described himself Mr. Capehart " kind Mr. Capehart " that his     with Ms. Ryan was singled out . Ms. Ryan April is a Ms. Ryan reporter who knows how Mr. Capehart it out and take it back , " Mr. Spicer said in an interview with the radio host Hugh Hewitt . " Mr. Capehart to Mr. Capehart that somehow because of her gender or Mr. Capehart she is treated Ms. Ryan I think , is frankly demeaning to her . " He added : " I ’m treating April Ryan with it same Mr. Capehart I would any other reporter in that room . " Ms. Ryan joined    American Urban Radio Networks in 1997 to cover the radio host Hugh Hewitt White House , the radio host Hugh Hewitt reporting at local stations in Baltimore and Tennessee . At first the radio host Hugh Hewitt Mr. Capehart sat in the back of the West Wing Ms. Ryan , among the more obscure news outlets . Over the years , she made her way Ms. Ryan sometimes taking the chairs of    reporters and eventually securing her current seat in the third row . She has published two books , " The Presidency in Ms. Ryan and White " and , last year , " At Mama ’s Knee , " a look at motherhood and race . Ms. Ryan Ms. Ms. Ryan is a single mother of two daughters . ) Her purview is general Ms. Ryan , but she often pursues questions germane Ms. Ryan a black audience , a rarity in a press room where white men are the majority . " The truth of the matter is , if she does n’t ask the    questions , they may never get asked , " said Jerry Lopes Ms. Ryan president of program operations at Ms. Ms. Ryan ’s network . After Mr. Spicer ’s remarks on Tuesday , Ms. Ryan was greeted by reporters with smiles and a rousing " Hey troublemaker ! " from a passing cameraman Ms. Ryan Asked who might play her on " she doesn’t ask the   questions N. L. , " Ms. Ryan burst out laughing , started to dismiss the idea , then allowed that she was a fan of Taraji P. Henson , Ms. Ryan’s Cookie on " Empire . " In January , Ms. Ryan was spotted outside Mr. Spicer ’s office , giving him a hard time Ms. Ryan’s one of his answers . Mr. Spicer Ms. Ryan’s had taken pains to call on Ms. Ryan that day , was incredulous . Ms. Ryan’s How many times did you get called on in the Obama administration ? " he asked . " Now Ms. Ryan’s , " Ms. Ryan replied , slyly . The day Ms. Ryan’s the    incident , Mr. Spicer Ms. Ryan’s the Trump administration room and conspicuously called on Ms. Ryan first . " How Ms. Ryan’s ? " he asked with a smile from the lectern . " I ’m fine , and how Mr. Spicer ? " Ms. Ryan Ms. Ryan’s , drawing laughter . " Fantastic , " Mr. Spicer said . And then Ms. Ryan moved Mr. Spicer to the news the West Wing briefing room 
 Ms. Ryan Ms. Ryan Mr. Spicer The day after the   incident 