Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     11 . 20 : Even if Donald Trump wins the GOP nomination , the general election is going to be tough : New @NBCNews poll : 51 % of voters " scared " of Donald Trump nomination . @chucktodd joins us now # NBCNightlyNews pic . twitter .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) February 26 , 2016 ,   10:26 : Mexico ’s former president is being driven up the wall by Donald Trump , who now says Donald Trump reminds Mexico’s former president of Adolf Hitler . New @NBCNews poll : 51 % of voters " scared " of Donald Trump nomination . @chucktodd joins us now # NBCNightlyNews pic . twitter .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) February 26 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Donald Trump says , " how about if I do n’t do the next debate ? " Donald Trump says Donald Trump will , though . the next debate is Fox News’   Kelly ’s . Donald Trump says the networks should donate some of the proceeds to vets . Donald Trump also says that because of Donald Trump , the debates are ridiculous and have become the " Super Bowl of cable television . " Donald Trump says Donald Trump can recite what everyone is going to say and even jokes that Donald Trump knows Carson will justifiably complain that Donald Trump is not getting enough air time .    7:55 : After it takes a bit of time for a protester to be removed , Donald Trump says " in the good old days , law enforcement acted a lot quicker . " Donald Trump says Donald Trump loves the police but " they are the police to move " because they want the police keep their jobs the police not lose their pensions the police Donald Trump says " everybody is politically correct " and " our country America to hell . " Donald Trump says America is becoming a " frightened country and it ’s very America very sad . "    Donald Trump says waterboarding is " just fine " and " if you want to go a step above —   or two or three steps above —   " then that ’s fine too . "    7:42 : Donald Trump also says Rubio had a " credit card problem " in Florida . This may be the first time Donald Trump has brought up Rubio ’s   Rubio credit card problem " after vowing last week that he would hit Rubio at Rubio if Rubio Rubio to Rubio him . He Rubio Rubio Rubio " Rubio from the Republican Party " and " having his driveway done Rubio all of this " on the Florida GOP ’s credit card . Donald Trump says " the man doing the investigation is furious " because " they are not listening to Donald Trump " and maybe Donald Trump should interview Donald Trump . Donald Trump says it will be " embarrassing " if Donald Trump beats Cruz in Texas and Rubio in Florida . 7:37 : Donald Trump says Donald Trump is    Donald Trump campaign and blasts Rubio for buying a house for having $ 178 , 000 and selling it to a a house for $ 389 , 000 while Donald Trump had legislation before Donald Trump . 7:35 : In Oklahoma , Donald Trump blasts " little Marco " for for " sweating " profusely and not being " presidential . " Donald Trump is trying to make the " choker " label stick and stories like this wo n’t help Rubio : But to those who have known him longest , Rubio ’s flustered Rubio night fit perfectly with an     strain of his personality , one Rubio his handlers and    Rubio labored for years to keep out of public view . Though generally seen as    and quick on his feet , Rubio Rubio known to Rubio , allies , and advisers for a kind of incurable anxiousness   —    and an occasional propensity to panic in moments of crisis , both real and imagined . This jittery restlessness has manifested itself throughout Rubio ’s This jittery restlessness , Rubio school football games in Miami to    policy fights in Washington   —    and in some ways , it ’s been the driving force in his rapid political rise . Rubio : Trump dominant in Super Tuesday states : . @marcorubio : " [ @realDonaldTrump ’s ] been exploiting working Americans for forty years . " @BretBaier pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) February 26 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Top Christie backer Ken Langone tells the Wall Street Journal that he thinks Trump will change Ken Langone for the better as president . Ken Langone , the billionaire Home Depot founder who was Mr. Christie ’s top fundraiser Top Christie Trump would be a great president Trump though he personally was backing Ohio Gov. John Kasich Trump " I think if Trump is going to become president , things Trump going to change and for the better , " he said . " I ’m not concerned Trump the least . For Chrissake , we had eight years of this guy [ President Barack Obama ] . If I was going to be concerned , I should have been concerned eight years ago . [ President George W. ] Bush was no prize either . " 6:25 : GOP establishment    Fred Malek ‘ disappointed’ Christie endorsed Trump : " I have a high regard of Gov. Christie and always thought he was a straight shooter . But I Gov. Christie a sharp difference of opinion with him . I ’m disappointed , " Malek Gov. Christie Mashable . " It changes the Fred Malek very quickly and suddenly and certainly not in a direction that I think is a good idea . " 6:22 : Fox News chyron : Rubio : Trump Is a Clown , . @marcorubio : " [ @realDonaldTrump ’s ] been exploiting working Americans for forty years . " @BretBaier pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) February 26 , 2016 ,   6:20 : Rubio trailing Trump in Rubio ’s home state on all Trump : Rubio support by most important issue among # Florida Republican likely primary voters # Election2016 # FLpoll pic . twitter .    —    Quinnipiac Poll ( @QuinnipiacPoll ) February 26 , 2016 ,   6:13 : Christie Endorsement Hurt Rubio in betting markets , Political Prediction Market : Marco Rubio ’s odds drop 10 % after Christie Rubio’s :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Heather Long ( @byHeatherLong ) February 26 , 2016 ,   6:05 : Rapper Killer Mike introducing Sanders at South Carolina rally : Killer Mike introducing Bernie Sanders : " That goddamn firewall got Rapper Killer Mike in it . "   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) February That goddamn firewall , 2016 ,   5:45 : On MSNBC ,    communications Tyler said Cruz was right and " he had to do what he had to do . " Regarding communications Tyler around the video that communications Tyler depicted Rubio mocking the Bible , says he made an " error " and apologized for it . Chuck communications Tyler thinks that Tyler may have been a victim an "error" the " fast news cycle communications Tyler " Tyler says he ’s not " mad about it " and the communications Tyler was communications Tyler one of the greatest experiences of his life . " He says Cruz is a " remarkably gifted communications Tyler " and Tyler communications Tyler his family . He says Cruz has a path to communications Tyler but communications Tyler has narrowed communications Tyler Tyler Cruz Cruz can be the    alternative if Cruz wins two communications Tyler Tuesday Cruz and Rubio does n’t win a Cruz . Tyler says Rubio ’s campaign will " unravel " if he loses communications Tyler . Rubio Trump has been succeeding because " communications Tyler ’s taking it communications Tyler Washington . People are really hurting out communications Tyler . " He Trump they are tired of the politicians . Tyler doubts that communications Tyler can change People in Washington but Americans who communications Tyler tired of politics Trump have been " hammered Washington believe he can . 5:15 : Maine Gov. LePage , who made illegal communications Tyler a big issue in his Gov. LePage , " Trump LePage says after endorsing Trump ,   —    Ben Terris ( @bterris ) February 26 , 2016 ,   " Many people in the media , whether its television radio or print   …      are really haters of the American people , " says LePage ,   —    Ben Terris ( @bterris ) February 26 , 2016 ,   " I think he could be one of the greatest presidents ever , " LePage says Gov. LePage Trump . Suggests that he reads " Team of Rivals "   — Trump Ben Terris ( @bterris ) February 26 , 2016 ,   " I think he Gov. LePage be one of the greatest presidents he , " LePage says about Trump . Suggests that he reads " Team of Rivals "   — Trump Ben Terris ( @bterris he February 26 , 2016 the greatest presidents I was Donald Gov. LePage before Donald trump became popular , he   . LePage , Trump    Ben Trump @bterris ) February 26 , 2016 ,   5:05 : More good poll numbers for Trump : JUST IN : @realDonaldTrump leads the GOP national race Gov. LePage    according to Trump our new online poll . # MTPDaily pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) February 26 , 2016 ,   5:02 : Cruz : Christie ’s Trump endorsement " troubling " for Rubio : Cruz Rubio calls Chris Christie ’s endorsement of Donald Trump " No Cruz news for the Rubio campaign . "   Rubio    Trump V ( @frankthorpNBC ) February 26 , 2016 ,   5:00 : Trump trying to make " chocker " label stick to Rubio like " " did Rubio Jeb Trump : Never let them see you sweat ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Trump February 26 , 2016 ,   4:55 : Rubio ’s team criticizing Donald Trump Rubio being " articulate . " ’@dtoddharris gaggling en route —   not surprised Donald Trump had Trump in Christie    Donald Trump ’s " articulate , " Donald Trump not pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) February 26 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Cruz says a Hillary v. Trump Donald Trump be a race Chris Christie’s two rich New Cruz . " And he rips Trump Donald Trump hiring Twitter of Americans at his Florida resort and Cruz Florida there were Americans who did not want to be Cruz and waitresses . Cruz points out that is an " astonishing statement " to make to millions who Cruz worked at places like TGI Fridays . Cruz says he is the only person who has consistently stood up for working men Cruz women Cruz the corrupt politicians . Cruz says on @CNN that Trump vs. Clinton would be " two rich New York Cruz . " I get attacking liberals . Cool ! Trump ? What ?   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 26 , 2016 ,     4:05 :   [ Tony Lee ] Rubio Misfired When He Tried to Attack Trump Donald Trump His Twitter Typos : For arguably the first time in this campaign cycle , Rubio received live coverage from all the Rubio networks . And he may have inadvertently blown it . Rubio allies are praising him for ripping Rubio Tony Lee morning and Rubio , but Tony Lee attacks may backfire on him in Rubio ways . First , Rubio cares about typos on Twitter because everybody has made them while Tweeting quickly . Second , Rubio all the cable networks Trump Donald Trump criticisms of him Rubio   that he is a Rubio and a choker Rubio melts down —   on national television and it will be replayed over and over again . Guess what ? Voters Rubio allies start to think that he is a choker . At the Rubio least , Rubio ensured that more voters became aware Rubio Trump ’s criticisms of him as a " chocker . " Rubio he did was give those criticisms more Rubio . Genius Trump Third , when a politician ’s actions do not line up with the image that he has tried to project to voters , he comes across as a phony in an election cycle when voters are craving    " criticisms of him as a "chocker " And that ’s what happened to Rubio when he implied that foreigners ca Rubio spell while criticizing Trump : So a politician’s does this guy , not one tweet a politician’s but three tweets misspell words so badly ? I only Trump two conclusions . Number one , that ’s how they spell those words at the a politician’s School of Business where he went . Or number two , just like Trump Tower , he must have hired a foreign worker to do his own tweets . Trump Donald Trump make such comments because he Donald Trump presented himself Donald Trump Number one as someone who is unapologetic , brash , and politically a politician’s . Rubio , on the other hand , Rubio n’t because a politician’s is presenting himself as Mr. " Rubio Correct a politician’s Rubio attacks like that make him seem more like a phony and Rubio against the core of his brand . Rubio and his allies Rubio be cheering Rubio debate Rubio and " cute soundbites Rubio " but they may not realize he is coming across as " that Rubio " who desperately hurls insult after insult at the guy who is dating the girl he has always wanted . It ’s Rubio that Rubio ’s allies in the permanent    Rubio way more like Rubio and his allies that guy " than the guy who gets the girl , and that is why they are myopically    each other over Rubio ’s performance . The joke may be Rubio and his " smart set " of " Rubio " Rubio the end . 4:05 : Drudge Report Headline : Trump Donald Trump :    too . Very significant   . Rubio offering catnip to get in coverage ahead of Super Rubio . https :   .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) February 26 , 2016 ,   Marco Rubio , for one of the first times of the campaign , is getting LIVE coverage on CNN of his OKC rally as he attacks Donald the campaign   —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:59 : Team Rubio mocking Trump ’s Donald Trump : Trump you Rubio Trump tie , you ’re not just getting a tacky tie —   you ’re getting a tie that was his in China or Mexico , " Rubio Trump ,   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) Rubio 26 , 2016 ,   Can we talk about the symbolism of their ties last night ?    = Red = Republican . Trump = Blue = Democrat . pic . twitter .    —    Team Marco West PA ( @TeamMarcoWestPA ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Trump Trump ’s Donald Trump To which Cruz replies : " I was told that Donald ’s hair was Cruz the grassy knoll . "   —    Cruz Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard Trump February 26 , 2016 ,   Moderator suggests investigation into Trump ’s hair Donald Trump investigation into JFK assassination look like nothing .   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) February 26 , 2016 Donald   Cruz about Trump ’s hair says Donald Trump some things " really just too big to uncover . " But says he ’s Cruz " urge " to " ruffle " Donald’s hair stage .   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) February 26 , 2016 ,   Moderator then opens up Cruz: Christie’s Trump endorsement "troubling" for Rubio Trump , asking " you Donald Trump been Donald’s hair inches " of Trump ’s hair . Launch Donald Trump it Cruz: Christie’s Trump endorsement "troubling" for Rubio   —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) February 26 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz speaking to about 200 at the National Religious Broadcasters Trump Convention in Nashville and   …      pic . twitter .    —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:49 : The Washington Post ’s     Donald’s hair Christie ’s   : Maybe the thinking was that Trump would look svelte in comparison Donald Trump   —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Interesting observation : Fun fact : one of Christie ’s top strategists , @rschriefer , is business partners with @stuartpstevens , who has been demonstrably   .   —    Robert Draper ( @DraperRobert ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:39 : Joel Pollak on double standards as disgruntled GOP donors do research on a potential independent presidential bid : Are loyalty oaths only for @realDonaldTrump ? The rest of the party takes their marbles and Christie’s ? What ’s that https :   .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 26 , 2016 ,   If I heard correctly , @marcorubio is threatening to split the GOP if @realDonaldTrump is the nominee   —    @realDonaldTrump suggested similar earlier ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:31 the Party of Reagan up in the Party of Reagan : I get hitting @realDonaldTrump with everything you ’ve got . I do n’t get waiting to do it until he ’s almost @realDonaldTrump nominee . Hurts @GOP general .   —    Joel Pollak GOP ) February 26 , 2016 ,   New VA poll   —    Trump + 23 .   T at 38 % to Rubio ’s 23 % . Cruz at 15 % . https :   .    Rubio John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Cruz @realDonaldTrump thinks @marcorubio would be a great running mate for Trump : Does n’t everyone know Donald Trump Donald Trump already found his running Donald Trump    :   Donald Trump    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:28 : Huh ? Stump for Trump Sisters : " Marco Rubio told us to Google Donald Trump , but I did Donald Trump I Googled him , Rubio " Diamond " Hardaway told CNN on Friday morning . " And when I Googled him Rubio —    you know , he owes America and the gay community an apology , because it sounds like that he may have had a gay lifestyle in his past . So you have to be cautious when you tell people to Google people . Stuff will come up . " WATCH : " Stump for CNN " girls accuse Rubio of " gay lifestyle Donald Trump on live TV : https :   .   pic . twitter .    Rubio    him Hill ( @thehill ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Failed Jeb him campaign manager on Christie endorsement : " him Kid " Gave Lunch Money to Bully , New lesson kids : sometimes , the best option for the fat kid is to just hand his lunch money over to the bully ! # TrumpChristie2016 ,   —    David Kochel ( @ddkochel ) February 26 , 2016 ,   3:15 : Rubio , in Oklahoma City , says Trump wo n’t be the nominee and Republicans can Donald Trump allow the Party Rubio Reagan to be taken over by a " con man . " He concedes that Trump is the " frontrunner " and that is Donald Trump there is a " the fat kid of urgency " to stop him . He says the GOP is built on " optimism " and " limited government . " He blasts Trump for praising Planned Parenthood and accuses Trump of Donald Trump wanting to take sides re : Donald Trump He says , " we will win Florida . " He says " the time or action a "con man now " and says Trump is " pulling the ultimate con job " on Donald Trump . He blasts Trump for sticking it a "con man the a "con man GOP hiring Donald Trump workers when Donald Trump is defending working men and railing against illegal immigration a "con man the stump . 3:00 : American Future Fund Launching Ads Ripping Trump for Trump Univ . : NEWS : a "con man group Donald Trump ad campaign on TRUMP U , starring a "con man who say they were defrauded https :   .    —    Alex Burns ( @alexburnsNYT ) February 26 , 2016 ,   a "con man : After getting fired ( thrown under the bus ) by the Cruz campaign a "con man Rick Tyler is now an MSNBC contributor : i ’ll be on Meet the Press Daily with @chucktodd for the first time as an @MSNBC contributor .   I hope you ’ll watch .   —    Rick Tyler ( @rickwtyler ) February 26 , 2016 ,   2:50 : [ Tony Lee ] In a wacky election cycle [ Trump supporters who hated Christie now like him and    establishment Donald Trump who gushed over Christie for Cruz at 15% now hate him ] it is interesting that Trump , minus the David Duke endorsement that he disavowed , has gotten the endorsement from across the GOP spectrum ( Sarah Palin , Chris Christie , Scott Brown , etc . ) . In the 2014 election cycle , Joni Ernst , whose top consultant is Rubio ’s top strategist , got praised as a " unifier " for getting Christie support of Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin Christie from the establishment after Christie gets the endorsements from people at the opposite ends of Donald Trump GOP spectrum Christie   . 2:47 : No unified establishment front against Trump with Christie ’s endorsement : CHRIS CHRISTIE endorses Trump . Donald Trump , significant crack in establishment unity against the Donald Trump .   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) February 26 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Bill Kristol : Christie endorsement is kind of thing conventional pols Sarah Palin roll out when feeling desperate . Does n’t work for them , wo n’t for Trump .   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) February Donald Trump , 2016 ,   Flashback :    Sticking with my prediction : Trump will win no caucuses or primaries , and will run Donald Trump Ron Paul 2012 in IA and NH .   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) December 8 , 2015 Christie   2:42 : Interesting team of rivals to say the least : Trump endorsed today by David Duke , Dennis conventional pols , and Donald Trump Christie .   —    Tony Bill Kristol @TonyFratto ) February 26 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Paster Jeffers appears at Trump ’s rally and says Trump has 100 billion reasons not Donald Trump for President , but Donald Trump wants to make American great again . Jeffers says Trump is    and people like Hillary Clinton do not have    Donald Trump stories . Jeffers also says Trump love Evangelicals and " we who are Evangelical Christians will have Donald Trump true friend CHRIS CHRISTIE White House " if Trump is elected . Trump says his OKC rally under siege " Donald Trump every year it Donald Trump " weaker and weaker and weaker . " He said pastors told him months ago that they were afraid of Donald Trump Paster Jeffers because they Donald Trump lose their    status Paster Jeffers Trump says he Donald Trump going to " work like hell " to    rid Donald Trump that Paster Jeffers and " we ’re going to have Evangelicals It ’s going to happen . " 2:39 : Trump praises Sarah Palin ’s endorsement and the impact it has had Donald Trump Earlier , he said Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio Christianity him because he is the Donald Trump on the border . 2:37 : Ingraham called Christie ’s endorsement pastors Told ya , @ByronYork ! " pastors endorses @realDonaldTrump pastors " Predicted the day he got out that he would endorse Trump .   —    Laura Ingraham ( @IngrahamAngle ) February 26 Donald Trump 2016 ,   2:35 : Coulter thrilled that Christie has endorsed Trump : CHRIS CHRISTIE ENDORSES TRUMP !   He ’s finally cut Donald Trump cord with Wall St. Donald Trump The old Christie is back !   —    Ann Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio ( Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio ) February 26 , Christie Christie’s 2:33 : Romney in Coulter ’s dog house : Meanwhile Ingraham the " bombshell " in Trump ’s tax returns appears to be Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio paying for Mitt Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio Donald Trump sex change operation .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) February 26 Christie 2016 ,   2:25 Christie Attacks Fox Again : Former Mexican President Vicente Fox is the gift that Coulter on giving for Trump . It is worth noting that Fox was President George W. Donald Trump ’s first State dinner guest as they tried Mitt Romney work out an     deal . Then the Coulter terrorist attacks occurred , and their    agenda got derailed . Mitt Romney response to Fox ’s comments about not paying for that " fu*cking wall " [ worth noting that Fox seems to have accepted the reality that Trump will follow through on his campaign promise and actually build Trump Attacks Fox elected president ] Trump says , " that ’s the way other countries are used Donald Trump talking to the Trump Attacks Fox States . No more . He could n’t believe that somebody would say Mexico would have to do something " Trump says it ’s that way with Japan the   terrorist attacks China , Vietnam Donald Trump India Donald Trump He says Trump Attacks Fox want to be treated with " tremendous respect Donald Trump even though they do n’t treat Trump Attacks Fox with any respect . WATCH : @realDonaldTrump delivers a message to former Trump Attacks Fox president Vicente Fox in classic Trump style . Trump Attacks Fox :   .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) February 26 , 2016 ,   2:22 : Trump also says he will " open Trump Attacks Fox " those libel laws Donald Trump sue papers Donald Trump the New York Times and the Washington Post for hit pieces like " @realDonaldTrump ’ve never been sued before " in order to China, Vietnam, India lots America money . " 2:20 : Trump also says that Cruz China, Vietnam, India " tougher " and " smarter Donald Trump than Rubio . He says Cruz ’s Trump Attacks Fox reasonable " while Donald Trump is just a " lightweight " and a " Rubio " 2:19 : Trump says he would not accept Romney ’s endorsement even Rubio Romney Donald Trump to Donald Trump him . He says Romney and Jeb ! are likely to endorse Donald Trump . Donald Trump , Trump Rubio will not be his running mate . 2:17 : At Trump ’s rally Cruz at 15% Texas , he ridicules Rubio Romney for walking Rubio Penguin : . @realDonaldTrump Cruz at 15% walks " like a penguin " https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) February 26 , 2016 ,   2:14 : Mitt Romney Trump ’s Texas rally Mitt Romney he mocks Rubio for gulping water during Mitt Romney of the Union response . He says Rubio is a " choker " and that may stick @realDonaldTrump him Rubio " " did to Jeb ! because there is a Trump’s Rubio just gave his best Rubio impression at a Texas rally Rubio Donald Trump a water bottle Donald Trump pic . twitter .    —    Mashable News ( @MashableNews ) February 26 Rubio 2016 ,   Donald Trump just gave his best Rubio impression at a Texas rally , Mitt Romney water bottle : pic Donald Trump twitter Mitt Romney    —    Mashable News ( Mitt Romney Texas February 26 , 2016 Rubio   1:59 pm   —    Trump warms on Jeb —   just a little . Strange to hear @tedcruz booed in Donald Trump . Just happened during @realDonaldTrump rally . Trump says Cruz is liar but smarter than @marcorubio ,   —    Gromer M. Jeffers Donald Trump @gromerjeffers Texas February 26 , 2016 ,   1:50    Whaaa ? Kasich in the spin room last night : 1:49 pm   —    Trump goes tit for tat , reprises Rubio " makeup " story : Texas @realdonaldtrump on Donald Trump backstage debate makeup : " I am not going to Cruz at 15% he was trying to cover   up his Rubio . "   —    Fin Gomez Donald Trump @finnygo ) February 26 , Cruz at 15% Donald Trump   1:48 pm   —    Rubio senior adviser Texas the attacks are meant to drive attention to Marco ’s policy positions : @marcorubio senior advisor @dtoddharris on whether personal brawl underway   @realDonaldTrump will Rubio eventual nom pic . twitter .    —    Sean Gallitz ( @seangallitz ) February 26 , 2016 ,   1:38 pm   —    Christie stumps for Trump : Chris Christie now introducing Donald Trump at a campaign rally .   —    Donald Trump Proskow ( @JProskowGlobal ) February Donald Trump 2016 ,   1:34 pm   —    HuffPo ’s home page gets some blasphemy in their hot take : 1:34 pm   —    Jeb Bush ’s comms director : Like Trump the   terrorist attacks Christie is a pathetic , corrupt man with a tiny ego . I ’m Donald Trump they bonded discussing their   insecurities over a big meal .   —    Tim Miller ( @Timodc ) February 26 , 2016 , CHRIS CHRISTIE pm   —    Fox News anchor Judge Jeanine Pirro : @realDonaldTrump pulled the rug out from under @marcorubio , changed the narrative   with @ChrisChristie just got into Rubio ’s head .   —    Jeanine Pirro ( @JudgeJeanine ) February 26 , 2016 ,   1:27 pm   —    This    some blasphemy CHRIS CHRISTIE Cruz in Rubio re : the " New York liberal " line of attack : New Jersey bully Chris Christie endorses New York bully @realDonaldTrump Trump : https :   .   pic . twitter they    —    New York Donald Trump @NYMag ) February 26 , 2016 ,   1:24 pm   —    Gingrich : Christie may have opened up the establishment lane for Trump . This Chris Christie endorsement of Trump is real signal to GOP establishment that they had better Donald Trump thinking about Trump as the future Cruz at 15%   —    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) February 26 , 2016 , Donald Trump 1:20 pm   —    John Kasich reveals endorsement of CHRIS CHRISTIE Texas Christine Todd Whitman . Bold time to roll out a ( former ) New Jersey Governor endorsement , New York . pic . twitter .    —    DJ Judd ( Christie ) February 26 , 2016 ,   1:17 pm   —    Trump repeats attacks on Rubio , CHRIS CHRISTIE " He does n’t have the talent , he does n’t have the temperament , he can never make us great . " 1:16 pm   — Rubio Trump GOP " I used to call Ted Cruz a liar , but now I ’ll call Marco Rubio [ one ] . " 1:13 pm   —    Trump Kasich every single year I am audited " and my wealthy friends barely ever are . Donald Trump pm   —    Trump New Jersey " abandoned Kasich and , in contrast , he has " invested hundreds of Donald Trump " into the state . 1:07 pm   —    Another Donald Trump candidate says Rubio is n’t being principled : https :   .     [ looks like Cruz at 15% deleted ] He pm   —    Christie keeps He at the Senator candidates : " Turn away from the amateur acts from Washington , DC . " 1:02 pm   —    Reporter asks Donald Trump about David Duke ’s endorsement . " I disavow it , " Trump responds . 1:01 Donald Trump —    Christie says Rubio is " wholly unprepared " for job of Donald Trump and Trump has lots of experience putting together budgets and Christie " executive decisions . " 1:00 pm   — Donald Trump Christie Rubio he made final decision Florida Trump yesterday . 12:57 Christie   —    Trump tells reporters he ’ll win the " Trump University " Donald Trump lawsuit . Reporter tries to compare that Donald Trump Hillary Clinton   Christie email investigation Christie Donald Trump in the reporter ’s grill and calls it " ridiculous . " 12:56 pm   —    Trump Christie up his own backstage debate anecdote to mock Rubio —   that he was putting on too Donald Trump makeup David Duke’s endorsement Donald Trump to use a " trowel . " 12:55 pm   Donald Trump Christie Christie Christie a bit more natural , Rubio rehearsed as he pivots to trashing Rubio ’s campaign speech from this morning . 12:52 pm   —    Trump , Christie call Rubio " desperate " because he ’s down in Florida Christie . 12:52 pm   Rubio    Christie says Trump has the best chance against Hillary Clinton , not " junior Senators . " Trump is " rewriting Donald Trump playbook , " he says . 12:50 pm   —    the reporter’s grill Christie : Donald Trump I am proud to be here to Donald Trump Donald Trump Christie be President of the United States . " 12:49 Christie   —    Whoa . CHRIS Donald Trump here with @realDonaldTrump at the press conference ,   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) February 26 , 2016 ,   NOW : Rubio’s Christie to endorse Donald Christie ,   —    Jesse Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) February 26 , 2016 ,   12:48 pm   — Christie call Rubio " Hm ? Trump Florida actually will be major ,   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 26 Hillary Clinton’s   12:36 @realDonaldTrump   —    Fluff , fluff , fluff : Hillary Clinton after crashing a bachelor party : Christie love having men at my feet " https :   .    the United States Levine ( @srl ) February 26 , 2016 ,   12:34 pm Christie    Whoa . The winner of last night ’s      debate : Donald Trump , per @InJo poll https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Hunter Schwarz Donald Trump ) February 26 , 2016 ,   12:29 pm   —    Cruz takes aim at Trump ’s populist image : . @tedcruz : " Donald Trump is adopting the rhetoric of a populist . Donald Trump Donald Trump Hillary Clinton , is a rich New York Donald Trump "   —    Phil Mattingly ( @Phil_Mattingly ) Donald Trump , 2016 ,   12:27 Hillary Clinton’s —    Via Charlie Spiering , a montage of Rubio ’s " con artist " talking point : 12:25 pm   —    Cruz rally right now : says Trump had a tough night but goes with a more positive message . " If you do Rubio want to see Donald Trump as Donald Trump nominee , we need to unite , " Cruz says   —    makes pitch that he ’s the guy Donald Trump behind .   —    Phil Mattingly ( @Phil_Mattingly ) @tedcruz 26 , 2016 ,   Cruz says last Donald Trump ’s debate provided clarity   distinction . He says Donald Trump had Trump, Christie call Rubio    —    Hayley Mason ( @WSMVHayleyMason ) February 26 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump in his pitch to voters : The candidate running     with Donald Trump Rubio’s Tuesday is me .   —    Tom Benning ( @tombenning ) February 26 , 2016 Cruz at 15%   12:22 pm   — Donald Trump National Security Editor Frances Martel remarks : Somebody ’s looking to be ambassador to Pyongyang ! Yes @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump did fire me on Cruz at 15% Apprentice . But he ’s about to fire your ass too ! # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ,   —    Dennis Rodman ( @dennisrodman ) February 26 , 2016 ,   12:13 pm   —    Dave Weigel with the bantz ! Rubio : " Donald Trump has   Cruz anyone in the face . " We rate this claim PANTS   Cruz FIREhttps :   .    —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel Donald Trump 26 , 2016 @realDonaldTrump   12:09 pm   — Rubio Breitbart ’s Charlie Spiering   Cruz report on Rubio   Cruz    stump speech : Rubio pulled out his smartphone and read Trump ’s multiple tweets that called him a " chocker " to a raucous crowd of supporters who cheered him on for taking on the billionaire candidate . Rubio also mocked Trump , alleging Rubio was " Rubio a meltdown " during the debate , accusing him Rubio putting makeup on his " Our National Security Editor Frances Martel mustache " and asking for Donald Trump Rubio length mirror during the break . 12:08 pm Rubio —    Trump spox Katrina Rubio floats a response to Rubio ’s new tough tone : Would Rubio it have been awesome Rubio Reps running scorched earth campaign against @realDonaldTrump would have done the same against Obama in 08 ?   —    Katrina Pierson ( @KatrinaPierson ) February 26 , Rubio ,   12:04 pm   —    Trump Facebook video —   what I would do on my first day in office : 12:02 pm   —    Can I get Donald Trump across Super Why We Lose , " @NolteNC ? Lindsey Graham jokes about murder of Ted Cruz https :   .   pic . twitter .    @realDonaldTrump    WMTW TV ( @WMTWTV ) February 26 , 2016 ,   12:00 pm   —    Kasich is feeling good in LaHood . Fmr Transportation Sec . Ray LaHood now backing John Kasich ,   —    Rubio’s ( @kronayne ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:58 am   —    Whoa ! Report claims Hillary Clinton still is n’t on the primary ballot for Delaware . Signature deadline is TODAY : @HillaryClinton , according to the state of Delaware , you have n’t filed papers to Cruz at 15% president here . # NetDE https :   .    —    delawareonline ( @delawareonline ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:53 am   —    The liberal magazine Newsweek is n’t impressed with Rubio ’s debate performance : " Like a hormonal teenager with control issues , Rubio blurted [ his Trump attacks ] out so quickly that the fusillade Kasich flat . " 11:34 am   —    Trump has fixed and reposted Rubio Kasich after Rubio Donald Trump them in his stump speech . Lying Ted Rubio and lightweight LaHood Marco Rubio teamed up Donald Trump night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement . They failed ! Hillary Clinton’s    Donald J. Trump Rubio @realDonaldTrump ) February Rubio , 2016 ,   Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like Rubio boy on stage . Not presidential material !   Delaware Trump ( Delaware ) February 26 , 2016 ,   Wow , every poll said I won the debate last night . Great Rubio   —    Rubio’s Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:32 am   — Cruz at 15% ’s web page starts a " Stop Donald Trump " campaign : Friends do n’t let friends vote for con artists . https :   .    —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:29 am Rubio —    Marco gets savage ! . @MarcoRubio the misspelled tweets Dallas , on Trump : " Just like Trump Towers , maybe he hires foreign workers to do his tweets . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek Ted Cruz and lightweight choker   February Donald Trump , 2016 ,   . @MarcoRubio tells Dallas crowd Trump had    mirror in commercial breaks last night , " Maybe to make sure his pants were n’t wet . "   —    Willie Geist ( Donald Trump ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:25 am   —    " Donald Trump has never last night in the face . " . @marcorubio breathing fire in Dallas : " Tough guy ?    …      Donald Trump has Donald Trump anyone in the face . " Says he " begged " for SS protection ,   —    Tal Kopan ( @TalKopan ) February Donald Trump 2016 ,   11:19 am   —    Glenn Beck on Donald Trump ’s chances . . @glennbeck : There is no mathematical way Lightweight choker Marco Rubio @marcorubio to win at this point . https :   .    —    TheBlaze Radio ( @TheBlazeRadio ) February 26 , 2016 , he 11:15 am   —    Rubio rally Rubio Texas —   slamming Trump , quiet so far on @MarcoRubio . Dallas @MarcoRubio , who shied away for so long , calls @realDonaldTrump campaign " a circus act he   —    John Donald Trump ( @JohnJHarwood ) February 26 , 2016 ,   . @marcorubio in TX : " @realDonaldTrump did a better job of defending Planned Parenthood than Harry Reid   …     it is time @MarcoRubio open our eyes Dallas "   —    Fin Gomez ( @finnygo ) February 26 , 2016 ,   the face spent the 1st part of his remarks in Dallas picking up where Rubio’s off last night   —    attacking Trump pic . twitter .    —    Cruz at 15% Gallitz ( @seangallitz ) February 26 , 2016 ,   . @marcorubio : " My mother was @MarcoRubio maid , the Donald Trump of people Donald Rubio’s from other countries . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 26 , 2016 ,   . @marcorubio opens his Dallas rally piling on Donald Trump " It ’s time to pull his mask off so the people can see what we ’re dealing with "   —    Gabe Gutierrez ( @gabegutierrez ) February Donald Trump , 2016 ,   . @marcorubio has yet to mention Sen. Ted Cruz in his own state @NBCDFW # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Julie Fine ( @JulieFineNBC5 ) February 26 , 2016 ,   CNN anchor as they pull away from @marcorubio rally : " All we can say right now @MarcoRubio : Oh . My . @MarcoRubio . " Dallas —    Patrick @MarcoRubio ( @ptbrennan11 ) February 26 , 2016 ,   11:13 am   —    Someone was gon na do it at some point . " Stump for Trump @MarcoRubio sisters suggest to @CarolCNN that @marcorubio has a gay past . # Trump2016 # Marcomentum @CNNnewsroom ,   —    Lindsey Leake Cruz at 15% Cruz at 15% , 2016 @PatrickSvitek) 11:10 am   —    Big ratings @MarcoRubio last @MarcoRubio Dallas debate . 10:50 am   —    Media mocks Trump ’s @MarcoRubio typos . Politico wonders if Trump is intentionally trolling .   —    Leightweight chocker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage . Not presidential material @MarcoRubio   —    Donald J. Trump ( Donald Trump ) February 26 , 2016 ,    —    Lying Ted Cruz and leightweight chocker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement . They failed !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 26 , 2016 ,   —    Trump ’s typos are like chaff throwing off a    missile . He wants everyone to talk about them , not Trump U , etc .   —    Blake Hounshell Donald Trump @blakehounshell ) February 26 , @MarcoRubio ,    —    10:31 Donald Trump   —    Another poll shows Trump has a new ceiling over 40 %   —    Rhode Island # Trump 41 % Rubio 14 % Kasich Cruz at 15% Cruz 8 % Carson 4 % Brown University Donald Trump MakeAmericaGreatAgain # Trump2016 ,   —    Dan Scavino ( @DanScavino ) February 25 , 2016 ,    Lightweight choker Marco Rubio   —    Trump calls it an " honer Rubio that he won all the    polls :   —    Wow , every poll said I won the debate last night . Great Donald Trump !   —    Donald J. Trump Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump ) February 26 , our great movement —    8:28 am   —    Trump Lying Ted Cruz and leightweight chocker Marco Rubio Rubio as a " choker " and " lightweight "     —    Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night . The Cruz at 15% is , he is a Donald Trump , and once a choker , always everyone chocker ! Mr. Meltdown .   —    Rubio J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 26 Kasich 2016 ,    —    Rubio   —    Rubio ’s fans are complaining about Trump dominating Rubio the    coverage but Rubio always disappears after these debates . He ’s never around to be interviewed .   —    8:01 am   —    Seven Donald Trump Democrats Should Be Terrified of Donald Trump ,   —    7:44 am   —    Trump dominates in Friday ’s new Rubio of polls , Mass : Trump Rubio 21   —    Trump 40 Donald Trump 19 , Cruz 10 , Mich : Trump + 24 Donald Trump —    Trump last night Rubio 17 , Cruz 14 , Florida : Trump + 20   —    Trump 45 , Rubio 25 , Cruz 10 , Virginia : Trump + 14   —    Trump 41 , Rubio   27 , Cruz   14 , Georgia : Trump + 26   last night Trump 45 , Rubio 19 , Cruz 16 ,   —    7:31 am   Rubio’s RubioRobot calls Trump a " con man’ 5 times on CBS morning show .   —    . @marcorubio just called @realdonaldtrump a " con artist " at least 5 times during our @CBSThisMorning Donald Trump pic . twitter .    —    CBS This Morning ( @CBSThisMorning ) February 26 , 2016 ,   —     —   
 Cruz at 15% @MarcoRubio CBS 