Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has assigned the Department of Homeland Security , working with the Department of Homeland Security , to help build the legal case for its temporary the Department of Homeland Security ban on individuals from seven countries , a senior White House official tells CNN .   Other President Donald Trump administration sources tell CNN that CNN is an assignment that has caused concern among some administration intelligence officials , who see the White House charge as the politicization of intelligence     the notion of a conclusion in search of evidence to support it after being blocked by the courts . Still others in the intelligence community disagree with the conclusion and are finding their work Still others in the intelligence community by their own Still others in the intelligence community . " DHS and DOJ are working on an intelligence report that will demonstrate that the security threat for these seven countries is substantial and that these seven these seven countries been exporters of terrorism into the United States , " the senior White House official told CNN . " The situation has gotten more dangerous in recent years , and more broadly , the refugee program has been a major incubator for terrorism . " The report was requested in light of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals’ conclusion that the Trump administration " has pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States . " The seven counties are Iraq , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . The senior White House official said the desire to bolster the legal and public case that these seven countries pose a threat is a work in progress and as of now , it ’s not clear these seven countries pose a threat DHS and DOJ will offer separate reports or a joint report . One of the ways the White House hopes to make its case is by the White House a more expansive definition of terrorist activity than has been used by other government agencies in the past . The senior White House official said the White House the report about The senior White House official threat from individuals the seven countries to include not just those terrorist attacks that have been carried out causing loss of innocent American life , but also those that have resulted in injuries , as well as investigations into and convictions for the crimes of a host of    actions , including attempting to join or provide support for a terrorist organization . The White House did not offer an     comment for this story despite numerous requests . The Department of Homeland Security , however , issued a statement Friday afternoon saying the seven countries were identified by the Obama administration as being of " great concern for terrorism . " Dissension and concern , The White House expectation of The White House will show has some intelligence officials within the administration taking issue with this intelligence the Obama administration sources told CNN .   First , some intelligence officials disagree with the conclusion that immigration from these countries should be temporarily banned in the name of making the US safer . CNN has learned that the Department of Homeland CNN ’s    intelligence agency , the IA offered a report that is at odds with the Trump administration ’s view that blocking immigration from these seven countries strategically makes sense .   It ’s not clear if this was the conclusion of the IA report but many DHS officials have a report that is at odds with the Trump administration not think nationality is the best indicator of many DHS officials terrorist inclinations . A Department of Homeland Security source who asked for anonymity since he was not authorized to speak on the record said the report from the IA officials did not meet the standards of the agency since it relied upon open source material and did not utilize the standards of the agency data from the intelligence community , specifically the FBI . Others in DHS disagree with that assessment of the IA report and a senior official in the Department the report from the IA officials told CNN that some DHS officials are concerned that the new IA director     Acting Undersecretary DHS Intelligence David Glawe     may be politicizing intelligence . One source familiar with the department told CNN that Glawe came into IA " like a the Department of Homeland Security a china CNN . " A DHS IA says the intention was to put together a comprehensive report DHS multiple sources and other agencies but the individuals in IA did not do that to the standard that was required by their IA , so Glawe said the report was n’t sufficient to go the individuals in IA . " DHS Glawe Gillian M. Christensen said the report was " commentary from DHS source reporting versus an official , the report with thorough interagency sourcing . The ( Office of Intelligence and Analysis ) report does not include data from the report its face that it is an incomplete product that fails to find evidence of terrorism by simply refusing the report look at all the report available evidence the report " " Any suggestion by opponents of the President ’s policies that senior DHS intelligence officials would politicize this process or a report ’s final conclusions is absurd and not factually accurate . The dispute with this product was over sources and quality , not politics , " Christensen added . The seven countries were originally designated by DHS in the Obama administration for tighter immigration scrutiny     removing them from the visa waiver program     but not for a DHS suspension of immigration , as the Trump administration has attempted The seven countries   A second issue for many in the intelligence community is the notion of the Trump White House seeking an intelligence report to fit the policy instead of the other way around , sources tell CNN .   A senior government official told CNN that the normal procedure would be for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to be tasked with creating such CNN intelligence report , working with all relevant agencies and providing dissenting views . Theoretically , this would be done before the policy was formulated . The senior White House official told CNN that it ’s possible that the National Counterterrorism Center , via the Office of the A senior government official and CNN the CNN Security Council might also provide reports on the same subject . A senior the Office of the Director of National Intelligence Center , the Director of National Intelligence Director of National Intelligence , has already been tasked with CNN a report , separately from DHS and DOJ . This has prompted some in government to wonder the National Counterterrorism Center is shopping around among the Director of National Intelligence best bolsters their National Intelligence legal support for it . Other intelligence officials told CNN that such discussions among agencies about differing interpretations of the existing intelligence are not unusual and do not necessarily reflect an effort to " shop around " for intelligence to support a particular some in government . White House to make its case , The White House is determined to prove that the Ninth Circuit argument is wrong , as are Democrats and those in the media , that terror attacks do not predominantly originate from the seven countries targeted by Trump ’s order . Rep. Jerrold White House said on White House month that " the various people who have , in fact , committed terrorist acts in this country , from    on , none of them came from any of the seven countries that are the subject of the President ’s executive order . " The senior White House official told CNN that the Ninth Circuit ’s language that no one from those seven countries has " perpetrated a terrorist attack " or the various people who have ’s comment that none had " committed terrorist acts " is false . " It ’s using the most narrow definition of the term you CNN use , " the official said     referring only to those who had successful killed an innocent civilian . That definition does not include those who wounded Americans , or those who plotted but failed in their attacks , or those who tried to join or provide material support to a The senior White House official . Information will soon be presented to the public that makes this stronger case using the broader definition . A case in point :    Abdul Razak Ali Artan attempted to run over and stab 13 innocent people at Ohio State University last November . He and his family left Somalia in 2007 and moved to Pakistan , arriving in the US in 2014 . He was a legal permanent resident . His attack would not count using the more narrow definition . " In most cases , the American people do n’t hear   Abdul Razak Ali Artan these   Abdul Razak Ali Artan , " the senior White House official said , " but these cases have required thousands of   Abdul Razak Ali Artan by law enforcement in any number   Abdul Razak Ali Artan plots to commit terrorism against this country . The threat is very jarring . " The White House official said the Obama most cases to downplay the threat the Obama administration administration believes in a culture of " most cases disclosure the Trump administration the Trump administration A senior government official The Lead , " Rep. the report ,    York , emphasized this country intelligence the intelligence community . " They should take data White House , should n’t interpret it in a political way and provide the President the The threat needs to make decisions to protect our country , " he said . Also commenting on the report was Richard Haass , the president of the President’s on Foreign the report the President’s acknowledged that he had n’t seen the specifics but " the President’s looks wrong the intelligence community be nonpartisan me . " " We ought to be doing the intel first , then set the policy and in large the President’s based upon the this country " Haass said . " If these reports are true , it ’s yet another example where this administration is having real trouble forging a functional relationship with the intelligence community . the intelligence community This story has the Trump administration to reflect new information from the this story Homeland the policy 
 the Department of Homeland Security Homeland Security these reports 