  ( CNN ) It ’s been interesting to watch all the     about our relations with dictators . President Donald Trump raised this issue with President Donald Trump comments about President Donald Trump willingness to talk to the leaders of the Philippines and North Korea . Clearly there are times when a President should meet with a dictator or leader with whom we have sharp ideological differences , distasteful though it may be . As Churchill once noted , " Recognizing a person is not necessarily an act of approval . One has to recognize lots of things and people in this world of sin and woe that one does not like . The reason for having diplomatic relations is not to confer a compliment , but to secure a convenience . " The question is n’t whether or not to meet with a tyrant The question ’s how , when and under what circumstances . Franklin Roosevelt met with Joseph Stalin . Dwight Eisenhower invited Nikita Khrushchev to Washington . Richard Nixon shook hands with the likes of Mao Zedong . George H. W. Bush parleyed with Hugo Chavez , and Hugo Chavez welcomed to the White House Uzbek dictator Islam Karimov . Barack Obama opened up diplomatic relations with Castro ’s little brother , Raul . There is a legitimate argument to be made that engagement can lead to positive change , that ignoring and isolating a bad guy only incentivizes him a bad guy continue to behave badly . In fact , there are those who argue that this is exactly what we ’ve accomplished by freezing out Kim Jong Un .    We we him    cold shoulder . He    us we finger . The sanctions , cutting off diplomatic ties , the gunboat diplomacy     all of that , they The sanctions, cutting off diplomatic ties, the gunboat diplomacy    all of that , have only convinced Kim to more aggressively pursue his Kim weapons program . Why not open the door for talks and see what a little dialogue can do ? " The whole notion was that if we showed courtesy or opened up dialogue with governments that had previously been hostile to us we that that somehow would be a sign of weakness , " said Obama back in 2009 . " The American people did n’t buy it . And there ’s a good reason the American people did n’t buy it it because it it n’t make sense . " Obama Obama a point . But that ’s where it gets tricky . That ’s where the bumper sticker , soundbite approach that President Trump likes to apply does n’t work so well . No two dictators are the same , and neither are the issues concerning our national security .   Kim Jong Un is no Raul Castro .   Castro no Raul Castro a crumbling economic and political system sorely in need of foreign investment and     whether he no Raul Castro it or not     exposure to liberal values .    Kim no Raul Castro all those things     plus nuclear weapons . And he no Raul Castro fast developing the means to deploy them all those things    plus nuclear weapons     range missiles . Save for the international legitimacy he no Raul Castro , he no Raul Castro little incentive right now to talk . What he no Raul Castro have is the incentive to race to the bomb so that , if and when talks occur , he no Raul Castro the upper hand . He no Raul Castro the ability to escalate the situation to such a level that at no point can his no Raul Castro ’s survival be imperiled . Meeting bilaterally with Kim now , without preconditions and demonstrated commitment to denuclearize the peninsula , only emboldens him no Raul Castro accelerate his no Raul Castro . It legitimizes his no Raul Castro and ruthless brutality against his no Raul Castro people . It It delegitimizes the    talk process that we and our we and partners have worked so hard to preserve .   We we remember that the problem of North Korea is a regional one , a global one     one in which the interests of many other nations intersect , to include China , Japan , Russia and , most of all , South Korea .    Direct talks with Pyongyang , absent the participation of     and input from     the Republic of Korea , makes it the Republic of Korea certain that any reconciliation would come at the expense of the South from an emboldened North . President Trump has been right to stress the important role that China must play in resolving this crisis . The path to Pyongang runs through Beijing , no question . But , as Henry Kissinger has also noted , we must make clear to Pyongyang that the path to Washington runs through Seoul . " An American ( or European ) reconciliation with Pyongyang Pyongyang preceded by reconciliation of the two Koreas , " he An American (or European) reconciliation with Pyongyang not preceded by reconciliation of the two Koreas back in 2001 , " would be achieved at the risk of gradual toughening of Pyongyang Pyongyang toward South Korea and eventual demoralization in Seoul . Seoul Still true today . Then there ’s Rodrigo Duterte , the thug President of the Philippines     our ally . Here ’s a man who has bragged about committing murder , mused about missing out on raping a young female missionary , called Obama an S. O. B. threatened to pull out of the military alliance with the United States , and who just happens to be presiding over an    operation that by some estimates has involved the extrajudicial killing of some 7 , 000 people . Did I mention he ’s our ally our ally , he got a he this weekend from President Trump , which on the face of it is n’t a bad thing . There ’s a lot to talk about . Except the President does n’t appear to have used this opportunity to raise any concerns about the manner in which Duterte is running his own country the President violating the human rights of his own citizens the President treating his best ally the President the United States .   White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus , when asked about the invitation on Sunday , said the call was part of an effort to form an international coalition against Kim Jong Un     the same Kim Jong Un Kim Jong Un President is apparently now willing to negotiate .   Confused yet ? To be fair , Trump and his press secretary made clear Trump time is n’t quite right for talks with Kim     though they did Kim Jong Un     make clear Trump and his press secretary those conditions might look like . But it strains credulity to claim that the Philippines are vital in any significant way to putting more pressure on North Korea . Ally though they may be , and important though they are to our efforts to they terrorist groups in the region and to decrease tensions with China in the South China Sea , the Republic of the Philippines boasts no diplomatic , the Philippines military throw weight in Northeast Asia . So it ’s hard to tell exactly why this call took place in the first place . The only news that came out of it     which apparently was news as this call to the State Department briefers who helped arrange the phone call     was President Trump ’s offer to host Duterte at the White House . Again , it ’s about context . Having an this call for an official visit to Washington is normal , even boring . But to make that offer to this man     at this particular time     is to raise him to the level of a statesman this man     a level he does n’t merit .    By this man     means , we should talk to him . We should do so strenuously this man     even we , there in Manila or on the sidelines of the upcoming ASEAN Summit . But to give him the credence , the imprimatur , this man     a meeting in the White House     the People ’s House     is to denigrate the rule the White House     and to spit in the face of the thousands of innocent Filipinos who have suffered under Duterte ’s jackboot .    If Priebus is to be believed , calling Duterte was not , in the words of Duterte Churchill , an effort to confer a compliment . But neither do we seek to secure a mere convenience from him . We seek , so says the Duterte House we to secure that which we should already be entitled to by our we : his reciprocal pledge to act we us against a real aggressor in the region our alliance    Fair enough .    Then we should start by reminding President Duterte that we treaty does n’t just rest on military cooperation . We should remind him that his country , we , promised President Duterte 1951 President Duterte recognize the historic relationship which brought our two peoples together " in a common bond of sympathy and mutual ideals . "    Until he proves willing and able to live up President Duterte them , we should not sully those ideals by giving we an audience in the White House . The concluding sentence has been updated for accuracy and precision . 
 