  ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham promised South Carolina residents Saturday that Sen. Lindsey Graham would " get to the bottom " of President Donald Trump ’s unverified accusation earlier in the day that former President Barack Obama wiretapped the phones in Trump Tower . " I ’m very worried that former President Barack Obama is suggesting that the former President ’s done something illegally , " the Republican lawmaker said at a packed town hall meeting . " I would be very worried if , in fact , the Obama administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with foreign governments . "   " So it ’s my job as a United States senator to get to the bottom of this , " Graham added . " I promise you I will . " Trump Trump the claim Saturday , alleging without offering any evidence that his Trump wiretapped the phones in Trump Tower , where his Trump was headquartered during the 2016 campaign . " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my ’wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! " Trump posted on Twitter .   Graham also told citizens that he Graham going to push for an investigation into Russian involvement in the election . " I ’m not only going to push for a Russian Russian , I ’m going to punish Russia for trying to interfere in our the election " he Graham .   Graham Graham that he Graham " sanctions to punish the Putin regime beyond what they ’ve the Putin regime in the Crimea . These are bipartisan sanctions that would hit Putin hard Putin interfering in our election the election . "   Graham Graham a frequent Trump critic , also spoke with attendees about his support for Putin and replacing the Affordable Care Act , his desire to Putin 10th Circuit Appeals Court Judge Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court and his concerns about Putin profiling by law enforcement officers .   " I ’m going to try to help our president , Donald Trump , be successful as possible because , No . 1 , I agree with him mostly , our president, Donald Trump he said when our president, Donald Trump about his plans to our president, Donald Trump that Trump ’s policies are implemented . " I ’d like to get this country moving again . "   But Russia was a major topic at the Clemson University gathering , which took place days after a senior administration official told CNN that other Trump associates met with Russian officials while communication between the two groups was being highly scrutinized . More Trump advisers disclose Trump with Russia ’s ambassador Russia " I do n’t know if it ’s true or not , " the Republican lawmaker said of Trump ’s wiretapping Trump adding , " if the former President of the United States was able to obtain a warrant lawfully to monitor Trump ’s campaign for Trump law , that would be the biggest scandal since Watergate . " The senator also said he the former President of the United States used a third the former President of the United States Russia’s provide hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee to WikiLeaks . " That , to me , needs to be punished the former President of the United States " Graham said . " Any Republicans here , we should be as upset     we should be as upset about we as any Democrat because an attack on one party by a foreign power is an attack on all parties . "   " As for the outcome , I ’m not suggesting it changed the outcome " of the outcome election , he said . " I ’m suggesting they interfered and they ’m to be punished . they 
 