The daily    tracking poll , updated Sunday , shows Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 43 percent to 41 percent in a race that also includes    candidates . [ In a     matchup , Trump leads Clinton 43 . 2 percent to 42 . 3 percent , with 10 percent unsure .   Men back Trump over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 48 percent to 34 percent , with women supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 46 percent to 38 percent . Whites back Trump over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton , 50 percent to 33 percent . White men back Trump , 55 percent to 27 percent and a majority of white women also support Trump over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton , 46 percent to 39 percent . Fifteen percent of blacks and Hispanics back Trump over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton , while Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton earns 65 percent of those blocs’ support . Broken down , 11 percent of blacks support Trump , and 22 percent of Hispanics support Trump . Taking a look at income , likely voters making $ 50 , 000 or less each year favor Trump , while those making more than $ 75 , 000 a year favor Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton . Of those earning between $ 50 , 000 and $ 75 , 000 , 43 percent support Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton , while 41 percent support Trump —    a statistical tie . Among independents , Trump Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 44 percent to 31 percent . Among Republicans , Trump Trump 84 percent support , with eight percent backing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton . This while only 77 percent of Democrats support Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton , with nine percent saying they only 77 percent of Democrats to vote Trump Trump    tracking pollsters questioned 783 likely voters from Oct. 17 to Oct. 22 . The margin of error is plus or minus 3 . 6 percentage points . The    tracking poll has been billed as the most accurate presidential election tracking poll . 
 