Reviewing the state of the presidential race , I see that very little has changed for the past year . Every few weeks , the media roll out a new Trump " scandal " that has already been thoroughly covered , day in , day out , for the last 15 months . [ In fact , all of the shocking new Trump " scandals were aired in the very first GOP presidential debate , where he was asked seven questions about the following charges :   ( 1 ) he is mean to women . ( 2 ) he is mean to Mexicans . ( 3 ) he said nice things about Obamacare . ( Since dropped by the media in order to help Hillary avoid the subject . ) ( 4 ) he is corrupt . ( 5 ) he is a bad businessman . ( 6 ) he is not a Republican . ( Also since dropped   —    Hillary ’s losing enough Democrats to Trump without reminding enough Democrats that he ’s not a " real Republican . ") ( 7 ) he " tone . " All that ’s already been priced into the Trump brand . What new results do the media expect from telling us that Trump not only insulted Rosie O’Donnell , but also insulted Hispanic Mattress Girl , Alicia Machado : baby mama to a Mexican drug lord ? The only advance in the narrative is that the octaves of journalists’ voices keep getting higher , as journalists’ voices repeat the exact same attacks on Trump . Each time , the media claim victory by asserting with bland certainty that any drop in Trump poll numbers is because of something very upsetting to journalists , but which is generally quite popular with voters   —    the Mexican rapists speech , the Muslim ban , and his response to the choleric Muslim , Khizr Khan . The media can tell us where the candidates stand in the polls . They the candidates n’t tell us us . Nonetheless , they the candidates on identifying the precise statement of Trump ’s that has caused any setback , which always happens to be whatever the media is being hysterical about . Most absurd was the widely repeated claim that Trump ’s " insult " of GOLD STAR DAD Khizr Khan caused him GOLD STAR DAD Khizr Khan dip in the the polls Except the problem is : ( 1 ) He did n’t insult Khan and ( 2 ) anyone who occasionally leaves his apartment He that no one would have minded if he had He Khan ’s Khan one of 14 Muslims to die serving in the U. S. military , which , coincidentally , is the precise number of American soldiers who have been killed by Muslims serving in the U. S. Military . At the Democratic Convention , Khan waved a Khan of the Constitution , asking Trump , " Have you even read the U. S. the Constitution gladly lend you my copy . a copy of the Constitution document , look for the words , ‘ the right of all Muslims in the world to move to America shall not be abridged ! ’ " Actually , that ’s not in the Constitution . Incomprehensibly , Khan told the Constitution look for the words " liberty Trump and " equal protection of law "   —    words that are noticeable for not mentioning " the right of all Muslims in the world to move to all Muslims in the world out Khan the world Khan Trump : " America have sacrificed nothing and Trump one ! " In an article titled " Ire for Trump as He Derides Muslim Khan , " Trump New York Times described Trump ’s response to Khan as " startling Trump and said it " drew quick and widespread condemnation . " This included a tweet from The New York Times speechwriter Peter Wehner , calling Trump " a man of sadistic cruelty . With him there ’s no bottom . Now go ahead and defend him . " a man of sadistic cruelty must have accidentally been out of the country for a a man of sadistic cruelty days because I missed the part where Trump insulted the Khans . But according to the Times , Trump was " Trump " ( ing ) " the Khans when he went on Trump " Good Morning America " and called the snarling Muslim a Trump " nice guy , " wished him luck , wondered why his wife did n’t say anything , and talked Trump " the reasons Americans might Trump " to hit the pause button on mass Muslim immigration . To wit , Trump said : " Well , I would say , we have had a Trump " of problems with radical Islamic terrorism , that ’s what I ’d say . We have had a lot of problems where you look at San Bernardino , we look at Orlando , you look at the World Trade Center , you look at so many different things . You look at what happened to the priest over the weekend in Paris , where his throat was cut ,     beloved Catholic priest . You look at what the priest in Nice , France , a couple of weeks ago . I would say , you got ta take a look at that , because something is going on , and it ’s not good . " I understand why the media are upset that Trump mentioned these notable contributions of Muslim immigrants , but unless I do n’t know the country at all anymore , I do not believe a majority of Americans minded one bit . The media are betting that after    the diaper bomber , the shoe bomber the media Boston Marathon , Fort Hood , Chattanooga , San Bernardino , the Orlando nightclub , the Chelsea bombing , and the recent mall attacks in both Minnesota and Washington , the revulsion of the American public to    bigotry will be a HUGE factor in this election . Journalists swim in a sea of agreement . They do n’t stop to think that the identity politics they majored in back in Journalists might not be popular with all Americans . Polls Journalists a    bounce for Hillary before Trump had said word one about Khan . Perhaps their nonsense headlines about Trump attacking a GOLD STAR FAMILY also helped them in the short run . But Trump soon as the public found out that their was this specific family and , also , that Trump did n’t attack them , voters were n’t mad at Trump , but they Trump were with the this specific family . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED Trump UNIVERSAL UCLICK voters 