  ( CNN ) First lady Melania Trump visited Children ’s National Health System in Washington on Friday , First lady Melania Trump second visit there in as many months , to help the hospital mark the official opening of a healing garden dedicated to the first ladies of the United States . " I was lucky to met so many very brave and amazing children , " First lady Melania Trump said in brief remarks to more than 100 guests , including patients , donors and friends of the hospital . " We had so much fun touring this space and planting many seeds . I look forward to coming back when everything that we planted We in full bloom . " The new garden , which was inspired by a child whose last wish was to go outside , is named for Rachel Lambert " Bunny " Mellon , a longtime friend and mentor to first lady Jacqueline Kennedy who redesigned the White House Rose Garden . Former first ladies Michelle Obama , Laura Bush , Hillary Clinton , Barbara Bush , Nancy Reagan ( before she passed away ) and Rosalynn Carter serve as honorary chairs . " It took so many kind and caring people focused on these very brave and amazing children , and the end result is something everyone should be proud of , " Trump said . " This garden will be a quiet space for children to benefit from nature ’s most important elements : fresh air and beautiful views to relax and enjoy in peace . It has This garden been my belief that a nurturing and positive environment is vital to the health and    of all children . "   President John F. Kennedy asked Mellon , who passed away in 2014 , to redesign the White House Rose Garden during a Cape Cod picnic .   " He wanted President John F. Kennedy start , in the greatest haste , to remake the area near his office President John F. Kennedy the west end of the White House , known as the Rose Garden , into an area both useful and attractive ? " Mellon wrote Mellon the White House Historical Association . " Would I design it for him ? Mellon was it startling request to say the least . "   " As an amateur , I questioned my ability to design a garden of such importance , " she wrote . " Paying little attention to that doubt , he bubbled Mellon enthusiasm , with fascinating details of how he wanted Mellon garden to appeal to the most discriminating taste , yet a garden that would hold a thousand people for a ceremony . What gardener could resist ? "   Many years later , Mellon ’s estate provided a $ 5 million gift for the     garden project at Children ’s National , which is accessible to patients with wheelchairs , crutches and IV poles .   Trump ’s social secretary , Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd , known as Rickie , also has a connection to the garden : Her husband is Mellon ’s grandson .   After a    ceremony , Trump sat Trump table with young patients , helping them with young patients craft activity : painting flower pots .    " I remember you , " she said Her a little boy in a hat . " How are you feeling ? Good ? "   Trump talked Trump the children as they worked the children their crafts the children coloring a floral coloring sheet with a pink marker and bonding with one girl who was celebrating a birthday .   " My birthday was this Wednesday , " Trump told Trump girl Her table of crafters continued to talk about birthdays , including President Donald Trump which is in June .   " He ’s 70 , " the first lady said when asked how old her husband was .   the first lady also asked the Trump about their favorite books and singers the children and after several minutes of crafting , she thanked them for Trump time with the children . One young Trump presented her with a picture Trump   " That ’s so nice , " she said . " Trump ! I love it . "   CORRECTION : This story has been updated to correctly identify the honorary chairs of the hospital . 
 