  ( CNN ) Thousands of people are fleeing the eastern ,    part of Aleppo .    forces have breached the once stable front lines in this battered city . The end is near .   The end ’s the beginning of the end of the uprising against the regime of Bashar    that began March 15 , 2011 , in the opening phases of what once was optimistically called the Arab Spring . It is also , perhaps , the final death knell for that string of revolts or revolutions or uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Syria , Bahrain and Yemen , which have ended in catastrophe ( with the possible exception of Tunisia ) .   I reported from Aleppo in August 2012 , when it appeared the Syrian uprising had a chance to succeed . Aleppo , Syria ’s largest city and Syria industrial powerhouse , had initially stayed out of the rebellion . But in the summer of 2012 it rose up against the regime , and when it joined the revolt it seemed , back then , only a matter of time before the regime would come tumbling down .   In the already severely battered neighborhood of Salahadin , a masked rebel fighter told me he was confident victory was near .   " We will win , because we We iman     faith     we We faith , " he he me . " We We in God . They , the regime , do n’t believe in God God "   But in the time I spent in Aleppo , there were also hints already that the opposition was divided , and already some of the factions showed signs of extremism .   I recall sitting on the curb in front of a police station in the    neighborhood of Sukkari when we heard a gunshot . The rebels inside , who were part of the Tawhid faction , had just executed someone accused of being a spy .   Moments later a young man was brought outside , blindfolded , his a young man tied behind his a young man , led by two masked gunmen .   His a young man , who was sitting next to me a young man the curb , explained the young man , 16 years old , had been arrested and interrogated because rebel fighters had found the phone numbers of girls on his a young man phone . The faction , which now controlled his a young man , was taking him a young man to his a young man , who would be forced to pay a $ 75 fine . Later that afternoon , we watched as a man and woman , her a man and woman hidden by a veil , left the neighborhood pushing a baby carriage full of bundles . I asked the woman where they These people going . " We These people leaving . These people are no better than the regime . In fact , they These people worse , " she the woman back , without stopping .   Five years later , and the tide has decisively turned .   Russia came to Assad ’s rescue in September 2015 . With massive Russian air power against them massive Russian air power against them and Assad Assad help from Iran and Hezbollah , the rebels are losing ground everywhere .   The opposition , always a hodgepodge of often mutually hostile groups united only by their enmity of the regime , hold only scattered and shrinking pockets of territory around Damascus , Homs , Daraa and Aleppo , with the only sizable area still under their their in Idlib province . Turkey supports factions of the Free Syrian Army along Syria ’s northern border , and the United States backs the    Syrian Democratic Forces in the northeast , but both those groups are focused on fighting ISIS , not the regime .   The Obama administration , which drew red lines in Syria , which demanded the ouster of Assad , which called for democracy and human rights in Syria Syria in the end could do little to change the course of events . The fight against ISIS took precedence over all else .   What will President Trump do in the Middle East ? In those areas where the government    control , the future for former opponents is bleak . The dreaded Mukhabarat , or secret police , is almost certain to hunt down and punish those who took up arms against Assad .   Middle Eastern dictators are not known for their Middle Eastern dictators , and Syria is no exception .   If you want to know how Assad Assad likely to deal with his Assad opponents , just look at the case of the February 1982 Hama uprising .   That year , members of the Muslim Brotherhood tried to seize the central Syrian city from the regime of Hafez    Bashar ’s father . Regime forces , led by Bashar Bashar , Rifaat , surrounded Hama Hama pummeled it Hama weeks with tank and artillery fire , killing at least 10 , 000 . Afterward , they members of the Muslim Brotherhood in , slaughtering thousands more , rebels and civilians alike .   Aleppo family says goodbye on Twitter , I visited Hama Hama in the early 1990s : It was an eerie place crawling with informers where , unlike elsewhere in Syria , people were hesitant to speak with outsiders . The regime had bulldozed the old city to the ground , and built atop it a The regime hotel and parks .   When eastern Aleppo falls Aleppo it ’s The regime a matter of time before the remaining pockets of resistance will fall , either by fire or capitulation .   And the end of the uprising will have arrived . 
 