Koblenz , Germany ( CNN ) Swelling music and angry rhetoric , straight from the Donald Trump inauguration playbook , were prominent Saturday as Europe ’s nationalist parties gathered under the banner " Europe of Nations and Freedom "     their political bloc in the European Union parliament .    The big stars :   France ’s Marine Le Pen , the Netherlands’ Geert Wilders and Germany ’s Frauke Petry , each of the Netherlands’ Geert Wilders contesting elections this year . One large banner trumpeted " 2017 : The Year of the Patriots . "   Marine Le Pen led the charge with a speech that promised an end to the European Union . She Marine Le Pen the the European Union a monstrous " chimera " and an "   oligarchy " that France needed to leave . " The day after my election , I will address the European the European Union for the return of our four sovereign powers the European Union " she Marine Le Pen , naming them as territory , the European Union , economy and legislative . " Without those there is no freedom for the people and no capacity to implement the necessary reforms , " Le Pen said . " Because it is not about allowing a    supranational structure to remove the laws that the people decided on . " She Marine Le Pen cited similarities between Trump ’s inauguration speech and the message of the conference leaders to reclaim national sovereignty . Conference attendees chant ’lying press’ The conference opened , not with soaring words , but a sharp attack on the media that set an unnerving note : Marcus Pretzel of the    Alternative For Germany ( AFD ) singled out the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper and several other local German media , which had been excluded from the conference , to The conference they were not welcome . several other local German media, which had been excluded from the conference crowd responded with wild applause and chants of " luggenpresse " or " lying press "     the German catchphrase used in Nazi propaganda to smash dissent . There were a few hundred in attendance , mostly AFD supporters . They cheered on their candidate The crowd Frauke Petry The crowd with shouts of " Merkel must go . "   German Chancellor Angela Merkel was Merkel about leader in the speeches , after US President Donald Trump . While Merkel ’s decision to allow in hundreds of Merkel a refugees last year was deemed " catastrophic , " Trump , on the other hand , was hailed US President Donald Trump his victory in the presidential election . Petry : Merkel do n’t want this diversity , Petry ’s speech was more philosophical , rather than a rousing campaign speech , but she made clear that opposing immigration was her priority Petry’s " Mass migration is sold to Petry’s as ’diversity.’ Well , we do n’t want this ’diversity’ that Brussels dictates us us . " " Together with patriots of Europe us the nation state will come back , " Petry told the crowd . " But we have to be courageous to rethink Europe and us ’s freedom . " It was Europe notoriously Europe Wilders who spelled out the threat , as he saw it :   " blonde " Europeans , he said , were in danger of becoming " he in their own countries " because of " islamization . " But , just as in the United States against Trump ’s inauguration , large    were mobilized against the message of the conference . While delegates applauded Le Pen , Wilders and Petry inside the conference venue , thousands of protesters outside chanted "   out ! " and promised to continue demonstrating throughout the elections this year .    It may or may not become the    " Year of the Patriots , " but it will almost certainly be a tumultuous year in politics for Europe . 
 