Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Rep. Ron DeSantis ( . ) have revealed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Rep. Ron DeSantis ( .) plans to introduce a constitutional amendment that will impose term limits for both congressmen and senators . [ In a joint    for The Washington Post , the two Republican firebrands said that term limits would be an effective way for the new Republican administration to " drain the swamp . "   " We believe that the rise of political careerism in modern Washington is a drastic departure from what the founders intended of our federal governing bodies . To effectively " drain the swamp , " we our it is past time to enact term limits for Congress . " A policy of congressional term limits was repeatedly advocated for by    Donald Trump during his   Donald Trump campaign , with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan also voicing his Paul Ryan for the idea . The amendment would impose a three term limit for members of congress and a two term limit for senators . Both Cruz and DeSantis also point to the " broad support " for congressional term limits , citing a Ramussen survey conducted in October that showed 74 % of likely voters supported the the idea Proposals to impose congressional term limits have been voted on before , with a 1998 proposal failing to receive the necessary two thirds support for passage . Similarly in 2012 , the Senate overwhelmingly rejected a    measure endorsing the amendment . " The time is now for Congress , with the overwhelming support of the American people , to pass a constitutional amendment establishing congressional term limits and send it to a constitutional amendment establishing congressional term limits states for speedy ratification , " the pair said . " With control of a decisive majority of the states the states executive branch , the House of Representatives and the Senate , the Republican Party has the responsibility to respond to the voters’ call to action . We must , and we can , We , " they concluded . the executive branch, the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Republican Party can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew com 
 