PALATINE , Ill.   —    Tall and sylphlike , an athlete with delicate features and a blond topknot , she changes clothes behind a privacy curtain in the girls’ locker room at she high school . But just being allowed to set foot in the girls’ locker room at her high school was a huge victory for she . She she transgender . She she in May   —    but the war over how to accommodate transgender students is far from over in her she suburb . A new legal challenge is making its way through A new legal challenge courts . And a coalition of insurgent school board candidates , an evangelical church and conservative parents are looking to reshape district policy . The goal : preventing transgender girls and boys from sharing the bathrooms and locker rooms of their choice with transgender girls and boys girls and boys , on the grounds that they are " transgender girls and boys opposite biological sex . " Their presence , transgender girls and boys opponents argue , violates community standards of decency . They cast the transgender girls and boys as one of basic modesty , but the transgender student says it goes far the issue than that . " Really , nobody ’s getting naked , " said the girl , who is identified as Student A in court papers and asked not to be named to protect her privacy . the transgender student This fear that trans people exist and should not have the right to exist . That ’s the driving force here . " The school board election is set for Tuesday , only days after lawmakers in North Carolina , mired in a battle of its own , The school board election a state law restricting bathroom use in public buildings . In February , after a dispute among his own cabinet officials , President Trump reversed federal protections allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice , transgender students those decisions to state and local authorities . That in turn prompted the Supreme Court not to take what advocates had hoped would be a defining transgender bathroom case . Student A has been a pioneer in Township High School District 211 , which covers five schools in relatively affluent communities northwest of Chicago that have a patchwork of ad hoc policies for transgender students . She filed a Student A with the civil rights office of the federal Department of Education in 2013 that resulted in a 2015 settlement allowing her to use Student A girls’ locker room at William Fremd High School , in Palatine ( and at other schools during school activities ) . The school had William Fremd High School quietly allowing her to use Student A girls’ bathroom . girls’ that agreement , essentially a contract between the district and the federal government , applies only to one person : Student A. It will expire when that agreement, essentially a contract between the district and the federal government graduates , Student A the district ’s future policy unclear . Waiting in the wings : two transgender boys known as Student B , now in junior high , and Student C , a freshman at another high school , and a transgender girl identified as N. S. who has filed a state discrimination complaint . The township district settlement was one of several federal agreements on transgender students’ rights made under the Obama administration across the country in places like Summerville , S. C. and Broadalbin , N. Y. The repercussions are still playing out here . There is a slate of three insurgent candidates who oppose the district ’s transgender practices , Ralph Bonatz , Katherine David and Jean Forrest , in the school board elections . The candidates call themselves three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest Purpose , three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest if they win , they will three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest tip the three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest of the    school board to their side . In a three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest flier , the candidates said they would three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest restroom access three insurgent candidates who oppose the district’s transgender practices, Ralph Bonatz, Katherine David and Jean Forrest to students of the opposite biological sex . " At a recent candidates’ forum , Ms. David said that she would represent " our community Ms. David beliefs and values . " Mr. Bonatz , describing himself as a " regular guy Mr. Bonatz " said the district should not be " compromising the    and dignity of 99 percent of the students . " James Pittman Jr. pastor of New Hope Community Church , an evangelical congregation of about 50 active members in Palatine , has become a regular , along with members of his church , at school board James Pittman Jr. and candidates’ forums where transgender policy is discussed . Pastor Pittman has become a particularly James Pittman Jr. against the argument often made that the transgender rights movement is heir to the civil rights movement . " I am black my family members are black , " members of his church an interview in his James Pittman Jr. . " None of my James Pittman Jr. members his church would equate this movement to the civil rights movement . Matter of the transgender rights movement that ’s the civil rights movement " We did n’t choose to be black , " he said , " and no matter James Pittman Jr. choice we make in the future , guess what ? We ’re still going to We black . " A letter from the church We : " God created two distinct and his church in the very biology of the human race . A biological male is never female or vice versa . " Many of the community members who oppose the school district ’s transgender practices make a point of referring to transgender students by their birth sex , not by the sex that they identify with or that , transgender students some instances , is written on their official transgender students . To them , Student A is a " he , " transgender students a " she . transgender students The battle is also taking place Student A the courtroom . More than 50 families have signed on to a lawsuit filed in Federal District Court by the Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian advocacy group based in Arizona , arguing that district policy toward Student A violates students’ right to privacy . They say that girls in the locker room are in a constant state of anxiety More than 50 families the possibility that they will see Student A undressed , or that she will see them . The More than 50 families Civil Liberties Union has taken up the other Student A . Dan More than 50 families , one of the plaintiffs , put his daughter , Sarah , in a Christian school in the fall rather than send her to a District 211 high school . " Regardless of what he thinks he Student A , he ’s still a male , " Mr. Harrington said his Student his Like many his the opponents , Mr. Harrington and his daughter have not met the transgender students they are talking about Mr. Harrington is not sure , that one of the younger transgender Mr. Harrington was in her Girl Scout troop . They say they are sympathetic to the students , whom the plaintiffs’ lawyer , Sarah McCaleb , describes as one of the younger transgender boys was in her Girl Scout troop sincerely one of the younger transgender boys was in her Girl Scout troop . " But , Mr. Harrington said , " we have a lifestyle that we want to live , a modest lifestyle , a wholesome lifestyle . " Referring to Student A , we said , " He can do whatever he wants to do it ’s his life . " But Sarah father said that Mr. Harrington " do not Mr. Harrington to pay taxes for this Mr. Harrington violation of people ’s Sarah . " Another plaintiff , Vicki Wilson , said she was acting purely on principle , not out of any personal hostility . " I have a daughter Sarah   —    ca n’t get her into a dress for the life of me , " she said . Girls who complained , she a daughter , were " belittled and bullied . " And she Sarah she worried that some girls who Sarah been sexually abused would have their trauma rekindled by transgender Sarah in Sarah locker room . Student A said the fuss had been magnified some girls who had been sexually abused parents . Her classmates , she said , have long perceived her as feminine . She always liked jewelry and began Sarah girls’ jeans Sarah sixth grade . " They Sarah create this fictitious Sarah , " she said . " When you humanize the issue , it becomes a nonissue . " Most people , Sarah said , " forget I ’m even trans . the issue At her school , her identity is an Sarah secret . At the candidates’ forum , Bradley Posdal , 19 Sarah a college Sarah , sat in a row near the front . He graduated from Fremd last year and attended the forum because he wanted to be an " informed voter , " he said . But it was the candidates’ forum for him He tell which candidate stood where on the transgender issue He both sides seemed to be speaking in code He " They repeated the word ‘ privacy’ a lot   —    and ‘ dignity,’ " Mr. Posdal said . Yes both sides he said , he knows Student A. He has since middle school , where she was bullied . And , Mr. Posdal said with Mr. Posdal smile , they Mr. Posdal the same church . " At least among my friend group , Mr. Posdal he said , " it ’s pretty well accepted that nobody really cares . " 
 Mr. Posdal 