’   ’ ’    After Fox News anchor Chris Wallace received   for Chris Wallace performance as the moderator of the third    and final presidential debate , Chris Wallace reflected on the experience    Friday night . ’ ’    Overall , Chris Wallace said Chris Wallace was surprised by the candidates ’’    " distaste " for each other . ’ ’    " As Keith Jackson , the fabled football announcer , used to say    before a big rivalry game : ’’ These two guys just plain don’’t like    each other , ’’ " Chris Wallace said . " I mean These two guys distaste for each other     —     at the beginning , These two guys didn’’t shake    hands at the end . " ’ ’    However , the   from the debate was Republican presidential    candidate Donald Trump’ ’s refusal to accept the election results .    Chris Wallace asked Trump if Chris Wallace would do so despite Chris Wallace unfounded    declaration that the election may be " rigged " against Chris Wallace . ’ ’    " I will look at it at the time . I’’m not looking at anything now .    I’’ll look at it at the time , " Trump said . ’ ’’ ’    Pressed again by Wallace , Trump said Trump would " keep you in    suspense " about Trump decision . ’ ’    On Friday , Wallace   why Wallace   decided to ask the question    in the first place . ’ ’    " Trump for at least two weeks had been talking about this    election as ’’ rigged , ’’ ’’ It’ ’s gon na be stolen from us . ’’ And this   election had    become such an issue that last Sunday , when Mike Pence was on the    shows , Mike Pence was asked specifically about this , and Mike Pence said , of    course , Trump and I will ’’ absolutely respect the results of the    election . ’’ Trump daughter Ivanka the day of the debate on Wednesday    had said Trump and I would respect the results of the   election , " Wallace    said . " Trump had never said that . So to me , that was kind of the    perfect    question in the sense that no matter what he       , it    be news . " ’ "    Hume said one of Wallace Wallace    only critiques was from Trump supporters complaining that he did Wallace    ask Democratic presidential    candidate Hillary Clinton the same question . Wallace explained Wallace    why    did Wallace    think he needed Wallace    ask Clinton , Democratic presidential   candidate Hillary Clinton why he decided Wallace    to    Trump Trump his initial Wallace    : " 
 