’   ’ "    Donald Trump has launched an    assault on America ’s      agreements , hitting a peak in      antitrade message    that has swept      through the primary season and into the    general election . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’nother disaster done and pushed    by special interests who just want to rape our country . " ’ ’    " A continuing rape of our country , "      said . " That’ ’s what it is ,    too . It’ ’s a harsh word . It’ It’ a rape of our our country " ’ "    Trump ’s tough stance on trade aligns him much Trump with the    liberal left than it does Trump the traditional Republicans . As    Trump Trump Trump in a series of speeches and events this    week , Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont called for ensuring that TPP    does n’t get a vote before Congress . Even   " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    GOP Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , a fierce critic of Trump , told Trump Business Insider in an interview last week that he thought the Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont Manhattan billionaire’ ’s message of " economic independence " was    simply a code for " Fortress America . " ’ ’    " Anybody who believes that we’’re going to grow economically and    deal with the huge fiscal problems that we have from shutting    ourselves off    we rest of the world is just certainly not    what I’’d    a Republican , " Flake said . " I mean we believe in we free trade . We still do we Nafta is not a dirty word . " ’ ’    Trump , whose clothing line is produced overseas , has made an    antitrade argument that is " easier to identify , " Flake said . Flake    added Flake focusing only on the image of people who have lost    their jobs because a factory closed or relocated oversimplified    the issue . ’ ’   ’ ’    " But it’ ’s more difficult to identify on the net , companies that    have benefited from exports , cheaper goods , " he said . it’ Not just    cheaper goods but cheaper inputs . So takes a lot longer than a      sound bite . It’ ’s incumbent it’ us who have      terms to be talking about this , and I mean in an election    campaign , you certainly prioritize what you play up and play    down ,    boy , to play into the rhetoric and not challenge it    that the rhetoric    on is inexcusable I think . " ’ ’    He said Congress it’ to " suck up " and ratify TPP because " it    has TPP be done . " ’ ’    " I do still think there are enough people that realize we’’ve got    to do it , " he said . it’ ’    Tony Fratto , the deputy press secretary in the second Bush    administration who is now a managing partner at Hamilton Place    Strategies , was heavily involved in the administration’ ’s      policy . He   in May that an " ’ ’    " It has to do with the application of technology , " he continued . He " It’ ’s productivity and management and technology that is being    applied to a lot of complex manufacturing that is reducing the    need for workers . That is not going to change . " ’ ’    " There are lots of presidential candidates who have opposed trade     —    there are no presidents who have opposed trade , " he added . He In    the postwar period , there have been no antitrade presidents .    Every president    been   . Even if they hadn’’t been as    presidential candidates . " ’ ’    The sentiment about technology , and not trade , being the reason    for so many jobs becoming obsolete was exactly what President    Barack Obama expressed in his State of President   Barack Obama Union address earlier    this year    But the argument has fallen mostly on deaf ears . ’ "    During this week ’s North American Leaders Summit in Ottawa ,    Ontario , the subject of trade was front and center as Obama stood    onstage and answered questions next to his Canadian and Obama    counterparts   —    Justin Trudeau and Enrique Peña Nieto . " ’    Feeling the growing tide of antitrade and    sentiment    brewing back home , Obama said people Obama concerns over trade had    " a legitimate gripe about globalization . " ’ ’    " As the global economy is integrated , what we’’ve seen are trend    lines across the advanced economies of growing inequality and    stagnant wages , and a smaller and smaller share of overall    productivity and growth going to workers , and a larger portion    going to the top 1 % , " he said .    And that’ ’s a real problem . " ’ ’   ’ ’    If the trend continues , he said ,    " social cohesion " and    " political consensus needed for liberal market economies starts    breaking down . " ’ "    Such sentiment helped , in part , to put the Leave vote over the    top in last month ’s British referendum on the UK ’s membership in    the European Union . " ’    To address the issue , Obama called for investments in education ,    rebuilding infrastructure , and having " fair " tax policies . ’ ’    " And what is absolutely true is that too many folks who have been    in charge around the world have neglected that side of the    equation , " he said . too many folks who have been   in charge around the world have neglected that side of the   equation So we’’re going to keep on pushing hard to    shape an    order that works for our people . But we’’re    not going    be able to do that by cutting off trade , because    that’ ’s going to make all of us poor . " ’ ’    He later added too many folks who have been   in charge around the world have neglected that side of the   equation line that has been     along the    trail with Trump : " Free trade also has to be fair trade . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Bruce Andrews , the deputy secretary of commerce in the Obama    administration , in a recent interview with Business Insider did    not place the blame for " job disruption " on America’ ’s trade    agreements . ’ ’    He said the The deputy secretary loss that has come as a result of globalization    has " happened without any trade agreements . " ’ ’    The deputy secretary also called out people   —    without naming any    individuals   —    who " cite competition with China " as an example of    such a reason to oppose a trade deal such as TPP because " we    don’’t have a    agreement with China . " China ’    " Globalization is going to take place whether we do these trade    agreements or not , " he said .    The question is do we want to we    the rules . Do we want to we sure that American companies have    the same access that companies from other countries are going to    have ?    ’ ’   ’ ’    Along with Mexico , the chief reason he is in opposition to Nafta ,    Trump has used China as a punching bag for his antitrade message he ’ ’    During   in May , Trump insinuated that   Trump    deals led to the US being " viewed as the stupid country , "    shrugging off the potential consequences of a trade war with    other countries . ’ ’    " These dummies say , ’’ Oh , that’ ’s a trade war , ’’ " he said . that’ Trade    war ? We’’re losing $ 500 billion in trade with China . Who the hell    cares if there’ ’s a trade war ? " ’ ’    Andrews cited various reasons to stand behind TPP : He considers    there’ a renegotiation of Nafta with Mexico and Canada , raising    standards with the two countries ; it cuts thousands    tariff    lines , which he called " there’ a tax cut " for Americans ; and    it opens up    much larger portion of the global markets to    unrestricted access for American corporations . ’ ’    He , like there’ , emphasized Obama the US had the US a better job of    training people for the jobs that are available . ’ ’    " We can’’t turn the clock back on globalization , " he said .    there’ Globalization is going to happen whether we like it or not . What    we can do    prepare the United States to be competitive , create    the technologies of    future , invest in research and    development , make sure they’’re manufactured here , making sure our    workers have they’’re to do them , then give the our   workers access    to other markets through trade deals . " ’ ’    The argument that trade deals provide cheaper goods to all    Americans , a point that is made by both Republicans and Democrats    who support TPP , was ripped by Trump .     Trump said " we’’re better off paying a    little bit more and having jobs . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s a it’ better system , the way it used to it’ , " he said . it’ We    manufacture goods and sell them to other countries . We    a lot of    people say the goods will come in and they’’ll be cheaper , yeah ,    but we lost all our jobs . So we’’re we off if the goods aren’’t    quite the goods but we keep our jobs . And we goods all our jobs of a the goods quality because we do a    good . And we’’re    known for that . But all of a sudden the jobs are gone . " ’ ’ all our jobs ’    In a recent interview with Business Insider , US Trade    Representative Michael Froman said the antitrade message from the    campaign   —    the message championed by Trump   —    was simple . ’ ’    " The fact is , you don’’t get to vote on automation , " he said . " You    don’’t get to don’’t on whether the next don’’t computers or    robots are going to be brought into your workplace . You don’’t    really get to vote on globalization . It’ don’’t a it’ . It’ ’s a it’ .    It’ ’s a it’ of the containerization of shipping , the spread    of broadband , the integration of countries like China and Eastern    China that used to be closed to the global economy the global economy    of the global economy . ’ the global economy Trade agreements become the vessel into which people pour quite    legitimate economic insecurities , " he continued . " And you do get    to vote on trade agreements    and they do get to become a    scapegoat for a lot of the other    , legitimate concerns . "    
 