  ( CNN ) I ’ve been doing a lot of traveling for Donald Trump lately . My first trip came three months ago when I traveled from New York to knock on doors in Reading , Pennsylvania , to get out the vote for Hillary Clinton . Now I ’m on the road again , making my way to the nation ’s capital to join the Women ’s March on Washington on Saturday . I ’m going with my teenage daughter . As a male , I ’m sort of hoping a male manage to take over the place , since my gender has n’t exactly been doing a    job when it comes to human rights . I ’m not a joiner by nature , but I figure it ’s time to woman up . One thing I ’ve discovered during my previous travels for Trump is that even those who , like me , have daughters may not care what Trump says or does     even those who, like me, have daughters ’ll support Trump anyway . In Pennsylvania , I met some people who were    at the prospect of what would have been our first woman president . But others literally hissed at the mention of our first woman president name and slammed the door in my face . But I care what Trump says and does . Listening during the campaign to Trump ’s    comments about women , watching Trump bullying demeanor and hearing Trump taped boasting about being a sexual predator made me realize how much it bothers me . Apparently , the new leader of the free world thinks a women ’s role either should be serving the new leader of the free world dinner or parading around in a bathing suit . I remember during the debates when Trump responded to a Clinton barb about Trump actions by shouting , " No one respects women more than I do . " I think what Trump meant to say was , " No one inspects women more than I do . " That ’s why I ’m taking this second Trump trip Saturday . My     traveling companion is at that tender age when My    traveling companion can first detect the steady drumbeat of life ’s injustices . I remember that time , of being outraged at the cultivated ignorance that allowed that time to continue . Why have n’t things changed , I remember thinking .   I grew up in an era before Gloria Steinem was a household name and my hometown in the Midwest was n’t exactly a hotbed of enlightenment . Maybe that ’s why my feelings about women were pretty much old school even in the early years of my first marriage .   The realization that women ’s rights are human rights came later with the birth of two daughters . Funny how daughters turn your vision around . My first went on to earn a doctorate , but daughters still tells me stories about encountering barriers for females in the professional world . My teenager , the one from my second marriage , attends a racially mixed high school and already sees the    disadvantages some of daughters friends face . I want daughters to grow up in a world where a woman controls daughters own body and determines a woman own future .   All this took a long time to sink in over the years . But what do you expect ? I ’m a guy . I expect Saturday ’s march will bring worthy speeches , roaring crowds . I am hoping that at some point , our new President will look out at the ocean of people and think , " Perhaps , I should keep in mind that the majority of people in this country voted for the other candidate . " But I have a feeling our new President will be thinking , " I wonder how many of these people will buy my book ? " I ’m hoping other men     or other dads     will join our in Washington . I ’ll be the    guy trudging along with    daughter in solidarity with fellow citizens in a multiracial , female , male , trans , disabled , indigenous , immigrant , lesbian , gay rainbow .   Yeah , me . The guy from the Midwest who did n’t become a feminist until The guy from the Midwest who didn’t become a feminist until he decided to raise one decided to raise one . Who knew . I ’m pretty sure that unlike our    new resident in the White House , our are all going to get along great . And that everyone will get our   new resident in the White House, we are all going to get along great say     equally . I hope , like me , The guy from the Midwest who didn’t become a feminist until he decided to raise one finally gets the message . 
 