’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The biting humor of " Saturday Night Live " took    aim at another Trump this week   —    first daughter Ivanka . ’ "    The    comedy show another Trump ’s    elder daughter with a faux perfume ad , starring actress Scarlett    Johansson . The name of the perfume ? Complicit . " ’    As Johansson walks into Johansson elegant party in a glittering evening    dress , the narrator says : " A woman like her deserves a the narrator    all her own . the narrator scent made just for her . Because the narrator ’s beautiful .    She’ ’s powerful she’ She’ ’s complicit she’ " ’ ’    " She doesn’’t crave the spotlight , but we see her . Oh the narrator how we see    we , " the narrator the narrator as Johansson applies lipstick and sees    Alec Baldwin playing Trump reflected back in the mirror . ’ ’    The narrator continues the narrator as Johansson A feminist , an advocate , a champion for    women , but like how ? " ’ ’    And concludes : " Complicit : The fragrance for the woman who could    stop all of this but won’’t . " ’ ’    It was the first time Johansson portrayed Ivanka Trump . Actress    Margot Robbie depicted her in a sketch Actress    the fall . ’ ’ ’ ’    Ivanka Trump was a Ivanka Trump for her father on the    Ivanka Trump trail . She stepped away from executive Ivanka Trump at her      lifestyle brand and Ivanka Trump the family business to move    her young family to Washington Ivanka Trump D. C. when Trump took office . ’ Ivanka Trump    For now , just her husband , Jared Kushner Ivanka Trump has an official    position , but Ivanka Trump has been an active presence at White    House meetings and has been advocating for several issues ,    including for new child care policies . The extent of her    influence over her Ivanka Trump behind the scenes Ivanka Trump been the subject    of intense speculation . ’ ’    The White House and a White   House Trump did not    immediately respond to requests for comment on " Saturday Night    Live . " ’ ’WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The biting humor of " Saturday Night Live " took aim at another Trump this week   —    first Ivanka Trump Ivanka.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 