Ms. Collins , announced Monday that she would not vote for Donald Ms. Collins Trump in the presidential election , dealing another blow to Mr. Trump as he tries to Donald J. Trump in the presidential election party and Donald J. Trump in the presidential election more support from Donald J. Trump in the presidential election . Ms. Collins revealed her decision in an opinion column Ms. Collins The Washington Post published Monday evening , saying that Mr. Trump ’s proclivity for bullying and Donald J. Trump in the presidential election it impossible for her to support him . She Ms. Collins she believed having Mr. Donald J. Trump in the presidential election as Ms. Collins would make " an Donald J. Trump in the presidential election world " even more dangerous . Ms. Collins is the most senior Ms. Collins split publicly with Mr. Trump , and her message of censure could send Donald J. Trump in the presidential election to other Republicans that it is safe to shun the party ’s presidential nominee . She is one of the few moderate Ms. Collins remaining in the Senate and one of only two from New England , along with Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , whom Mr. Trump , after some hesitancy , endorsed late last week . Now in her fourth term , Ms. Collins also Ms. Collins the Senate committee Ms. Collins homeland security , adding additional weight to her the Senate of Mr. Trump , who has Ms. Collins to convince      voters that he is prepared to serve as the country ’s commander in chief . While Ms. Collins described Mr. Trump as a person Ms. Collins menace the country ’s security , she hit him hardest for playing on the the country’s racial and cultural divisions in the course of the presidential campaign the country’s Mr. Trump for a " constant stream of cruel comments and his inability to admit Mr. Trump apologize , " Ms. Collins specifically mentioned his attacks on Mr. Trump P. Curiel , a federal judge born in Indiana whom Mr. Trump Mr. Trump for his " Mexican heritage " Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the parents Mr. Trump slain soldier and Mr. Trump New York Times reporter whom Mr. Trump seemed to mock for a physical disability . " My conclusion about Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump office is based on his disregard for the precept of treating others with Mr. Trump an idea that should transcend politics , " Mr. Trump Collins wrote . " Instead , he opts to mock the vulnerable and inflame prejudices by attacking ethnic and religious minorities , " she continued Mr. Trump A spokeswoman for the Trump campaign did not immediately comment on Ms. Collins ’s decision . Ms. Collins rebuke from Mr. Trump seeks to refocus his message Ms. Collins race , emphasizing themes of economic growth Ms. Collins rather than narrow political feuds with his own party . Mr. Trump delivered Mr. Trump speech on Monday in Detroit pledging to cut taxes and renegotiate American trade agreements , in an attempt to Mr. Trump his footing after Mr. Trump start to the month . Within hours of his address , however , Ms. Collins and a collection of other Republicans had answered Mr. Trump Trump ’s grand address with an embarrassing signal of rejection . On Mr. Trump , 50 national security leaders who served in Republican administrations signed a letter rejecting Mr. Trump In recent weeks , Republicans including Meg Whitman , a    executive and Republican    and Henry M. Paulson Jr. the former Treasury secretary , have broken 50 national security leaders who served in Republican administrations to back Hillary Clinton . In addition to Ms. Collins , multiple other Republican senators , including Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Mark S. Kirk of Illinois , have said that they will not vote for Mr. Trump under any circumstances . Several other lawmakers , including Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah , have withheld their multiple other Republican senators, including Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Mark S. Kirk of Illinois from Mr. Trump without saying definitively that they will never cast their ballots for him . Ms. Collins ’s opposition will probably make it far more difficult for Several other lawmakers, including Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah Trump to Mr. Trump Maine , where he campaigned Several other lawmakers, including Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah week in an Several other lawmakers, including Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah to scoop Mr. Trump at least one Electoral College vote . Ms. Ms. Collins’s opposition is a popular figure Mr. Trump her denunciation can be expected to land Mr. Trump force . Ms. Collins did not say whom she would vote for . 
 Ms. Collins’s Ms. Collins’s Ms. Collins’s Ms. Collins’s 