  ( CNN ) The author addressed the letter " to the children of Satan " and called Muslims " a vile and filthy people . "   " There ’s a new sheriff in town , " the letter said , " President Donald Trump . " An anonymous group calling itself " Americans for a Better Way " has sent a letter to at least five California mosques and another one in Georgia , according to the Council for Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) a Muslim advocacy group . " He President Donald Trump going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the jews [ sic ] , " the a letter . " You muslims [ sic ] would be wise to pack your bags and get out of Dodge . "    crimes on the rise , The letters are the latest in a growing number of Islamophobic crimes during the past few years . From 2014 to 2015 ,    crimes in the US rose by    according    the FBI ’s latest annual hate crime report . Mark Potok , a senior fellow with the Southern Poverty Law Center , said such crimes have risen to the highest level since the    terror attacks .   Following the presidential election , the SPLC has documented more than 700 incidents of hateful harassment or intimidation against minorities . According to CAIR , at least 100    incidents have taken place during that same period . And after Islamic centers in Signal Hill , Pomona , Northridge , Granada Hills and San Jose received copies of the vitriolic letter , CAIR has CAIR for "   police protection of local mosques . " The Pomona Mosque said on its Facebook The Pomona Mosque that it received The Pomona Mosque letter the vitriolic letter In an online statement , the mosque in The Pomona Mosque copy of the letter Thursday The Pomona Mosque the vitriolic letter We informed the proper authorities and San Jose police The Pomona Mosque a formal investigation , " the statement said . The San Jose Police Department , an online statement the letter as a " hate motivated " incident , said in a statement it would conduct a    investigation .    The letter : The San Jose Police Department infection’ in the country , At a press conference Monday , law enforcement officials and Muslim leaders in Los Angeles gathered to address the letter ’s contents .   John Stedman , a commander the letter as a "hate motivated" incident Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , encouraged the affected communities to report any letters they received either in person or online to authorities . No incident is John Stedman, a commander with the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department small , federal and local authorities echoed . LAPD Deputy Chief Michael Downing , who specializes in counterterrorism , said the incidents are " caused by people who are fearful of communities that do n’t look or behave like they do . " FBI Agent Steve Wollory pledged the agency would follow the incidents on all leads . But the FBI will FBI Agent Steve Wollory the current incidents as the letters contain no FBI violence , Wollory the incidents authorities plan to lead the investigations , he added .   Salam    FBI Agent Steve Wollory of the Muslim Public Affairs Council , took the podium FBI Agent Steve Wollory call out the letter ’s anonymous author . " You are a coward unless you come here and debate the points that you apparently believe so much in , "     said . " Let us debate these issues out in the open and let this bacteria be exposed to oxygen and nutrition and healthy water so that we can remove this infection from America , " he added . Hedab Tarifi , chair of us Islamic Center of Southern California , followed up this infection a tantamount message : Do n’t waste your energy because the law enforcement is on you , " Tarifi said . " You ’re not going to scare us . " Letter sent across the country , In addition to the five California mosques , us said another letter had made its way to the Savannah Islamic Center located Southern California 2 , 500 miles away in Georgia . Wollory letter , found by the facility manager , had a postmark in California , CNN affiliate WSAV reports .   Wollory said the letters look similar in language but Southern California he did not want to be absolute Wollory   " They look like they ’ve come from Wollory same author , " Wollory said . In similar past incidents , They FBI has been able to trace it back Wollory the origin , he added . On Monday , the gates of the Savannah the FBI Center were decorated with flowers Wollory notes from community members expressing solidarity . The mosque responded with a post on Facebook . " Thank you , " it said . 
 The mosque 