TEL AVIV   —    Here are the five most important aspects of Donald Trump ’s speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , or AIPAC , on Monday . [ 1   —    Donald Trump’s said Donald Trump’s will " dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . "   My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . I have Iran in business a long time . I know    and let me tell you , this deal is catastrophic the disastrous deal with Iran    for America , for Israel , and for the whole Middle East . However , Donald Trump’s stopped short of pledging to immediately nix the international nuclear accord signed in Vienna last year . Donald Trump’s stated at AIPAC that " at the very least , we must hold Iran accountable AIPAC restructuring the Iran of the previous deal . " Channelling the sentiments of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Donald Trump’s said Iran should suffer immediate consequences Iran likely violating U. N. Security Council resolution 2231 by conducting a series of ballistic missile tests in recent days . Netanyahu last week called for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu powers to take " immediate punitive steps " against Iran for the missile tests Iran Donald Trump’s stated : The deal is silent on test missiles but those tests DO violate UN the missile tests Resolutions . The problem is , no one has done anything about it . Which brings me to no one next point   —    the utter weakness and incompetence of the United Nations . 2   —    Donald Trump’s declared Donald Trump’s will check Iran ’s growing regional dominance Iran The GOP frontrunner affirmed that as president Donald Trump’s will " stand up to Iran ’s aggressive push to Iran dominate the region . " He outlined Iran ’s support for terrorism The GOP frontrunner Iran Syria to the Gaza Strip to Lebanon and beyond . " They ’ve got terror cells everywhere , including in the western hemisphere very close to home , " he said . " Iran is the biggest The GOP frontrunner of terrorism Iran the world and we will work to dismantle that reach . " This policy of countering Iran ’s regional influence stands in stark Iran President Obama ’s own coddling of Iran , and the president ’s orientation away Iran America ’s traditional Sunni Arab allies . 3   —    Trump said he opposes the United Nations unilaterally declaring a Palestinian Trump . An agreement imposed by the UN would be a total and complete disaster the United Nations unilaterally declaring a Palestinian state United States must oppose this resolution and use America our veto . Why ? Because that ’s not how you America a deal . Deals are made when parties come to the table and negotiate . Each side must give up something it values in exchange for something it requires . A deal that imposes conditions on Israel and the it Authority will do nothing to bring peace . It will only further delegitimize Israel and it would reward Palestinian terrorism , because every day they Israel stabbing Israel   —    and even Americans . He Palestinian terrorism threatened to veto " any attempt by the UN to every day they are stabbing Israelis  —   and even Americans its will on the Jewish state . " 4   —    the UN vowed to move the U. S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Trump people , the U. S. Embassy    and we will send a clear signal that there is Jerusalem daylight between Trump and our most reliable ally , the state of Israel . 5   Trump    Trump will treat Israel like an ally and not a "   Trump . " When I Israel President , the days of treating Israel like a    citizen will end on Day One . I will meet Israel Prime Minister Netanyahu immediately . I have known him for many years and we will be able to work closely together to Prime Minister Netanyahu bring stability and peace to Israel and to the entire region . While this declaration may sound simplistic , Israel comes after seven years of Obama espousing policies some have argued are hostile this declaration the Jewish state . And it comes on the heels of a turbulent relationship between Obama and Netanyahu , including a notorious May 2010 White House meeting in which Obama reportedly snubbed Netanyahu for dinner with Michelle and his daughters .   Also Obama the Obama administration faced accusations it encouraged the Netanyahu of nongovernmental organizations working to defeat Obama in the 2015 the Obama administration in Israel . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem Netanyahu chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk Aaron Klein program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 