After    Donald J. Trump announced Monday that   Donald J. Trump would appoint   Donald J. Trump     the real estate investor Jared Kushner , as a senior White House adviser , lawyers for Mr. Kushner said Mr. Kushner would sell many of Mr. Kushner assets to avoid myriad potential conflicts of interest . But because   Donald J. Trump plans to sell to   Donald J. Trump brother or to a family trust controlled by   Donald J. Trump mother , some ethics lawyers interviewed questioned how meaningful the divestiture would be . Jamie S. Gorelick , a lawyer who is advising Mr. Kushner on how to deal with the ethical issues he Mr. Kushner have to navigate while advising Mr. Trump on topics that could affect his Mr. Kushner line , said Mr. Mr. Kushner sell his interest Mr. Kushner about 35 investments , including his family Mr. Kushner flagship office tower on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan . He also Mr. Kushner to restructure his role Mr. Kushner his remaining Mr. Kushner so he will Ms. Gorelick Gorelick said . In addition , she said , he will Mr. Kushner his common Mr. Kushner Ms. Gorelick as chief executive of Kushner Companies , his family Mr. Kushner and sell The New York Observer . He will Mr. Kushner recuse himself from Mr. Kushner that could affect his remaining Mr. Kushner , as well as those of his wife Mr. Kushner Ivanka Trump . " He will Mr. Kushner treated as any other person entering public service , " said Ms. Gorelick , a partner at WilmerHale and a deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton . Matthew T. Sanderson , a lawyer at Caplin   Mr. Sanderson be independent of the person selling the asset . But as outlined by Ms. Gorelick , Mr. Sanderson said , the plan falls short of that standard . Not only does Mr. Kushner intend to sell the assets to his brother , Joshua , a venture capitalist , and to a trust controlled by his mother , Seryl , but his mother and siblings are the beneficiaries of Mr. Kushner trust . " It sounds like a shell game to me , " Mr. Mr. Kushner said . Even with these Mr. Kushner , Mr. Kushner will still have links to his family ’s empire , which owns property across the country and relies on    foreign money . Recent maneuvers over the Mr. Kushner 666 Fifth Avenue underscore the complications Mr. Kushner On Saturday , The New York Times reported that Mr. Kushner had been negotiating to redevelop the building with Anbang Insurance Group , a Chinese financial firm with a murky ownership structure and state connections . The negotiations began Mr. Kushner months ago , around the time Mr. Trump clinched the Republican nomination . While the family trust will take over Mr. Kushner ’s stake in the building , the value of his interest and other details of the transaction are not known . And as a White House adviser on issues Mr. Kushner he is likely to counsel the president on America ’s Mr. Kushner with China . People close to Mr. Kushner and his wife have repeatedly highlighted the income they will be sacrificing Ms. Gorelick Mr. Kushner Ms. Trump would remove herself from management roles at the Trump Organization and at her apparel and licensing companies Ms. Trump will draw income in fixed People close to Mr. Kushner and his wife from the Trump Organization , so her salary will not fluctuate Ms. Trump on deals that could relate directly to new federal Ms. Trump or decisions by her father Ms. Trump administration . Ms. Gorelick said Mr. Kushner the Trump Organization had consulted Ms. Trump the Office of Government Ethics , and agreed to certain requests , to craft a plan that would Ms. Trump the legal requirements for Ms. Trump serve . The lawyers concluded that at least one obstacle , a federal    law , was not applicable because , while the law prohibits federal officials from hiring relatives for agencies they lead , Mr. Kushner’s White House is not an agency . " I ’m not saying that there is n’t an argument on the other side , " Ms. Gorelick said . " I just think we The lawyers the better argument . " Richard W. Painter , a professor of law at the University of Minnesota and a chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush , said Mr. Trump and his team deserved credit for bringing Mr. Mr. Painter was irrevocable , meaning it can not be modified without the permission of the beneficiaries . He also said it was a positive sign that Mr. Kushner ’s wife Mr. Painter young children were not beneficiaries . However , other relatives are . " There will be appearance issues , and you need to make sure this is not a      issue , " he said the trust 
 Mr. Painter Mr. Painter Mr. Kushner 