Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • The Turkish authorities are hunting for the gunman who opened fire at an Istanbul nightclub on New Year ’s Day , killing at least 39 people from no fewer than 12 countries . The Islamic State claimed him as " a hero soldier of the caliphate " and appeared to refer to Turkey ’s role in the Syrian war . In Iraq , the group claimed a suicide bombing in central Baghdad that killed dozens , even as it makes a brutal    effort to hang on to    only remaining Iraqi stronghold , Mosul . _ _ _ _ _ • South Korea ’s full Constitutional Court begins formal hearings on the impeachment of President Park   . Public outrage   —    initially aimed at influence by Choi    the daughter of a religious sect leader   —    has turned to broader concerns about the power of the presidency and the influence of    conglomerates like Samsung . The country is seeking the extradition of Ms. Choi ’s daughter , who was arrested in Denmark after months of hiding . _ _ _ _ _ • House Republicans surprised Washington by voting to hobble a congressional ethics office with no advance notice . The full House will consider the move today as the most powerful    Congress in 20 years goes into session , promising to roll back many of President Obama ’s signature policies . Faced with North Korea ’s threat to test an intercontinental ballistic missile ,    Donald J. Trump took to Twitter to declare bluntly , " It wo n’t happen ! " Over the weekend ,   Donald J. Trump promised to reveal " things that other people do n’t know , " possibly as soon as today , about assessments that Russia interfered in the U. S. election . _ _ _ _ _ • " We need to fight black money , even though it is hurting little people like me . " Many Indians agree with that sentiment , voiced by a Delhi taxi driver , saying they Many Indians more concerned about reining in corruption than the immediate hardships caused Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s ban on    bills . India ’s Supreme Court ruled that candidates for political office may not run on    or    appeals . The decision comes ahead of assembly elections that will test the strength of Mr. Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Janata Party . _ _ _ _ _ • SpaceX traced the explosion of its Falcon 9 SpaceX in September to the unexpected interplay of supercold helium and oxygen with carbon fibers and aluminum . The company said SpaceX resume launches SpaceX early as Sunday . • American tech giants like Google , Apple and Facebook are on a collision course with European regulators over issues including privacy and taxes . •    saunas , or jjimjilbangs , are doing a brisk business in parts of the United States . • Ads from a slew of major U. S. companies prominently feature Muslims as part of an inclusive marketing strategy . • Thinking about asking for a raise , or changing jobs ? Or just want to be happier at work ? Here ’s a roundup of advice on retuning your career . • Most major markets reopen after the New Year ’s holiday . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • China ’s pledge to shut down its commercial ivory trade China galvanizing support among African trading partners and could boost its international standing . China The New York Times ] • Suicide bombers struck the international airport in Mogadishu , Somalia , killing at least three security officers . [ Al Jazeera ] • A prison battle in Brazil between gangs fighting for control of the cocaine trade left about 60 inmates dead   —    some decapitated . [ The New York [The New York Times] • The New York Times by police investigators , indicating that a graft inquiry has become a criminal investigation . [ The New York Times ] • Pakistan began a [The New York Times] • of Quetta after The New York Times virus was found in sewage samples . [ Reuters ] • A Mongolian official ’s apology for allowing the Dalai Lama to visit is the latest sign that Chinese pressure is outweighing the country ’s deep ties to the Tibetan leader . [ The New York Times ] • Pan Pan , a     panda who fathered nearly a quarter of the world ’s captive pandas , died last week at a conservation center in China ’s Sichuan Province . [ The New York Times ] • The first meteor shower of the year , the Quadrantids , should be visible from [The New York Times] The New York Times ] • A cache • notes left by Richard Nixon ’s closest aide shows that Nixon , for domestic political reasons , sabotaged a 1968 peace initiative that could have brought the Vietnam War to an early end . • A museum in Yan’an , Richard Nixon , honors a group of American diplomats who in 1944 gave Washington a positive assessment of Mao Zedong , and had their careers destroyed for it . • J. R. R. Tolkien , the author of " The Lord of the Rings , " was born 125 years ago today . Fans around the world plan to toast " The Professor " at 9 p. m. local time . • Tyrus Wong , who endured racial bias to become one of the most celebrated    artists of the 20th century and whose influence was crucial to the animated film " Bambi , " died at 106 . • Finally , our Asia correspondents do n’t limit themselves to traditional news stories . Sometimes , they ’re just taken with a subject , like Myanmar ’s unemployed elephants or President Xi Jinping ’s favorite jacket . Here our Asia correspondents some of our favorites . Enjoy . our Asia correspondents I Ca n’t Drive 55 , " the rocker Sammy Hagar once famously wailed , but 43 years ago this week , he and every other American driver were faced with obeying the first federal speed limit . Setting speed limits had been the states’ responsibility . But in 1973 , OPEC Sammy Hagar oil shipments to the United States for supporting Israel in a war with its Arab neighbors . The embargo hit the American economy hard . In 1974 , President Richard M. Nixon signed the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act , lowering the speed Israel to reduce consumption . And American car buyers sought out more    vehicles , turning to a country that had not yet been celebrated for automaking : Japan . The debate over road safety and American limits continued for decades , and in 1995 , President Bill Clinton repealed the federal limit , returning the power to the states . In parts of Texas , drivers can legally go 85 m. p. h. That ’s the fastest in the country , though it ’s slower than a few places in the world . Stretches of Germany ’s autobahn have no maximum limit . It ’s a far cry from one of the earliest speed restrictions . In 1901 , Connecticut limited some drivers to 12 miles per hour . Chris Stanford contributed reporting Stretches of Germany’s autobahn _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 