’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —    Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg doesn’’t want to    think about the possibility of Donald Trump winning the White    House , and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg predicts the next president   —    " whoever Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg will    be "   —    will have a few appointments to make to the Supreme Court . ’ ’    In an interview Thursday in Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg court office , the       justice and leader of the court’ ’s liberal wing said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg presumed    that Democrat Hillary Clinton would be the next president . Asked    what if Republican Donald Trump won instead , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said , " I don’’t    want to think about that possibility , but if it should be , then    everything is up for grabs . " ’ ’    That includes the future of the high court itself , on which Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg    is the oldest justice . Two justices , Anthony Kennedy and Stephen    Breyer , are in Two justices, Anthony Kennedy and Stephen   Breyer late 70s . ’ ’    " It’ ’s likely that the next president , whoever It’ will be , will    have a few appointments to make , " Ginsburg said , smiling . ’ "    Ginsburg did n’t sound as though Ginsburg is preparing to step down soon and    shows no signs of slowing down . Ginsburg said Ginsburg has been    catching up on sleep since the court finished the court work last week    before a busy summer of travel that will take Ginsburg to Europe and ,    as is Ginsburg custom , to see as much opera as Ginsburg can fit in . " ’    In the    interview , Ginsburg reviewed the      term during which Ginsburg lost Ginsburg best friend on the court and ,    partly as a result , was on the winning side of most of the      cases . Justice Antonin Scalia died in February ,    depriving Justice Antonin Scalia conservative allies of a reliable vote and leaving    eight justices to decide nearly five dozen cases . ’ "    President Barack Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland for    the ninth seat , but Senate Republicans have refused to hold a    hearing or vote on Judge Merrick Garland nomination , arguing that the next    president should have the right to name Scalia ’s replacement .       if the Senate Senate confirm Garland Judge Merrick Garland the election ,    the court probably would hear three months of cases without him ,    Ginsburg said . " "    And if there ’s no action in a postelection ,    session of    Congress , the vacancy could last the entire term , she said Ginsburg " ’   ’ ’    She said Ginsburg majorities this term moved to shut down tactics    used by opponents of abortion and of affirmative action in higher    education in two major cases . ’ "    Ginsburg said Ginsburg did Ginsburg expect to see any more such cases after    the    upheld the use of race in college admissions in Texas    and struck down Texas    Texas    the state    said were needed to protect patients . " ’    " It seemed to me it was a sham to pretend this was about a    woman’ ’s health , " rather than about making it harder to get an    abortion , Ginsburg said . ’ ’    She disputed reports Ginsburg the court is taking on only relatively    unimportant cases while waiting for a ninth justice . ’ ’    " It isn’’t so , " she said . Ginsburg We haven’’t selected them with a view to    dodging challenging cases . We take them as they them to them . " We "    But she did suggest Ginsburg the court probably would not take up a    major challenge to the death penalty anytime soon . She joined    Ginsburg ’s opinion a year ago that called for considering outlawing    capital punishment . " ’    " There are only two votes so far to have asked for it , so I don’’t    think it’ ’s likely , if there is such a challenge , that it would    it’ four votes to grant cert , " she said , it’ court shorthand .    It takes    justices to vote to hear a case , or grant    certiorari . ’ "    Looking back over the term ’s cases , Ginsburg said Scalia ’s death    essentially broke a tie in the affirmative action case , which    ended with a    decision in favor of Texas’ admissions plan .    Justice Elena Kagan did not take part because she earlier worked Justice Elena Kagan on the case when she served in Justice Elena Kagan Justice Department . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    She said she Justice Elena Kagan the Justice Elena Kagan , outspoken Scalia , whom she    described Justice Elena Kagan charming . " The public got the wrong impression of    him ,    she said . Justice Elena Kagan the many pictures and mementos in her    office Justice Elena Kagan one of the two of them atop an the many pictures and mementos in her   office in India many    years ago . ’ ’    Without him , she said , Justice Elena Kagan court is " a paler place . " But she    thinks Justice Elena Kagan and her Justice Elena Kagan did Justice Elena Kagan to divide    in only       cases , including one that effectively killed Obama’ ’s plan to help    millions of immigrants who are living in the country illegally . ’ "    Another consequence of Scalia ’s death was an increase in the    number of dissenting opinions written by Justice Clarence Thomas ,    she said .    wrote 18 Justice Clarence Thomas . Justice Sonia Sotomayor was    next , with eight . " ’    " Thomas always wrote Justice Clarence Thomas lot of dissents , but I think he was kind Justice Clarence Thomas of making up for Scalia not being here . He wrote so Justice Clarence Thomas , " she    said Scalia ’ 
 