The latest example of " fake news " is the wild misrepresentation of a message from the Republican National Committee that caused a Christmas day frenzy as the establishment media and bitter online leftists pushed the theory that a reference to a " new King " in a paragraph talking about Jesus was an allusion to Donald Trump . [ The RNC Message Celebrating Christmas began :   WASHINGTON   —    Republican National Committee ( RNC ) Chairman Reince Priebus and    Sharon Day released the following statement celebrating Christmas : " Merry Christmas to all ! Over two millennia ago , a new hope was born into the world , a Savior who would offer the promise of salvation to all mankind . Just as the three wise men did on that night , Christmas heralds a time to celebrate the good news of a new King . We hope Americans celebrating Christmas Christmas will enjoy a day of festivities and a renewed closeness with family and friends . RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer called out both CNN and BuzzFeed on Twitter for hyping the bizarre interpretations of the Christmas Christmas . CNN CNN a story titled " RNC : The ‘ new King’ is not Trump , " while BuzzFeed BuzzFeed article " People Are Arguing About Whether Republicans Just Compared Trump To Jesus " stated : The combination of the words " this Christmas " and " new King " had people wondering whether the GOP was comparing Donald Trump to , well , Jesus Jesus Spicer , who is slated to be the Press Secretary for the Trump Donald Trump , wasted no time in not only stating the obvious fact that " the King " is a reference to Jesus Christ but to call on both CNN and BuzzFeed to apologize . Christ Jesus Christ the King . He Jesus Christ born today so we could be saved . Its sad   disappointing you are politicizing such a holy day . https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) December 25 , 2016 , It Its sad that @BuzzFeedBen condones this attack on Christ Jesus Christ such a holy day for Christians . @BuzzFeed must apologize https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) December 25 , 2016 , On this holy day of Christmas @CNN @greggbirnbaum mock @gop 4 acknowledging that Christ Jesus Christ the King of Christians https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) December 25 , 2016 , A number of verified Twitter users who are part of the Democrat establishment engaged in bizarre theorizing and made    false claims , but instead of being fact checked by media sources like BuzzFeed or CNN , they Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) December 25, 2016, A number of verified Twitter users who are part of the Democrat establishment engaged in bizarre theorizing and made   false claims, but instead of being fact checked by media sources like BuzzFeed or CNN simply quoted and their Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) December 25, 2016, A number of verified Twitter users who are part of the Democrat establishment engaged in bizarre theorizing and made   false claims, but instead of being fact checked by media sources like BuzzFeed or CNN were left unchallenged for accuracy . For example , writer and activist John Aravosis , whose bio says he is a " Dem digital strategist   Editor @AMERICAblog . LGBT advocate " actually called on the RNC to apologize before going on to make the wholly false claim that Donald Trump had declared himself Donald Trump . Aravosis was quoted in articles from both BuzzFeed and an article in The Hill titled " Social media erupts over GOP statement about ‘ himself king ’ " @reince   @rnc should apologize for using Christmas to compare @realDonaldTrump to Jesus   calling him a " Jesus   king"https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    John Aravosis ( @aravosis ) December 25 , 2016 , Imagine the outcry had    Obama compared himself to Jesus   Obama Christmas Jesus   AND called himself " king   Obama " https :   .    —    John —   John Aravosis December 25 , 2016 , Another verified Twitter user , New York magazine writer Jonathan Chait , felt the need to explain to his readers that there ’s a   Obama between a president and a king : The distinction between a president and a king is not trivial https :   .    —    Jonathan Chait ( @jonathanchait ) December 25 , 2016 , Chait was promptly schooled by National —   Jonathan Chait Institute Senior Fellow David French , who spoke from personal experience . He ’s referring to Jesus , —   Jonathan Chait Trump . This is standard Evangelical phrasing I ’ve heard a million times in my life . https :   .    —    David French ( @DavidAFrench ) December 25 , 2016 , When Daily Beast editor Alex Leo chimed in to respond to French , saying that she ’d David French " a man Daily Beast editor Alex Leo in theology " who had parsed the RNC statement , Chait retweeted her . @DavidAFrench @jonathanchait I just Chait with a man versed in theology who said the suspect part is * this * Christmas . It ’s every Christmas .   the suspect part    Alex Leo ( @AlexMLeo Daily Beast editor Alex Leo 2016 , Then Chait acted declared to his followers : the " Chait conclusion " is Daily Beast editor Alex Leo the bizarre conspiracy theory was the fault of the RNC . Best conclusion of preceding 2 tweets is that the GOP wrote a    passage that did not intend to describe Trump as a King .   —    Jonathan Chait ( @jonathanchait ) December 25 , 2016 , BuzzFeed , who also quoted Chait ’s tweet about the distinction between a king and president , included a poll at the end of their piece , giving their readers three options   Jonathan Chait (@jonathanchait) December 25, 2016, BuzzFeed, who also quoted Chait’s tweet about the distinction between a king and president    two of Jonathan Chait (@jonathanchait) December 25, 2016, BuzzFeed, who also quoted Chait’s tweet about the distinction between a king and president blamed the RNC for either accidentally or intentionally comparing Donald Trump to Jesus . The options were : At press time , over three options  —   two of which blamed the RNC for either accidentally or intentionally comparing Donald Trump to Jesus of BuzzFeed readers believed " The GOP just decided to compare Trump to Jesus " while only 11 % thought " Donald Trump clearly Jesus Jesus . Stop this madness . " The GOP Breitbart News Jesus reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 