When Tim Thomas and Tom Brady skipped visits to Barack Obama ’s White House , the sports media jeered . With Donald Trump moving to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . the prospect of champion athletes playing hooky from the obligatory celebration with the president get cheered . [ " Now that Trump do n’t be surprised when multiple athletes decline the opportunity to visit the White House , " former Indiana Pacer Jalen Rose advised . " He has offended a lot of people . former Indiana Pacer Jalen Rose that ’s what happens in politics . It ’s not necessarily independent to him , but we ca n’t sit here former Indiana Pacer Jalen Rose say this has not been one of the most polarizing presidential races for both candidates . "   Though Trump owned the USFL ’s New Jersey Generals , hosted the Mike    Spinks megafight , and put his name on a number of elite golf Mike    , the    remains unpopular in some sports circles . The reaction to Trump ’s victory varied throughout the    basketball Trump The Cavs are going to the White House tomorrow . One of them speculated they may be the last NBA team The Cavs do The Cavs for a while .   —    Lee Jenkins ( @SI_LeeJenkins ) November 9 , 2016 ,   New story from Sports Illustrated in NBA Basketball : Doc Rivers On Donald Trump : ‘ Give Him A Chance’ # nba ,   —    Donald Trump Stuff ( @B_Ball_Stuff ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Can y all even imagine the 2017 NCAA Men ’s Basketball Champion NC State Wolfpack visiting Donald Trump in the White House ?   — Donald Trump Goodson ( @joshwgoodson ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Stan Van Gundy said , " We have just thrown a good part of our population under the bus " by electing Donald Trump We https :   .    —    Donald Trump ( @BradGalli ) November 10 , 2016 ,   President Obama , a White Sox fan , lobbied the Chicago Cubs to accelerate their visit to the capital to allow him to congratulate them (@BradGalli) November 10, 2016,  President Obama, a White Sox fan Donald Trump visits Obama on Thursday the Chicago Cubs The Cleveland (@BradGalli) November 10, 2016,  President Obama, a White Sox fan do too . Rose thinks that today might prove the last time in a long time that anything close to a full team makes the trip . The radio host said about Trump , " The opportunity for him to be in the Donald Trump Office is going to be Donald Trump magnet for a lot of people , but it ’s going to represent something that ’s really divisive for him to be in the Oval Office lot more . " 
 