  ( CNN ) Just before noon , first lady Melania Trump emerged from the White House ’s South entrance and walked beside first lady Melania Trump husband , President Donald Trump , to await the arrival of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and first lady Melania Trump wife , Sara . While the setup     a President and first lady greeting a national leader     has been witnessed hundreds of times throughout history , Wednesday marked a first for Melania Trump officially hosting at the White House . first lady sported a    Karl Lagerfeld white suit jacket and matching pencil skirt , according to Women ’s Wear Daily .   She has interacted first lady Sara Netanyahu before , as recently as November , when the Prime Minister posted on his Facebook page the Prime Minister of a call between his wife and the Prime Minister     .   Wednesday ’s appearance by Melania Trump , and her attendance in first lady front row of the joint news conference in the East Room between the two leaders , is further evidence of the first lady ’s Washington coming out . Although she primarily maintains first lady in the Trump ’s gilded Manhattan penthouse     and will do so until     Barron completes the school year in New York City     her presence Wednesday first lady evidence she might indeed first lady a more active role in official duties . Following the news conference , she hosted Sara first lady on a visit to the Smithsonian ’s National Museum of African American History and Culture .   " As we remember , with deep humility and reverence , the historic plight of slavery which the Jewish and    people have known all too well , we rededicate ourselves to those we words that both our nations hold we : " NEVER AGAIN ! " Melania Trump said in a statement to CNN . The stop at the museum was reminiscent of this past weekend in Palm Beach , where the first lady spent time with Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s wife , Akie Abe , showing her around nearby the first lady , and sitting beside her at two the first lady dinners . But the    Winter White House is n’t the Washington White House , where the first lady the first lady and staff , have traditionally operated . Melania Trump is slowly bringing the first lady team there , recently announcing the hires of chief of staff Lindsay Reynolds , and social secretary Rickie Niceta Lloyd , and continuing under the guidance of her chief adviser , Stephanie Winston the first lady , who was also present at the news conference . Further evidence of the burgeoning FLOTUS operation was a statement released by the first lady announcing the reopening of the White House Visitors Office and the resumption of public tours on March 7 . Later in the evening on Wednesday , the first lady will have another opportunity to showcase her hostess skills : She and the first lady President will dine the first lady the White House Blue Room with Sen. Marco Rubio and his wife , Jeanette . 
 the President 