Trump , told Breitbart News that America is " less safe " than it was 15 years ago before the deadly    terrorist attacks on Sept. America , 2001 . [ " We are less safe as a country , " Trump said in an exclusive interview backstage at the Values Voter Trump here in Washington , D. C. at the Omni Shoreham hotel . " We have incompetent leadership . We have leadership that does n’t know what it ’s doing . And you look at our military , it We very depleted . We have the greatest people in the military , but it ’s We depleted with it , with size . We Navy is missing many ships our military it had it All of our forces are way down . We We less safe . "   Trump ’s comments Our Navy days before he We the New York City    We , standing just 20 feet from his rival Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton Trump Clinton was escorted out of the event by staffers who held her up Clinton her into her van . Her staff , more than an hour later , issued a statement saying Clinton was " overheated . " Trump also issued Clinton statement Clinton Sunday morning Clinton the loss of thousands of Americans on Sept. 11 , 2001 . Clinton Fifteen years ago , America suffered the worst terrorist attack in its history . Thousands of mothers , fathers , sisters , brothers and innocent American children were murdered by radical Islamic terrorists , " Trump said in America statement . He continued : Today , we mourn for all the lives lost . We mourn for all the children who had to grow up without a mom Trump dad , and for all the parents who ’ve had to struggle we without their children . We will never forget . In that darkest hour , the entire world bore witness to the strength and courage of our mighty nation all the children who had to grow up without a mom or dad Firefighters , we officers and port authority workers rushed into danger , into smoke , into fire to save the lives of people we had never met   —   performing their sacred duties until their last moments on Earth . Heroes like Father Mychal Judge who tended to the Firefighters, police officers and port authority workers and dying until he too joined them Firefighters, police officers and port authority workers Heaven . These Firefighters, police officers and port authority workers the finest and bravest and toughest people that could ever grace a city . We remember the heroes of Flight 93 the dead who saved countless Heroes like Father Mychal Judge who tended to the dead and dying until he too joined them in Heaven from a terrible fate . We remember the heroes at the Pentagon who fought to save every last life from the smoldering rubble . Today is a day of sadness and remembrance We It is also a day of resolve . Our solemn duty on behalf of all those who perished that September day 15 years ago , is to work together as one nation to keep all of our people safe from an enemy that seeks nothing less than to destroy our way of life . We pray for those who have lost the ones they love so much , and we also pray for the unity we Our need to conquer all Our challenges to come . National security , fighting those who have lost the ones they love so much Islamic terrorism , and rebuilding Our ’s military have been significant Our of Trump ’s campaign . Last week in Philadelphia , Trump made the case for a new foreign policy and national security plan that focuses on building new alliances on the world and rebuilding America ’s military Trump’s . More from Trump ’s latest exclusive interview with Breitbart News is forthcoming . 
 America America’s Trump’s 