Updated on January 10 at 6:36 p. m.   Despite all of Donald Trump ’s best efforts , the question of whether and why Russia interfered in the presidential election continues to dog Donald Trump’s . The latest twist comes from a bombshell report published early Tuesday evening by CNN , with four bylines , including Watergate legend Carl Bernstein . The story is unsettling , because The story touches on suggestions that Russia might have compromising information about the   . But the story The story more nuanced than that , and requires a careful parsing . Here ’s what CNN does CNN : When top intelligence officials briefed Trump last week on their conclusion that top intelligence officials interfered Russia the election to hurt Hillary Clinton and aid Trump ’s presidential Trump , they presented him top intelligence officials    Trump memo that included allegations that Russian agents say they have " Russian agents personal and financial information " about him . It Trump not , clear , however , whether U. S. intelligence officials believe those allegations to be true . CNN says : These senior intelligence officials also included the synopsis to demonstrate that Russia had compiled information potentially harmful to both political parties , but only released information damaging to Hillary Clinton and Democrats    …       The    synopsis also included allegations that there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government , according to two national security officials . That does n’t mean the claim that Russian agents possessed the information was necessarily true . The origin of the claim , in fact , is decidedly partisan . A major source for the report delivered to Trump was a Trump of memos prepared by a former British intelligence operative , who gathered the information while the information an opposition researcher for both    Republicans and later for Democrats . Some of the former operative ’s allegations were first reported by Mother Jones ’s David Corn in the final 10 days of the campaign . CNN also says they were what    CNN Leader Harry Reid was referring to when he sent FBI Director Minority Leader Harry Reid Comey a letter stating , " It has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump , his top advisors , Minority Leader Harry Reid the Russian government —   a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States . " CNN says it is not reporting CNN details of the memos because it has not verified CNN . It adds the memos while CNN information was circulating for months , the intelligence community has now " checked out the former British intelligence operative and his vast network throughout Europe and find him and his sources his be his enough " to use the information in briefings . However , intelligence officials also found the information sensitive enough the information provide it to Trump , President the information , and the eight chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate intelligence committees , CNN says . Again , there ’s no indication so far as to whether the intelligence community believes the British operative ’s reports to be accurate . Even if the operative ’s sources are the British operative for example , they might be trying to sow Even if the operative’s sources , which the unclassified version of the report on alleged Russian hacking noted was a favorite Kremlin tactic . Shortly after CNN ’s report , BuzzFeed CNN what it says is the full    BuzzFeed on which the shorter memo delivered to Trump and others is based . BuzzFeed said it had not verified BuzzFeed report BuzzFeed that it contained the report on alleged Russian hacking noted errors . Trump the report on alleged Russian hacking noted consistently rejected the idea that Trump Russians were behind the hacking , and he has dismissed the idea that the Trump was to help him . His opponents , on both Trump and Trump , have for months spoken hopefully of some sort of Holy Grail of information that would fatally compromise him , but so far no such Trump has emerged . There have been more concrete reports linking Trump aides to Russia . Carter Page , a      adviser , is deeply enmeshed in business interests there , while Paul Manafort , who for a time managed Trump ’s campaign , had previously worked Trump Kremlin client who was president of Ukraine and did business with a member of Vladimir Putin ’s inner circle . During a hearing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , Comey was asked by senators whether the FBI was investigating ties between Russia and Trump . Comey refused to say Paul Manafort, who for a time managed Trump’s campaign, had previously worked for a Kremlin client who was president of Ukraine and did business with a member of Vladimir Putin’s inner circle " would never Comey on investigations , whether we Comey one or not " —   a response that drew some embittered comments from senators who noted Comey ’s very public statements about his agency ’s investigation Comey Clinton ’s emails . The Comey offers yet more grist for Trump ’s planned press conference Wednesday morning —   his Trump almost 170 days . 
 Comey 