Washington ( CNN ) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet separately with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Sunday , several sources with knowledge of the meetings told CNN . the meetings were arranged in the last 24 hours and will take place in New York City , one of several sources with knowledge of the meetings told CNN . CNN source added that the meeting with Donald Trump came to fruition following a phone call between the GOP nominee ’s representatives and Netanyahu ’s office after it was clear that a similar meeting was going to take place with Clinton .   Another source disputed that account , saying Donald Trump camp reached an agreement with Netanyahu ’s office Netanyahu’s office about the meetings , including what will be discussed , were not immediately disclosed . Clinton and Trump , the respective Clinton and Republican candidates for president , are set to face off in their first debate Monday night . Clinton and Trump, the respective Democratic and Republican candidates for president had also planned to visit Clinton , North Carolina , on Sunday , but scrapped those plans due to the unrest following the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott earlier this week . Netanyahu met with President Barack Obama on Wednesday in what was likely their last     consultation . The relationship between the leaders of the two close allies was often contentious , with the White House accusing Netanyahu of Netanyahu’s turn , President Barack Obama publicly opposed Israel ’s expanded settlement activity in the West Bank and has expressed disappointment at Netanyahu ’s occasional skepticism about the Netanyahu of a    solution in the region . Obama has looked to boost the President Barack Obama with Israel during the homestretch of the presidential campaign , which he hopes Clinton will win . President Barack Obama took a step toward solidifying President Barack Obama alliance this month Israel completing a    $ 38 billion security aid package for Israel , the largest such agreement ever for a US ally . 
 Israel 