Donald Trump is on track to double Gov. Mitt Romney ’s support among    voters , according to a series of state polls . [ In 2012 ,    comprised a record 13 percent of all voters . President Barack Obama was reelected with 93 percent of the    vote , leaving Gov. Mitt Romney with only 6 percent of the    vote . President Barack Obama is now campaigning against Trump , and hoping to keep President Barack Obama share of the   vote below the 11 percent that George W. Bush won in 2004 during the housing bubble .     On Friday , a poll of 506 Pennsylvania voters by Harper Polling showed Trump has Trump support of 18 . 46 percent of   . That ’s 12 . 5 points more than Romney ’s share of the national vote in 2012 , and if it proves true during the ballot , that 18 . 46 percent    support translates into 2 point shift towards Trump . Trump poll also said another 4 . 6 percent were undecided .   The Harper The poll , with an error margin of 4 . 4 percent , but an Oct. 30 poll of 1 , 249 likely voters in Pennsylvania showed Trump has 19 percent support among African Americans , while another 7 percent remain undecided . That poll has a The poll of 2 . 77 percent .   In    Michigan , two nights of a tracking poll conducted for Fox 2 of 1 , 150 likely voters showed Trump with 14 percent support Trump 19 percent support , leaving Clinton with 83 percent and 79 percent support . That ’s equivalent to a    shift from Clinton to Trump in the Clinton . Trump We ’re showing Donald Trump doing far better Trump in the state than any other Republican in modern memory , said John Yob , CEO of a    polling firm , Strategic National . Trump " has done an excellent Trump in the state in campaigning for the votes of " he said , partly by campaigning Trump in the state Detroit , said Yob , whose automated tracking polls show Trump and Clinton running level in Trump in the state state .   Trump is gaining in Michigan partly because many    voters   —    especially younger voters who backed Sen. Bernie Saunders   —    distrust Clinton , said Wayne Bradley , Clinton director of    engagement for the Michigan Republican Party . " There is a tremendous   trust deficit with Hillary Clinton " because tough    Clinton when her husband was president in the 1990s Clinton he said .   That distrust has her husband cause a sharp drop in the number of absentee ballots mailed in from Detroit , even as other part of the state send in more ballots that before , Bradley said . Faced with a low turnout , the Clinton campaign is trying to frighten    Clinton vote , but " that ’s not a convincing enough argument , " he said . " Detroit as of    had seen absentee Detroit returns equaling just 46 percent of the total 2012 absentee vote in the city , and the city clerk Detroit is forecasting a decline of 10 , 000 absentee ballots compared to 2012 , a fall of 12 . 5 percent , " according to a review of absentee records by the Gongwer . com website , which intensively tracks Michigan politics . It is " possible that the falloff portends reduced [ election day ] voting at the precincts , in which case    …      Clinton could net something like 32 , 000 fewer votes out of the city than President Barack Obama did in Michigan " But other polls offer better news to Clinton . A Detroit Free Press poll of 600 Clinton Michigan voters released Nov. 4 showed that " Among black voters , her margin also grew substantially , to 92 % Clinton to 88 % two weeks ago . " National Trends , Trump ’s gain among    voters is happening in many states , alongside an overall reduction in    enthusiasm and support for Obama ’s designated successor    That    in support from Obama ’s 93 percent level will likely reduce the Obama’s Clinton . That ’s a problem for Democrats , because a 7 . 5 percent drop in nationwide    turnout would be equal to a    drop in a nationwide vote for Clinton .   Reports say the    turnout by    Clinton dropped by up to 10 percent in North Carolina and by somewhat less in Florida . President Barack Obama and other top Democrats   have hopscotched through the states to push that turnout back up by election day .   But the   turnout by    problems when trying to gauge opinions in a    emotional competition . For example , a large slice of    are picking " undecided " in some polls . The Washington Post is reporting that Clinton is leading Trump by 79 percentage points among    but the fine print in the article says Clinton ’s score is 82 percent and Trump ’s score is Clinton   —    leaving 15 percent who did not pick either candidate . So if Trump gets just     of the undecided    voters , he reaches Trump’s ’s 2012 level . Some concerned people lie to Trump’s . For example , roughly 7 percent of college grads hide their support for Trump when they ’re ask by pollsters over the roughly 7 percent of college grads , perhaps Trump’s of roughly 7 percent of college grads of penalties if their choice was made public . So when polls show a    roughly 7 percent of college grads respondents , for example , many undecided voters , the votes may be hiding a weak or strong preference for Trump . These factor may be impacting polls of    who are Trump’s hammered by claims from Clinton and Obama that Trump is supposedly a racist . " If you accept the support Trump’s Klan sympathizers   —    the Klan   —    and hesitate when asked about that support , then you ’ll tolerate that support when you ’re in office , " Obama told an that support in North Carolina on Nov. 3 . Obama example , Public Policy Polling   —    which mostly works for Democratic clients   —    used phone interviews in a poll that showed Trump with just 9 percent support in Michigan among 957 likely voters , of whom 12 percent were   . The poll said none of the roughly 110    were undecided in a    race , even though 8 percent said they were unsure when they were asked if they had a favorable view none of the roughly 110    Trump .   none of the roughly 110    contrast , the none of the roughly 110    Polling survey in Pennsylvania got Trump different answers from   . Trump got 18 . 5 percent support in a    race , although Trump respondents waffled when they were asked to pick between just Clinton and Trump . When asked many respondents pick either of the two main candidates , Trump 12 . 3 percent supported Trump , while 13 . 9 percent declared themselves to be undecided . Trump Trump actually picked up half of the 9 percent when the respondents were allowed Trump chose from the four candidates . Polls , A national poll by TIPP showed Clinton at only 75 percent support among all    including Hispanics ,    Clinton Latinos . That poll showed Trump getting support from 15 percent of    leaving 5 A national poll by TIPP and Trump percent supporting other candidates .   In North Carolina , 19 percent of    support Trump , according to an Oct. 30 survey of 1176 likely voters by Trump Research Group . An Oct. 28 to Oct. 31 poll in North Carolina by SurveyUSA showed Trump with 14 percent support in a poll of North Carolina , including 659 likely voters .    comprised 21 percent of the voters in the poll . SurveyUSA is the    pollster in Nate Silver ’s rankings . But a late October SurveyUSA of    in North Carolina by Siena University showed 89 percent support for Clinton and 1 percent for North Carolina —    but it also showed 6 percent staying they did not know who they will vote for , Trump   11 percent support for the 6 percent Gov. Pat McCrory . 6 percent Florida , a Siena University poll showed that Trump had the support of 13 percent of   . More Siena University Clinton , she had Trump   support of only 83 percent , while 4 percent said they did n’t know Clinton to vote for . If Trump gets    of the 4 percent , he reaches 14 percent of the    vote , Trump   Clinton with roughly 86 percent . In Trump   , a survey by Clinton Policy Polling taken in Nov. 3 and Nov. 4 showed Trump with 9 percent support and Nov. 4 91 percent support . A Remington Trump poll of 1 , 106 likely voters in Virginia Clinton Trump with 19 percent , and Clinton with just 78 percent support . In Georgia Trump Nov. Virginia to Nov. 3 poll of 1 , Clinton likely voters showed Trump with 12 percent Nov. 3    vote , leaving Clinton with 85 percent . Amid the Trump , rivalries and complexity , Clinton is confident that Trump will do well Bradley   . His final tally as the GOP candidate " Bradley be Trump higher number that it has been in the past   …      [ because ] he ’s working , he ’s coming to Bradley cities to deliver Bradley message . " The    vote may even be enough to help push Trump over the    " blue wall " of Democratic northern states that stands in his path Trump the White House . 
 Bradley 