MIAMI , FLORIDA   —    Sen. Marco Rubio hit the reset button on Sen. Marco Rubio campaign , returning to Sen. Marco Rubio aspirational ,    message that played well early in his campaign . [ Sen. Marco Rubio had already apologized for Sen. Marco Rubio controversial rhetoric in a Fox News interview and MSNBC interview earlier in the week , but it was instantly clear that Sen. Marco Rubio was not at the debate to entertain voters .   Sen. Marco Rubio shied away from comments about Trump ’s business failures , the Trump University attacks , the hiring of illegal workers , or dismissing the billionaire as a con artist . The flashy campaign store tricks of yoga pants and broken Trump Trump were also noticeably absent . When Sen. Marco Rubio did challenge Trump Trump Rubio pointed out that the New Yorker ’s policies were weak on Social Security , but did n’t ridicule the the billionaire Sen. Marco Rubio did it . " The numbers do n’t add up , " Sen. Marco Rubio said , detailing Sen. Marco Rubio own policy on social security . Sen. Marco Rubio ignored loaded questions about the tone of Donald Trump ’s political rallies , and instead focused on the importance of supporting law enforcement and police officers . On Trump ’s Donald Trump’s statement about Muslims , Sen. Marco Rubio connected the issue to a specific story of a missionary that was finding it difficult the issue spread Christianity to the Muslim world . Sen. Marco Rubio also reminded the audience of the    soldiers who died in service of their country . Sen. Marco Rubio biggest line of the night was in response to a warning from Trump about the dangers of being politically correct . " I ’m not interested in being politically correct . I ’m interested in ’m correct , " he said as ’m crowd cheered . Even Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio attack on Trump over his Trump on Israel was noticeably polite . " The policy Donald has outlined , I do n’t know if he realizes , The policy Donald an    policy , " he said . The policy Donald Maybe that ’s not your intent but here ’s why it is an    policy . There is no peace deal possible with the Palestinians at this moment . " The stories that Rubio has featured on the campaign trail were also prominent in his debate strategy Rubio His brother who Rubio in the military who struggled with the V. A. and his grandfather who Rubio him that Americans Rubio do anything . Finally , he explained why Rubio would continue Rubio campaign , citing a new story he heard from Rubio wife about Rubio man who just came out of surgery , but still sat outside a voting location holding a Marco Rubio sign . " That gentleman has not given up on me and I Marco Rubio not going to give up on him , " That gentleman said . That gentleman the debate , Rubio ’s sunniest Marco Rubio Sen. Corey Gardner showed to talk to reporters about the performance . Gardner steered away Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner discussion about Rubio ’s abandoned Rubio’s the gutter , but focused on the future of the campaign as if it never happened . " Marco and his team know what Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner takes to win this country and that means you have an aspirational , positive message , " he said . " Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner ’s the only Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner up there that reflects that positivity and that optimism   —    in his opening and his Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner , he Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner the only Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner that looks joyful about his vision for the Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner . " this country CNN , Rubio explained that he Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner back on Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner . " I ’m never going back into that gutter again . from now on our campaign is going to be about what I have always want it to be about , " Rubio said in a Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner debate interview with Wolf Blitzer , referring to a positive policy centric message . " That ’s what it has been about for the whole time , but for one day I guess   …     " he said reflectively as Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner trailed off . Rubio’s sunniest surrogate Sen. Corey Gardner 