Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton running mate , Tim Kaine , released a new batch of Hillary Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine own income tax returns on Friday , ratcheting up the pressure on Hillary Clinton opponent , Donald J. Trump , to begin making public her opponent, Donald J. Trump own forms . The newest tax return of Mrs. Clinton and Hillary Clinton husband , former President Bill Clinton , showed an adjusted gross income of $ 10 . 6 million for 2015 , a large drop from previous years but still enough to place The newest tax return of Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton in the top 0 . 1 percent of American households . 1 percent of American households paid about $ 3 . 6 million in federal taxes for an effective tax rate of about 35 percent . More than half 1 percent of American households income came from speeches Hillary Clinton also earned $ 3 million from " Hard Choices , " her Hillary Clinton of her Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . Mr. Kaine , the Virginia senator , and his wife , Anne Holton , who was Virginia Virginia secretary of education until she Hillary Clinton down last month , reported income of $ 313 , 441 for 2015 . But aside from their earnings , the release was intended to put a spotlight on Mr. Trump ’s refusal to release his Mr. Trump’s returns . Mike Pence , the Indiana governor and Mr. Trump ’s running mate , also has not made public his tax data during the campaign . Mrs. Clinton ’s spokeswoman , Jennifer Palmieri , said in a statement the release sets a " stark contrast " with Mr. Trump , whom she Mrs. Clinton’s of " hiding behind fake excuses . " " He his failed to provide the public with the most basic financial information disclosed by every major candidate in the last 40 years , " she Mrs. Clinton’s . " What is he his to hide ? " The Trump campaign would not discuss his his returns , but in a statement on Friday , a spokesman , Jason Miller , called Mrs. Clinton ’s disclosure an effort to shield her Mrs. Clinton’s questions about her Mrs. Clinton’s when she Mrs. Clinton’s secretary of state and about what favors were sought by donors to her Mrs. Clinton’s ’s foundation . " This document release is nothing more than an attempt at distraction and misdirection by an individual who created and then purged an illegal private email server , " he said . If Mr. Trump does not make public the details of his Mr. Trump , he Mr. Trump be the first major party presidential nominee to decline to do so since Richard M. Nixon . Mr. Mr. Trump not required as a candidate to reveal his taxes his taxes he has Mr. Trump his personal Mr. Trump disclosure form outlining his business Mr. Trump , which he is Mr. Trump to file . While Mr. Trump Mr. Trump an I. R. S. audit as his reason for Mr. Trump releasing his taxes , Mr. Trump agency said in his business interests, which he is obligated to file this year , " Nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information . individuals The lack of a disclosure of his taxes has opened Mr. Trump to attacks , first during the Republican primary campaign and now in the months leading to the Nov. 8 general election . Critics have questioned whether Mr. Trump has not released Mr. Trump because his reported his taxes Mr. Trump underwhelming in Mr. Trump to his own statements about his net worth Mr. Trump Others have suggested Mr. Trump the tax documents would reveal business interests that could be problematic if he were elected . There have also Mr. Trump questions about how much Mr. Trump has paid in taxes over Mr. Trump , whether he in fact paid any federal taxes some Mr. Trump , and whether he has followed through on his charitable pledges Mr. Trump Given the expansive web Mr. Trump tax breaks available to real estate developers , tax experts say it would not be surprising if Mr. Trump paid little or no income taxes Mr. Trump , even as he amassed billions of dollars in wealth . The Mr. Trump income has also brought scrutiny , and their returns hint at how much they have relied The Clintons’ income their star power and government The Clintons’ income to catapult them The Clintons’ income the ranks of the super rich . The Clintons’ income they were once seen as relatable to average Americans The Clintons’ income polls suggest that many voters now see them as out of touch . Their 2015 income many voters while less than half what many voters earned the previous year , put them well many voters the $ 2 million threshold for many voters top 0 . 1 percent of taxpayers , according to an analysis of federal income tax data by Emmanuel Saez , an economics professor at the University of California , Berkeley . They were within $ 1 million of reaching the 1 percent of taxpayers, according to an analysis of federal income tax data by Emmanuel Saez, an economics professor at the University of California, Berkeley . 01 percent threshold   —    or the top 1 percent of the top 1 percent . In recent years they have collected tens of millions of dollars in 1 percent of taxpayers, according to an analysis of federal income tax data by Emmanuel Saez, an economics professor at the University of California, Berkeley for speeches , including some delivered abroad and others sponsored by financial institutions . Mrs. Clinton has faced calls to release the transcripts of her speeches , particularly from the three she gave Mrs. Clinton Goldman Sachs for a total of Mrs. Clinton 675 , 000 . Her primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders , and Mrs. Clinton Trump have used those speeches to portray Mrs. Clinton as being chummy her speeches Street . Mrs. Clinton , before she officially began her campaign and stopped giving speeches , Mrs. Clinton earned $ Mrs. Clinton . 5 million in speaking fees Mrs. Clinton Her husband earned $ 5 . 25 million from speeches Mrs. Clinton year . According to Mrs. Clinton ’s personal financial disclosure filed in May , Mrs. Clinton her husband made more than two dozen speeches in Mrs. Clinton for Mrs. Clinton Her husband 000 and up . Mr. Clinton earned $ 225 , 000 for a February speech Mrs. Clinton UBS Wealth Management , for example , and Mrs. Clinton gave a speech for eBay in March for $ 315 Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Clinton also earned $ 1 . 7 million from his consulting business Mrs. Clinton L. L. C. after it brought in more than Mrs. Clinton 6 million the year before , according to the tax returns . The financial disclosure from earlier this year said that two sources of consulting income were Varkey GEMS Foundation , an international charity founded by Sunny Varkey , an education entrepreneur , and Laureate Education , a network of    schools . These financial ties   —    including the past speeches , business endeavors and well as two sources of consulting income were Varkey GEMS Foundation, an international charity founded by Sunny Varkey, an education entrepreneur, and Laureate Education, a network of   schools under a Clinton administration . From 2007 to 2015 , according to returns released Friday and previously , the Clintons made a total adjusted gross income of $ 150 million two sources of consulting income were Varkey GEMS Foundation, an international charity founded by Sunny Varkey, an education entrepreneur, and Laureate Education, a network of   schools paid $ 48 million in federal taxes . In the same period they gave $ 16 million to charity , including $ 1 million last year that went mostly to their family foundation . The Clintons’ other income last year included $ 24 , 932 in interest , $ 84 , 358 the Clintons mutual fund dividends and $ 226 , 297 in pension payments from the federal and Arkansas governments the Clintons Their deductions included a total adjusted gross income of $150 million million in state last year and $ 98 , 244 in property taxes on their homes in Chappaqua , N. Y. and Washington . They also wrote off $ 41 , 040 in mortgage interest . a total adjusted gross income of $150 million property taxes on their homes in Chappaqua, N. Y. and Washington 