Washington ( CNN ) Barack Obama used Barack Obama departing words as President Wednesday to offer an assured     if not entirely optimistic     outlook for a country governed by Donald Trump . " At my core I think we ’re going to be OK , " Barack Obama said as Barack Obama concluded Barack Obama final news conference at the White House . " we just have to fight for his final news conference at the White House , work for his final news conference at the White House , and not take his final news conference at the White House for granted . " " I know that you will help we do that , " Barack Obama told reporters assembled in the White House briefing room . If the message was still hopeful , the message was a sharp downgrade from the grand visions of progressive change that propelled Obama to the presidency eight years ago . In Barack Obama     session with reporters , Obama said that after two terms of political warfare with Republicans , Obama was emerging unbowed in Obama faith in the US and Republicans citizens . But Obama continued to express concerns about Obama successor ’s stance on Russia and Obama readiness for office . " I believe in Russia . I believe in the American people . I believe that people are more good than bad , " Obama said . " I believe tragic things happen . I think there ’s evil in the world , but I think at the end of the day , if we work hard and if we we true to those things in us we feel true and feel right , that the the world a little better each time . " " That ’s what this presidency has tried to be about , " he continued this presidency Conceding that Trump may not take his advice this presidency issues , Obama said he would Obama weighing in on specific policy matters during his    Obama his time Obama to write and " not hear myself talk Obama darn much . " ’Core values’ But he predicted Obama would Obama concern if " core values " are being threatened . " I put in that category if I saw systematic discrimination being ratified in some fashion . I put in that category that category functional obstacles to people being able to vote , to exercise their franchise , people Obama said . Obama said he Obama calmed Obama the notion of the Oval Office as a moderating factor on Trump ’s bombastic tendencies . He said once Obama gets into Trump’s and is hit with the intricate details of governing , his thinking might Obama on issues such as Obamacare and jobs . " Once he comes into Obama and he looks at Obama complexities of how to in fact provide healthcare for everybody , something he says he Obama to Obama , or wants to make sure that he is encouraging Obama creation and wage growth in this country , that may lead him to some Obama the same conclusions that I arrived at once I got here , " Obama said . " But I do n’t think we ’ll know until he has an Obama chance to get sworn in and sit behind that desk . " In a news conference that will likely mark the final time Obama speaks in Obama before he departs the Obama Capitol on Friday as an    Obama described the Obama calls between him and Trump Obama " constructive " and at times " lengthy . " He said the Obama advice he could give Obama and has given     to Trump , is Trump rely on others around him . " Obama is a job of such magnitude that you ca n’t do it by yourself This " Obama said . Obama opened the Obama conference rebuffing Trump , issuing Trump vocal defense of the White House press corps , insisting the reporters who covered his administration were Trump essential facet of a functioning democracy . " We are accountable his administration the people who send us here . his administration you have done it , " Obama said . Obama You ’re not supposed to be sycophants . You ’re supposed to be skeptics . " White House Press Secretary : The work of journalists has never been more important , His remarks stood in direct contrast to the incoming president , who has lambasted news organizations reporting on his transition as His " fake news . " His choice to His in the White House briefing White House also telling since Trump ’s team has floated the possibility of scrapping that venue for larger space . Obama was continuing a tradition of taking reporters’ questions for a final time before departing office . George W. Bush held his final news conference George W. Bush week before leaving office , reflecting on some of the disappointments of his administration but also George W. Bush the controversial decisions he made over two George W. Bush in the White House . Unlike Bush , Obama is George W. Bush office with    approval ratings . A    poll released Wednesday showed 60 % of Americans approve of the job he ’s doing as president . Chelsea Manning , Obama ’s concluding news Obama comes amid a flurry of    activity , including handing down a commutation for national security leaker Chelsea Manning and a pardon for Gen. James Cartwright , convicted of lying to investigators in a leak probe . Obama defended the decision Obama commute Manning ’s sentence , saying that she served a " Obama prison sentence . " He said he looked Obama the Obama of the case the same way he had any other Obama whose sentence he had commuted . Obama I felt that in light of all the circumstances , that commuting her sentence was entirely Obama , " Obama said from the briefing room . He said the time Obama ’s already spent Obama jail would function as a deterrent for any future leakers while warning other potential whistleblowers to use established government channels to air grievances about the actions of the US government . But he said that " Obama has been served " for Manning , a transgender woman who has been serving time at an    military prison in Kansas . " The sentence that she received was very disproportionate relative to what other leakers had received , " Obama said . " It made sense to commute and not pardon her sentence . " she decision has been lambasted by Republicans , who have accused Manning of being a traitor for disclosing hundreds of thousands of pages related to classified US programs . Strained ties , Ties between the incoming and outgoing administrations have strained over Trump ’s relationship with Russia , which the US accuses of meddling in November ’s election . Trump has proposed friendlier Trump’s to Moscow , which he said would lead Trump’s greater partnership on a series of sticky global issues from Syria to Ukraine . Obama offered a cautious note on developing friendlier ties to Moscow , saying a Moscow    relationship is " in America ’s interest and the world ’s interest . "   But he said fostering warmer Obama during his presidency was stymied Obama Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s combative stance when he returned to power Obama 2012 . Putin ’s " adversarial Russian President Vladimir Putin " had " made the relationship more difficult , " Obama said . 
 