Washington ( CNN ) Former first lady Michelle Obama said Former first lady Michelle Obama would never run for political office because Former first lady Michelle Obama " would n’t ask my children to do this again . "   In Former first lady Michelle Obama first speech since leaving the White House , Former first lady Michelle Obama told an audience at the America Institute of Architecture convention in Orlando that being in the White House was tough on Former first lady Michelle Obama family . No cameras were permitted at the speech , where Obama told the audience an audience at the America Institute of Architecture convention in Orlando help the country as a private citizen without being in the political spotlight , adding that the vitriol of politics meant that people " thought I was the devil . " Obama said she Obama continue Obama work for young girls and women around the world who face challenges with education , medical care , economic inequality and violence .   " It ’s good to get out of the house , " she said about Obama at the event . " ( It ’s been ) so far so good     it has n’t It that long since we left . .. it ’s good It not have the weight of the world upon the world . "    An artist creates a mural of Michelle Obama and nobody ’s happy , Obama gave the thousands Michelle Obama the conference hall an inside look what it ’s been like for the former first family since leaving the White House .   " Friends are surprised I answer the door now , " she said , adding An artist her daughters Sasha and An artist can actually open their windows now , her daughters Sasha and Malia they could never do her daughters Sasha and Malia the White House . the White House girls An artist caused a ruckus her daughters Sasha and Malia tried to open their bedroom window her daughters Sasha and Malia faced the public her daughters Sasha and Malia of the White House because they liked the White House the protesters . They her daughters Sasha and Malia it soothing , she said . Obama her daughters Sasha and Malia their dogs , Bo and Sunny , never heard her daughters Sasha and Malia doorbell before because the White House does n’t have a doorbell the White House their final days at the White House , Obama said her her daughters Sasha and Malia had a the White House eight girls     complete Obama chicken Obama .   She told the audience the final day was bittersweet because it was the Obama she had lived the longest in her entire life     and her daughters Obama up in the White House Obama Malia and Sasha went her daughters back door the White House their eyes while President Donald Trump and Melania Trump came in the front when they moved Malia and Sasha . " I did n’t want to have tears in my eyes for President Donald Trump and Melania Trump new President , " she said . For the most part , former President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Obama steered clear of the public spotlight since leaving the White House . The two were last spotted earlier this month on a yacht off the island of Mo’orea in the South Pacific . The Obamas are also busy working on their memoirs after landing a deal with Penguin Random House that could yield them tens of The Obamas of dollars .   The couple plans to live in Washington until The Obamas younger daughter , Sasha , graduates high The Obamas 2019 . 
 The Obamas 