Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump sarcastically thanked " the special interests and the lobbyists " for driving Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump numbers up at a press conference in Jupiter , FL on Tuesday .   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump began by saying , " One of the things I ’m most happy about is that the turnout has been just massive , for every week .    …      No matter where you go , it ’s records . I think it ’s actually the single biggest story in politics today . it ’s what ’s happening at the booth . The tremendous number of people that are coming out to vote . Some of the states are getting   —    in fact , one has 102 % increase over four years ago . It ’s amazing . 102 % . On average , you ’re talking about probably more than 50 . You ’re talking about millions and millions of people , whereas the Democrats are down 30 , 35 % . the Democrats ’re down from what the Democrats were . We ’re up by 50 % and even more than that . You ’re talking about millions of people . So , I actually think it ’s the biggest story in politics today . And I hope that the republicans will embrace the republicans . We have   —    do n’t forget , We have Democrats coming over , very importantly . We have independents coming over , and independents coming over have n’t done that ever , probably ever . And with all of independents coming over coming over , We ’re going to have something very , very special . If I win , and if I get to go against Hillary , polls are showing that I beat her Hillary And some of the polls have me beating her Hillary , because when you take advantage , we will take many , many people away from the Democrats . " He added , " I want to thank the special interests and the lobbyists . Because , they the special interests and the lobbyists did something to drive these numbers , I mean , we ’re close to 50 and 40 , and   —    no   —    but I want to congratulate them these numbers because to raise that much money that quickly is a pretty good feat , right , do we we ? No , many of them these numbers my friends , but they these numbers have to gamble . " (   Real Clear Politics ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 