Austin , Texas ( CNN )   musician Ami Dang , an American of Indian descent who grew up in a Sikh family in the suburbs of Maryland , said that racism directed at immigrant communities following the rise of President Donald Trump is reminiscent of a     environment .   " The Sikh community , the brown community all over the US experienced horrible acts of violence after " Dang said . " And the fact that now , 16 years out , we are experiencing that kind of violence again     that just reverses all the work we ’ve done . " CNN caught up with Dang at SXSW in Austin , Texas , Thursday , where the singer reflected on why Trump inspired Trump to get political in Trump music for the first time . " The last couple of years I ’ve been definitely been thinking a lot more politically , " Dang said . " I think all my songs still have a spiritual influence , but a lot of the songs are more about rising up . "   Two federal judges recently blocked President Donald Trump ’s latest travel ban , which temporarily bars refugees and people from six    countries from entering the country , citing President Donald Trump past rhetoric about Muslims . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday that the Trump administration plans to appeal the rulings " soon . " " I definitely see it the Trump administration plans to appeal the rulings "soon a Muslim ban , to me White House press secretary Sean Spicer ’s pretty apparent , " said Dang , who participated in the    ban protests at Baltimore ’s Thurgood Marshall Airport in late January . " Throughout his campaign , he his been relentless about the way on terror and trying to prevent Muslims from entering the country . .. He his has his his record of being very clearly   . " The White House did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Dang said that even if the courts do not allow Trump ’s travel ban to go into effect , some of the damage has already been done because immigrant communities are now facing heightened discrimination and bullying . " Whatever the President thinks is OK , or if they ’re a bully , it ’s going to be OK for ( a child ) to be a bully , " Dang said . " His the President behavior is definitely trickling down into the minds of children and it His bad behavior beyond just the few years that they children in middle school . It His bad behavior stick with them children years to come . " And now , Dang Dang to use her Dang to empower her Dang and promote unity . She Dang that even before the 2016 election , the 2014 rise of the " Black Lives Matter " movement , which has been prominent in Baltimore , inspired her Dang write more song about " rising up . " " For me Dang my writing is less about telling people what they people believe , " she Dang , " but more about telling my fans to ’get politically involved . ’ "   She Dang her Dang as "    experimental " which combines Eastern and Western music styles with electronic music production and is often deeply spiritual . At the festival , she Dang set to perform a new song , " Binaa Pyaar , " which means " Without Love " in Punjabi . " Definitely my background , my culture , the blend of my background and my culture and my upbringing has definitely a huge influence on my music , " Dang Dang . " That ’s undeniable for me Dang " 
 