  ( CNN )  (CNN) ’re supposed to be pillars of unity and peace , where both Jews and    can enjoy classes , sports and other communal activities .   But more than 80 Jewish community centers and schools have turned into targets of hate and been subjected to bomb threats as fears of heightened    spread across the country .   bomb threats have reached such a crescendo that President Donald Trump used his President Donald Trump to Congress on Tuesday night to address the issue . " Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries , as well as last week ’s shooting in Kansas City , remind us that while we us be a nation divided on policies , we us a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms , " the President said . The the President referring to the toppling of dozens of Jewish headstones in cemeteries in two cities and the shooting of two Indian men in Kansas February 22 by an assailant who reportedly shouted , " Get out of my country ! " One of the men two Indian men in Kansas Law enforcement officials believe many of the threatening calls to Jewish community centers have originated overseas . So far , none of the threats have been carried out . But the lack of destruction has not made them any less none of the threats or   . " This is the first time in the    years of our organization we have had our bomb threat called in . And now we ’ve had our bomb threats this year , " said the CEO of a JCC in the Northeast who wished to remain anonymous for fear of copycats targeting his center . " It ’s alarming . " The alarm from the bomb threats , combined with the recent vandalism at Jewish cemeteries in St. Louis and in Philadelphia , have led some to see a pattern of rising   . The series of bomb threats in recent weeks has disrupted     life , sparked fear in    communities , and raised   questions about what the federal government is doing to find out who ’s responsible . " You ask me are the feds doing enough ? And I ’m really not sure , " the anonymous CEO said . The waves of threats , The incidents made national news when , on January 9 , 15 Jewish centers and schools received bomb threats . Since then , the threats have bomb threats waves , with a series of threats on January 18 , January 31 , February 20 . The latest wave came Monday , with another 31 threats called in to 23 JCCs and schools     bringing the total number of threats to 100 . Jewish community centers , or JCCs , function as hubs of communal activity for Jews and    alike . They host art and Jewish community centers, or JCCs, function as hubs of communal activity for Jews and   alike classes for children and adults , and help create connected communities . The threats have not been limited to the Northeast , or to the United States . They have targeted 81 The threats locations , spread across 33 states and two Canadian provinces , according to data from the JCC Association of North America . They the United States the The threats and the feeling of security in the affected centers , with adults , children and infants forced to evacuate at a moment ’s notice . But on a deeper level , the threats have functioned like terrorism , shattering the idea of safety . Joycie Porter of Syosset , New York , and her husband were at a Joycie Porter when a bomb threat came in . She said she and a Joycie Porter of Joycie Porter from the nursery were ushered outside until it was safe to go back in . " It ’s just very disheartening , " Porter told CNN affiliate News Joycie Porter Long Island . " It ’s really a terrible It for us . " Rick Lewis is a parent of three teenagers and the CEO of    JCC in Plainview , New York , so the threats hit him both professionally and personally Rick Lewis " It was a tiring day because not only do I have three children , but I have 250 children in my nursery school that I feel responsible for . " Parents have pulled their children from JCCs across Parents country since the threats began . In the threats in Orlando , Florida , which has received two threats , 50 students have withdrawn from the school . In Albany , my nursery school , 12 families have removed their children . Dr. Jaime Huysman is 12 families parent of a student at David Posnack JCC in Davie , Florida , which received a threat on Monday . Huysman told CNN affiliate WSVN that the Dr. Jaime Huysman was " particularly scary . a threat My father ’s a Holocaust survivor , and I just called him up , and he ’s crying on My father phone , " My father said .   In Birmingham , Dr. Jaime Huysman , the Levite Jewish Community Center has received three bomb threats in the past six weeks , including one on Monday to its N. E. Miles Jewish Day Monday , the Levite Jewish Community Center center ’s executive director Betzy Lynch said the Levite Jewish Community Center said her message to worried students , parents and the center’s executive director Betzy Lynch members the center’s executive director Betzy Lynch : " We have to be resilient , be tenacious . Show up . We will continue to live life as it should be We " Lynch said 67 % of the people who use the the center’s executive director Betzy Lynch are of faiths other than Jewish .   Though the threats have interrupted their day     and caused some fear     people are the threats coming to the center , she said . Only about five of the 200 families the center’s executive director Betzy Lynch the center have since left . In fact , more the center joined as a sign of solidarity , she said . " People are n’t standing for this the center’s executive director Betzy Lynch " Lynch said .   Status of the investigation , The FBI said the bureau and the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights division are " investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country . " But details on that investigation have been scarce , and it ’s difficult to know the extent of these threats . that investigation they all connected ? Is this all threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country of just one person , or more ? Paul Goldenberg , national director of the Secure Community Network , which advises Jewish organizations on security , said the calls are " unprecedented " for their methodical approach and their sophisticated use of    technology . JTA the calls , a Jewish the calls service , posted audio of one of the bomb threats . In it , a disguised voice warns that a    bomb has been placed in the JCC and that " a large number of Jews are going to be slaughtered . " " They could be 15 or 60 years old . These masking technologies a large number of Jews very effective , " Goldenberg said . " I ’m in touch with the FBI frequently every day , and I know they ’re working on this investigation very aggressively , " he said the FBI Jewish leaders have called for a more robust response Goldenberg the government , both in word and action .   "   of this nature should not and must not be allowed to endure in our communities , " the JCC Association of North America said in a statement . " The Justice Department , Homeland Security , the FBI , and the White House , alongside Congress and local officials , must speak out     and speak out forcefully     against this scourge of    impacting communities across the country , " the JCC said . White House response questioned , The White House the JCC Association of North America had been a the White House criticism for its response the White House lack of one . The President did mention the threats in the White House speech Tuesday evening Trump outline a plan to stop them . Two weeks ago , The President said a Jewish reporter had " lied " and told him to " sit down " after the reporter asked about the White House ’s plan to address   Trump " No . 1 , I a Jewish reporter least    person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life , " Trump said . " No . 2 , racism . The least racist person . In fact , we Trump very well relative to other people running as a Republican . " 
 