Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz gave a stump speech on behalf of Sen. Mike Lee in Draper , Utah on Saturday . Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz reminded the people of heated    battles Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz fought alongside Lee , as both men are outsiders . [ Lee followed Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz with a stump speech of Lee own for the presidential candidate competing with Donald Trump for the Republican nomination and for a win in Lee ’s home state of Utah in Tuesday ’s primary caucuses .   Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz thanked the people of Utah for sending Lee to the U. S. Senate while Lee recalled the people of Utah embittered battles against the establishment on both the Republican and Democrat sides . Lee recalled Lee    filibuster , during which Lee never left and provided respite with    questions . Cruz shared story after story of pushing back against the DC elite class and working hand in hand with Lee . " Our freedom is at stake , our nation is dangling in the balance , " Cruz told the Draper crowd . " And our nation ’s because Washington is n’t accountable to the people . The go to Washington , the Draper crowd get elected , and the Draper crowd stop listening to Our . You hear that from Republicans , from Democrats , from independents , from libertarians   —    Republicans, from Democrats, from independents, from libertarians   ’re not listening to Our . " Cruz emphasized the importance of holding " Washington accountable to Our the people . " Cruz said , " It is not easy to stand up to the Washington establishment , they have all sorts of tools that they utilize . they utilize ridicule and attacks . " Cruz spoke of senate lunches where " senators all around the table yell and scream . " Cruz specifically recalled one in which Lee yelled the complaint " My constituents keep calling me ! " Lee took the stage saying , "   …     There ’s a difference between an imposter and a genuine article , and Cruz is that difference . " " We need a uniter . We need We to unite our party We to expand our party our party bring us victory We and Ted Cruz that man . " Lee took mild Lee at trailing Republican contender Ohio Gov. John Kasich and frontrunner Donald Trump , as well as socialist Democrat party candidate Bernie Sanders . He did n’t Lee mention of Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton in speaking of who had been stumping in his home state . Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton is up for Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton in Utah as he stands in support Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton Cruz for president . Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Carly Fiorina , both former 2016 Republican presidential contenders , also joined Cruz and Lee for Cruz rally Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton Perry and Fiorina have Rick Perry Cruz campaign trail along the way . On Friday both Perry and Fiorina appeared with Cruz Rick Perry Cruz Fiorina Sean Hannity on Fox News . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 