’   ’ ’    In poker , there is a concept called " tilt . " ’ "    When a poker player is on tilt , that means a poker player ’s angry , and a poker player    anger is interfering with a poker player judgment . A player on tilt will    tend to play aggressively , but not in a good way   —    a poker player ’ll make big    bets when a poker player has a bad hand , and then a poker player ’ll lose . " ’    You might remember the climactic scene in " Rounders , " in which    Mike McDermott discovers   Mike McDermott poker nemesis Teddy KGB has a    serious " tell . " You can figure out whether Teddy has a good hand    based on the way Teddy eats Teddy Oreos . ’ ’    One way to use this information would be to keep quiet , sit back ,    watch Teddy eat , and bet accordingly . But Teddy realizes that if Teddy    reveals to Teddy that Teddy knows about the tell , Teddy will flip    out and go on tilt , making bad choices and ultimately losing all    Teddy chips . ’ ’    This is roughly what Hillary Clinton did to Donald Trump on    Monday . It . ’ "    Ahead of Monday night ’s debate , one of the facts we knew about    Hillary Clinton preparation was that she Hillary Clinton   about how to get    under Trump Donald Trump skin . " ’    " Her Hillary Clinton is preparing ways for her Hillary Clinton unnerve Mr. Trump’s    provoke him to Trump’s and rave , " The New York Times reported . ’ ’    This worked during the debate . But more impressively , it has This worked    days after the debate the debate ’    Clinton has gotten Trump to Trump’s the whole week litigating the    question of whether he was out Clinton line to publicly humiliate      Universe Alicia Machado over her weight gain Clinton 1996 . ’ ’    Clinton based her Clinton strategy Clinton a key insight : Trump has Trump’s poor impulse control , but he is Trump’s impulsive at some times than    others .    is Trump’s always an uncontrollable pile of sputtering    rage   —    he was Trump’s —    but if you find the right way to    provoke him , Trump’s can send him off Trump’s rails . ’ ’    Over the past few months , he has Trump’s less able to stifle    himself when    is Trump’s attack ( as during the Democratic    convention ) when he believes Trump’s campaign Trump’s are      his choices Trump’s as when Paul Manafort was too openly    discussing the need for Trump to change ) or when he is Trump’s    in the polls ( the way he was Trump’s after the Democratic    the Democratic   convention ’   ’ ’    Having observed this , Clinton set off a series of dominoes . ’ ’    She attacked Trump where he is Clinton   Trump    calling him " Trump’s , "    questioning his wealth Trump’s bringing up past feuds   —    and got him not Trump’s only to lash out in    ways but also to be       distracted by the need to    out that he forgot to bring up key    attacks on Clinton . ’       After Trump flunked the debate ,   about how they tried    and failed to get him to prepare . This further    Trump ,    leading his campaign Trump organize    conference    with    surrogates and supporters instructing them    stop leaking and      surrogates and supporters saying Trump had won    debate . Trump ’    the debate of that conference call predictably   leading the man who practically invented the    phrase " many people are saying " to   that any story about his campaign based on    anonymous sources was based on lies . ’ "    The bad debate has also hurt Trump ’s poll standing , and as Trump    comes to realize the polls Trump he will most likely    become angrier and Trump erratic   —    at a time when he ought to be    trying to become Trump and more prepared for the next debate on    October 9 . " ’    Alicia Machado turns out to have had   than most people realized on debate    night , a fact that makes some people wonder whether the Clinton    campaign fully vetted her before putting her in the national    Alicia Machado . ’ Alicia Machado    My guess is the Clinton campaign knew exactly what it was the Clinton   campaign ’   ’ ’    the Clinton   campaign existence of scandal around Machado made it irresistible for    Trump to spend his week insisting The existence of scandal around Machado Machado was the real    villain Machado   —    Machado message choice that made Trump look petty and    silly even before he urged voters in a series of overnight tweets    Machado check out Machado’ ’s " sex tape " ( which is   about      celebrities working on a farm ) . ’ ’    A rational candidate , coolly focused on what message he could    send to best win over voters , Machado understand that there is    nothing to gain by arguing about whether Machado is    good    person , let alone about whether her weight gain was " . " ’ "    But Trump is not rational . He ’s on tilt . " ’    In poker Machado if you go on tilt , the best strategy is to stop    playing . Get up , step away from the table , and come back to play    again only when your mood has normalized . ’       You do n’t have that option in a presidential campaign , but I ’d    note even more importantly that you do n’t have the option in the    presidency . If Clinton can get inside Trump ’s head so easily ,    foreign leaders will be able to do so , too . This personality    trait would make Trump a very dangerous president . " ’    Fortunately Trump it has also made him a danger to himself in his own    campaign . ’ ’    him has him option to take a tilt break . Trump expectation is he    will come back to debate on October 9 him mad as hell   —    and I    also expect that Clinton has plans up her sleeve    make him even    more unhinged . Clinton 
 him 