  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has had a terrible few days . Donald Trump has been sucked into a row with a Muslim Gold Star family , the Khans criticized strongly by John McCain and branded " unfit " for high office by President Barack Obama .   This might be the worst start to a fall campaign since 1972 , when George McGovern was forced to drop a running mate who admitted to having received electric shock therapy . George McGovern crisis solidified impressions that he George McGovern a dolt and a ditherer     that he George McGovern unpresidential . But we live in different times . Standards are much lower . For Trump to get this far suggests a significant proportion of the electorate just does n’t care whom he Trump . Let me play devil ’s advocate , on the understanding that I am defending the devilish     just one of many epithets that Trump Trump used for Clinton . The Democrats , the media and certain disaffected Republicans have been quick to jump on Trump Trump and he Trump given them The Democrats, the media and certain disaffected Republicans lot of material . But have they The Democrats, the media and certain disaffected Republicans entirely fair ? For a start , the Khan family were not the only people representing someone who died in service to the United States at this year ’s conventions . The certain disaffected Republicans Pat Smith , who lost a son in the Benghazi raids . Her speech , like the Khans’ was highly personal and damning of the opposing nominee     and both were exploitations of grief by political parties that ought , frankly , to be ashamed of themselves for both other people ’s suffering to get votes .   Yet while Smith ’s speech has been rarely mentioned since , the Khans have emerged as far more eloquent critics of Trump than Clinton herself . That ’s partly because of the way Trump chose Trump answer Khizr Khan ’s criticisms : a ) to suggest that he , too , had sacrificed a lot and b ) to imply that Ghazala Khan might have been silent out of submission to her Islamic Ghazala Khan .   But for all Trump ’s clumsiness on this front     which , yes , might in itself disqualify him from he role of commander in chief on the grounds of temperament     the fuss distracts from the bigger questions that really matter . Remember that Hillary Clinton voted for the war the Khans lost a son in . That should be a far bigger deal than it is . Vet Trump ’s remarks correct him when Vet Trump gets Vet Trump so wrong . But the question of when it ’s it or wrong to intervene and who owes whom an apology over Iraq is surely a much more important matter than this . Khizr Khan himself is on record as saying that wars in the Middle East have left America more vulnerable . He ’s Khizr Khan himself . But it just is n’t being discussed . It ’s it more important subject , too , than the fact that Trump appeared to ask a woman with a crying baby to leave his rally Khizr Khan himself plainly a bit of banter , by the way . Or that his wife Khizr Khan himself posed for Sapphic topless photos . Or that Obama thinks Trump is Trump a terrible , terrible person .   These are irrelevant in part because they distract These from analyzing the substance of Trump ’s Trump , but also because they are These examples of how everything liberals perceive to be a negative about Trump actually Trump as a positive among his own Trump . What do they translate his own people in the minds of many conservatives ? That Trump , Trump everyone else , hates being interrupted by screaming infants . That Trump ’s Trump hot and unashamed of it . And Trump’s wife anyone who Obama thinks is unfit for the presidency must be getting something right .   So yes , Trump has shot Trump in the Trump several times     and that ’s reflected in polling that puts Clinton comfortably ahead nationally . But the model of a campaign that he ’s working Trump is n’t the kind of model that sunk past contenders . His goal is Trump nail down a base , grow it a little His goal then get it to turn His goal in huge numbers .   Whether that strategy works , it means that that strategy works time the Democrats or media think they ’ve wounded the Democrats or media , he ’ll just Trump on fighting . And , by his own logic Trump he should . Trump Trump was to Trump a mistake and apologize for it , he Trump shatter Trump own narrative Trump eternal invincibility . This crudeness , love it or loathe This crudeness , is This crudeness only way he ’ll win Trump Meanwhile , the country is denied the kind of debate it deserves . the country ’m far more interested to hear how Trump is going Trump finance his latest proposal Trump spending more than $ 500 billion on infrastructure . Or what Clinton has to say in light of the Khan controversy about her own foreign Clinton . She has been Clinton the heart of a series of gross errors that have cost lives . She backed Iraq Clinton She was at Clinton helm during Libya . And she is now Clinton of overseeing the financing of rebel forces in Syria . Compared to all of that , Trump University is very small fry indeed . 
 