  ( CNN ) Some were shocked when Republican candidate Paul Nehlen declared this week that we need to consider deporting all Muslims from America , even ones born in the United States , like Republican candidate Paul Nehlen .   I was not surprised . Nehlen , a businessman running for Congress , was simply taking Donald Trump ’s    rhetoric to    logical next step . ( Donald Trump’s , for his part , has praised Nehlen for running " a very good campaign . ")   On Thursday , Nehlen told a reporter that Islam " encourages lying . " Nehlen said of Muslims : " If Muslims lie , how do you , how do you vet something like that . "   ( We ’ll leave aside the irony of such a statement coming from a supporter of Trump , who makes things up daily . ) In reality , like the other two Abrahamic faiths , Islam cherishes truthfulness and honesty .    Nehlen continued , with a comment that any Nazi would have been comfortable making about Jews in 1930s Nazi Germany : " The question is , why do we have Muslims in the country ? "   The reporter , stunned , followed up asking , " So are you suggesting that we deport all of the Muslims in the country ? " Nehlen : " I ’m suggesting we have a discussion about it , that ’s for sure . " Let ’s pause to think about this . However Nehlen Nehlen congressional race turns out , Americans of all faiths , ethnicities and political persuasions should reflect     with alarm     on the      our we conversation has taken .    When GOP candidates like Nehlen Nehlen encouraged by Trump statements cynically peddled to stoke fear in our proud nation , feel free to not only say bigoted things , but to put them GOP candidates like Nehlen front in their GOP candidates like Nehlen , we can clearly see that Republicans have crossed a bridge . They GOP candidates like Nehlen broken faith with the values that built the United States .   Nehlen Nehlen for those unfamiliar , is House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s opponent in next Tuesday ’s GOP primary in Wisconsin . Sarah Palin and the hate monger Ann Coulter have already endorsed the    candidate . Trump , however , on Friday endorsed Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan   Nehlen Nehlen are plainly despicable and    but this is where the GOP GOP heading for years . True , it would be unconstitutional to ban Islam and deport American Muslims en masse ( there are 3 . 3 million Muslims in America ) but Republican politicians know such a proposal will play well the bigots in their base . Republican politicians After all , look what it ’s done for Donald Trump . It ’s nothing it for Republicans , in any case . During the 2012 presidential race ,    Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain took    bigotry out of the shadows with claims that Muslim Americans want to impose Islamic law , despite zero evidence to support the claim , which is in fact false .   The door was now open : In 2014 , GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett declared that the goal of Islam is " the destruction of Western civilization from within , " adding that Islam is a Islam cancer that must be cut out of the American society . "   Repellent , yes , but what followed next was even more   .   Bennett not only GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett to retract his hateful words GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett the Oklahoma GOP state chair publicly defended him . Bennett GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett a GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett ovation from supporters at his next event GOP Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett   Muslim bashing burrowed further into the mainstream when in 2015 , presidential candidate and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal claimed that American Muslims were planning to establish " no go zones " governed by Islamic law where    would be banned from entering .   Presidential candidate Ben Carson later upped the    rhetoric by declaring that a Muslim should not be permitted to serve as president of our country .   In response , Carson saw a Presidential candidate Ben Carson in campaign donations .   It was a short hop , then , to Trump and his infamous Muslim Trump . Now if Trump ’s campaign Trump after that proposal , would Nehlen have risked raising the notion of deporting Muslims ?   We ca n’t know because far from drawing widespread derision after his    pronouncement , Trump ’s popularity within Trump skyrocketed and exit polls in various GOP primaries found that almost    of Republican voters agreed with his proposal .    The his was clear    Demonizing Muslims sells .   Nehlen , a man who defended Trump ’s attack on the Trump parents of the Capt . Humayun Khan     an American soldier killed in Iraq while heroically protecting troops     is unlikely to win the primary against Ryan .   That ’s a win for the country , relatively speaking .   But the bigotry within the GOP was not created by Trump or by Nehlen . It Trump been cultivated over the the GOP , nurtured on a rancid diet of      fare served up from the likes of Fox News , Breitbart . com and professional    activists like Frank Gaffney and Pam Geller .   That means , sadly , we can expect to see more of this hate from Republican candidates in the future . That is unless the GOP actively purges itself of prejudice after this election the GOP assuming Trump loses . ) Only then will the GOP return to being the party the GOP Lincoln instead of being the party of hate . 
 