Chicago ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders’ permanent " political revolution " rolled into Chicago on Saturday night , as the Vermont senator called on progressive activists gathered here to beat back President Donald Trump ’s agenda while remaking the Democratic Party . Speaking to a crowd of buzzing supporters in former President Barack Obama ’s adopted hometown , Sanders ripped President Donald Trump ’s " incredible hypocrisy " and called former President Barack Obama a demagogue who makes " even a very conservative president like George W. Bush " appealing in comparison . But it was his Sanders assessment of the party whose nomination he Sanders in 2016 that set off an audience of nearly 4 , 000 mostly dedicated " Berniecrats . " " I am often asked by the media and others , ’How did it ’How about that Donald Trump , the most unpopular presidential candidate in the modern history of our country , won the election ? ’ " he offered teasingly as chants of " Bernie would have won " filled the hall . " My answer is that Trump did n’t win the the election the Democratic Party lost the election the election Sanders said , reviving his own past Sanders .   It ’s a line he ’s used Sanders , but this was a night for the old hits , and Sanders moved through Sanders laundry list Sanders issues over the course of nearly 55 minutes alone on stage before being joined by wife Jane Sanders and RoseAnn DeMoro , the executive director of National Nurses United , the event ’s union organizers , for a       session . Sanders was interrupted Sanders throughout his remarks by Sanders and standing ovations , but also by supporters in red waving " Draft Bernie " banners and placards . The group wants Sanders to leave Sanders Democratic mix and form his own " Sanders ’s Party " ahead of the 2020 elections . The speech came nearly a year after the final contest in the Democratic primary that launched his " political Sanders , " and in what many here consider the validating glow of a British election that saw leftist Jeremy Corbyn ’s Labour party score massive gains in the UK Parliament .      " They won those leftist Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party , " Sanders said of Labour , " not by moving to the right , not by becoming more conciliatory     they won those leftist Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party by those seats up ) to the ruling class of the UK . " Lamenting Republican control of not just Washington but in state legislatures , Sanders said " the Sanders model and the current strategy of the Democratic Party is an absolute failure . " His prescription for the Sanders was " the Democratic Party " and to " knock on every damn door " in search of new votes , even in historically inhospitable regions .   " Strong progressives could do far , far better than anyone imagined and . .. with proper organization and financial resources we can win in any district in the United States of America , " Sanders said , a clear shot at party leaders who have been criticized on the left over a perceived lack of support for upstart congressional candidates in Montana and Kansas . Sanders also took a series Sanders stinging shots at Trump , labeling him " perhaps the worst Sanders most dangerous president in the history of our country " and a habitual liar . He argued that the Republican Sanders populist campaign pitch was a deception , a Trojan horse that opened the White House doors to a parade of plutocrats . " This is a man who ran for president , telling the people of this country that he was our country stand Sanders for the working class , that he was going to stand Sanders to the political establishment and then , once he got elected and without Sanders second ’s hesitation he brings more billionaires into Sanders administration than any president Sanders history , " Sanders said as the audience Sanders . " And he hires the former president Sanders Goldman Sachs to be his chief economic adviser . Sanders This is the second annual People ’s Summit , which is again being hosted in the sprawling McCormick Place convention center on Lake Michigan . Sanders did not speak at Sanders attend the June 2016 gathering . As DeMoro took the stage following his remarks , she looked Sanders and stopped to thank " all the ’Draft Bernie’ people . " " I am with you , " she said , and crowd erupted she . 
 