When Donald J. Trump went to Detroit last week to deliver a speech on Donald J. Trump economic proposals , Donald J. Trump laid the chronic problems of Detroit at the feet of Donald J. Trump opponents , saying Democrats had a stranglehold on power , " and unless we change policies Democrats we will not Democrats results . " But Donald J. Trump had no firsthand encounter with the very difficulties he Donald J. Trump : He Donald J. Trump into the city on his Detroit , got into his Donald J. Trump utility vehicle and motorcaded on highways past several black neighborhoods before reaching the downtown convention center where he Donald J. Trump the heavily white Detroit Economic Club . Then he Donald J. Trump without taking questions about the decline and nascent recovery of the country ’s automotive capital , a hub of black America . In attempting to fashion a populist message , Mr. Donald J. Trump criticized Democrats for doing little to address urban joblessness and despair . But in the more than a year since he began Donald J. Trump White Donald J. Trump bid , the Republican nominee has not held a single event aimed at black voters in their communities , shunning the traditional stops at    churches , historically black colleges and barber shops and salons that have long been staples of the presidential campaign trail . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump have purposefully snubbed black neighborhoods   —    he rarely plunges Donald J. Trump any community to tour businesses , sample local cuisine or spontaneously engage in the handshake and    rituals of everyday campaigning . His preferred style Donald J. Trump politicking consists almost entirely of addressing    rallies , conducting media interviews and receiving visitors in private at events or at his Manhattan skyscraper Donald J. Trump But the     white    billionaire has not just walled himself off from    voters where they the    white   billionaire . He has also turned the    white   billionaire repeated invitations the    white   billionaire address gatherings of black leaders , ignored    conservatives in states he needs to win and made numerous the    white   billionaire comments about minorities . Mr. Trump ’s mix of provocation and neglect has infuriated black Republicans , who fear that the party ’s already dismal standing with    may sink so low that it barely registers in swing states . the party He ’s alienated a number of minority Mr. Trump , and that ’s reflected in his low numbers , " said Tara Mr. Trump , a communications consultant who helped with black outreach on both of George W. Bush ’s presidential campaigns and Mitt Romney ’s 2012 bid . " You have to do the bare minimum , and he ’s not even doing that . Mr. Trump Republican presidential candidates typically perform poorly among black voters , perhaps the most loyal constituency in the Democratic Party . Since President Gerald R. Ford received 16 percent of the    vote in 1976 , no Republican nominee has attained more than 12 percent . But as demonstrated in the past two White House races   —    in which John McCain received 4 percent of black votes in 2008 and Mitt Romney received 6 percent in 2012   —    when a Republican collapses into single digits among    and struggles with other minorities , it reduces the number of white votes    Democrat needs to win the presidency . That is what worries Republicans this year , particularly in states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania with heavily black cities , where an NBC    Street    poll last week showed Mr. Trump receiving only 1 percent of the black vote . ( The poll ’s three percentage point margin an NBC   Street   poll last week among all voters suggests that his support could be slightly higher . ) Mr. Trump As is the case with many other groups , Donald Trump is in a race to the Mr. Trump " said Whit Ayres , a Republican pollster who last year wrote a book warning his party to expand its appeal or face doom Mr. Trump " He will his party have to get more than 65 Mr. Trump of the white vote to win . " Some of Mr. Trump ’s advisers recognize the severity of the Mr. Trump called on him to broaden his campaign . Conceding that she is " Mr. Trump concerned " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s standing among blacks , Omarosa Manigault , his Mr. Trump    outreach , said she wanted to bring him Mr. Trump black audiences . " I am she looking at opportunities Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to get in front of key partners in the    Mr. Trump particularly civil rights groups and faith groups , particularly historically black colleges and universities , " said Ms. Manigault , who achieved fame as a contestant on the first season of Mr. Trump ’s television show " The Apprentice . " " We have Mr. Trump effort , " she said . " It ’s unacceptable to say , ‘ Oh , it ’s just too late , we are not going to try to do anything It ’ " While Mr. Trump We prided himself on how popular " The Apprentice " was among    Mr. Trump of his friendships Mr. Trump black celebrities , he The Apprentice whatever good will he once enjoyed among Mr. Trump . Interviews with black Republicans Mr. Trump Democrats reveal one reason he Mr. Trump so toxic : He is perhaps the most prominent " birther " in the Mr. Trump , contending in 2011 Mr. Trump President Obama was not born in the United States and leading a charge calling on Mr. Obama to release his birth certificate . And if that was not troubling enough to blacks President Obama Trump ’s call President Obama restore the country ’s greatness can sound to    ears as Mr. Trump is nostalgic for a time before the country family was in the White House . He Mr. Trump initially refused to denounce David Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan leader who has Mr. Trump support for Mr. Trump , and has never expounded on Mr. Duke ’s bigotry beyond dismissively saying that he Mr. Trump " him . Then there are Mr. Trump ’s heated rallies , in which the candidate has encouraged Mr. Duke treatment of minority Mr. Duke , his attacks on the Black Lives Matter movement and his recognition in June of a black supporter , in a sea Mr. Trump’s white faces , as " my   . Mr. Trump’s " We ’ve never seen numbers this bad for someone at the top of the ticket , " said Cornell Belcher , a Democratic strategist . " This is much deeper than simply not agreeing with Donald Trump on the issues . This is a much deeper rejection of him . " Making matters worse , Mr. Trump has demonstrated little appetite to This outside his comfort zone . The Donald Trump he has had with blacks have Donald Trump confined to meetings at Trump Tower . And Donald Trump Ms. Manigault and other Trump Donald Trump have tried to have him speak to influential black audiences , their efforts have been rejected . In recent interactions Donald Trump predominantly black and Hispanic organizations Donald Trump —    some of which typically Ms. Manigault and other Trump advisers presidential candidates of both parties every four years   —    the Trump campaign has either not responded to requests for him to appear or has waited until shortly before the events to say Donald Trump would not be attending . It took almost Donald Trump months for the N. A. A. C. P. to get a " Donald Trump " from the Trump campaign in response to an invitation to speak at the group ’s annual convention in July . Five days before the Trump campaign a campaign official emailed to say that Mr. Trump had a scheduling conflict . In early May , a representative from It National Association of Black Journalists invited Mr. Trump to speak at a convention it was hosting with the National Association of Hispanic Journalists . After several phone calls and a Mr. Trump emails back and forth , the Trump campaign told the groups on the day before the convention began that he could not attend . Even among    black groups that may Mr. Trump members open to the candidacy of a business a convention it was hosting with the National Association of Hispanic Journalists Mr. Trump has shown little interest . The National Urban League said it had invited Mr. Trump to speak three times . The first two Mr. Trump it received no official answer . Most recently , the group extended The National Urban League invitation Mr. Trump Trump to speak at its annual conference three times Manigault The National Urban League she had stressed to    Trump advisers that he should accept . He Mr. Trump " We did n’t get any reason . the group just got an email declaration , " said Ms. Manigault Morial , the Mr. Trump Urban League president Mr. Trump " My view is that candidates who run for public office should work to We to every segment of the electorate . " Yet Mr. Trump is not even reaching out to some    black Republicans . Joe Watkins , a Philadelphia pastor who worked in Donald Trump ’s White House , said he saw no White House the nominee was trying to reach Pennsylvania ’s the Republican nominee . " Every cycle except Mr. Watkins help them , " Mr. Watkins said . He is not the only black conservative Mr. Watkins by Mr. Trump . Gregory Cheadle , the man Mr. Trump referred to as " my " said he was inspired Mr. Trump Trump ’s success and wealth but was frustrated that Mr. Watkins candidate has the Republican presidential campaigns done more to appeal to black Mr. Watkins . " He ’s a Donald Trump his life does n’t have Mr. Cheadle said . " It would be great Mr. Watkins he went to a N. A. A. C. P. meeting or just interacted with blacks more   —    and not necessarily for political gain   Mr. Watkins    but just to understand Mr. Watkins struggle and what we go through . " Blacks in Detroit , feeling spurned by Mr. Trump , felt much Mr. Watkins same . Marvin Beatty , who like Mr. Trump is a developer and casino executive , said the Republican    could have easily Donald Trump black entrepreneur in Mr. Trump willing to host him and highlight the city ’s burgeoning comeback . " our it have necessarily moved the needle ? Probably not , " Mr. Beatty said . " But would it Mr. Beatty attempting to serve the community and fulfill his agenda ? Without question . " 
 Mr. Beatty Mr. Beatty the Republican    the Republican    the Republican    