Timothy Caughman , an     thread in Manhattan ’s tapestry one week ago as Timothy Caughman, an    thread in Manhattan’s collected bottles and cans for the nickel refund , was honored Saturday by the mayor of New York City and dozens of old friends , whose hair had grayed since Timothy Caughman, an    thread in Manhattan’s tapestry one week ago as he collected bottles and cans for the nickel refund saw Mr. Caughman last . On a raw morning that felt more like winter than spring , Timothy Caughman, an    thread in Manhattan’s tapestry one week ago as he collected bottles and cans for the nickel refund gathered in the little red brick Mount Zion Baptist Church in South Jamaica , Queens , where Mr. Caughman father had once been a pastor . Timothy Caughman, an    thread in Manhattan’s tapestry one week ago as he collected bottles and cans for the nickel refund sang the praise of Mr. Caughman Mr. Caughman 66 when he was killed by Mr. Caughman attacker armed with a sword on the night of March 20 while scavenging in Midtown   —    as an individual of quiet dignity and broad interests . James Harris Jackson , 28 , a white man from Baltimore , has been arrested in his killing and charged James Harris Jackson, 28, a white man from Baltimore murder as terrorism . The police and prosecutors said he told investigators that James Harris Jackson, 28, a white man from Baltimore came to New James Harris Jackson, 28, a white man from Baltimore intending to kill black men . Mr. Caughman was his only victim . Mr. Caughman Saturday , Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke for 17 minutes at Mount Zion , towering over the pulpit and over Mr. Caughman ’s garlanded coffin . His rhetorical sparks resonated Mayor Bill de Blasio appreciative mourners . The mayor ’s most Mayor Bill de Blasio may have been his simple presence . As Mayor Bill de Blasio to make a point by his own example that Mr. Mayor Bill de Blasio had been transformed Mr. Caughman’s garlanded coffin into an Everyman of New York City , Mr. de Blasio remained for the entire funeral , which lasted almost two hours . He sat next to the pastor Mr. de Blasio the Rev. Christopher N. Howard . He bowed his head when that Mr. de Blasio called Mr. de Blasio . He stood and clapped his hands Mr. de Blasio the chorus sang Mr. de Blasio We ’ll Understand It Better By the pastor, the Rev. Christopher N. Howard By , " when it would have been impossible to It anything else . " He stayed , " Mr. Howard Mr. de Blasio after the service , standing atop the steps of the church while Mr. Caughman ’s extended family   —    Caughmans , Peeks and Johnsons   —    prepared to depart for Flushing Cemetery in Queens for the burial . " When the mayor comes like that , it means the world to us the mayor South Jamaica . " The mayor ’s remarks were spirited the mayor him the title " Reverend de Blasio " the mayor Letitia A. James , the city ’s public advocate , who followed him to the pulpit . As a pastor the mayor Mr. de Blasio was not entirely conciliatory . Running for    and dogged by a sometimes tense relationship with reporters , he obliquely mentioned newspaper articles that had discussed Mr. de Blasio Caughman ’s relatively minor criminal record . " There were news reports about this man that somehow dwelt on something that happened to him that happened to every single one of the mayor in this room , " the mayor said , " which is , somewhere along the way , we made a mistake . So why , us he ’s a victim , an innocent victim the mayor a racist attack , does any reporter want to talk about a mistake he made along the way . Why is any reporter pertinent ? " As murmurs of assent began building , Mr. de Blasio declared , " What ’s pertinent is that he was the victim of a racist attack Mr. de Blasio " At that , there was applause . " Let me be straightforward , " Mr. de Blasio continued . " What if Mr. de Blasio a black man who traveled to another Mr. de Blasio for the sole purpose   —    " when a standing ovation made it impossible to hear the rest of the sentence . " Would that have been    news ? Day after day ? " " Still , " came the quiet answer from Kathy    who knew Mr. Caughman when they were growing up in the South Jamaica Houses , a housing project just a few blocks down 107th Avenue from Mount Zion . Again , the mayor asked : " What if   —    instead of an older man of modest means   —    it had been a banker or a lawyer or a celebrity , an actor or an actress ? Do n’t you think that would then still be dominating our attention ? " And again Ms.    answered , not quite under her breath : " Every single day . Every channel Ms.    " To the people of the South Jamaica Houses   —    the " 40 Projects , " as they are called because of the presence nearby of Public the people of the South Jamaica Houses  —   the "40 Projects," as they are called because of the presence nearby of Public School 40  —    40   —    Mr. Caughman was Hard Rock not one to start a fight , but not one to a leave a fight unfinished , either . For 20 years , he lived in the Barbour Hotel on West 36th Street Mr. Caughman Manhattan , which houses formerly homeless people transitioning to permanent housing . Because of that , Mr. Caughman was initially assumed to have been homeless . Mr. Caughman was actually a permanent resident . " He would never Mr. Caughman been homeless , " said Mr. Caughman Mr. Caughman     Charles W. Johnson . " Not with Mr. Caughman he had on both sides . " The nickels he got from Mr. Caughman recyclable cans and bottles were used , in Mr. Caughman , to help finance trips to Washington , where he enjoyed attending congressional hearings , said a cousin , Richard Peek Mr. Caughman The photograph of Mr. Caughman that has been used to illustrate many news accounts was a selfie he took last year on Election Day . " Standing on line Mr. Caughman to vote I love america , " he posted on Twitter . Three days later , Mr. Caughman posted Mr. Caughman " ‘ Build the wall’ chants and swastikas Mr. Caughman   —    hate Mr. Caughman reports surge in US after Trump win . " No matter the subject , Mr. Caughman was always an engaging conversationalist , said Portia Clark , who Mr. Caughman him since they were teenagers . She remembered being a fast walker as a Mr. Caughman and always cursing her fate Ms. Clark a bit when she ran into young Tim Hard Rock . Ms. Clark I knew I had to Ms. Clark down because I knew it was going to be a conversation , " Ms. Clark said . " But thank God I did because every conversation was enlightening and educational . " Her husband , Carl Nimmons , stood in the aisle of Mount Zion and Ms. Clark over at the body of Mr. Caughman , in a brilliant robe of green polished cotton , a leather crown and white gloves to cover the scars on his hands from trying to fend off the man who killed him . Mr. Mr. Caughman described a    a few months ago when the men Mr. Caughman to let less time go by between reunions . " We ’ve got to get together more often , " he recalled them saying the men one another . " And not just at funerals Mr. Nimmons " the men later , the coffin lid was closed and the funeral began . 
 