  ( CNN ) It ’s the Fourth of July weekend , when all Americans       too , of     celebrate our country ’s freedoms .   Let ’s hear from the world of Donald Trump . Well , Thursday during a Donald Trump campaign rally in Manchester , New Hampshire , an older white woman rose to ask Let’s hear from the world of Donald Trump a question . an older white woman praised Let’s hear from the world of Donald Trump campaign and then cut to the chase : " Why are n’t we putting we military retirees on that border or in TSA ? Get rid of all these heeby jobbies they wear at TSA ? "   " Heeby jobbies , " as the Trump supporter comically put it , are actually called hijabs . A hijab is the simple headscarf that some Muslim women wear . Apparently to her , Americans who are Muslim     of which there are 3 . 3 million in the U. S.     should be fired from certain jobs because of certain jobs faith .   So , did Trump , who would like to be our president , respond by making it clear that he passionately opposes discrimination against    people , a third of whom are   ?    No . Trump responded in a kindly manner , " I understand . "    Trump went on , " I ’ve seen them Trump women in hijabs ] myself . We need the veterans back in there to take it . " Trump Trump her Trump " You know , and we We looking at that . .. We We looking at a lot of things . " Trump Trump " looking at that . "    This might be a good place to point out that    are veterans , too . There are approximately 6 , 000    proudly serving in our armed forces . And there are Muslim women who wear what the Trump Trump dubbed   " heeby jobbies " providing care for vets at the Department of Veterans Affairs .   Are these    good enough for Trump ’s questioner to serve on the border or in the TSA ?   Perhaps Trump Trump " looking at that " too . Perhaps soon , based on his Trump answer to her Trump we can expect Trump Trump announce a list of occupations    are n’t permitted to hold because of their occupations    , recalling Germany in the late 1930s , where Jews were precluded from holding certain jobs ?   Outlandish ?   Let ’s look at what Trump Trump already proposed concerning Muslims here in the land of the free .   A year ago , most would have found these ideas unthinkable , but that was before he helped hate find a home in the national dialogue .       In December , Trump Trump for a " total and complete " ban on Muslims coming into the country ( he Trump slightly walked this back since , but his Trump proposal is every bit as appalling . )       Trump Trump also advocated the profiling of    meaning people like me would have fewer constitutional rights simply because of our faith .       He Trump called for closing offending American mosques , where Muslims go to worship     much like Catholics , Jews , Protestants and others gather to worship     alleging that    are aware of terrorist plots but refuse to turn each other in .      He    even been open to requiring       carry some sort of ID cards .       is stopping him    proposing a Muslim " Hunger Games " ?    Here ’s the thing that Trump and his Trump either does n’t know or wo n’t acknowledge : Muslims were a part of America even before July 4 , 1776 .   Fifteen percent of the slaves in the original 13 colonies were Muslim . In fact , if you recently watched the reboot of the " Roots " miniseries , you saw that Kunta Kinte , who was based on author Alex Haley ’s actual ancestor , was Muslim . Muslims fought to establish this nation , serving in the Revolutionary Army , fighting alongside George Washington , according to sociologist , Craig Considine , who assayed Muslims’ contributions in war in an article for the Huffington Post . The most famous was Peter Buckminster , who fired the shot that killed British Major Gen. John Pitcairn at the Battle of Bunker Hill .    Join us on Facebook . .       fought in the Civil War : Nicholas Said , for example , served in the Union army , later becoming a political activist .   Muslims , like other Americans of faith , have served our nation to ensure that all Americans     regardless of their Muslims, like other Americans of faith , or lack thereof     could enjoy the freedoms promised by our Constitution . And many Muslims have made the ultimate sacrifice for our our nation giving their lives many Muslims defense of it .   There is Capt . Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan , for example , who was killed in Iraq in 2004 while , as his commanding Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan put it , he " Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan and courageously , tackling the enemy head on . " Khan was Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan the Purple Heart and is buried , along with other    who died serving our nation , in Arlington National Cemetery .   Besides the thousands of    now serving in the United States’ armed forces , others proudly serve our nation in the FBI , Department of Homeland Security , Congress and in countless other agencies of government .   There are even nearly 1 , 000    police officers in the NYPD , protecting both New Yorkers and tourists from around the world who visit the Big Apple .   This Fourth of July , we should honor those who have served our nation , not find hateful ways to diminish them , those who have served our nation reject the bigotry spewed by Trump and his followers Trump There ’s simply no place for that type of hate in a nation as great as the United States of America . 
 