  ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders sought to show a united front at the Democratic National Convention Tuesday by asking delegates to accept Hillary Clinton ’s nomination unanimously and by acclimation . The plan came at the end of the roll call vote of all 50 states . " I move that Hillary Clinton’s be selected as the nominee of the Democratic party for President of the United States , " Bernie Sanders told the Democratic National Convention .   The move came as Bernie Sanders has attempted to tamp down Bernie Sanders rowdy supporters , at times getting booed by Bernie Sanders own backers as Bernie Sanders called for Democratic unity . It follows Sanders’ speech to the DNC on Monday , where Bernie Sanders empathized with the disappointment of Bernie Sanders supporters but said they must the DNC Clinton in the fall . Vice President Joe Biden , who was doing a walkthrough of the Wells Fargo Arena Tuesday morning , said that Democrats need to " show a little class " to Sanders supporters who are still stinging from his loss Sanders " We have to show a little class and let them be a little class for a while , " Biden told CNN . " It ’s OK . " Some of his supporters have struggled with that message , interrupting some convention speakers and delegate breakfasts . Sanders , who was booed during a California delegation breakfast Tuesday , is encouraging his backers his think of what a Trump presidency would look like .   " It is easy to boo , but it is It to look your kids in the face if we are living under a Trump presidency Trump " Sanders responded .   RELATED : Silverman : ’Ridiculous’ remark was unscripted , But Sanders’ own delegates were as angry as ever Tuesday morning , just hours after he implored Sanders’ to support Clinton in his    Sanders’ . Sanders delegates Sanders California booed down speakers , including Clinton supporter Becerra’s one point in Becerra ’s brief talk , some Becerra’s hopped on tables with Sanders signs Sanders while other delegates pounded loudly on the tables in unison . As of early Tuesday morning , it did not look like even Sanders Sanders Sanders to sway his supporters . Sanders Believe it or not we are not all blind followers of Bernie . We love Bernie and everything he represents we but Bernie because he Bernie us to do something does Bernie mean we will , " said Kari Garcia we a     Sanders supporter who went to the convention with the California delegation . Garcia and others at her table , including Sanders delegate Brian Carolus , were loudly booing and chanting " Bernie ! " throughout the California breakfast . Carolus , a     California from California , said calls for them to California behind Clinton or face Carolus, a    delegate from California Trump presidency amounted to " . " " I do n’t like that characterization , because it ’s blaming the victim . It that characterization   . We are the that characterization of their fraud and their corruption and their cheating , " their Carolus , their cited the leaked DNC emails as part of his mistrust of the Democratic Party . DNC Sanders supporters , meanwhile , announced Tuesday DNC were canning their effort to nominate Others Sanders supporters alternative to Others Sanders supporters Kaine . Norman Solomon ,    of the Bernie Delegates Network , told reporters that he had found a VP candidate who would run against Kaine , but would not reveal the Tim Kaine ’s name because the Democratic Party hid the filing paperwork from them . CLARIFICATION : An earlier story Norman Solomon,   of the Bernie Delegates Network imprecisely to the moment Sanders plans to weigh in on Clinton ’s nomination . 
 