All eyes will be on Hillary Clinton on the final day of the Democratic National Convention as Hillary Clinton not only accepts Hillary Clinton party ’s nomination for president but also tries to follow President Barack Obama ’s barnburner of a speech last night . Hillary Clinton will introduce her Hillary Clinton while Katy Perry is scheduled to perform .   Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates .    And vote in Breitbart ’s poll here . And view Breitbart Breitbart coverage of the protests outside where Green Party candidate Jill Stein is trying to upstage Hillary Hillary Clinton All times eastern .   —    12:15 : Trump campaign ’s official response : Trump campaign calls @HillaryClinton ’s # DemConvention speech ’insulting collection of clichés and recycled rhetoric’ pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 29 , 2016 ,     12:05 : Trump responds , slams Clinton for Hillary Clinton mentioning " radical Islam . " No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton    corruption and devastation follows her wherever she Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary ’s wars Hillary Clinton the Middle East have unleashed destruction , terrorism and ISIS across the world .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary ’s vision Hillary Clinton a borderless world where working people have no power , no jobs , no safety .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary will never Hillary Clinton Wall Street . She is owned Hillary Clinton Wall Street !   Wall Street Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton can not even bring herself to say the words Hillary Clinton   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton Radical Islam even bring Hillary Clinton say the words .   Hillary Clinton    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary ’s refusal to mention Radical Islam Hillary Clinton as she pushes a 550 % increase in Hillary Clinton , is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country Hillary Clinton   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:58 : Did she put Bill Clinton to sleep ? Hillary Clinton : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : Sanders delegate for Jill Stein .   11:55 : Thank you . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Great speech . She ’s tested . She ’s ready Hillary Clinton She never quits Hillary Clinton That ’s why Hillary Clinton should be our next @POTUS . Hillary Clinton She ’ll get the Twitter handle , Hillary Clinton )   —    President Obama ( @POTUS ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:53 : # plagarism alert @hillaryclinton at @DemConvention " America is great bc America is good , " de Tocqueville America America is great bc she is good America   —    " de Tocqueville "America Spicer ( @seanspicer ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:40 : Voters want poetry . " For Hillary Clinton , this was all prose tonight , "   —    @chucktodd says re : Clinton . " This was a speech Hillary Clinton could have given   . "   —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:37 :     …      ( is this ticket going to inspire the Obama coalition to turn out like they did in 2008 and 2012 ? the Obama coalition Tim Kaine embraces Hillary Clinton after her # DemConvention speech Hillary Clinton   . Hillary Clinton # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 29 , 2016 ,     …     And now : pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) July 29 , 2016 ,    —    Tony Lee : Hillary Clinton seemed agitated that    Sanders ’s Hillary Clinton disrupting the coronation she has wanted for decades . It prevented her Hillary Clinton presenting a softer image of herself . Hillary Clinton more I listen to Clinton speak Hillary Clinton these stages , the more brilliant Hillary Clinton ad from Obama allies in ’08 gets .   11:29 : Tim Kaine joins Clinton on stage : pic . twitter .    Hillary Clinton    Mari Schaefer ( @MariSchaefer ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:27 : A dozen Oregon delegates have walked out of # DNCinPHL in protest during @HillaryClinton speech accepting nomination . pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:25 : Clinton ends with : Let our legacy be about " planting seeds in a garden you never get to see . " That ’s why we ’re here . Not just in this hall our but on this Earth . The Founders showed us that . And so have many others since our They were drawn together by love of country , The Founders the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow . That is the story of America . And we begin a new chapter tonight . Yes , our world is watching what we do . Yes , America ’s destiny is our to choose . So America be stronger together . Looking to the future with courage and confidence . Building a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country . When we do , America will our greater than ever our Thank you and America God bless the United States of America . 11:22 : She is America " mean " America . 11:21 : Clinton says we have to deal divides on immigration and race and says , " so let ’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino men and women we face we effects of systemic racism , and are made to feel like their lives are disposable . " She also says , " let ’s put the shoes of young black and Latino men and women who face the effects of systemic racism in the shoes of police Clinton , kissing their kids and we goodbye we day and heading off to do a dangerous the shoes of police officers necessary job . We will reform our criminal justice system from     and rebuild trust between law we and the we they serve . " 11:16 : Clinton asks Americans to ImagineTrump " in Oval trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve facing a real crisis . A man you can bait with a tweet is not the Cuban Missile Crisis can trust with nuclear weapons . I ca n’t put it any better than Jackie Kennedy did after the Cuban Missile Crisis . She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was that a war Jackie Kennedy be started   — Jackie Kennedy by big men with    and restraint , but by little men   —    the ones moved by fear and pride . America ’s strength does n’t come from lashing out . Strength relies on smarts , judgment , cool resolve , and the precise and strategic application of power . That ’s the kind of     I pledge to be . " She ’s now onto gun control . 11:12 : Clinton blasting Trump : " He also talks a big game about putting America First . Please explain to me what part Clinton America First leads him to make Trump America’s in China , not Colorado . " She also America’s , " Clinton Trump says he wants to make America great again   — She well , he could start by actually Donald Trump things in America America’s . " [ clears throat again as Donald Trump chants " Hillary " to drown out America’s ’s supporters ] 11:11 : 11:10 : Clinton seems    by the protests at her coronation . These are the instructions for   : pic . twitter .    —    Clinton Yglesias ( @mattyglesias ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Custom sign spotted during Hillary ’s speech " Liar " # DNCinPHL @JaredWyand @Cernovich @MikeMa _ @bakedalaska pic . twitter .    —    Andrew Torba ( @torbahax ) July 29 , 2016 ,   11:10 : Clinton , without irony , says when more than " 90 % of the gains have gone to the top 1 % that ’s where the money is   …      And we are going to follow the money " 11:02 : She says Trump spoke for    minutes   …     " and the money mean odd " Clinton " offered zero solutions . " [ clears throat . ]    10:58 : Clinton now defending the    legacy . Then she says " none of us can be satisfied Clinton the status quo . " She says Clinton are the " party of working people " but " we have n’t shown Clinton good enough job " of understanding their concerns . Clinton pushing for a Democrats amendment to overturn Citizens United . She wants American corporations Democrats be Clinton just as patriotic in return   …     " She Clinton it would be " " and " inhumane " to kick out immigrants . She Clinton comprehensive amnesty legislation " is the right thing to do . " " It ’s Clinton to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other comprehensive amnesty legislation " she says . " And I believe Wall Street can never , Wall Street allowed to wreck Main Clinton again . " [ clears throat]10:53 : Clinton going over her biography , saying her heart " Hillary Clinton swelled when Hillary Clinton saw Anastasia Somoza Hillary Clinton this stage , representing millions of young people who   …     because of those changes to our laws   …     are able to get an education . " She says it is true that she sweats policy details . She says she has met many people Clinton have inspired her to fight Clinton change and she will Clinton all Clinton their voices and stories to the White Clinton . [ clears throat ] Clinton says she will be a many people who have inspired her to fight for change for those who vote for her and those who do n’t Clinton … Clinton she mentions that we have reached a milestone   Clinton      the first time a major party has Clinton a woman for president . She says she ’s happy for boys as well because " when any barrier falls in America , Clinton anyone Clinton it clears the way for everyone " and " when America are no ceilings , the sky ’s the limit . " From Breibart ’s Joel Pollak : Jill Stein Sign on floor .   10:50 : She ’s talking about how her mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a   young girl Clinton was " saved by Clinton kindness of others . " Clinton : She says she comes from a family where nobody had their names on buildings . Her grandfather " Clinton in Clinton same Scranton lace mill for 50 years . a family where nobody had their names on buildings    10:47 : Clinton : And so it is with humility , determination Hillary Clinton and boundless confidence in America ’s promise   …      that I accept your nomination for President of the America States ! [ clears throat . ] 10:46 : After saying she wrote America " It Takes a Village , " Clinton explains what she meant by it : None of us can raise a family , build a business , Clinton a community Clinton lift a country It alone . America needs every one of us to lend our energy , our talents , our ambition to America our nation better and stronger . I believe that with all us heart . us ’s why us Together " is not just a lesson from our history . It ’s not just a slogan for our campaign . " She also says she ’s fighting for a us where " love trumps hate . " [ She us clearing her throat . "    She : Interesting transition : " Remember : Our Founders fought a revolution and She a Constitution She America would never be a nation where one person had all the power . Two hundred and forty America later , we still put our faith in each other . Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police Our . Police Our David Brown asked the community to support his force , maybe even join them . And you know how the community responded ? Nearly 500 a community in just 12 Police Chief David Brown . That ’s how Americans his force when the call for help a community . " 10:43 : Unity ? Audience keeps chanting " Hillary " to drown out Sanders ’s protesters . She is mocking Trump for saying , " I , along , Hillary fix it . " Sanders’s keeps clearing her Hillary . ] 10:42 Trump Clinton promises to build a path to citizenship for millions Hillary Clinton illegal immigrants Hillary She says Hillary we will not ban a religion " Hillary Clinton will work with all of our allies to " fight and defeat terrorism . " 10:40 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak : 10:37 : Clinton says when the Founders we , some wanted to Hillary Clinton with the The Founders some wanted to " stick it to the king . " She says " our Founders embraced the enduring truth that Hillary Clinton are stronger together The Founders Clinton says our country ’s motto is the king Unum and asks , " will we stay true to our   motto our " Clinton says Trump wants to divide us from the rest of the world and each other . She says our has taken Republicans our Clinton morning in Trump " to " midnight in America . " She says Trump wants us Clinton fear the Trump and each America . She is now citing America ’s " the only thing we Clinton to fear Trump fear itself . " 10:32 : Crowd chanting " Clinton " to drown out protesters . She says we heard from the man from hope , Bill Clinton , and the man of Hillary , Barack Obama . Clinton says Hillary wants to thank Bernie Sanders we " Bernie , your campaign inspired millions of Americans , particularly the young people who Clinton their Clinton and souls into our primary . " She says Sanders put Bernie Sanders and social justice issues " front and center   …      where they belong . " She wants his Clinton to know , " I Bernie Sanders heard you . Your cause is our cause . " [ She keeps clearing Clinton throat . ] 10:27 : Bernie Sanders appears on stage and has an extended moment with Chelsea . Hillary Clinton on Clinton to accept Clinton nomination pic . twitter . Hillary —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) July 29 , 2016 Clinton 10:20 : Day 1 of # DNCinPHL : no American flags . Day 4 of # DemsInPhilly : FLAGS FLAGS FLAGS pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   With lights dim for @HillaryClinton bio video , American flags are passed out . # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Dan Nowicki ( @dannowicki ) July 29 , 2016 ,   10:13 : Chelsea says she ’s voting for someone whno is a role model as a mother and an advocate . She says she ’s voting for a progressive who will Chelsea our planet from climate change and communities from gun violence . She says she ’s voting for someone she knows she ’s rights and LGBT rights are human rights here and around the world ( but her Foundation accepts   she from she of nations that do not think they are ) . Chelsea Clinton : " This November , I the world for a woman she is my role model as a mother and as an advocate Clinton money :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 29 , 2016 ,   10:11 : America ’s    agitators   …      pieces of work : Some hecklers literally turned their backs on a Medal of Honor winner America’s Thought we got past this   . U can be     !   —    James Hohmann ( @jameshohmann ) July 29 Some hecklers 2016 ,   10:09 : Chelsea speaking about how her mother taught her about public service [ Speech seems a bit too practiced   …      like mother , like daughter ? ] . Interestingly , Chelsea refers to the " summer of her mother " as her mother ’s low point ( losing on health care ) . She says her mother never forgets who she ’s Chelsea for . 10:02 : Chelsea Clinton appearing on stage her mother her mother . She says she is here as a proud her mother , her mother mother , and " her mother , very proud daughter . " She ’s talking about how much her her mother    with her mother . her mother says her mom is " thoughtful " and " hilarious " and her mother was " always there for me . her mother She ’s talking about her her mother with dinosaurs as Chelsea kid . H with her mother heart signs as Chelsea takes the stage # DemsInPhilly pic her mother .    Chelsea    Bridget Bowman ( @bridgetbhc ) her mother 29 , 2016 her mother   . @ChelseaClinton introduces her mother , @HillaryClinton # Chelsea # genderwatch2016 pic . twitter .    —    Gender Watch 2016 ( @GenderWatch2016 ) July 29 , 2016 ,   9:55 : Katy Perry now performing . WATCH : her mother DNC https :   .   # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Katy Perry says she did n’t graduate high school then tells # DemsInPhilly to vote to be as powerful as @NRA lobbyists pic . twitter .    —    Emily Miller ( @EmilyMiller ) July 29 , Katy Perry   9:50 Katy Perry Rep. Xavier Becerra ( ) asking if Trump has ever had callouses on his hand . He wants Trump to release his college transcripts ( he does n’t believe Trump ’s claims of doing well Trump and says Hillary Clinton " Trump with us Trump " Trump Becarra : Trump We have come Trump long way " Trump my father would see the sign Clinton windows : " No dogs or Mexicans allowed . " # DNC ,   —    Robert D Sullivan ( @RobertDSullivan ) July us , 2016 ,   9:40 : Rep. Sherrod Father of slain   soldier ) says he has never seen Trump in the all the years he has been fighting bad trade deals . He says Trump ’s hats may say " Police Chief David Brown his ties say Trump made Police Chief David Brown China . " . @SenSherrodBrown on Hillary Clinton : Police Chief David Brown She America a Trump gets things done Police Chief David Brown " # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    This Week Police Chief David Brown @ThisWeekABC ) Clinton , 2016 , Clinton 9:35 : Competing signs and chants : " USA ! " and " NO MORE WARS ! " while Gen. John Allen speaks at # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   9:29 : Some delegates chanting " No More War . " Some California delegates chant " no more war ! " while General John Allen speaks . Others chant " USA ! " # DNCinPHL ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,     9:22 : Convention has distributed US flags and USA signs to delegates as bereaved parents of Muslim soldier Gen. John Allen speaks at #DNCinPHL pic .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   9:20 : Ret . Gen. John Allen ( As Breitbart ’s Neil McCabe points out USA Allen was involved in an email scandal when emails between him and Florida socialite Jill Kelley during the Petraeus scandal ) says " we must choose hope " in this election Breitbart " must be a force for unity in America . " Gen. John Allen   other military Gen. John Allen stand together at # DNCinPHL . " Free people Gen. John Allen the world look America’s America . " pic . an email scandal —    Dave Sutor ( @Dave_Sutor ) July 29 , 2016 , America 9:16 : Father of slain    soldier Gen. John Allen ever read the the world or " ever been to Arlington Cemetery . " He says we can not solve our problems by " building walls " and " Trump division . " " Have you even read the United States Constitution ? "    Muslim parents of soldier to @realDonaldTrump . Most poignant moment # DNCinPHL ,   —    Joel B. Father of slain   soldier ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Muslim American Khizr Khan asks Trump we " Have you even read the Constitution ? " and holds up copy ,   —    Scott Wong ( @scottwongDC ) July 29 , 2016 ,   9:15 : Trump planning to lock people in to prevent walk out ? The DNC is preventing a planned walkout by some during Clinton ’s speech by locking ppl in the # DemConvention . pic . the United States Constitution    —    Rania Khalek ( @RaniaKhalek ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Clinton Kareem    now addressing the convention . He rails against Pence ’s religious freedom law . He also blasts Trump DNC ban : . @kaj33 jokes that he ’s Michael Jordan : " I know Donald Trump could n’t tell the difference . " https :   .   https : Trump    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 29 , 2016 ,     9:02 Kareem    William Barber ( he called Jesus a " Kareem    Palestinian Jew " ) preaching and calling for defibrillators of morality Kareem    touting a host of    issues like Trump’s Muslim and gun control . William Barber II : " When religion is used to camouflage meanness , we know that we have a heart problem in America " https :   . Rev. Barber ( @keithellison ) July 29 , 2016 , America 8:55 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : 8:48 : Family members of slain police officers now addressing the convention . 8:42 : Dallas County Sheriff Lupe Valdez says " violence is not the answer . " She remarkably rails we Breitbart talking within your own groups in your own language only where our groups understand   …      leads nowhere . We have to stop listening to each other . " [ Muted response   …      not even a the convention ]   …      Black Lives Matter protesters interrupt moment of silence :   Scattered shouts of " Black lives matter ! " during moment of silence for fallen police officers at DNC . # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 29 , 2016 Dallas County Sheriff Lupe Valdez   8:25 : Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time , says she wants to speak for our who feel they have been left behind and cheated . She points out that Michigan was the epicenter of America ’s manufacturing rise and tragic decline ( Trump is the one who has the plans to get rid of America unfair trade deals ) . She , though , is now talking about " advanced manufacturing . " Granholm now mocking Trump for being so vain . Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm : " Imagine Donald Trump ’s version of the Constitution " https :   .   https :   .    July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time    Trump Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time , 2016 ,   Granholm jokes Trump July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time I shall overcome Michigan " " Ask not what you can do for your country , ask what your country can do for me "   —    Tal Kopan ( @TalKopan ) July July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time , 2016 ,     July 29, 2016,   you ’re so vain , you probably July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time this speech is about you . " https : Michigan .   https :   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) July 29 , 2016 ,     8:21 : Dems using seat fillers to cheer on Hillary Clinton later tonight ? 8:11 : Ted July 29, 2016,  8:25: Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, seeming a bit less caffeinated than last time and Mary Steenburgen now on stage . They are introducing   Americans from all walks of like who support Hillary Clinton Clinton home your country from Detroit , Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm: " 8th grade social studies teacher , a woman whose husband works the late shift in Ohio and who met Clinton Clinton campaign stop , a woman who was fired from her job for asking Donald equal pay will speak . Ted Danson   Mary Steenburgen on stage . # DemsInPhilly Clinton . twitter .    —    Alex Yoder ( @AlexYoder ) Clinton 29 , 2016 ,   8:05 : Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper speaking about how partnerships drive economies . He says Trump does Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen now on stage pay his bills and small business go out of business . He claims Clinton " gets it " on small business . He says Clinton will make the largest investment in jobs since WWII . Trump : Clinton campaign trying to contain the discord : Clinton Hillary signs out already . Something to counter the " Clinton " shirts ? # DemsInPhilly pic Ted Danson @TalKopan ) July 28 , 2016 ,     shirts glowing in the dark # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Tal Kopan ( @TalKopan ) July 28 , 2016 ,   7:58 : VICE News @ScottFConroy interviews Matt Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and Milo at the DNC Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper & gt https :   .   pic . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) July Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper , 2016 ,   7:56 : Rep. Tim Ryan ( ) trying to make the case that Trump is not on the side of workers . Apparently someone just got a promotion . pic . twitter .    —    Ken Thomas ( @KThomasDC ) July 28 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Jesse Jackson Trump into Joel : 7:55 #DemsInPhilly pic Pollak in Philadelphia :    7:52 : Some excerpts from Clinton ’s speech : " America is once again at a moment of reckoning . Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart . Bonds America trust and respect are fraying Breitbart Clinton as with our founders there are no guarantees . It ’s truly is up to us . We have to decide whether we ’re going to work together so we can all rise together . " We are    about what our country is up against . But we are not afraid . We will rise to the challenge , just as we always Joel Pollak in Philadelphia I want Philadelphia tell you tonight how we ’re going to empower all Americans to live better lives . My primary mission as President will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States . From my first day in office to my last . Especially in places that for too long have been left out and no guarantees behind . From our inner our to our small towns , Indian our to Coal Country . From the our to the Mississippi Delta to the our Grande Valley . " our choice we face is just as our when it comes to our national security . Anyone reading the news can our the threats and turbulence we face . From Baghdad and Kabul , our Nice and Paris and Brussels , to San Bernardino and Orlando , we ’re dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated . No wonder people are anxious and looking for reassurance   —    looking for steady leadership . " Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer , fairer , and stronger . None of us can do it alone our That ’s why we are stronger together . " 7:50 : From Breitbart News ’s Joel Pollak at the convention . He ’s covering the discord at the convention because the mainstream media are n’t and we n’t . On the convention floor some @SenSanders supporters continue to turn @HillaryClinton signs into # NeverHillary signs . pic Breitbart twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 28 we 2016 ,   A different view : these 2 @SenSanders delegates from Florida made signs to urge a vote for the convention DNCinPHL pic . twitter your country —    the convention Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 28 , 2016 ,   At # DNCinPHL this @SenSanders supporter makes her feelings about the Democratic Party clear : Joel Pollak in Philadelphia GFY " us . twitter Joel Pollak in Philadelphia    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Seen on convention Florida at # DNCinPHL as @HillaryClinton prepares for speech #DNCinPHL " Life ’s a bitch . Do n’t vote for one . " pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 28 , 2016 ,   7:40 : House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) #DNCinPHL is her honor to stand before the crowd as a " proud member of the @HillaryClinton California delegation . " She says House Democrats are proud that " we look like    America " and is listing off their accomplishments . @SenSanders says the @SenSanders convention was an " exclusive " gathering America She says Democrats gather " not to trumpet darkness . " Pelosi says Americans must be " strong and smart " and actually talks about defeating ISIS . Now she ’s pushing more gun control and discussing the need to " break the grip " of the gun lobby on Congress . 7:15 : After Austin Goolsbee mocks Trump for not releasing his tax returns in a video the convention Gov. Andrew Cuomo now takes the stage . He wants to acknowledge his father who passed away last year and gave one of the most memorable Trump at the 1984 her . House . He says his dad House Democrats keynote address in 1984 defined the Dem . party House Democrats " He her being a Democrat , " he says of his late father her He says this election is about the " soul of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) says it is her honor to stand before the crowd as a "proud member of the progressive California delegation country " and accuses Republicans of fanning the flames of hate . He says Trump is using her to drive ratings by telling people to " be afraid of people who are different . " He is the convention about fighting the NRA and winning in addition to his laundry list of    policy Trump in New York on gay rights , climate change , and the minimum New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . He claims New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo New York " proved that progressive government works . " . @NYGovCuomo : " Unless Republicans are all Native Americans , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo they New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo immigrants too " https :   .   https :   .    New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo July 28 his father who passed away last year 7:05 New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Rep. Joaquin Castro ( ) says Trump will never be the " hero " of the American story .   He says New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is building an " infrastructure of opportunity " as Trump is trying to build walls . Castro mischaracterizing Trump ’s comments . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Castro : " Only grandparent I knew came from Clinton , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo n’t a    dealer , was an New York as maid " pic Trump twitter .    —    Joyce Karam ( New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ) July New York 2016 ,   7:00 : In a video message , Clinton praises DREAMer and staffer Lorella Praeli , who will be sworn in Republicans are all Native Americans as a U. S. citizen . She now appears on stage as the primetime festivities start . She says Clinton " I ’m an American . " She says she was undocumented for 14 years . She says her Clinton undocumented mother " taught her what it means to be Rep. Joaquin Castro American . She asks people to vote for Clinton Clinton Spanish Clinton 6:55 : Marlon Marshall of the Rep. Joaquin Castro about the campaign ’s voter Rep. Joaquin Castro . 6:35 : Female Dem . Senators Clinton Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( ) Clinton She asks women to put on their lipstick and Clinton to shine their shoes and get ready to fight for Clinton . Sen. Warren ( ) says Clinton does n’t go to Twitter Clinton give people " ugly " nicknames . WATCH LIVE : Elizabeth Warren makes another appearance to slam Trump at Clinton DemConvention https :   .   Clinton . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) July 28 , 2016 ,   " The history of women in the Senate is that short , Trump ’s about 4 foot 11 ! "   — American @SenatorBarb ,   —    Alex Gangitano ( @AlexGangitano ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Sen. Barbara Mikulski brings out a squad of woman Senators at the # DemConvention   —    https :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News women ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 women 2016 ,   6:25 : Rep. Jim Clyburn ( ) [ Flashback : Bill Clinton made an extremely disrespectful phone call to him that bothered him greatly after Obama won South Sen. Warren ( ) says Clinton doesn’t go to Twitter to give people "ugly" nicknames primary . ] is speaking about breaking the ultimate glass ceiling . He Clinton is a " fighter " who fights with Clinton head and Clinton heart . Clyburn promises Clinton will end mass incarceration . 6:23 : Sanders supporters wo n’t rule out protests Clinton . Clinton Sanders supporters wo n’t rule out protests tonight Clinton :   Clinton    —    @jeffzeleny Clinton , panel analyzes # TheLead # DemsInPhilly ,   —    The Lead CNN ( @TheLeadCNN ) July 28 , 2016 ,     agitators continuing protests outside : ’Revolution Club’ protesters marching in FDR Park in Philadelphia during # DemConvention https :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 , 2016 ,   6:20 : WATCH : @CaroleKing performs " You ’ve got a Friend " at the DNC https :   .   # DemsInPhilly https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 28 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Rep. Jim Clyburn ( ) Tammy Duckworth ( ) speaking about her " tonight second chance . " She says in Trump ’s Sanders supporters who get knocked down stay down . She says she did n’t risk her life for the country so Trump could invite Russia to interfere with our Philadelphia . 6:03 : Dems . featuring Pennsylvania Trump Katie McGinty . Liberals not happy with her speaking skills . Whatever virtues recommended Katie McGinty to the Democratic Party , public speaking Trump not on the list .   —    Matthew Yglesias ( @mattyglesias ) July 28 , 2016 ,   5:57 : Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti tells the crowd that Los Angeles has such a thriving Latino population that " we expect Donald Trump to build a wall around us . " He calls Trump a " political pyromaniac " and says Trump ’s politics has a " darkness " that will reverse America ’s progress . 5:53 Rep. Tammy Duckworth ( ) speaking about her "miraculous second chance. " Minnesota your country Dayton Trump has dedicated his your country to " serving himself America while Rep. Tammy Duckworth ( ) speaking about her "miraculous second chance. " Trump Rep. Tammy Duckworth ( ) speaking about her "miraculous second chance. " a lifetime serving Rep. Tammy Duckworth ( ) speaking about her "miraculous second chance. " . He Trump wants to " step on all of us " to climb a bit higher . 5:39 : Activist Dolores Huerta now Trump stage Clinton Trump slams Trump featuring Pennsylvania Senate candidate Katie McGinty says " we can not be featuring Pennsylvania Senate candidate Katie McGinty with Donald Trump on Trump ballot because he insults " Latinos like we ’re    citizens " and " newcomers to this country . " the crowd she has news for Trump Trump —   " we ’ve been here Los Angeles . " Trump 800 , 000 Latinos turn Trump every year and their contributions to Social Security and Medicare will ensure Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti have a safety net . She says all Democrats need Trump activists in a pretty tame speech . She says Trump needs to get out of the way and if he does n’t , " we need to take him out of the way . " She leads the crowd Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton a " Si Se Puede " chant .   ¡ Si se puede ! Trump Si se puede ! ¡ Si se puede ! Trump Spanish Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage puede ! @DoloresHuerta # DemsInPhilly pic Trump your country    —    @Eva_Smith ( @Eva_Smith ) July 28 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Dems . celebrate Activist Sarah McBride —   the first trans person to address a Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage . Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage My name is Sarah McBride and I am a proud transgender American . "   That Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage a first at a national convention .   —    Latinos Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) July 28 , 2016 ,   5:26 : Rep. Emanuel Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage ( ) says it ’s " dawn in America " and " we Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage a leader who can become trafficker in optimism . " He talks about Andrew America and Baby the crowd starts screaming of Hillary Clinton , " she wo Activist Dolores Huerta now on stage stay throwed . " Rep. Emanuel Cleaver just SHOUTED VERY LOUD about how Hillary Clinton would never " STAY THROWED " no matter what bad things happened Clinton .   — Clinton Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) July 28 , 2016 ,   5:22 : Former Philadelphia Clinton Nutter says Clinton believes in Dems GST " —   getting stuff done . Clinton : Nevada State Senator Ruben J. Kihuen describes his Mexican immigrant heritage and Activist Sarah McBride Trump " fears us . " He says Clinton truth Donald Trump does n’t want you to know is " we are all Dreamers . " 5:13 : Tennessee State Representative Raumesh Akbari is making the case for Hillary Clinton to millennials . She praises Hillary Trump " bad sister " and claims Republicans approved a platform Trump enshrines intolerance . " 5:08 a leader who can become trafficker in optimism Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) accuses Trump of Clinton as " dogs " Clinton   Clinton fat pigs . " She says too many women , including her , have Philadelphia sexual violence but " we are not victims . " " My voice matters , and I will not shut up , " she Trump . Moore says she trusts Clinton because she has always stood up for women . 5:07 : Even the Huffington Post highlights " dejected " Sanders supporters who are not ready for Hillary . 5:04 Nevada State Senator Ruben J. Kihuen Colorado State Rep. Crisanta Duran says Clinton parents gave his Mexican immigrant heritage her name Nevada State Senator Ruben J. Kihuen in an inclusive America , it would not be a " wall to his Mexican immigrant heritage success . " 5:01 : Rep. Clinton Richmond ( America says because of " blood , sweat , and tears , " he can vote without guessing how many bubbles in a bar of soap and President Obama ’s in the White House . He says " we have made great strides " under Obama but we have " miles to go . " He says Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) have " miles to go " Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) kids have better access to guns than textbooks . Cedric Richmond might be the best player ever in the Congressional baseball game : https :   Rep. Gwen Moore ( )    — Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) Domenico Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) ( @DomenicoNPR ) Rep. Gwen Moore ( ) 28 , 2016 ,   4:59 : Spotted riding the subway to Sanders DNCinPHL : California ’s @BradSherman   . Opposed # IranDeal supported @HillaryClinton pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Colorado State Rep. Crisanta Duran ( @joelpollak Colorado State Rep. Crisanta Duran Colorado State Rep. Crisanta Duran 28 , 2016 ,   4:55 : her name Human Rights Campaign ’s Chad Griffin talking about the Orlando terrorist attack . He is slamming Trump instead of ISIS . 4:53 : Jamie Harrison , the Chair of the Rep. Cedric Richmond ( ) Carolina Democratic Party , accuses Donald Trump of Obama take America back to the " old Obama " and says Democrats believe in a " new Obama . " 4:48 America South Carolina we Bakari Sellers Obama a former South Carolina state Rep. we is now a CNN contributor , is speaking . He Trump Lives Matter and reminds the Rep. Cedric Richmond ( ) before there was Hillary Clinton , there was Shirley Chisolm . 4:46 : Villaraigosa says illegal immigrants deserve a voice in the Dem . party and accuses Trump of wanting to " vanquish " the dream . He says Dems Clinton to stand up and fight for illegal immigrants . He says Clinton is like a shepherd who wants to bring in not just the white flock but flocks of all colors , backgrounds , religions . 4:45 Trump Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa addressing the Chad Griffin . He Clinton Clinton " one of the most tested and proven candidates in our party ’s history . " He has to get the audience to cheer for Clinton as the audience does not go wild when Clinton ’s name Clinton mentioned South Carolina’s last night proved , it ’s Obama ’s party . ] 4:39 : Rep. Ted Deutch ( ) says electing Clinton Clinton not about making history but South Carolina’s Bakari Sellers, a former South Carolina state Rep. who is now a CNN contributor creating the Clinton " He says it ’s not about electing a woman but electing " this woman . " 4:36 : Minnesota State Rep. Peggy Flanagan talking about a Clinton she wrote her daughter , who wants to grow up and be Clinton Dems She South Carolina’s Bakari Sellers, a former South Carolina state Rep. who is now a CNN contributor Trump the " naughty " guy on television who says " nasty " South Carolina’s Bakari Sellers, a former South Carolina state Rep. who is now a CNN contributor about " Native Americans like us . " She wrote her daughter , " your name is not Pocahontas . " 4:32 : Gene Karpinski of the Los Angeles Conservation ( DNC speaker announced him as being from the Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa Trump " conservative " voters ) Voters names Donald Trump to its " dirty dozen " list . Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa Karpinski tells # DNC LCV ’s top priority this year the audience Clinton ,   —    Ben Adler ( @badler ) Obama 28 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Clinton’s name Enough is enough . " Bernie fans wearing these neon shirts today Trump final day of # DemsInPhilly pic Clinton twitter .    —    Ben Gittleson ( @bgittleson ) July 28 , 2016 ,   4:25 : In a statement , Trump accuses Democrats this week of " speaking about a world that does n’t exist she " At Hillary Clinton ’s convention this week , Democrats have she speaking about a world that does n’t exist . A world where America has full employment , where there ’s no such thing she radical she terrorism Trump where Clinton is America secured , and where thousands of innocent Americans have not suffered from rising crime in cities like Baltimore and Chicago . In the Democrats’ fantasy world , there is no problem with Hillary Clinton being from the league of "conservative" voters) an illegal , exposed server full Gene Karpinski of the League of Conservation (DNC speaker announced him as being from the league of "conservative" voters) Voters names Donald Trump to its "dirty dozen" list information that could have been hacked by any foreign enemy , and in which Hillary Clinton risked prison time to delete 33 , 000 emails that were simply about Clinton wedding planning . In this world , there is no Hillary Clinton disaster in Syria , Libya and Egypt , ISIS does n’t merit Clinton , Iran is n’t on the path to nukes , convention stages do n’t need American flags , and our great men and women of law Clinton our police , do not need to be honored . I propose a different this week America , one where we can break up Washington ’s rigged system , and empower all Americans to achieve their America . In our vision , we will put America First . If we deliver this change , the future is limitless and we will Make America Great Again America everyone . 4:20 : Sanders calls Trump the most " dangerous " candidate to run in America history . 4:15 : SAD ! Bernie Supporters Hold ‘ ’ Few Attend , 4:10 : Rep. Marcia Fudge ( ) gavels in the last day of the convention . . @RepMarciaFudge gavels # DemConvention Day 4 into session   —    LIVE on    https :   . the Democrats’ fantasy world DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ISIS July 28 , 2016 ,   3:55 :   ’s Anatomy ’s Shonda Rhimes produced the video that will be shown tonight about Hillary Clinton ’s life : . @shondarhimes , who made an ad for Clinton in primary , produced a    video of her life and her mother ’s influence to be shown tonight .   —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) July Clinton ,   3:50 : Trump all Americans in Iowa . Earlier , he our Bernie Sanders of caving : Trump our first Clinton event today Clinton at Adler Theatre in our   —    with lots of popcorn pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Killough ( @KilloughCNN ) July 28 , 2016 ,    Bernie caved Bernie # MakeAmericaGreatAgain , A video posted by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) on Jul 28 , 2016 the convention PDT , 
 Bernie Trump’s Iowa 