" Homeland , " a series always conscious of current events , tries for some enforced topicality in its sixth season , which begins on Sunday on Showtime . Moving out of the fall for the first time , Showtime has a story line pegged to its Showtime winter slot and to the recent election : The season is set during a presidential transition , with a    whose relationship to intelligence agencies is dicey . Not even the most prescient of shows can see the future perfectly , though . The fictional incipient president is a woman ( played by Elizabeth Marvel ) and her a woman (played by Elizabeth Marvel) appear to be dovish : She a woman (played by Elizabeth Marvel) the idea of the United States’ pulling all its the United States’ out of the Middle East . Those details put quite a distance between " Homeland " and the reality of the real    Donald J. Trump . But it ’s not gender or    views that make the show feel out of tune with the times . It the show the courtesy the characters exhibit as they the characters and negotiate , their the characters respect for the traditional processes of government . Life , at the moment , is scarier than fiction , and compared with the wholesale disintegration of civility taking place in Washington , " Homeland " looks quaint . It ’s as if it It happening in another century . And that ’s not a bad thing . There ’s something comforting about the normalcy of plot and counterplot , action and intrigue . Those have always been the series ’s strong points , not ideas , and it may be easier to focus on them Those worrying about how closely the story is mimicking events . This peripatetic show is set for the first time in New York , where the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison ( Claire Danes ) is working for an outpost of the German foundation that employed her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) Season 5 . Otto Düring ( Sebastian Koch ) her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) and ( as far as we know ) unrequited admirer , asks why she the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) wasting her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) doing    work , helping Muslim Americans negotiate the legal system . The answer is that it ’s where she the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) keep an eye on her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) mate , Quinn ( Rupert Friend ) who ’s living in a veterans’ hospital after being    last season . The show ’s usual roles have been reversed : Quinn Quinn a    mess , and Carrie , who appears to be safely on her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) , is the caretaker . By the end of the season premiere , Quinn Quinn moved into her the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) .    episodes of " Homeland " tend to be a bit labored , as the elaborate machinery of the plot is put into place , and having only two episodes to review ( presumably a defense against spoilers ) makes it impossible to tell how       the elaborate machinery of the plot be . Sunday ’s premiere introduces two plot strands that we know will eventually , somehow , converge : A young Muslim video blogger ( J. Mallory McCree ) is arrested on what seem to be shaky grounds , and Dar ( F. Murray Abraham ) worries about a C. I. A. mission that needs to be completed quickly . Who ’s the mole ? When will Saul ( Mandy Patinkin ) stop doubting Carrie ? In " Homeland " ( as in " 24 , " also from the executive producer Howard Gordon ) we look forward to the questions almost as much as to the answers . In the meantime , there ’s more than enough pleasure to be had from the cast to keep us interested . Mr. Abraham and Mr. Patinkin , as his    C. I. A. colleague Saul , have perfected their partnership Mr. Abraham and Mr. Patinkin Their scenes Mr. Abraham and Mr. Patinkin are little masterpieces of gamesmanship and exasperation . Mr. Friend ’s performance of    addiction may not convince every viewer , but it is , counterintuitively , fun to watch   —    he brings Mr. Friend same edge of sardonic humor to Quinn the junkie that he brought Mr. Friend Quinn the Quinn machine in past seasons . And Ms. Danes continues to deliver an interesting and sympathetic portrayal of a character whose trademark is her lack Ms. Danes humor . That ’s a far more impressive trick than telling the future . 
 