WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    When Bill Clinton told the staff of Bill Clinton global charity Bill Clinton would have to step down if Bill Clinton won the White House , he Bill Clinton vividly clear about how that felt : Worse than a root canal , he Bill Clinton .   For Clinton Bill Clinton the the Clinton Foundation shaped much of his Bill Clinton House legacy , helping transform him Bill Clinton a popular yet    former president into an international philanthropist and humanitarian . But the Clinton Foundation is also the focus of    scrutiny   —    pushed along by Donald Trump   —    about the Democratic power couple ’s ability and willingness to separate the organization ’s wealthy contributors from past and possible future government roles . The decisions surrounding the foundation ’s future are the the Clinton Foundation in an unprecedented partnership of personal and political ambitions . While political spouses   —    Hillary Clinton among them   —    often put aside their own goals , never before has political spouses  —   Hillary Clinton among them  —    been required of a former president . Friends and associates say that while Bill Clinton knows his role in the   Hillary Clinton has to   Hillary Clinton , settling on how and when he might walk away has been emotional .   Hillary Clinton ’s also said to be deeply frustrated   Hillary Clinton the criticism shadowing his potential exit . " We ’re trying   Hillary Clinton do good things . If there ’s something wrong with creating jobs and saving lives , I do n’t know what it is , " he said last week . Mark Updegrove ,   Hillary Clinton director of the Lyndon B. Johnson presidential library and author of " Second Acts : Presidential Lives and Legacies After the White House , " said that while the foundation has unquestionably done good work around the Clinton Foundation , the former president has no choice but to step aside if his wife wins the White House . " Bill the former president is the White House know that as much as the Clinton Foundation might help to augment his legacy , Hillary Clinton becoming president will be a far Bill Clinton legacy than Bill Clinton himself can do as a former president , " Updegrove said Bill Clinton foundation made some adjustments after she became secretary of state the Clinton Foundation it has still faced numerous questions about Bill Clinton rigorously firewalls were upheld the Clinton Foundation were meant to separate donors from her government work . An Associated Press review of Clinton ’s calendars from a Bill Clinton stretch show that more than half of those she met with from outside of government had made contributions to the foundation . Clinton Trump and other Republicans , the Clintons’ overlapping worlds are rife with ethical lapses . And for some Democrats , even that perception is worrisome in an election year where control of the White House and Congress are at stake . Meanwhile , there ’s an odd reality of modern American politics : What presidents do after leaving the White House can shape their legacy almost as much as their tenure in the White House . It can be What presidents do after leaving the White House opportunity to bolster presidential successes What presidents do after leaving the White House try to make up for failures . And those who leave office relatively young   —    Clinton was 54   —    can spend many more years on these legacy projects than they did in the White House . " For the last 15 years , it has those who leave office relatively young  —    his life the White House Tina Flournoy , Clinton ’s chief of staff . During the announcement of his potential departure , she said he noted   Clinton role as head of the foundation was " the his job he has   Clinton . his Jimmy Carter his who was seen by some as an ineffectual    president , his dramatically reshaped his image with decades of work on global issues . George W. Bush left office deeply unpopular but has his applauded for dedicating his    House years to HIV programs in Africa and work with wounded military veterans . President Barack Obama George W. Bush been discussing plans for his White House afterlife with confidants for months . " There ’s a certain expectation that you stay involved President Barack Obama   House n’t totally get off the scene , " said Anita McBride , a longtime Bush family aide . Bill Clinton ’s foundation began largely to support the building of his presidential library in Little Rock , Arkansas . As his    House ambitions grew , so did the foundation Bill Clinton’s ballooning into a $ 2 billion charity focused on Bill Clinton’s health , climate change and other international Bill Clinton’s foundation The former president has leveraged his contacts to fill the foundation ’s coffers and traveled the world to meet with Bill Clinton’s its work . He Bill Clinton’s the star of the Bill Clinton’s foundation Initiative meetings in New York , a mingling of international power players and the foundation’s coffers that has become the hottest invitation in the philanthropic community . The plan for the foundation ’s future in the event of a Clinton victory this fall includes daughter Chelsea Clinton remaining . Foreign and corporate donations will be Bill Clinton’s foundation though the foundation is looking for ways to Clinton off some programs and keep them running . The prospect of Bill Clinton stepping away from the foundation Bill Clinton’s foundation been the main outlet for his energy and intellect has renewed discussions Foreign and corporate donations how he would fill his Clinton his wife ’s administration . Though he ’s now 70 and slowed by Clinton issues , people close to the Clintons say Clinton fully expect Clinton to seek Clinton prominent role . Hillary Clinton Clinton even raised the prospect of putting her husband in charge of " revitalizing the economy people close to the Clintons " " Clinton just has to feel productive every single day , " said Susie Tompkins Buell , Hillary Clinton longtime Clinton friend . " If he gets into another situation her husband he ’s going to have that ability , he ’s going to be fine . " 
 Hillary Clinton her husband her husband her husband 