Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Marco Rubio went on a tweetstorm Tuesday afternoon after Sen. Marco Rubio greeting with Ivanka Trump on Capitol Hill earlier that day went viral . A picture of the two apparently attempting an embrace surfaced on social media soon after the pair met at the Capitol to discuss tax reform and parental leave . Hours after the photo began to make the rounds on Twitter , Rubio responded from Rubio account , saying Rubio had just learned of the photo and would open his Rubio investigation to expose what really happened during his Rubio with Trump . Two minutes later , Rubio Rubio again , saying he Rubio his Rubio evidence to add to the discussion . He Rubio added that he Rubio his Rubio were attempting to obtain video footage of the encounter to expose what really happened between himself Rubio the White House adviser and first daughter . A call for help came next , when Rubio Rubio those who happened to be filming at the Senate carriage entrance Tuesday between 11:20 a. m. and 11:25 a. m. to hand over their those who happened to be filming at the Senate carriage entrance Tuesday between 11:20 a. m. and 11:25 a. m. to hand over their footage . Thirty minutes after Rubio Rubio the investigation , he Rubio out a photograph that shed new light on the supposed hug . Just over a half hour after that first photo , Rubio Rubio another image providing a different perspective , announcing it as " BREAKING NEWS . " In a seventh tweet , Rubio Rubio the case by saying the evidence , and his Rubio memory , concludes that no hug was attempted , although the images seem to show something different .   He Rubio out by calling the " press covfefe " false , a nod to the now famous misfire from President Donald Trump ’s Twitter account . Soon after Rubio Rubio the the case Ivanka responded to the " anonymous sources " by giving no comment . She also Ivanka Rubio Rubio tweet with the photo of the blurred faces , calling it " Rubio’s tweet news ! " and ensuring that her followers Ivanka that Rubio Rubio , in fact , a good hugger , despite Rubio Rubio of the hugs . However , the two subjects of the investigation gave conflicting accounts of what exactly occurred . While Rubio claims Rubio hug did not take place , Trump ’s tweets signify that a hug did indeed happen between the two .   While we may never know the truth , Rubio did Rubio off his solid Rubio chops . Maybe the senator Rubio future in journalism ? 
 