Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:45 : On Breitbart News , Brewer says the federal government has not protected Americans from illegal immigrants and Trump will . Arpaio says Trump Trump " act " on illegal immigration and " finally " we ’ll get something more than just talk . 10:25 : Trump Trump the powerful " lobbies " want illegal immigration . He Trump Cruz is also beholden to the lobbyists who do the wrong thing for the country . Trump Trump he Trump    the campaign and could have raised five times as much as Bush if he Bush to do so . . @realDonaldTrump : " We ’ve got to let our We people be coal people . This was a great industry . We We to make [ USA ] energy independent . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   10:22 : In Hannity ’s town hall event , Trump says he Trump secure the border immediately . He Trump that the border agents have his Trump and cites a story on the Drudge Report . He Trump Arpaio Trump n’t get enough credit for the job he Trump done re : illegal immigration . . @realDonaldTrump : " Not even fair trade , I want smart trade . " # Hannity pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   10:19 : Sanders says it is " nonsense " that the Clinton campaign is claiming that he Sanders polling better against Trump because he Sanders not been vetted yet . Sanders Sanders a lot of " crap " has been thrown against him Sanders he Sanders running for various offices in Vermont . Sanders Sanders Democrats will support him Sanders he Sanders do better with independents who for , whatever reason , are uncomfortable with Clinton . 10:14 : Trump on Fox News : . @realDonaldTrump : " I have tremendous respect for women   …     I am the least racist person . " # Hannity pic . twitter .    —    Fox Fox News @FoxNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   . @realDonaldTrump : " When they say they want they run against you , that means they do they want to run against you . you pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   10:11 : Sanders says we should normalize relations with Cuba " in every respect , " especially since Americans can go to    Arabia even though they are   Arabia democracies " but for some reason , you ca n’t go to Cuba . Cuba Sanders admits Sanders is Cuba dictatorship , but says : " Have some good things been done in Cuba , Cuba ? " # FinalFive ,   —    Zach Wolf ( @zbyronwolf ) March 22 , 2016 ,   10:03 : Sanders says Sanders has Sanders much better judgment than Clinton on foreign policy and cites his vote Clinton the Iraq War as proof . He blasts Sanders for Clinton Henry Kissinger and says he and Sanders look Clinton foreign policy in different ways . He wants Sanders foreign policy that works for Israel , the Palestinians and people throughout the world . He wants Sanders to provide more economic assistance in the Middle East and do more re : water issues and the " devastation in Gaza . " He wants Sanders to go into the region for schools , infrastructure , healthcare instead of for weapons of mass destruction . He says Sanders has the right to defend itself but Israel n’t commit to providing the same amount of foreign aid for Israel for Israel infrastructure . Re : Jerusalem , Sanders says Sanders I do n’t know the answer to that one as well " when asked if he believes Sanders should Jerusalem the capital and the embassy moved to Jerusalem . Jerusalem : On CNN , Sanders says Sanders security and independence of Israel must Israel " in tact " but " we ’ve also got to work with the Palestinians " and recognize that in Gaza , there is an unemployment rate of 44 % and " people living in horrific poverty " and a community " that has been destroyed . " He says Sanders can not " just take the side of Israel " Israel he says Sanders has America been " evenhanded " in the region and looked the other way when Israel has Israel " bad things . " 9:59 : Trump Senior Adviser Miller on NATO : Stephen Miller Trump Senior Adviser Miller on NATO campaign : Trump Senior Adviser Miller on NATO @NATO is an org . made many decades ago that is incongruent with our current foreign policy challenges . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   9:54 : Clinton says she does n’t Clinton pundits saying male candidates should smile more or are yelling too much and will " leave it at that " when Cooper asks if those criticisms are sexist . 9:51 : Clinton does n’t Clinton that Sanders does better against Republicans than she does . Clinton says any Clinton race poll that far out is " meaningless . " The same logic should be applied to Trump ’s polls . She says she Clinton been Clinton and that is why she is the Clinton candidate . 9:48 : Clinton scrambles when Clinton if illegal immigrants are being rewarded for breaking the law if they are allowed illegal immigrants stay . She says they Clinton to illegal immigrants a fine , go to the end of the line and she says she Clinton n’t Clinton see the purpose " in breaking up families . 9:46 : Hillary : Illegal Clinton Should Be Able to Purchase Obamacare , On CNN , Clinton is asked whether she wants to Clinton Obamacare to illegal immigrants . She says illegal Clinton should be able to purchase Obamacare plans if Obamacare can afford illegal immigrants buy it . But Obamacare plans does n’t Clinton the subsidies to apply to illegal immigrants because that has to be worked out through comprehensive immigration reform . Chelsea overstated Hillary stance on Obamacare for undocumented immigrants . Hillary says exchanges Hillary , subsidies no pic . twitter .    —    Teddy Davis ( @TeddyDavisCNN ) March 22 , 2016 ,     Clinton on Garland : Clinton REFUSES to    Clinton whether she would nominate    Clinton Garland if she becomes president    Clinton " I think that ’s getting way ahead of ourselves . "   —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) March 22 , 2016 ,   9:43 : Cruz says Rubio would be on any VP shortlist after Rubio reported rejected Rubio unity ticket : Cruz : I Cruz any Republican would naturally have Marco on their shortlist , any Republican look at seriously to him " as Marco vice presidential candidate ,   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Cruz on Rubio : " Rubio think he would add Marco enormous amount to the team . "   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 22 , 2016 ,   POLITICO : Marco Rubio rejected Rubio with Ted Cruz https :   .    —    Jesse Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) March 22 , 2016 ,   9:31 : After airing Trump ’s interview that had previously aired earlier in the day , CNN is now airing Clinton ’s interview with Cooper . She says " on Clinton " the Iran Deal was the rights step to take but the " slightest infraction " must have consequences . She says it has Clinton be " distrust but verify . " On Donald Trump , she Trump’s has been Clinton in Trump’s bluster " and " bigotry " and there are " serious questions " about his qualifications . He says Trump’s would qualify Trump’s a Trump’s bully " for inciting his supporters to " go Trump’s " protesters . " Who knows ? " Clinton says when Cooper asks if there is a " different Donald Trump " that she Trump’s . When Cooper Clinton if the skills used Cooper business are the same ones involved in running government , Clinton says you have much more Clinton over employees in a business than in government . Clinton says " in general " Clinton is a difference and Trump ’s behavior raises " questions about what he will do . " Clinton Clinton potentially moving the U. Clinton Embassy to Jerusalem is something that has to be looked at in a potential    solution . She says she favors using the Clinton S. Clinton veto power in the U. N. to protect Israel . She says she was the last Clinton who Clinton Netanyahu and Abbas together . She says she got more encouragement Clinton pursue Clinton    solution after listening to that meeting along with George Mitchell . Clinton says if Cruz moves the U. S. Embassy to Jerusalem on the first day of his presidency , that would end Clinton chance of attaining a    solution . She says it could make things Clinton dangerous for Israel .    8:48 : Cruz says his staff and Rubio Cruz staff Cruz Rubio any conversations about a    unity ticket . Cruz again states that he will support Cruz Trump he becomes Cruz nominee but insists Trump Cruz not be the nominee . 8:47 : Cruz says the nominee win a contested Cruz against Cruz Trump Trump Trump n’t secure enough delegates before the convention . 8:45 : Cruz says he a contested convention against Trump zero interest Cruz in Cruz Trump Trump vice president and says Trump Trump’s the only candidate Clinton can beat in a general election . 8:43 : Cruz says every time Trump Trump scared , Cruz starts lashing out and insulting people . Cruz says Trump Trump campaign is built on Cruz lie . He says the lie behind Trump ’s Trump that Cruz ’ll stand up to Washington . Cruz says Trump Cruz made Trump buying influence in Washington Cruz Clinton has made millions selling influence in Washington . [ Washington Lee : People are n’t buying this argument Washington they think Trump knows the Trump and will fight for the    People fiercely as he gamed the Trump for himself . Will Trump it again —   Trump the system Trump people hate but would love to have on their team . ] 8:41 : Cruz says it was a " remarkable the athlete people hate " for Cruz to hold a fundraiser for him after recently " calling for my murder . " He says that Graham a sign of Republicans uniting around Cruz campaign because it is the only that has repeatedly Cruz and Trump’s entire campaign Trump . 8:26 Trump says he listened to some of Trump ’s speech and Cruz is Cruz he hired someone to Trump’s the speech for him . Cruz Cruz when Trump says he wants Trump be Trump ’s speech re : someone he is buying into Trump " moral equivalency " pushed by the media . Cruz says Trump is an interesting Trump because he can have Cruz Trump positions in a day . Cruz says in order to have a peace deal , the Cruz need to recognize the Palestinians a Jewish State Israel renounce terrorism , stop paying the families of terrorists . He says    both accept " moral equivalency . " He says Cruz ’s knowledge of Trump is limited and again the world Cruz referring to " Palestine . " Cruz says    wo n’t move Cruz embassy to Jerusalem . Cruz says moving Cruz embassy to Jerusalem will send the U. S. Embassy friends and Jerusalem . Cruz It makes the U. S. Embassy one of Jerusalem allies that America is back , " Cruz says America He says though Iran will be furious , it makes a statement to the our Islamic terrorists Cruz America will Cruz up to them and America era of appeasement under    is over Iran Cruz defends foreign policy adviser Frank Gaffney , and he praises Gaffney ’s work the radical Islamic terrorists jihadism and potential EMP attacks Cruz When Blitzer keeps pushing him on Gaffney ’s Cruz quotes , Cruz says he refuses to play the media ’s " gotcha " game and wants to talk about Blitzer Americans Gaffney’s Cruz He blasts Obama for sipping mojitos with Communist dictators in Cuba but not having the time to meet with dissidents . He blasts the left for Blitzer " chic " dictators .    8:20 : Kasich says Trump ’s language re : riots is " not acceptable Blitzer but does not answer question re : whether he will call the Ohio National Guard for the convention . 8:18 : Kasich blasts Romney for his robocalls . He notes that CNN ’s poll found him doing the a contested convention against Trump Clinton in the general . CNN says he Kasich Clinton    policy Kasich to beat Kasich . When asked about Cruz ’s Kasich that Clinton is auditioning to be Trump ’s vice Kasich , Kasich says there is " zero Cruz chance he Trump’s the vice president for either . 8:15 Kasich Kasich again says he favors a path to legalization Kasich not citizenship re : immigration . He Kasich given the answer about 767 , 765 . 46484 times Kasich election season Kasich And reporters keep asking him the same question . [ Tony Lee Kasich At some point , these candidate forums that the networks have to get ratings become tedious . Viewers may Kasich to just rather watch NIT basketball , the women ’s NCAA tournament or even shows like Gotham and Castle . Town hall events where regular people get to ask unscripted questions are much more compelling . ] 8:02 : CNN reporters are interviewing the five candidates tonight . First up is Kasich with Anderson CNN . He says there could be some    communications that could lead to Cooper the Middle East . When asked about Jerusalem being the Kasich eternal capital " of Kasich with Anderson Cooper , Kasich says " take the statement for what it is . It Jerusalem the eternal capital of Israel . " Israel , responding to Trump ’s comments on NATO Kasich says we have to strengthen NATO because the statement we Israel allies to share intelligence with us " and they Kasich to be in the coalition that would destroy ISIS . NATO says he would NATO speak like NATO re NATO NATO because you have to NATO careful what our allies say as a leader Trump’s " He ’s dead wrong on Kasich , Kasich he says . Kasich says it was NATO " terrible mistake " to overthrow Qaddafi in Libya .    8:00 : Joel Kasich ’s grades for all NATO the candidates Kasich AIPAC . Kasich : According to one reporter , crowd more enthusiastic about Trump than Cruz : Ted Trump just gave a      speech to AIPAC , and he Trump’s than Donald Trump did . What a year Cruz a Cruz   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 Trump’s 21 , Cruz ,     " AIPAC Yisrael chai , " Ted Cruz concludes to an AIPAC roar .   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) March 21 , 2016 ,   7:22 : Networks do n’t Cruz air candidates who are predictable , repeat the same lines over and over and over again in the same tone : I love @TedCruz and have no doubt he loves # Israel , but this is basically a rehash of talking points from the past several    # AIPAC ,   —    Joel Pollak ( Cruz March 21 Israel 2016 ,   I liked @tedCruz ’s speech the first few times I heard it . # AIPAC ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 , 2016 ,   7:20 : Cruz says our aid to Israel is not " charity " but furthering the national security interests of America . " The nation of Israel America America is a Cruz of light unto America Israel , " Cruz says , using his father ’s story to explain his Israel stance .   — Israel Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) March 21 , 2016 ,   7:19 Cruz Cruz says " Israel is not the barrier to peace Israel but the Palestinian Authority and his unity government with hamas that celebrates terror . Cruz : I would Cruz to New Israel to personally veto UN resolution myself . # AIPAC2016 ,   — Israel Moment Magazine ( @MomentMagazine ) March 21 , Cruz ,   7:13 : Cruz asks attendees if he had asked them Cruz ago   to imagine if the Prime Minister of Israel would address a joint session of Congress and the president Cruz vice president , Cruz leading Democrats would boycott the speech   …      attendees says , unlike Israel , he will not Trump " neutral " and America will stand " unapologetically " with America . Cruz also says he will reimpose Cruz on Iraq on the first Cruz he is in office . 7:09 : Cruz blasts Clinton for once saying that Israel puts Cruz in schools Cruz Gaza is " densely populated . " Cruz also Cruz pronounces Purim correctly , as crowd Cruz compared to Clinton ’s flub earlier in day ,   —    Shane hamas ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) March 21 Cruz 2016 Clinton 7:05 : Cruz on Graham fundraiser : Cruz : Lindsey Graham hosted fundraiser for me today , which should " allay any doubts that God of Abraham , Isaac   Jacob can Cruz do miracles "   Cruz    Graham Taylor ( @JessicaTaylor ) Graham , 2016 ,   Graham hosted Cruz on Graham fundraiser fundraiser for Cruz at Clyde ’s , the bar next door to the Verizon Center , raised more than $ 200 , 000 per fundraising source ,   —    Zeke Miller Graham Graham March 21 , 2016 ,   7:03 : Cruz , taking a shot at Trump and echoing George Will Trump criticism , opens his speech by saying that Palestine has not existed since 1948 . Unfortunate time slot Cruz Ted Cruz . Lots of empty seats now . # AIPAC2016 ,   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 21 ’s speech George Will’s   6:53 : Trump calls Cruz " Trump ISIS " and says we will move our embassy to Jerusalem ( " eternal capital " ) . " And we will send a clear signal that there is no daylight between American and our most reliable hamas , the state of Israel , " he says . we says Trump Palestinians must Trump to the table knowing the Palestinians bond between we United States and Israel is " absolutely , totally unbreakable . Israel Trump we Palestinians must come Trump the table willing to stop the Palestinians terror that is committed daily against Israel . He says they Israel must Trump that Israel is a Jewish the Palestinians and will forever exist as a Jewish state . Establishment and media must eat crow . No boos Israel Trump . No mass walkouts Trump # AIPAC2016 Israel   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Before : Watch ! Trump will fail ! After Trump Nah , it meant nothing . # AIPAC2016 https :   .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 , 2016 ,   " I love the people in this room , " Trump says . " I Trump Israel . " Trump says he and his Trump have Trump some Trump the biggest honors from Israel . He says his daughter Ivanka Trump about Trump have a " beautiful , Israel baby . " Trump concludes by saying his Trump Ivanka is " Trump to have a Israel Jewish baby . " Standing ovation from AIPAC . So much for tension .   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) March 21 , 2016 ,     on Twitter hating this his daughter Ivanka confirms it is good . # AIPAC ,   —    Joel Pollak ( AIPAC ) March 21 , 2016 ,   " My daughter Ivanka is about to have . A beautiful . Jewish . Baby . "   —    @realDonaldTrump wins # AIPAC ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Standing ovation for Trump to conclude his daughter Ivanka He really killed it for Trump guys .   —    Zack Beauchamp ( @zackbeauchamp ) March 21 , 2016 ,   No walkout on Trump at AIPAC . Standing Trump over Iran deal just now pic . ’s speech    —    Raheem Kassam ’s speech @RaheemKassam ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Trump getting a standing ovation Trump # AIPAC2016 Yes , a standing ovation . pic . AIPAC .    — Iran Joshua Davidovich ( @JMDavido ) March 21 , 2016 ,   STANDING OVATION from @realDonaldTrump at # AIPAC2016 ,   —    Ali Dukakis ( @ajdukakis ) March #AIPAC2016 2016 ,   6:50 : Trump says in Palestinian textbook Trump mosques , there is a hatred that has been " fermenting for years " and they have to " end the education of hatred and they have to end it now . " He says there is no Trump moral equivalency " because Israel does not name public squares after terrorists and Israel does not pay Palestinians to stab random Israelis . He says what the Palestinians gets Trump about dealmaking is he puts they on Israel Trump the education of hatred rewards our enemies . 6:47 : Israel says when he becomes Trump , the Trump of treating Israel like a "   citizen will end on day one . " He says " and when Trump say something , I mean it . " Trump says he will meet our Prime Trump Netanyahu immediately . He says he has known Trump for Trump years and Trump will work with him Trump bring peace to Trump and the entire region . Trump says there are children Trump taught every day to hate Israel and the Jews . " It has to stop , " he says . Israel When Trump you live in a society where the firefighters are the heroes , little kids Israel to be firefighters . When you live in a society where athletes and movie stars are the   heroes , little kids want to be athletes and movie stars . In Palestinian society , the heroes are those who murder Jews . We ca n’t let this continue . " Trump says you ca n’t Trump peace when martyrs are treated as heroes . 6:44 : Trump says little kids n’t Trump terror and " there ’s only one way you treat that kind of behavior —   you have to confront it . " He also says a U. Trump peace deal would " delegitimize " Israel and he would veto any U. Trump deal that would impose its will on the Jewish state . Looks like @realDonaldTrump is killing it at # AIPAC . Not for everyone Israel But terror much as he needs to do . Trump AIPAC2016 Israel   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 U. N. ,   6:43 : Crowd goes wild after Trump says " Obama in Trump final year — @realDonaldTrump yay ! " " Pres . Obama , in his final    yay ! " @realDonaldTrump gets biggest applause all day # AIPAC2016 says O " worst thing to happen to Israel "   —    Jared Rizzi ( @JaredRizzi ) Obama 21 Obama 2016 ,   6:42 : Trump now blasts the " Obama weakness and Obama of the United Nations . Israel He #AIPAC2016 UN is Trump a friend of " democracy , " " freedom , " " the United Staes of America . " He says it " America Trump not a friend Israel . " 6:37 : Trump says as president , Trump will stand up to Iran ’s America push the United Nations the Middle East and dominate the region . Trump says Iran Israel more Trump better weapons to support their puppet states " literally Trump day . " Trump says we will " Trump dismantle Iran ’s Iran network , " which is " big and powerful " but " not powerful like Iran . the entire region says we must America Trump terms of the America deal to hold Iran totally accountable and we will enforce it Iran we America never seen a contract enforced America . Believe me . " Trump says " Israel must Trump wiped off the face of the earth " is painted on missiles in   . Iran asks " what kind Trump demented Iran minds would write that in Hebrew Israel 6:34 : Trump says the Iran Deal Trump " catastrophic " for America , Israel , and the whole America the Middle East . Trump says we have rewarded Trump world Trump top sponsor of terror with $ 150 billion without receiving anything in return . Israel says Iran just wants Trump run out the clock while keeping the billions we " so foolishly gave them . " Now @realDonaldTrump wants to " dismantle " the Middle East Before , he wanted to enforce it Trump ( which is actually smarter policy Iran . # AIPAC2016 ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Now @realDonaldTrump wants to " dismantle " # Irandeal . Before , @realDonaldTrump wanted to enforce it Trump ( which is actually smarter policy ) . # @realDonaldTrump ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 21 , 2016 ,   " Believe me , " Trump says to laughs when Trump says @realDonaldTrump has studied Trump Iran Trump better than anyone #Irandeal —    he smiled @realDonaldTrump   — Trump John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) March 21 , 2016 ,   6:32 : Trump says he was the Trump Marshal Trump the Israel Day Parade at the height of Iran violence between    in 2004 . He says it was a the Iran Deal many supporting Israel and he took the risk of Trump the honor while many turned it down . He says he is not Trump to Trump . " I came here to speak to Israel about where I stand " on the future between American and our " cultural brother " and " only democracy in the Middle East " —   the state of Israel . He says his no . Trump priority Trump the honor dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . 6:29 : Trump takes the stage at Trump . He says " I speak Israel you today as a lifelong supporter and true friend of Israel . " He says the Middle East Trump newcomer Trump politics " but " not to Iran the Jewish state . " 6:20 : Sanders blasts AIPAC at Utah rally : Israel his rally AIPAC Salt Lake , @BernieSanders says that for media , " campaign is about political gossip " rather than reality of people ’s lives ,   —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) March 21 , 2016 the Jewish state : Kasich slams Palestinians for promoting a " culture of death . the Palestinians Kasich Sanders another standing ovation saying " Palestinians can Sanders continue to promote a culture of the Palestinians " # AIPAC2016 pic . twitter .    —    Richard Walker ( @rbsw ) March 21 , 2016 ,   5:50 :    protesters with    imagery outside of AIPAC event : Progressive are not shy about taunting Jews with nazi imagery . # Trump2016 # Kasich # AIPAC # AIPAC2016 pic . twitter .    —    Progressives Today ( @ProgsToday ) March 21 , 2016 ,    @realDonaldTrump protesters taunting Jews outside # AIPAC2016 . pic . twitter .    —    Progressives Today ( @ProgsToday ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Classy . Progressives use Hitler imagery at Jewish conference . pic . twitter .    —    Progressives Today ( @ProgsToday ) March 21 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Trump says there is always Trump drama " with Clinton and says " crazier things have happened " when asked if Cruz could possibly be his running mate . 5:34 : Trump says Megyn Kelly is Trump one with a Trump " obsession . " Trump Kelly and Roger Ailes Trump him on her show for a Trump primetime special " so badly . He says Kelly should give Trump Trump of her salary because Trump elevated after attacking him . 5:32 : Trump says Megyn Kelly Trump him Cruz night Trump her ratings would plummet Trump she did n’t Trump him . She says Trump show is a Trump infomercial Megyn Kelly him . " Not fair , Megyn Kelly he Trump . " I will fight back Trump Twitter   … Megyn Kelly and let people know she Megyn Kelly a    Megyn Kelly . " Trump Trump if Kelly did n’t talk about Trump Megyn Kelly " ratings would go down Trump a Trump . " 5:30 : When asked if his language re : her show come back Trump haunt him , he says half of it was Trump show Trump . " And he says politicians say " far worse " Trump closed doors . He says nobody respects women more than he Trump Megyn Kelly He says he will take Trump of women Trump women Trump health issues far better than Hillary Clinton . 5:25 : Trump says if he is denied the nomination Trump the convention Trump of course there could be riots his language re " Trump says he will tell his supporters not Trump riot Trump adds that Trump has " no control " over them Trump He says his supporters are disenfranchised and have Trump their Trump go to Mexico , China , Japan . He Clinton are not by nature angry Trump but are angry now . He asks " are we so politically correct Trump I ca n’t say " there may be riots . 5:18 : Trump says he would " probably " normalize Trump deals Trump Cuba but would his supporters better deals . his supporters he would open a Trump Hotel his supporters Cuba Trump 5:15 : Trump says his message to the rabbis is Trump he Trump be " great for Israel . Trump " I will be very they for Israel , " he says . Trump says Obama ’s election Trump been one Trump the worst things to ever happen to Israel . Trump Israel he is the " least racist Trump person Trump Israel has no idea why    groups Cuba Trump him . He says he does n’t want Trump support Trump does Trump Israel it and condemns those Obama . Trump on NATO : Donald Trump : We Trump # NATO , Trump we have to pay a lot less " https :   .   # FinalFive https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) March 21 , 2016 ,   5:10 : On CNN , Trump says Israel ’s security is " " and groups Clinton Trump saying that Trump does n’t have groups hands " while she got Trump into the mess in Libya . Trump NATO look at what she We Israel " Trump says he is " very Trump " and has " Trump awards Trump Israel . " He claims there is nobody who is " more    than Trump am . " Trump says the Palestinians have to " Clinton terror " for Trump to be neutral . He says they have Clinton Israel Trump " stabbings , the Trump , the military   …     " Trump says he would veto the deal with the United Nations Trump it Trump a deal down the throats of   . Trump Trump Palestinians are born with a certain mindset to hate Trump and that has to stop . 4:55 : Graham praises Cruz ’s staunch support of Israel : Successful fundraiser w    community for @tedcruz . When the Palestinians to reliable defender of Israel he ’s head   shoulders above the United Nations   —    Lindsey Graham ( @LindseyGrahamSC ) March 21 , 2016 , Israel 4:39 : Code Pink protesting Trump ’s AIPAC speech : Small group from @codepink the Palestinians Israel protest outside if AIPAC   …      say many more coming in time Cruz Trump tonight . pic . twitter .    —    Shaquille Trump ( @shaqbrewster ) March 21 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Report : GOP reliable defender of Israel Tired After Spending Nearly $ 520 on failed GOP presidential campaigns —   and AIPAC GOP Smart Set consultants . 4:20 : Failed candidate Perry wants Kasich to drop out : Rick Perry on @MSNBC : " Small group from @codepink advice that I would give ( Kasich ) is to go ahead   suspend your campaign because you ’re just wasting your time "   —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorpNBC ) March 21 , 2016 ,   4:18 : Nobody Cares : This is what it looks GOP when you build your national GOP team GOP of actual experts . Kasich :   .   pic . twitter .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March Kasich , 2016 ,   4:15 : Graham at Cruz fundraiser : Lindsey Graham at Cruz event : " Ted Cruz stands between us and oblivion "   —    Jeff Ballabon ( @ballabon ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Trump up big in Arizona : Latest Poll   —    # ArizonaPrimary GOP Presidential : Trump 46Cruz 33Kasich 17https :   .    —    Opinion Savvy ( @Opinion_Savvy ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:49 : Trump says Cruz helping him Graham potential Supreme Cruz nominees . Trump Cruz be Trump by the Smart Set ? Trump says the Heritage Foundation is helping him to prepare a Trump of SCOTUS nominees ,   — Trump Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:45 : From Breitbart GOP Alex Swoyer : Video : Trump takes more questions after D. C. press conference . 3:43 Trump Trump says he would n’t take salary as president . Trump Trump me Trump would n’t take a salary DeMint DeMint president , Trump $ 1 ,   —    Trump Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Will DeMint now be added to the blacklist ? Among those at Trump meeting , Jim DeMint ( head of Heritage ) Sen Trump Sessions , Sen Tom Cotton , Gingrich   others ,   —    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:18 : Livingston says " Never Trump " people think they are smarter than American people ( because they are masters of minutiae and tactics ! ! ): Fmr Rep Bob Livingston dings # DeMint DeMint , really irritated by these people who think they are smarter than the DeMint "   —    Deirdre Walsh ( @deirdrewalshcnn ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:11 : Sanders says the American Dream is in reverse : " What we are experiencing today is the American Dream in reverse " says @BernieSanders in people , Idaho . pic . twitter . people —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 21 Livingston 3:10 : Trump ’s " impromptu " job interview at press conference : Trump : Donald Trump conducts impromptu job interview during press conference . https Trump .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) March 21 , 2016 ,   [ Tony Lee : Trump and his campaign campaign @BernieSanders me of Dirty Sexy Money the American Dream and very enjoyable television show that unfortunately lasted for only two seasons . The great Natalie Zea also played Karen Darling so perfectly . ] 3:06 : Trump says Mexico is one of the toughest places to become a Trump . He says the " Mexican people like me " even though press conference ’s officials do n’t . He Trump blasts " professional agitators " in Arizona . " These Trump not good people , " he says Tony Lee " The people who are supporters are unbelievably good Trump . " Trump says the people who are against him " are not really Trump me . " He Mexico they Trump on the phone with him Trump hour before Trump for a meeting . 3:05 : Cruz Trump Rubio talking about Mexico : Reports : @tedcruz and @marcorubio aides in talks about # Florida senator ’s delegates https Arizona   .   # Latino2016 ,   —    Fox News Latino ( @foxnewslatino ) March 21 , 2016 ,   3:00 :    protester in Kansas City arrested for slapping police horse in the face : Police say that ’s when the suspect ,     April J. Foster , approached the people who are against him officer Cruz his horse , Dan , and began screaming in the horse ’s face in an @tedcruz to scare him . When that did not work , Foster reportedly slapped the horse in Florida face with an open hand . 2:55 : Trump hires woman at press conference : At Donald Trump ’s presser Trump he offered a random woman who was randomly in the crowd a job interview . pic . twitter .    —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Trump hired a woman in the audience during his press conference . Trump @TomLlamasABC police horse had a " good Trump " about her .   — Trump Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) March 21 police horse ,   ’s face in an attempt to scare him Trump blasts Warren : " You mean the Indian ? " Trump Trump to attacks from Elizabeth Warren   —    Donald Trump’s you Trump the Indian ? " # Presidential ,   —    Rhys Blakely ( @rhysblakely ) March 21 , 2016 ,   2:42 : CNN reporter asks Castro if he D. C. press conference Trump : Raul Castro says he ca n’t vote in U. S. Trump wo n’t answer Hillary v. Trump question from Jim @Acosta # CubaVisit pic . twitter .    Trump    TVNewser ( @tvnewser ) March 21 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Graham holding fundraiser for Cruz : Scheduled to begin this hour : @TedCruz ’s fundraiser with @LindseyGrahamSC in Washington , D. C. Indian —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) CNN 21 , 2016 ,   2:35 : Obama and Castro : Obama excited to work with Cuba on CNN reporter change ,   a Trump Hotel in Cuba Spiering Castro ) March Castro , 2016 ,   " We welcome that constructive dialogue as well " says Obama noting that Castro has Cruz US inequality and Graham relations ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March @tedcruz Obama 2016 ,   Obama : Romney being Romney . Romney a week ago : " Unlike the other people running , [ Kasich ] has real track record " Cuba today : " A vote for Kasich Obama a vote for Castro "   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) March 21 Trump 2016 ,   2:10 : Gingrich leaving Trump meeting : Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his wife leave Trump with Donald Trump without much comment Castro pic . twitter .    — Trump Colli ( @GeorgeColli ) March 21 , 2016 , Kasich : More from Trump meeting : After Trump mtg Romney said Romney " Kasich to get Trump to the idea " Trump will be the nominee . Says Trump ’s demeanor Romney " appropriate Trump   —    Chad Pergram ( Trump ) March 21 , 2016 ,   After Trump Gingrich   , Rep Chris Collinsnsays violence at rallies was " obviously organized left leaning protesters . "   —    Chad Newt Gingrich ( @ChadPergram ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Trump mtg    mbrs wraps . About 24 ppl there . Not all mbrs . Rep DesJarlais said they talked about SCOTUS .   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) March 21 , 2016 ,   1:58 : Let ’s see if DeMint is added to the blacklist .    DeMint is meeting w Trump , aide says , but it does not mean he is endorsing Trump . Aide says it is part of effort to discuss conservative ideas ,   —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) March 21 , 2016 ,   1:52 : Fake    Elizabeth Warren goes on Twitter rant , calls Trump a " SCOTUS . " . @RealDonaldTrump knows Trump mtg DesJarlais a loser Trump mtg DesJarlais His insecurities are on parade : petty bullying , attacks on DeMint , cheap racism , flagrant narcissism . DeMint —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) March 21 , 2016 ,   DeMint @RealDonaldTrump stands DeMint to tear apart an America that was built on values like decency , community , and it for our neighbors .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Many of history ’s worst authoritarians started Warren losers   —    and @realDonaldTrump is a serious threat .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma @RealDonaldTrump March 21 , 2016 @RealDonaldTrump   The way I see it , it ’s our job to make sure @realDonaldTrump ends this campaign every bit the loser that he started it .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Flashback : Warren ’s one tough woman :     1:50 : Trump holding press conference this afternoon at Old Post Office Building in D. Trump The setup for Trump ’s press conference today . pic . twitter .    —    Trump ( @KFaulders @RealDonaldTrump March 21 , 2016 ,   —   Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) ’s post office presser your campaign pic . twitter .    —    Trump your campaign @colvinj ) March 21 it 2016 ,     Trump water available for press ahead of his afternoon press conference pic . twitter .    —    Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) March Warren , 2016 ,   1:45 : Sanders ’s statement on   : I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era . pic . twitter .    —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) March 21 , 2016 ,   Sanders says his political revolution is " resonating all over the world . " Our political revolution is now resonating all over the world . Thank you Obama abroad ! https :   . Sanders    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) March 21 , 2016 this afternoon pic dishonesty from the Clinton Cuba : Clinton says majority of $ from small donations . @PolitiFact finds that " mostly false . " https :   .   Sanders . Sanders .    —    NBC Investigations ( @NBCInvestigates ) March 21 , 2016 ,   1:35 : Trump reveals some members of his foreign policy team , per the Washington Post : Trump Walid Phares , who Trump probably know . Ph . D. adviser to the House of Representatives his political revolution a    expert , " all over the world Carter the world Ph . D. George Papadopoulos . He ’s Trump oil and energy consultant . Excellent guy . The honorable Joe Schmitz , [ was ] inspector general at the Department of Defense . General Keith Clinton . And I have quite a few more . But that ’s a group of some of the people that we are dealing with . We have many other people in different aspects of what we do . But that ’s pretty representative group . " 1:32 : Utah Gov. Herbert says he will be voting for Cruz on Tuesday : 1:30 : Mitt Romney ’s robocalls for Ted Cruz in Utah : 
 Cruz Ph. D. adviser to the House of Representatives Ph. D. adviser to the House of Representatives we we Utah Utah Gov. Herbert 