Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s National Security Advisor Michael Flynn condemned Wednesday Iran ’s recent ballistic missile test launch , calling Iran a " provocative " breach of a UN Security Council resolution . National Security Advisor Michael Flynn called recent ballistic missile test launch the latest in a series of provocative moves by Iran that have included backing Houthi rebels in Yemen , who have attacked US allies . " As of today , we are officially putting Iran on notice , " National Security Advisor Michael Flynn said from the White House briefing room . National Security Advisor Michael Flynn did not say whether the US would take action beyond a verbal warning , and three senior administration officials , speaking on background , said Wednesday that they three senior administration officials, speaking on background still in the early stages of determining what action the the US take in response . " We are the US a whole range of options . We ’re the US a deliberative process , " one of the officials said . Those options include financial measures and economic sanctions , and the officials the officials administration would not take any options off the table , including a military response . They also stressed the administration a violation of the UN Security Council Resolution on Iranian ballistic missile activity would not impact the Iran nuclear deal . One of the officials said the officials warning on Wednesday delivered from the White House     one that might typically be issued by diplomats     was intended to reflect " the level of importance that this administration believes this issue warrants . " ’Provocative’ Iran ’s Foreign Iran that Sunday ’s missile test was " solely for defensive purposes , " and not a violation of the UN Security Council resolution which bars Iran from testing " ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons . "   President Barack Obama ’s administration one year ago enacted financial sanctions on 11 people and companies involved in Iran ’s ballistic missile program after Iran conducted two test launches of Iran . That came after the UN determined in late 2015 that those launches were in violation of the Security two test launches of ballistic missiles . The UN Security Council The UN Security Council Resolution of the Iran nuclear deal , but a separate security Iran measure . Flynn did not signal whether the US would take any concrete actions     military or diplomatic     to counter what he described as " provocative " Iranian actions , but he did Flynn the Obama administration for having " failed to respond Flynn to Iran The Trump administration . " Flynn added Iran ’s actions threaten stability in the region and Iran Flynn at risk , and said Iran was " on notice . "   " The Iran administration condemns such actions by Iran that undermine security , prosperity and stability throughout and Iran the Middle East and place American lives at risk , " he said . White House press secretary Sean Spicer added Wednesday that the US wo n’t " sit by and not act on those actions . " Flynn ’s warning comes as forces from the US , British , French and Australian navies engage in exercises in the Persian Gulf . A total of 17 warships from the four nations are participating in the exercises , named Unified Trident , led by the UK ’s amphibious assault ship HMS Ocean , according to a US Navy press release . The drills are designed to " ensure the free flow of commerce " through waterways of strategic interest to the entire world , the US Navy release said . The commander of Iran ’s navy , Rear Adm. Habibollah a US Navy press release navies not enter Iran ’s territorial waters , according to a report from    Press TV . Iran ’s Defense Minister Brig . Iran Dehghan referenced the new US administration in telling Iran ’s independent Mehr News Iran allied exercise would not be successful . " Under the situation created in the wake Iran presidency of Donald Trump , Persian Gulf littoral states are somehow concerned about the future and the European countries are interested in cementing their presence in the region and giving some form of reassurance to their allies , " Dehghan is quoted as saying . " the European countries drills will have no outcome for them , " Dehghan said the European countries Tensions have been on edge around the Persian Gulf this year . In early January , the These drills    destroyer Dehghan Mahan fired warning shots at Iranian boats near the Strait of Hormuz , the narrow entrance to the Persian Gulf . The five Iranian boats came " within 900 yards or so " of the Mahan , which was sailing the Persian Gulf US ships , a Pentagon spokesman said at the time . A US warship also fired warning shots at Iranian vessels in an incident last August . 
 