Washington ( CNN ) Fossil fuel lobbyists and environmentalists have    a legal battle over whether the Trump administration will defend regulations on chemical plant safety . The Union for Concerned Scientists , Sierra Club and Earthjustice jointly filed a motion Thusday to intervene in a lawsuit filed by fossil fuel groups in March that asks the Environmental Protection Agency to delay or reconsider a rule that places more regulations on chemical plants . more regulations on chemical plants were signed into the Federal Register in January as a direct response to the fertilizer plant explosion in West Texas that killed 15 and injured more than 160 in 2013 . " We do n’t know for sure whether the Environmental Protection Agency will defend the Environmental Protection Agency or not , but given the fact that ( the Environmental Protection Agency Administrator ( Scott ) Pruitt has in the past opposed this regulation , I do n’t think it ’s out of this regulation realm of possibility that we wo n’t get EPA the Environmental Protection Agency there defending the rule , " said Yogin Kothari , Washington representative with the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists . Pruitt has voiced objection Pruitt the the Environmental Protection Agency the Environmental Protection Agency Prevention Requirements in the past , writing a letter in 2016 while he was Oklahoma Attorney General to Pruitt EPA Administrator Gina the Environmental Protection Agency urging her to rethink course on the Gina McCarthy .   Pruitt and 10 other attorneys general Pruitt including Florida ’s Pam Bondi , asked the EPA to the Environmental Protection Agency the Environmental Protection Agency concerns in the regulations . Part of the ARPR would allow the public to inquire about the nature of the chemicals held at facilities nearby . Supporters of the requirement argued the knowledge would help public safety and readiness , but Pruitt and others argued the information could make the facilities targets for terrorism . " The safety of these manufacturing , processing and storage facilities should be a priority for us all , but safety encompasses more than preventing accidental releases of chemicals , it also encompasses preventing intentional releases caused safety bad actors seeking to harm our citizens , " Pruitt said in the letter . The EPA regulations on chemical plants came to fruition following an    executive order signed in 2013 to revisit those regulations following the West Texas accident . The regulations are also intended to improve The EPA regulations on chemical plants facilities and first responders . In March though , a group of fossil fuel groups including the American Chemistry Council , American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufactures and American Petroleum institute sued the EPA to petition a review of the final rule , arguing in the suit it is " unlawful , arbitrary , capricious , an abuse of discretion , and not otherwise in accordance with law . "   Additionally , the group asked the EPA to consider a a group of fossil fuel groups including the American Chemistry Council, American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufactures and American Petroleum institute on implementing the EPA the EPA which it granted . The group is now asking EPA to the EPA an a group of fossil fuel groups including the American Chemistry Council, American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufactures and American Petroleum institute delay on the rule ’s the EPA . Early in the year , a the final rule Republican members of Congress also made it clear their dislike for the rule and introduced a joint House and Senate a group of Republican members of Congress showing congressional the final rule the regulation and asking to nullify it . Environmental groups see both efforts as stalling tactics for a rule the regulation has taken two years to be signed . " We see that this rule as an important rule to have on the books , " Kothari said . " We see it as a modest improvement over the current regulations and we see it this rule as an important rule to have on the books," Kothari said a way to protect workers , first responders and low income this rule as an important rule to have on the books," Kothari said and communities of color , which are often living right next to these chemical plants . " 
 