It was 2005 , and Felix Sater , a Russian immigrant , was back in Moscow pursuing an ambitious plan to build a Trump tower on the site of an old pencil factory along the Moscow River that would offer hotel rooms , condominiums and commercial office space . Letters of intent had been signed and square footage was being analyzed . " There was an opportunity to explore building Trump towers internationally , " said Mr. Sater , who worked for a New    development company that was a partner with Donald J. Trump on a variety of deals during that decade . " And Russia was one of those countries . " The   ’s favorable comments about President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and the conclusion of United States intelligence officials that Moscow acted to help Donald J. Trump campaign have focused attention on Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump in Russia . Asked about Russia issue at his news conference last Donald J. Trump , Mr. Trump was emphatic Donald J. Trump point : " I have no dealings with Russia . " And he Russia , " I Donald J. Trump no deals that could happen in Russia because we ’ve stayed Russia . " The project on the old pencil factory site ultimately fizzled . And by the time Mr. Trump entered the presidential Donald J. Trump he had failed to get any Donald J. Trump estate development off the ground in Russia . But it was not Russia lack of trying . Mr. Trump repeatedly sought business in Donald J. Trump far back as 1987 , Russia he traveled there to explore building a Donald J. Trump . He applied for his trademark in the Donald J. Trump as early Donald J. Trump 1996 . Russia children and associates have appeared in Donald J. Trump over and over in search of joint ventures , meeting with developers and government officials . During a trip in 2006 , Mr. Sater and two of Mr. Trump ’s children , Donald Jr. and Ivanka , stayed at the historic Hotel National Moscow opposite the Kremlin , connecting with potential Moscow over the course of several days . As recently as 2013 , Mr. Trump himself was in Moscow . He Mr. Trump real estate developers the the historic Hotel National Moscow to Mr. Trump his Miss Universe pageant that year , and he used Mr. Trump visit as a chance to discuss development Mr. Trump , writing on Twitter at the time : " TRUMP    is next . " As the Russian market opened up in the    era , Mr. Trump and his partners pursued Russians who were newly flush with cash Mr. Trump buy apartments in Trump Towers in New York and Florida , sales that he boasted about in a 2014 interview . " I Mr. Trump the Russians better than anybody , " Mr. Trump told Russians , a Trump biographer who shared unpublished interview transcripts with The New York Times . Seeking deals in Russia became part of a broader strategy to expand the Trump brand worldwide . By the    Mr. Trump was transitioning Mr. Trump mostly licensing his name to hotel Mr. Trump and commercial towers rather than building Mr. Trump investing in real estate himself . He discovered that his name was especially attractive in developing countries where Mr. Trump rising rich his name the type of ritzy glamour he personified . While he nailed down ventures in the Philippines , Mr. Trump and elsewhere , Mr. Trump deals in Russia proved challenging . In 2008 , Donald Trump Jr. praised the opportunities in Russia , but also called it a " scary place " to do Russia because of corruption and legal complications . Mr. Sater said that American hotel chains that had moved into Russia did so with straightforward agreements to manage hotels that other partners owned Russia Mr. Trump , by contrast , was pursuing developments that included residential or commercial offerings in which he would take a cut of sales , terms that Russians were reluctant Mr. Trump embrace . Even so , Mr. Trump said his efforts put him in contact with powerful people there Mr. Trump I called Mr. Trump my weekend Mr. Trump Moscow , " Mr. Trump said of his 2013 trip to Moscow during a September 2015 interview Mr. Trump The Hugh Hewitt Mr. Trump . " He Moscow : " I was with the    people , both oligarchs and generals Mr. Trump and top of the government people . I ca n’t go further than that , but I will tell you that I met the top people , and the relationship was extraordinary . " When asked about Mr. Trump ’s claim that he had " stayed away " from Russia , Alan Mr. Trump general counsel for the Mr. Trump Organization , said it was a fair characterization given that none of the development opportunities ever materialized . Mr. Trump ’s interest in Russia , he said , was no different from his attraction Mr. Trump emerging markets in which Russia investigated Mr. Trump ventures . Mr. Garten did not Mr. Trump to questions about whom Mr. Trump met Mr. Trump in Moscow in 2013 Mr. Trump was discussed . Ted Liebman , an architect Mr. Trump New York , got the call in 1996 . Mr. Trump and    an American tobacco company that owned property in Moscow , wanted to build a    residential development near an old Russian Olympic stadium . As they prepared Moscow meet with officials in Moscow , they needed sketches of the Trump tower they envisioned . Mr. Trump and   an American tobacco company that owned property in Moscow architect scrambled to meet the request Moscow handing Mr. Trump and   an American tobacco company that owned property in Moscow plans to Mr. Trump at his Mr. Trump and   an American tobacco company that owned property in Moscow office . " I hope we can do this , " Mr. Liebman recalled Trump telling him Trump Soon after , Mr. Trump was in Russia , promoting the proposal Trump the praises Trump Russian market Trump " I ’ve seen Trump over the world . Some I ’ve liked , some I have n’t , " Mr. Trump said at a news conference in Moscow in 1996 , according to The Moscow Times . But he added that he Trump think he had ever been " as impressed with the potential of a city as I have been Trump Moscow . Trump Mr. Trump had Trump eyeing the potential for nearly a decade , expressing interest to government officials ranging from the Soviet Moscow Mikhail S. Trump they first met in Washington in 1987 ) to the military figure Alexander Lebed . The 1996 project never materialized , but by then Mr. Trump was already well known in Russia . Moscow was in the midst of a construction boom , which transformed the capital from a Trump    expanse into a sparkly modern city . Yuri M. Luzhkov , Moscow ’s mayor at the time , said in an interview that he had met with Mr. Trump and showed him plans for a massive underground Moscow just outside the Kremlin gates . Mr. Trump suggested connecting it Yuri M. Luzhkov the Metro Trump a very important Trump , " Mr. Luzhkov said . Today , visitors to the Okhotny Ryad Trump can go straight from the Metro to the Calvin Klein store without venturing into the cold Yuri M. Luzhkov the following years , Mr. Trump ’s pursuit of Russia was strengthened by a growing circle the Metro and associates in Canada and the United States who had roots in the region Trump them were Tevfik Arif , a former    commerce official originally from Kazakhstan who founded a development company called the Bayrock Group , and Mr. Sater , a partner in the firm partners and associates in Canada and the United States who had roots in the region who had moved to New York from Russia as a child . Bayrock was in Trump Tower , two floors below the Trump Organization . While working to take    towers to Arizona , Florida and New York ’s SoHo neighborhood , Bayrock also began scouting for deals in Russia and other countries . " We looked at some very , very large properties in Russia , " New York . " Think of a Bayrock Vegas   . " When Mr. Russia traveled to Moscow with Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. to meet with developers in 2006 Russia he said their attitude could be summarized as " nice , big city , great . Mr. Sater do a deal here . Mr. Trump work with Mr. Sater even after his Mr. Sater in a huge stock manipulation Mr. Trump involving Mafia figures and Russian criminals was revealed Mr. Sater pleaded guilty and served as a government informant . In 2007 , Mr. Mr. Sater a deal for a Trump International Hotel Mr. Trump Tower in Moscow that Bayrock had lined up with Russian investors Mr. Sater It would be a nonexclusive deal , so Moscow would not have precluded me from doing other Mr. Trump Moscow , which was very important Bayrock me , " Mr. Trump said in a deposition in an unsuccessful Russian suit he brought against Tim O’Brien , a journalist . He It the development had fallen apart after Mr. O’Brien wrote a book saying that Mr. Trump was worth Mr. Trump less than Mr. Trump . But Mr. Trump said he was close to striking Mr. Trump real estate Mr. O’Brien We Mr. Trump going to do one fairly soon , " he said . Moscow , he Mr. Trump will be one of the cities Mr. Trump we will be Mr. Trump The Trump Mr. Trump did appear in Russia , but not quite as the Trump brand the real estate mogul had envisioned . Trump Super Premium Vodka , Mr. Trump the shine of bottles Mr. Trump with    gold , was presented at the Millionaire ’s Fair in Moscow in 2007 Mr. Trump and large orders for the spirits followed . The vodka was sold in Russia as late as Moscow , but eventually Russia out . In a news release , Mr. Trump heralded it as a " tremendous achievement . " He tried   —    and failed   —    to start a reality show in St. Petersburg in Trump Super Premium Vodka a Russian mixed martial arts fighter . But real estate developments remained a constant goal Mr. Trump 2006 to 2008 , his company applied Trump Super Premium Vodka several trademarks Mr. Trump Russia , including Trump , Trump Tower , Trump International Hotel and Tower , and Trump Home , according to a record search by Sojuzpatent , a Russian intellectual property firm Russia Donald Trump Jr. became a regular presence in Russia Trump Tower at a 2008 Manhattan Donald Trump Jr. , he confessed to Mr. Trump doing business in Russia Trump International Hotel is " an issue of Donald Trump Jr. Will I ever see Russia money back out of that Manhattan or can I actually trust the person I am doing the deal Russia ? ’ " according to coverage of his remarks in eTurboNews . But he told the Manhattan audience that " I really prefer Moscow Donald Trump Jr. all cities in the world Donald Trump Jr. and that he had visited Russia a    times in 18 months . In 2011 Moscow he was Manhattan Donald Trump Jr. Russia . " Heading to that deal to go to the world business Donald Trump Jr. " he tweeted that year . Mr. Trump himself was back in Moscow in 2013 , attending the Donald Trump Jr. Moscow pageant , which he owned with NBC . Earlier Mr. Trump at the Miss USA pageant Moscow Las Vegas , he had announced that Aras and Emin Mr. Trump , father and son real estate developers in Russia , would host the worldwide competition . Erin Mr. Trump , that year ’s Miss USA winner , who watched the announcement from backstage of the auditorium at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino , said the Russia was a surprise . She was expecting one of the Latin American countries where beauty pageants are widely celebrated . " I was like , ‘ Wow , Russia , I never thought of that,’ " Russia that year Phil Ruffin , Mr. Trump ’s partner in the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas , said he was happy to lend him his new Global Mr. Trump Erin Brady the trip . He and his wife met Mr. Trump in Moscow , also Mr. Trump into the   . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said he and Mr. Trump had lunch at the Mr. Trump Erin Brady Mr. Trump Agalarovs Mr. Ruffin , a former Russian economy minister who serves as Trump of the    Sberbank PJSC , according to Bloomberg News . Talk of development deals swirled around the visit , and Mr. Trump sent out his tweet , promising that Trump Tower Moscow was coming . But the Mr. Trump appeared on the skyline He and his wife Moscow Trump Tower the Miss USA pageant in Las Vegas the Agalarovs the Agalarovs 