Sunday on ABC"s " This Week , " interim chairman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile disputed    Donald Trump ’s legitimacy because of the Russian ’s hacking intended to interfere with the 2016 presidential election , saying   the result was " tainted by this intrusion . "   Partial transcript as follows : RADDATZ : Donna , given all you said about this hack , do you think Donald Trump ’s win was legitimate ? Donna Brazile : No , I was involved a close election in 2000 . And it was an election where we believed that every vote should count , and every voter should matter . At the end of the day , the electors had an obligation to do their the electors . And George Bush won the election , and Al Gore had the most electoral   —    I mean , the most popular vote . Donald Trump used this information in ways to also sow division . I was very disappointed in his Donald Trump usage some of the stolen information . He Donald Trump it as if he Donald Trump daily talking points . But that ’s politics . It that behind us . What we us focus on now is how do we us our country from foreign intrusion ? How do we protect and strengthen our we institutions ? And how do we protect votes . RADDATZ : Was the election legit ? BRAZILE : The election is   —    was tainted by this intrusion , but   —    RADDATZ RADDATZ Would Hillary Clinton have own without it The election Do you think ? BRAZILE BRAZILE You know , I ’m not going to sugarcoat what happened on Election Day . We , the Democratic Party has a lot of things that we We to do . Donald Trump cracked the blue wall , OK ? He Donald Trump the the blue wall We We a blue wall we We ’ve maintained it . We We ’ve kept it . But it ’s no question that having a foreign adversary , a foe interfere and to use hacked stolen    and weaponize them against the Democrats , not the Republicans , not Trump Donald Trump but against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic party , the president ’s party , we should be outraged by it . I know I ’m still outraged by it but I it to make sure this never happens again . This country deserves to have the kind of cyber security experts involved to make sure that our homeland is protected . at every stage . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 