Marvel Entertainment CEO Isaac " Ike " Perlmutter is facing heavy criticism for donating $ 1 million to American veterans on Thursday night for an event hosted by Trump . [ Following a dispute with Fox News and debate moderator Megyn Kelly , Trump skipped the final GOP debate before voting begins in Iowa , and instead held a fundraiser for veterans Iowa he raised $ 6 million   —    much Trump it from fellow businessmen Perlmutter , investor Carl Icahn veterans where he raised $6 million  —    and real estate developer Phil Ruffin .   Trump said at the fundraiser Perlmutter is " an Trump man , a fundraiser for veterans where he raised $6 million  —    is Perlmutter " one of the great , great men of our country in terms of business and talent . " A representative for the Marvel exec and his wife Laura later told industry outlet The Hollywood Reporter : " The Perlmutters are thrilled to support their friend Donald Trump in his efforts to help veterans The Perlmutters " Perlmutter ’s decision Donald Trump donate to veterans created an immediate backlash among critics of Trump ’s campaign online , where Perlmutter has been described as a " super villain " Perlmutter accused of promoting " racism " and gender inequality for supporting Trump . In calling for a boycott of Marvel , Trump’s news site Salon wrote that Perlmutter ’s decision to support vets through Trump demonstrates the Perlmutter giant actively discriminates against women and Trump’s . Salon writes : Thanks to the Marvel Cinematic Universe , Marvel Salon has become one of the most influential forces in shaping American popular culture today . Unfortunately , Marvel has refused to use this power responsibly even as their Marvel Comics and pulp characters rake in billions fighting fictional bogeyman even Marvel continues to actively perpetuate many of the racial and gender Marvel Comics that thwart justice in the real world . As such , Perlmutter ’s support for the Trump campaign   —    which has emerged as a potent vehicle for racist and sexist ideologies   —    can not simply be dismissed as simply one more occasion of a    plutocrat backing one of his own . On a deeper level , it demonstrates that Perlmutter reactionary ideals embedded in Trumpism are also promoted in our entertainment products   …      and that if we are going to oppose the former , we must also our and take a stand against the latter our Beyond simply endorsing Trump ’s campaign , he [ Perlmutter ] is actively backing his efforts to punish Trump’s News for not capitulating to Trump Trump’s misogynistic demand that Kelly either kowtow to his ego Trump’s be included among the panel ’s moderators . Trump’s that and his willingness to help elect a presidential candidate whose campaign has been Trump’s by bigotry against Mexicans and Muslims , it ’s impossible to believe that Perlmutter ’s reactionary beliefs are n’t shaping the properties he plays such a major role in helping to craft . Salon Perlmutter , " progressives have the power to compel Marvel and its business allies to change its racial and gender attitudes . " Marvel comedian Peter Coffin called Marvel Perlmutter to resign from Marvel following the donation to veterans : Donald Perlmutter’s is n’t a Marvel issue . He ’s proposing fascist policy . He ’s courting white supremacy . Donald Trump tolerance . @Marvel ,   Donald Trump    Peter Coffin ( @petercoffin ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Summary : @Marvel ’s CEO donated a massive amount to Donald Trump , heavily indicating racism . Stepping down is the only Donald Trump .   —    Peter Coffin ( @petercoffin ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Other Marvel fans also criticized the CEO : Glad the entire world has learned what comics fans already knew : Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter is pure garbage ,   —    Sean T. Collins ( @theseantcollins ) January 30 , 2016 ,   Any time Marvel cheapens women or marginalizes minority voices , it shores up a structure Marvel leads from employees to Perlmutter to Trump Marvel   —    Andrew Wheeler ( @Wheeler ) January Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter , 2016 ,   one thing ike perlmutter could do is donate directly in a way that benefited older veterans that have contributed work to marvel comics ,   —    Tom Spurgeon ( @comicsreporter ) January 29 , 2016 ,   If Ike Perlmutter giving $ 1 million to Trump is n’t proof he ’s Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter , I do n’t know what Trump . Can we Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter @Marvel TV to Feige now ?   —    Donna Dickens ( @MildlyAmused ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter giving Trump $ 1 million seems very    with his film ’s Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter alpha males Trump militaristic authority ,   —    Brett    ( @AntiqueiPod ) January 29 , 2016 ,   oh god , now i ’d have to go and watch batman vs superman bc of that idiot Isaac Perlmutter who paid 1Mil to Trump # Marvel ,   —    Claudia P. ( @deetsy ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Because apparently Ike Perlmutter is a fucking idiot trying to throw away all of Marvel ’s goodwill .   —    S. A. Hunt ( @authorsahunt ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Nah but actually Perlmutter is scum fuck him for supporting a racist pig ,   —    Mac Ike Perlmutter Steel ( @Damac1214 Ike Perlmutter January 29 , 2016 , 
 