WASHINGTON —   Some major conservative leaders have secured over $ 200 million to present Donald Trump with the choice of running on a conservative agenda or losing November ’s election . [ Many thought the NeverTrump movement would dissolve following Donald Trump win in Indiana , after which his Donald Trump remaining rivals , Ted Cruz and John Kasich , dropped out of the presidential race . Instead , while many    leaders have resigned themselves many   leaders the billionaire ’s nomination , others are pursuing an aggressive campaign which some of them others could deny both Trump Donald Trump Hillary Clinton the White House .   Ken Blackwell —   a senior adviser to the Our Principles PAC who served thirty years in various elected and presidentially appointed offices at both the federal and state level , as well as chaired a national presidential campaign —   has had discussions with the persons organizing and funding this effort . While Blackwell Ken Blackwell said he Ken Blackwell not bought into this this effort he Ken Blackwell not endorsed Trump , either . " I agree with these folks that Trump is Trump conservative , and he Ken Blackwell more interested in redefining the Republican Party than in unifying it , " Blackwell Ken Blackwell . " I believe he Ken Blackwell    enough , and wants a win this election enough , that these folks these folks his Ken Blackwell and perhaps find common ground . If not , he Ken Blackwell have a problem this November . " " The goal is to get the Republican Party the Republican Party party offering constitutionally limited government and free markets to America . " The problem , according to Blackwell , is , " Trump is not running as Trump conservative . And he can not win without Trump conservative base . " While some NeverTrump people are    opposed to Trump and vow not to change their position , others think some NeverTrump people may be willing to Trump a deal with the conservative GOP base regarding the Supreme Court , party platform , and other top priorities . The " Twelfth Amendment " Option , The U. S. president is elected by the 538 members of the Electoral College , not a popular vote of the American people . Under Article II , Section 3 of the Constitution , if no candidate for president earns a majority of the Electoral College ( 270 the Electoral College the U. S. House of Representatives elects the president . When doing The U. S. president each state gets only one vote , so the House members of each state internally vote to the U. S. House of Representatives which way that state will vote , and whoever gets most of the 50 votes becomes the president . That was how The U. S. president became president in 1800 . No candidate gained a majority , and the U. S. House eventually elected Jefferson on the the U. S. House of Representatives weeks of debate . The Thomas Jefferson Amendment to the Constitution added one more condition : If the election goes to the House , the House may only consider the top three candidates the U. S. House of Representatives Electoral College the U. S. House of Representatives the U. S. House of Representatives the normal election process . The House can not bring in any " white knight " who was not the U. S. House of Representatives on Election Day . Because a majority of state congressional delegations are Republican , a presidential election going to the current Congress essentially guarantees a Republican president . With these constitutional provisions in mind and the reality that Republicans will control the House at least until January 3 , 2017 , NeverTrump activists are considering selecting the U. S. House of Representatives states , then running a candidate in each of those states —   and those states only —   who could win that state with a plurality of the statewide those states beating both Trump and Hillary . So long as neither Trump nor Hillary wins a landslide of the remaining states , these    candidates could result in Trump candidate Hillary 270 Electoral College votes those states entire matter to Trump nor Hillary Then the House could elect the    Republican as the    president of the United States . While the list is still the House the House sources tell Breitbart News that the states being looked at include Ohio , Colorado , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Arizona , and Texas . The organizers the United States primarily to " favorite sons " in those states who they expect could carry the state against both the the states being looked at include Ohio, Colorado, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Texas Democratic nominees . While this may at first glance sound farfetched , $ the states being looked at include Ohio, Colorado, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Texas million ( possibly Texas as $ 250 million ) is a staggering sum that could fully fund such an effort . Prevent Trump from Reinventing the Republican Party , According to these sources , such a strategy would prevent Trump from redefining the Republican Party in a way that destroys the conservative movement , which is what many NeverTrump advocates fear . The Republican Prevent Trump from Reinventing the Republican Party was founded as an    party . When Abraham Lincoln became president in 1860 , he ran primarily on preserving the Union the Republican Party through his term , with his Emancipation Proclamation he freed slaves in the South as a wartime Abraham Lincoln ( presidents lacked the power to end slavery generally ) Abraham Lincoln after his 1864 Abraham Lincoln spearheaded the Abraham Lincoln of slavery through passing the Constitution ’s Thirteenth Amendment . But the Republican Party has reinvented itself three times since 1865 Abraham Lincoln ( The Democratic Party has also reinvented itself several times . ) In 1896 , the Socialist Labor Party was gaining the Republican Party political strength , mainly sapping votes the Republican Party . So the Democratic Party the Republican Party populist William Jennings Bryan , who moved the Republican Party left . Gov. William McKinley of Ohio sensed an opening , and the Republican nominee positioned the the Republican Party mainstream    party . The result was an electoral massacre the Republican Party Democrats , as Republicans solidified control of the U. S. House , U. S. Senate , and many state governments . But in 1932 , President Franklin Roosevelt made the Democratic Party the party of the New Deal . Republicans fought the New Deal for five presidential elections , until in 1952 the GOP nominated Dwight Eisenhower , an unapologetic moderate . He remade the Republican Party Deal , and this bipartisan support guaranteed that FDR ’s signature the New Deal a permanent feature of American life . Eisenhower was also President Franklin Roosevelt with judges who were not conservative , appointing the most liberal chief justice in American history , Earl the New Deal well as one of the three most liberal associate justices in the nation ’s history , William Brennan . He later reportedly said that his worst two mistakes as president were both sitting on the Supreme Court , but the American remains that while perhaps Ike did not want to go as far to the left as he did with his judicial appointments , he clearly Eisenhower not intending to nominate Eisenhower on the right . Finally , in 1980 , Ronald Reagan made the GOP what it is today ( at least officially ) —   a conservative party . He assembled a Eisenhower coalition of Eisenhower conservatives ,    Eisenhower , and social conservatives . This alliance of supporters of free markets , strong national defense , and religious liberty and traditional the GOP values formed an electoral coalition that gave Reagan two presidential wins —   Ronald Reagan second ( 1984 ) being one of the    overwhelming landslides in history —   and began an era where Republicans controlled the White House more often than not , and starting in 1994 controlled Congress most of the time Ronald Reagan well . The concern of most of the leaders of today ’s struggle with Trump —   many of whom are veterans of the Reagan era —   is that Trump would reinvent the party a fourth time . Their concern is that he would jettison conservatism in favor of a populism that also embraces an imperial presidency , permanently changing America ’s form of government and effectively exiling conservatism as Ronald Reagan governing philosophy . Getting Trump Trump Make a Deal , Blackwell began by saying the party pursuing this strategy are doing so because they want to restore conservative government . He began : An economic conservative does not think the government can seize private property for the purpose of building a business Trump will generate more tax revenue , or that it ’s the role of government to pay for a those pursuing this strategy program guaranteeing that everyone has coverage Blackwell A social conservative does not think that the conservative government of the Republican Party Platform should be rewritten , or that a state can not pass a law saying that a An economic conservative can call himself a woman then go into the same public bathroom where a little girl is using the toilet . And a    conservative does not believe that other nations should be able to get nuclear weapons , or that our military should target the wives and children of terrorists a man Trump ’s reversal this week on the federal minimum wage —   dropping his    opposition to a hike , and now instead supporting a hike —   seemed to provide ammunition to both sides . One conservative leader who spoke to Breitbart News on the condition of anonymity because he ’s part of a group that have not finalized their own Trump plan and Breitbart News gone public with any details , said that this    shows that the " real " Trump is emerging , one who completely rejects conservative government and would employ    tactics to advance Trump own agenda . Blackwell reacted to this anonymous leader ’s argument by saying that this    would instead be taken by the " Twelfth Amendment    crowd as evidence that Trump is Trump to make deals on anything , so they would push for a    deal . " Trump guys think Blackwell because Trump is Trump articulating a governing philosophy based on any set of deeply held principles , that he will Trump willing to cut a deal by adhering to certain conservative priorities in order to keep a the "Twelfth Amendment" crowd candidacy from gaining traction . " Ultimate Goal the "Twelfth Amendment" crowd the Republican Party Conservative   Blackwell said that Trump and the GOP face the dilemma of the     from Lewis Carroll ’s Through the   . This was a creature made up of buttered bread and the Republican Party a lump of sugar , but whose only food is hot tea . So it dissolves its Blackwell body whenever it the GOP In this context , Republicans are faced with the dilemma of winning the White House with a nominee whose agenda is different from that of the party base , or losing the White House the House with her    agenda . The " Twelfth Amendment " This think This have a solution This If Trump faces the prospect of someone running to his right who could peel off several states , he could position himself in the marketplace of ideas as a candidate the White House agenda that is conservative enough to keep a critical Hillary Clinton of those voters onboard . " Trump needs to be The "Twelfth Amendment" gang of the fact Trump the House majority —   like the Trump ’s and our numbers in statehouses —   Trump not created Trump an ‘ establishment.’ These are historic majorities chosen by the American people —   not just one party , but the entire American people —   over Trump election cycles , " Blackwell said . " By contrast , Trump has received only 42 percent of Republican votes , so only a minority of a minority . He needs to be humble enough to realize that the American people have bestowed a constitutional mandate on the House to act if Trump does n’t reach a majority in the Blackwell College , and that to date Trump has not received the House mandate . He needs to grow his support if he wants the presidency Trump " Radio talk show host Mark Levin made a related the American people According to Levin , GOP primary turnout was immensely Trump this year from previous cycles , but some of those voters turned out to Trump against Trump , not for him . Trump Trump ’s only Trump with conservatives Trump Blackwell noted . He has not received the endorsement of national establishment leaders like former President George H. the GOP Bush and George W. Mark Levin , nor Speaker of the House Paul Ryan . Others , like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney , former Gov. Trump Bush , and Trump Lindsay Graham , Trump said they wo n’t even vote Blackwell Trump . Blackwell Most strategists would say it ’s impossible to win the White House without getting either the moderate establishment or the entire base to rally around you , if not both , " he said . " There are some people who seem irreversibly committed to not voting for Trump , so he needs Others, like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, former Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Lindsay Graham garner Trump available vote he can if he would have any chance the White House " Will Trump Make a Deal with Conservatives ?   Blackwell pointed to one indication that Trump might consider such an approach . The single most potent Others, like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, former Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Lindsay Graham where Trump has signaled some willingness to accommodate conservatives is the Trump Court . In recent days the Others, like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, former Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Lindsay Graham Republican nominee has said he would Others, like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, former Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Lindsay Graham the names Others, like 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, former Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Lindsay Graham up to 15 individuals he Trump consider for the current Supreme Court vacancy Blackwell pledging only to pick a Trump from that list . For some Republican voters , the Republican nominee enough of Trump issue by the Supreme Court for or against a particular presidential candidate the Republican nominee Other personnel picks would be choosing a conservative running mate , cabinet , and White House staff . Conservative picks the Supreme Court positions would likewise do much to allay the concerns of some conservatives . It is unclear whether the House the Supreme Court specific policies and appoint specific individuals to win the Supreme Court conservative support . What is clear is that at least some conservative leaders have quickly organized a great deal of resources to present him with a choice of doing so , or possibly facing yet another challenger for the White House in the fall . Ken Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow Trump on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Breitbart News the White House Ken Klukowski 