  ( CNN ) ISIS is spreading " like cancer , " Iran is " the world ’s top sponsor of terrorism , " Russia " is a ruse " and when it comes to North Korea he ’ll " take care of it . " Those were some of US President Donald Trump ’s comments from US President Donald Trump Thursday news conference .    " I inherited a mess , " US President Donald Trump said , in a reference to the Obama administration ’s approach to foreign policy . On Russia : " Fake news . It ’s all fake news "   What US President Donald Trump said :   During the    US President Donald Trump spoke at length about the alleged links between US President Donald Trump administration and Russia . US President Donald Trump roundly dismissed reporting on the subject , criticizing the media for peddling " fake news " while saying the " leaks are real . " US President Donald Trump told journalists the " Russia scam " was something the media was " building so that you do n’t talk about the real subject , which is illegal leaks . " When asked if US President Donald Trump directed former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak , US President Donald Trump said " No , I did n’t . " But US President Donald Trump added US President Donald Trump " would have directed US President Donald Trump to do it " because calling countries and counterparts " was US President Donald Trump job . " Trump also declared " I own nothing in Russia , I have no loans in Russia , I do n’t have any deals in Russia . " On the Russian spy ship that was spotted near the coast of Connecticut , Trump said : " Hopefully , I wo n’t have to do anything , but I ’m not going to tell you . "   Analysis from CNN Correspondent Clare Sebastian in Moscow : As the topic of Russia becomes more and more prominent in the US , the opposite is happening in Russia . Most Russian TV broadcasts barely covered the news conference , a stark contrast to the     coverage of the inaugural phone call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin three weeks ago . As more mixed messages have been coming out of Washington D. C. the official responses and media coverage in Russia have become more muted . On Friday , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Moscow had " more important things " to do than to watch a Trump press conference . When asked by CNN whether Trump , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said : " I would like to remind you that over the period of the last few months , we kept saying that we ’ve never worn    glasses we cherished excessive illusions , " adding " we have nothing to be disappointed we " . On Iran : " We ’re not going to stop " What Trump said : Trump has been a    critic Trump the Iran nuclear deal , calling it Iran one of the worst the Iran nuclear deal I ’ve ever seen drawn by anybody . " In the news conference , he again accused Tehran of taking Trump of the previous administration and labeled Iran the " world ’s top Iran of terrorism . " " We ’re not going to stop until that problem is properly solved . And it ’s not properly solved now that problem it ’s one of the worst that problem I ’ve ever seen drawn by anybody , " he added . Analysis from CNN Trump Fred Pleitgen : The Iranians who support the deal ( moderates around Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif ) say it is not up for debate and that the US can not cancel it unilaterally . They also say it Trump not The Iranians who support the deal (moderates around Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif) it shows that it is good it Iran . Iran ’s Foreign minister says it Iran by the deal but Iran US has to do the the US   There are many in Iran , however , who do n’t like Iran deal     mostly the religious conservatives and hardliners close to the Revolutionary Guard . They say Iran gave up too much for the deal    mostly the religious conservatives and hardliners close to the Revolutionary Guard , Iran they also criticize Trump for Iran rhetoric . the deal    mostly the religious conservatives and hardliners close to the Revolutionary Guard The Iranians hate the Trump " world ’s biggest state sponsor of terrorism " and say the groups they support ( mostly Hamas and Hezbollah ) The Iranians legitimate political groups that do n’t target the US . It is the US that is aiding terrorism , they the US by allowing Al Qaeda and The Iranians to emerge in Iraq and Syria .   On North Korea : ’We’ll take care of it folks’ What Trump said :   Trump offered ’We’ll clarity on his plan to deal Trump Pyongyang other than to Trump : " We ’ll take care of it folks we ’re going to take care of care all We " In response to a question about provocations from Russia , and other issues the President has faced this week , Trump suggested that questions about US strategy would not be answered . " I do n’t have to tell you what I ’m going to do in North Korea , " he said . " And I do n’t have Trump tell you what I ’m going to do with Iran . You know why ? Because they should n’t know . And eventually , you guys are going to get tired of asking that question . " Earlier this week , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un gave orders to test a new ballistic missile , which a North Korean official told CNN was not designed to North Korean neighbors but was a " gift " to honor North Korean leader Kim Jong Un leader Kim Jong Il . Analysis : Writing ahead of Trump ’s press conference , Adam Cathcart , lecturer in Chinese history at the University of Leeds ( United Kingdom ) and the editor of   . com , said Trump has yet to make much of an impact in Trump’s Korea . " Trump has made a great deal of noise since arriving Trump’s office but , paradoxically , his failure to focus on a North Korea policy has Trump’s a small space for progress North Korea the Obama administration considered to be the greatest threat to US security , " according to Cathcart . " North Korean state media is at present keeping its powder dry : it has not yet attacked Donald Trump North Korean state media name or criticized North Korean state media for anything . " On ISIS : ’They’ve spread like Donald Trump What Trump said : During Thursday ’s press conference , Trump said Donald Trump ISIS has " spread like cancer , " Donald Trump that ISIS ISIS " another mess " he had inherited from Obama ISIS administration . He told the Donald Trump that US Defense Secretary James Mattis was Donald Trump over there " working on a plan " for the defeat of ISIS . " Mattis is currently attending the Munich Security Conference ISIS US Vice US Defense Secretary James Mattis Mike Pence . Trump also added that ISIS " used to be a small group , now it ISIS in large sections of the world . " Analysis Trump CNN ’s Tim Lister : What Trump did n’t mention was that ISIS as a group and Trump " state " has lost ISIS lot of potency since the middle of 2015     a reversal of its initial expansion in the Middle East . The extremist group Trump lost more than half its territory in a group and a "state" . Their stronghold of Raqqa is under a group and a "state" and they ’ve lost half of a group and a "state" key Iraqi city of Mosul . They a group and a "state" lost footholds in Libya and their main sources of revenue have a group and a "state" destroyed . However , they are a group and a "state" to refashion themselves as an insurgency , a classic terror a group and a "state" by establishing a presence a group and a "state" the jungles of the Philippines to the deserts of Chad . They are still encouraging terror attacks in Europe and the US but have a group and a "state" less ability to direct and organize such attacks than in 2015 . Essentially ISIS is not spreading     as in gaining territory     and is instead looking for new opportunities for its brand far from its core holdings . 
 ISIS ISIS 