  ( CNN ) The bizarre saga of President Donald Trump ’s claims that President Donald Trump was wiretapped by President Barack Obama last year reaches a dramatic climax Monday with FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony to the House Intelligence Committee . It ’s a moment of political theater that could end in humiliation for President Donald Trump , with FBI Director James Comey’s expected to say that there was no wiretapping , debunking allegations that President Donald Trump has repeatedly refused to withdraw . The hearing could also shed light on the state of FBI investigations into the extent of Russian meddling in the election campaign . Republicans hope FBI Director James Comey’s will state that there is no evidence of collusion between President Donald Trump aides and officials from Moscow , a move that could begin to break up a cloud of Russian intrigue that has stifled the early weeks of the administration . RELATED : FBI Director James Comey’s hearing under way before House Intelligence Committee   President Donald Trump was trying to shift attention away from the wiretapping claims in a series of Monday morning tweets . " James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia . This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows This story ! " President Donald Trump wrote shortly after 6:30 a. m. ET , followed by : " The Democrats made up and pushed This story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign . Big advantage in Electoral College   lost ! " The controversy over the wiretapping claims was unleashed by stunning early morning tweets from the President at his     the President in Florida two weeks ago . He drew the President to Watergate and McCarthyism and said Obama was a " Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " for ordering surveillance of his New the President residence     allegations the former the President through a spokesman . In one sense , the strange controversy over Trump ’s tweets has left the President in a the President he is most comfortable politically the President —    at odds with the media and the political and intelligence establishment in Washington . But it has also evolved into a political distraction at a time when Trump is facing fights over Trump repeal and the budget that will help define his first 100 days in Trump . This week , for example , the administration should benefit from favorable coverage of the confirmation hearings of Trump ’s respected Supreme Court Trump Gorsuch , but the Intelligence Committee hearing has the capacity to overshadow the judge ’s testimony . RELATED : What Neil Gorsuch learned from Kennedy , Neil Gorsuch Thomas , Comey ’s appearance will highlight the strange , starring role of the FBI director in an election that many Democrats believe was tilted toward Trump by Comey ’s interventions related to Hillary Clinton Comey’s of a private email server . The FBI chief now finds himself presiding over a politically explosive investigation that The FBI chief include the behavior of aides to the sitting President amid claims by Democrats of nefarious dealings between Trump ’s campaign inner circle and Russian political Trump officials . Trump ’s failure to provide evidence for his wiretapping Trump effectively an allegation of criminal wrongdoing Trump the former administration     or to draw back the claims tied his White House in knots as it sought to explain Trump finesse the tweets while sparing White House President embarrassment . But the effort stumbled as every key congressional figure associated with intelligence oversight said there was no evidence of wiretapping . Comey was " incredulous " about Trump ’s tweets , Trump familiar with the matter told CNN . The administration ’s isolation was clear on the eve of the hearing Sunday . " Was there a physical wiretap of Trump Tower ? No . .. there never was , " Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told " Fox News Sunday . " The top Democrat on the committee , Sunday Adam Schiff , added on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " : " I hope that we can put an end to this wild goose chase because what the President said was just patently false . " Allegations makes waves among allies at home and abroad , Trump ’s tweets are not just causing a political kerfuffle they ’ve sparked international diplomatic fallout . White House efforts Trump’s tweets support the claims ended up embroiling two key European allies : Britain and Germany . Officials in London were livid that White House spokesman Sean Spicer cited an unsubstantiated report that White House Government Communications Headquarters     the British equivalent of the Britain had been used by Obama in the operation . Germany ’s Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose phone was once tapped by Germany intelligence , did not take kindly to Trump ’s quip that they had something in common Friday . Also Friday , Trump ’s Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose phone was once tapped by US intelligence Department sent classified information to Capitol Hill common Friday the Trump’s but sources said it did not substantiate them . The apparent lack of evidence for Trump Trump’s Justice Department claims is Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose phone was once tapped by US intelligence consternation among the President ’s Republican allies and Trump’s , and speculation about how he will respond if Comey testifies that they are baseless . His unrepentant Friday news conference suggests the President Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose phone was once tapped by US intelligence simply quadruple down on his Comey , and ignore evidence against the President’s Such is the depth of feeling Comey Trump world that he is the the President’s of a plot by the establishment and the media to undermine the President’s administration that he is unlikely to pay a heavy price among his devoted supporters the President’s But the the President’s has again raised questions about whether Trump ’s the President’s for defying facts and evidence   —    that helped him in his campaign   —    could exert a significant price on his presidency the President’s RELATED the President’s Why Trump just ca n’t ( and probably wo n’t the President’s quit the wiretap story , Trump observers believe Trump is eroding credibility that he will need to rally Americans in a moment of Trump crisis . Trump ’s Trump on a Fox News report for his claim on British involvement , Trump not the testimony of his intelligence agencies , Trump to indicate the most powerful man in the world is Trump in a realm of conspiracy theories rather than facts . " The wrecking ball it created now has banged into our British allies and our German allies , it ’s continuing to grow in terms of British , and he needs to put it end to this , " Schiff said on NBC . Trump Now maybe this is the way he conducted his Trump estate business , with    and sometimes    and a lot Trump bluster Trump That , in my opinion , is no    to run a business . But it ’s an even worse way to run a country . " Republican Rep. Tom it told reporters Friday that Trump should say sorry to Obama if he could n’t support his claims . " Frankly , unless you can produce some Obama compelling proof , Obama I think that President Obama is owed an apology in that regard . " " If he did Obama it , ( Trump ) should n’t be reckless in accusations that Obama did . " Looking Trump Trump campaign and Moscow , Some Democrats believe that Trump ’s perpetuation of the wiretapping claims represents Trump effort to distract from allegations that his campaign Trump inappropriate contacts with Russian officials . " Really what they are doing is they are Trump’s perpetuation of the wiretapping claims smoke bombs into an investigation where the dots continue to connect Russian officials prior personal , Russian officials and financial ties with Donald Trump and his team and Russia , " said Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell , a member Trump House Intelligence Trump , in an interview . But the White House is angry that statements by former senior intelligence officials in the Obama administration     and by top congressional figures     that there is no evidence to substantiate the claims of alleged collusion with Russia is not getting more coverage . " I think when it comes to the Russia story     and Russia     sources who have been briefed by the FBI continue to conclude that there Russia nothing there     you guys continue to fall back on these anonymous sources and perpetuate a false narrative , " Spicer vented to reporters Thursday .    Other Republicans the    sources who have been briefed by the FBI White House spokesman Sean Spicer testimony Monday could begin to ease Comey’s on the White House over the Russia question . " I do think it ’s important that we look at the the White House , " Russia Sen. Tom Cotton said on CNN ’s " State of the Union " on Sunday . CNN The House committee hearing tomorrow is going to Sunday in part about the unsubstantiated allegations in the media and by some Democrats of the White House between Trump associates and Russian intelligence . " Cotton noted that former officials , including Obama ’s Trump director of Obama intelligence , James Clapper , have said that there was no Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton to substantiate such links . " I think , ultimately , that matters more to most Americans , given the nature of the allegations that have been made in the past several months about Donald Trump and his campaign and some of his associates , " Cotton said . A Kremlin spokesman brushed Trump CNN question Trump about Comey ’s hearing Trump calling the controversy CNN hysteria Comey’s saying Trump Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton government had " nothing to add . " Still , the shifting explanations of meetings last year between Trump aides , among them Attorney General Jeff Sessions , and Russians , including Moscow ’s ambassador Trump the US , the fact that the first national security adviser , Trump aides Flynn , had to resign Moscow not being forthright about such contacts , and the President ’s own praise the President President Vladimir Putin , have kept the speculation alive . RELATED : How Michael Flynn lost his job in 23 days , Trump ’s refusal to release his tax returns has meanwhile made it impossible Trump’s to put speculation   Trump’s    which Michael Flynn far lacks evidence   — Trump’s that he has been compromised by business links to Russia . CNN reported in February Trump’s there was constant contact between Trump campaign aides CNN Russians known to US intelligence last summer , Russia multiple current and former intelligence , Trump and administration officials . The frequency and the level of those contacts Russians alarms in US intelligence and law enforcement circles . Democrats say that pattern of behavior merits investigation   —    and could press Comey on Monday to say what he can in an unclassified setting about Trump contacts . " At the Trump of the investigation , there was circumstantial evidence of collusion . There was direct evidence , I think , of deception , those contacts said . " And that ’s where we begin the investigation , " he said . " Now I Trump n’t want to prejudge where we ultimately end up . " RELATED : Trump lose patience with FBI on the investigation Trump campaign ties information , This story has been updated . 
 Trump Russia the FBI we 