  ( CNN ) Samantha Taylor was at Orlando ’s Jewish Community Center for a morning meeting when Samantha Taylor heard reports of a bomb threat crackle from the director ’s   .   Samantha Taylor daughter attends preschool there Samantha Taylor ran to the classroom and evacuated with the students and teachers .   While police and    dogs searched the building for several hours , the teachers kept the children calm and happy at a safe spot down the street , Samantha Taylor said . No explosives were found .   On the same day , January 4 , an Orlando Chabad center also received a threatening call , marking the first trickle in what would soon swell to waves of calls menacing Jewish institutions across the country .   In all , 48 JCCs in 26 states and one Canadian province received nearly 60 bomb threats during January , according to the JCCA , an association of JCCs . Most were made in rapid succession on three days : January 9 , 18 and 31 . A number of JCCs , including Orlando ’s , received multiple threats . On February 20 , another wave of bomb threats hit 11 JCCs across the country , bringing the total to 68 incidents targeting 53 JCCs , according to the JCCA .   That night , Ivanka Trump , who converted to Judaism , tweeted : " America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance . We must protect We houses of worship   religious centers . # JCC " . Ivanka Trump was the first member of the Trump family to comment on the bomb threats . The next day , Ivanka Trump denounced the JCC bomb threats and   . " The    threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil , " Trump said after Ivanka Trump tour of the National Museum of African American Museum and Culture .    In a statement , the FBI said the bureau and the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division are " investigating possible civil rights violations in connections with threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country . "    The Simon Wiesenthal Center has urged Attorney General Jeff Sessions to appoint a special task force to catch the culprit , or culprits , behind the bomb threats . " The multipronged threats of    today demand concerted action , " said Rabbis Marvin Hier and Abraham Cooper , of the Simon Wiesenthal The Simon Wiesenthal Center Jewish human rights organization .   The Council on    Relations offered a $ 5 , 000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of people behind the threats .   The JTA the bomb threats Jewish news agency , says it has obtained a recording of one The JTA, a Jewish news agency the calls . On it , the caller says a    The JTA, a Jewish news agency has The JTA, a Jewish news agency in the JCC and that " a large number of Jews are going to be slaughtered . "   Several JCC sources said the FBI has told them the JCC is investigating the calls as hate Several JCC sources the FBI Online , another term has circulated : " telephone terrorism . "   " I ’ve been in the business for    years , and this is unprecedented , " said Paul Goldenberg , national director of the Secure Community Network , which advises Jewish organizations on security .   " It ’s more methodical than meets the eye . "   No bombs have been found , but Jewish leaders hesitate to label the calls " hoaxes . " The chaos and terror the calls have caused are real , as the calls tangible consequences .   JCCs across the country are bolstering security and holding town halls to calm frightened parents . Still , several centers have seen students withdraw from their early childhood education programs , typically reliable sources several centers revenue . As a result , some are slashing budgets , cutting staff and holding emergency fundraisers .   In Orlando ’s JCC , 50 students have been withdrawn from its day care and preschool . In Albany , JCC York , 12 families have removed their children . " If we happen to be 12 families the list again , " said Adam Chaskin , director of Albany ’s JCC , " that number 12 is Albany to grow . " Meanwhile , JCC members have commiserated on social media , sharing poignant pictures of evacuation cribs left in frozen parking lots and teachers herding children to safety .   Some parents wondered why the threats had not garnered more media attention and lamented the spike in hate crimes seemingly incited by the divisive 2016 presidential campaign .   Others have agonized about whether to withdraw their children from JCC schools and cringed when they Others a text JCC alert on their phones Others    " Everywhere I went I Others my phone out front and center , " said Taylor , a     mother of three . " It was like : OK , when is it going to happen again ? "   A It on edge   Like YMCAs , Jewish Community Centers pride themselves on being open to all members of all Jewish Community Centers , and a fair number of their students are not Jewish .   But for Jewish Community Centers Jews , JCCs are n’t just about schools and swimming lessons . They ’re hubs of Jewish social life : places where their children learn Jewish history , their families celebrate They parties , and one of their children few spots where Jews of all denominations put aside their religious and political differences .   " So Jews of all denominations of being Jewish is built around community , " said Jordana Horn , a mother of six in New Jersey whose children and parents both frequent the local JCC . " Everything from prayer to mourning to celebration you need to have a community around you . You need to have a place where everyone can gather . " For secular Jews , the JCC may be one of the few institutional the local JCC knowledge about Jewish culture and tradition .   Daniel Mauser and Kristina Kasper , who live in San Diego with their two children , do n’t belong to a local Daniel Mauser and Kristina Kasper, who live in San Diego with their two children but send their son to a JCC preschool . It ’s the Daniel Mauser and Kristina Kasper, who live in San Diego with their two children in the area , they said .   Still , they know that the Daniel Mauser and Kristina Kasper, who live in San Diego with their two children , which received a bomb Daniel Mauser and Kristina Kasper, who live in San Diego with their two children on January 31 , comes with risks . " Even though it ’s a wonderful environment , I know that , in sending my son to a Jewish preschool , it ’s a their son " said Kasper , a former it York City schoolteacher .   Not all of the threats against JCCs in recent memory have been empty .   In 2014 , a white supremacist murdered two people outside a Jewish Community Center in Overland Park , Kansas . In 2006 , a man fired shots at the Jewish Federation of Seattle , killing one woman and injuring five others . Five years before that , another man opened fire at the JCC in Granada Hills , California , wounding five people , including a     boy .    In 2014 and 2015 the FBI tallied more than 1 , 270 hate crime incidents targeting Jews , far more than any other religious groups , and some Jewish leaders say the situation is getting worse .   In the past several months , synagogues and schools have been vandalized , swastikas have been scrawled in New York City subway cars and Jewish families have been harassed by   . " We are in a volatile and    threat environment , " said Jonathan Greenblatt of the    League . " The Jewish community has been on edge . "   Little is known about the calls themselves . Goldenberg , the security adviser , says the caller uses sophisticated    technology . It ’s difficult to discern if it ’s a male or female voice , or how old It caller is .   " They could be 15 or 60 years old . These masking it’s a male or female voice, or how old the caller is are very effective . "    Chillingly , the perpetrator also uses technology to make the calls seem as if they ’re coming from within the the calls themselves .   ’How serious the calls themselves it?’ The photo of the worried woman pushing an evacuation crib outside the Albany JCC     that ’s the image that roiled Kveller . com ’s Facebook group for mothers , said Deborah Kolben , editor of the Jewish parenting website .    Since the threats began , Kveller has run at least five columns about them . Some of Kveller writers are distraught . " Did the Kveller who decided to call in a bomb threat wish it was real ? " asked one mother . " Did they think about my babies and wish that they could really blow the people who decided to call in a bomb threat up ? " Others columnists were more the people who decided to call in a bomb threat . " I the people who decided to call in a bomb threat not scared to be a proud Jewish mother in the United States of America in 2017 , " wrote Jordana Horn , " and neither should you be . " Other Jewish mothers say they do n’t know what to make of the bomb threats the bomb threats Other Jewish mothers should react .   " The question is : How serious is it Other Jewish mothers " said Elissa Strauss , a parenting columnist for Slate whose son attends a JCC preschool . " That ’s what I , as a JCC and a parent , am trying to work out . I do n’t think I have a clear understanding of what I ’m supposed to do right now , besides not give in . "   Strauss said the relative lack of media coverage about the threats adds to her perplexity . She ’s not alone : " 48 the threats Jewish Centers Received Bomb Threats in her Month , " ran a headline in Haaretz . " ’Why Is No One Talking About This ? ’ " Parents are asking : Is it because no bombs have exploded ? Because the protection of children is seen primarily as a " women ’s issue " ? Because Trump ’s chaotic Ivanka Trump administration dominates news cycles ? Or because JCC leaders are trying to quiet the story for fear of panicking parents and losing students ?   Ivy Harlev , director of the JCC in Wilmington , Delaware , which received two bomb threats last month , says she is " torn " about whether more media should have covered the threats . " I do n’t want that kind of negative attention , but the threats to make sure that people know that we are a secure place , and that we have the support of local law enforcement . "   Like many JCCs that have we threats , Harlev ’s quickly assembled a town hall so parents could question administrators , local police and FBI representatives . Two families the FBI to withdraw their children from the JCC ’s early childhood education program , Harlev said the JCC Albany , Two families and elsewhere , JCC staffers have tried to bolster security Harlev and Orlando parents’ peace of JCC     by closing entrances , blocking phone calls from unknown numbers and posting bollards to block vehicles from getting close to their buildings .   At least one family was satisfied by the changes .   For nearly four years , Melissa Braillard , a mother of two in Orlando , had sent her children to the JCC . She knew and Orlando the teachers , the administrators the JCC other parents and their children .   " her feel like I had a support system , and people cared for us the teachers "   But after the third bomb threat and weeks of worrying , Braillard removed her children from the JCC . " I need to keep my kids safe , " the JCC at the Braillard   A few weeks later , though , Braillard agreed to return to the her JCC to see its security improvements . She came away impressed . the JCC son Braillard be starting kindergarten soon at another school anyway , Braillard is not returning Braillard the JCC . But Braillard planned Braillard    her daughter . On March 8 , the the JCC is her son a fundraiser , where it hopes to raise Braillard 200 , 000 Braillard the JCC even for the year . It has the JCC found three donors to match donations , potentially quadrupling the windfall . Meanwhile , parents like Taylor the JCC the mother who witnessed the first bomb threat , are determined to keep the doors open . " Our JCC is n’t going anywhere , " she said , " and that ’s the most important message . the JCC the JCC the JCC 