LOS ANGELES   —    As customers swarmed her small grocery store on Westwood Boulevard , Minoo Yousefi hurriedly set out more bunches of hyacinths and tulips . This was one of the busiest times of year , with Nowruz , the Persian New Year and celebration of the first day of spring , just days away . And as her had done for decades , Minoo Yousefi had already begun preparing the special dishes of herbed rice and lamb to serve her family . But this the Persian New Year would be missing . her mother and brother would not join the celebration . They are Her mother and brother in Iran , their visas Her mother and brother —    meant to bring them here Her mother and brother time for Nowruz festivities , which begin on Monday   —    canceled two days after the Trump administration ’s initial travel ban went into effect at the end of January . They briefly Her mother and brother trying again when the ban the Trump administration’s initial travel ban , but decided against it when they the Trump administration’s initial travel ban Her mother and brother new ban would come soon . For hundreds of    in Southern California , who traditionally travel back and forth to be with family for Nowruz ,    plans and family gatherings have been disrupted because of uncertainty over the ban . the Trump administration’s initial travel ban were scheduled around the holiday have been postponed , and elderly relatives are fearful they will never see elderly relatives grandchildren again . elderly relatives many members of the diaspora , this is the first time since arriving in the United States after the Iranian revolution of 1979 that they feel that they can not risk they the country for fear they will not be they to return . " This is so sad , it ’s just crazy , " Ms. Yousefi said . She has been here Ms. Yousefi 35 years and became a citizen decades ago . She has helped her Ms. Yousefi , who Ms. Yousefi in her 90s , travel Ms. Yousefi Los Angeles almost a dozen times . " We do n’t know what we will do , We she added . " Ms. Yousefi mother is old . She is going to My mother away soon . My daughter may not be able to see her again , and My mother would kill her . This is My mother to be a time of celebration , but I am so anxious . " The Los Angeles region has Los Angeles Iranian diaspora in the world , with a population in the tens of thousands . With signs in Farsi on almost every storefront , a strip of Westwood Boulevard is officially deemed Persian Square , and residents sometimes refer to the city as Tehrangeles . The families here are close knit and represent a powerful sector politically and economically . They are part of one The families here the most educated immigrant groups , with many working in academia , medicine , real estate and technology . The population is diverse and complex though most are Democrat , there is a significant Jewish segment that supported Donald J. Trump , believing he would take a more Donald J. Trump approach with the Iranian government . As    prepare to commemorate Nowruz , a widely celebrated ancient secular holiday that marks the spring equinox with elaborate symbolic spreads , or    the chatter has focused less on recipes and more on exchanging stories about thwarted travel plans and relatives stuck in limbo . Many fled Iran after the revolution , which ushered in the Islamic Republic , or during the    war with Iraq that followed . And for them , the travel ban is a frightening reminder of religious rule by the authoritarian government they left behind . " them is America , where we came for freedom , " Ms. Yousefi said . " We have mullahs in Iran . We do not need that We . " A running joke among Iranians here is that when they arrived in the United States , they did not unpack their they , because they they to go back they believing that the religious government would grow moderate . But many are now raising a third generation of    children , and the ban feels like a stinging rebuke . While traveling back to Iran is costly , many Iranians in the United States consider themselves the United States so , not many Iranians in the United States to visit relatives but also to keep their children connected to Persian culture . many Iranians in the United States to give up on plans to someday return , some older residents have kept property in Iran . Mohebat Azimpour , 70 , Iran he still maintained a life in Isfahan , in central Iran . He is a green Iran Iran had he to go back this week to try to sell his house and to celebrate the holiday with he sisters . But he canceled his trip he worried that he he not he allowed back into the he States . He traveled from his home in Austin , he . to he Angeles to visit his daughter and her family instead . " he my friends and family there were waiting for me to be there this New Year , but everyone agrees it ’s best for me to wait , " Mr. Azimpour said . " I ’m concerned that my retirement is in jeopardy if I do n’t go back soon . I have so much at stake in Iran , I do n’t have a choice . I have to go even if it ’s hard . " For the past two months , customers have come in distraught to see Farhad Besharati , who has owned the ATT Vacation travel agency in Persian Square for 25 years . Most of his clients are elderly green card holders who were horrified to see people like themselves detained in airports for days , he said . Roughly 70 percent of the his he had booked for this month were canceled his he said . Fearful of losing repeat customers his feeling guilty that the flights were nonrefundable , Mr. Besharati returned the flights he had booked for this month anyway , losing his $ 100 , 000 , he said . " They are all scared , his Mr. Besharati said . their They do n’t want his stuck . They do n’t their their parents stuck here . " He their been trying to their customers that it is his to travel . But his advice has done little to quell their fears . his Even if you are following the news , you can not understand what is happening , " he said . " They all worry they will never his able to see family members again , They all homes again . " Perhaps , Mr. Besharati said , family members will calm down by the his another peak travel season to Iran . Not everyone is as optimistic . Typically , at least half of the nearly 250 Iranian graduate students at the University of California , Irvine , return home for Nowruz , but this year none of them are daring to leave campus , said Touraj Daryaee , a professor who runs the Center for Persian Studies there . He is organizing an international conference at the college scheduled for next Touraj Daryaee, a professor who runs the Center for Persian Studies there . But many of the scholars , including Iranians living in other countries , have said they are not willing to risk traveling to the United States . them is now considering moving the event to Canada . " People Touraj Daryaee, a professor who runs the Center for Persian Studies there all horrified with dismay , we thought that relationships were improving , " Professor Daryaee said . " Instead , we are all paranoid and scared . The student visas do not come with any promise of getting in again . " Even    citizens are on edge . Farideh Farrohi , 69 , had planned to go to Tehran with her son this month . But she and her son , who was born in Los Angeles and her a her student , canceled their plans because he was worried about the current climate . Ms. she and her son, who was born in Los Angeles and is a medical student, said she her son go with or without him this summer . " What Ms. Farrohi the worst that can happen her son me   —    they insult me ? " she said over lunch at a Persian cafe . " They have Ms. Farrohi insulted all of us with these absurd rules . they The change in immigration and visa laws has altered the Nowruz celebrations in more subtle ways , too . Sahinaz Safari has been attending the Persian Alumni Association ’s holiday events at Stanford University for years , which usually feature talks from successful entrepreneurs or cultural experts . This year , participants heard from the executive director of the Northern California chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union , and information booths with immigration lawyers were set up . " It ’s not just about culture , " Ms. Safari , an    graduate student , said . " It ’s now also asking what we can do as a community It what we should be doing to take a risk and fight back . we 
 