’   ’ "    GOP leadership pulled GOP bill to overhaul the US healthcare    system from what looked almost certain to be a failed floor vote    in the House on Friday , in a blow to President Donald Trump ’s    agenda and the House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s leadership of Paul Ryan caucus . " ’    It was pulled after It became clear that Republicans   Republicans bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , the law    formally known as the Affordable Care Act . ’ ’    In a    effort on Friday , Republican leaders attempted    to wrangle the needed votes to pass the bill after delaying the    vote on Thursday . ’ ’    But around 3 p. m. Ryan told Trump that Ryan did not have the    votes . The president asked Ryan to pull the bill from the floor , a    House GOP leadership aide told Business Insider . The the   vote    been expected at 3:30 p. m. ’ ’    Trump   " I don’’t blame Paul . Ryan    Trump had Trump   earlier in the day that Ryan should keep his job Trump   if the the bill to fail . Trump also told Trump   that the bill the bill be readdressed anytime soon . ’ ’’ "    The New York Times’ Maggie Haberman also reported that Trump told    her healthcare Trump   now the The New York Times’ Maggie Haberman problem and that he thought    they would The New York Times’ Maggie Haberman ready to Trump told   her healthcare was now the Democrats’ problem and that he thought    when Obamacare failed . " ’    In a press conference after the bill was pulled , the bill   would not be readdressed anytime soon    Republicans " came up short " and called it a " disappointing day . " ’ ’    Democrats cheered the failure of the bill , saying it was the bill   would not be readdressed anytime soon news for people who were projected to lose their insurance if the    bill were Democrats become law the bill   would not be readdressed anytime soon    " Today is a great day for our country , " said House Minority    Leader Nancy Pelosi . " What happened on the floor is a victory for    the American people . " ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ascribed the failure to the    president . ’ ’    " So much for the Art of the Deal , " he said in a statement ,    referring to the   president ’s famous business book . ’ ’    " Ultimately , the Trumpcare bill failed because of two traits that    have plagued the Trump presidency since he took    :    incompetence and broken promises    " Schumer said    " In my life , I    have never seen an administration as incompetent as    one    occupying the White House today . " ’ "    House GOP leadership had faced opposition from both hardline    conservatives and moderates , making the bill ’s passage untenable . " ’    Republican leaders appeared to concede on Thursday that they did    not have the votes necessary to " ’   Republican leaders the bill . But Trump pushed    for a the bill   to House Republicans on       night . Trump , via a message delivered by    of Management Trump    Budget Director Mick Mulvaney , said he would move onto other    priorities if the caucus Trump to pass the bill    The gambit did    not appear to persuade many to change their votes    ’ "    Conservatives in the   the caucus the AHCA did not go far    enough in its repeal of Obamacare because it kept some of the the AHCA law ’s more popular the AHCA . Moderates , on the other hand , had    said the AHCA did not fix the problems of Obamacare and the AHCA repealing the law ’s    essential health Obamacare   —    a the   law of the Freedom Caucus   —    . " ’    Republican leaders were ultimately unable to bridge the gap    between the two sides . ’ "    The failure of the bill is a blow to both Ryan and Trump , setting    back their ambitious political agenda despite the GOP ’s control    of the    and both houses of Congress . " ’    For Ryan , it represented a failure of the GOP to use its Ryan    majority in the House since the GOP’s to its advantage the GOP’s Ryan     that " when this thing comes to the the 1920s floor Ryan have 218 " votes . ’ ’    For Trump , it served as the first major legislative setback in    his young presidency . Trump had promised during his campaign to    repeal and Trump Obamacare on " Trump One , " Trump he said shortly    before his inauguration that . ’ "    Ryan and Trump will likely regroup to Trump on the rest of their    agenda , Trump tax reform and Trump ’s budget . " ’GOP Ryan and Trump its bill to overhaul the . Trump ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 ’GOP 