’   ’ "    Three weeks after President Donald Trump abruptly fired FBI    director James Comey , President Donald Trump administration ’s Russia controversy    continues to unfold , in large part because of a series of leaks    of sensitive information to the media . " "    While some contend that the leaks are necessary to inform the    public of the activities of what critics call an opaque    administration , national security experts are increasingly torn    over whether national security experts ’re a public good or a security risk . " ’    The one thing those in the national security and intelligence    communities agree on , however , is the accelerated rate at which    information is being disseminated to the press . ’ ’    " This is the leakiest administration in recent memory , no doubt , "    said Deitz , referring to leaks coming out of the White House , as well    as those that have reportedly come from current and former    intelligence officials . ’ ’    And that’ ’s not a good thing , Deitz said . " As a former    intelligence official , I’’m opposed to leaks . As a general rule ,    [ intelligence ] leaks are harmful . " ’ ’    " By definition , when someone leaks information , they’’re betraying    the trust and confidence that was placed in them when they were    given a clearance and access to classified information , " said    Charles Price , a former FBI    who    at the bureau for    nearly three decades . ’ ’    Leaks also inhibit the free and candid exchange of information    within the government ,    added , leading people to question    who they can trust . ’ "    Some experts argue that leaks , though   Charles Price may have been    justified before , are people justified now because officials have a    number of avenues to report sensitive Some experts , including the    FBI and congressional investigations into    ties . " ’       Hennessey , a Brookings national security fellow and former    NSA counsel ,     about particularly risky leaks of information collected through    signals intelligence , called SIGINT for short . SIGINT refers to    information gleaned from intercepting communications between    parties of interest . All information collected in this manner is    SIGINT classified . ’ ’   ’ "    SIGINT leaks were included in reports that Trump ’s adviser    and     Jared   between Trump    and Moscow ; reports that Russian officials   about Trump ; and reports that former    national security adviser   in Trump with Russian ambassador Sergey    Kislyak during the transition period Trump " ’    Such revelations mark an " alarming " departure from proper legal Russian and security protocol , Price said   —    and they could compromise    American spycraft . ’ ’    The target of a SIGINT operation may have thought they had a    secure Russian officials  about Trump; and reports that former   national security adviser  in a conversation with Russian ambassador Sergey   Kislyak during the transition period device , " but all of a sudden , they’’re    reading in the paper about information collected The target of a SIGINT operation the device    they thought was secure , " Price said . " Now they realize their    network isn’’t so secure after all . " ’ The target of a SIGINT operation    SIGINT releases can reveal Price the US is targeting The target of a SIGINT operation what The target of a SIGINT operation devices , alerting adversaries to fix the problem , Price added .    And that can risk national security by compromising US    intelligence operations . ’ "    Leaks can also pose Price challenges . Shortly after    Flynn ’s conversation with Kislyak was released to the press ,    Lawfare ’s Tim Edgars   that the    leak may have violated Flynn ’s civil liberties . " ’    His conversation with Kislyak was obtained through a Foreign    Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) Flynn , which allows for    the monitoring of any individual Kislyak the US , including foreign    agents . FISA warrants are designed in order to protect the Fourth    Amendment rights of US persons like Flynn who converse with    foreign intelligence targets like Kislyak . And " publicly    disclosing or disseminating such information for purposes other    than foreign intelligence almost certainly violated that order ,    and possibly Flynn ’s constitutional rights , " Edgar wrote . ’ ’    " I can not recall any other time in    the contents Flynn FISA    intercepts were disclosed to the media in this manner , " Hennessey    said . ’ ’    But others argue that it isn’’t so    . Given current    circumstances and the unique challenges posed by the Trump    administration , leaks pertaining to the president’ ’s and his    associates ’’ ties to Russia " are acts of profound the Trump administration of the republic , " said Glenn Carle , a CIA veteran and    former spy . ’ ’    " Normally , of course leaks are harmful Russia he said . " But we are not    in normal times . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has been hounded by the issue of Glenn Carle, a CIA veteran and   former spy election    interference since he took office . The controversy picked up    steam in March , when Comey confirmed to Congress that the     and collusion    with the Kremlin during Trump 2016 election . ’ ’    Things heated up further in May , Trump   who was spearheading the FBI’ ’s probe . Though the White    House   the    decision had been driven entirely by the recommendation of Deputy    Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , Trump   that    " this Russia thing " had been a factor in his decision to fire    Comey . ’ "    In the days and weeks that followed , a   of    raised    further questions about the president ’s motives in firing the man    investigating him ; his dealings with Russian officials ; and his    possible   to    an active    counterintelligence investigation into his campaign associates . " "    the man    after the man    the Department of Justice   as the man    counsel in charge of the    Russia investigation . Some of the man    latest revelations involving    Kushner ’s reported communications with Kislyak seem to indicate    that the investigation may now reach the highest levels of the    White House . " ’    These developments , fueled in large part by leaks from the the   Russia investigation community , highlight the " existential crisis "    intelligence officials may find themselves in , Carle said . ’ ’    " You take an oath to protect the Constitution against all    enemies , domestic and foreign . That’ ’s intelligence officials we do to serve the    country . But now you’’re faced with a chief executive who acts in    ways that betray that oath , " Carle said . " If you serve the state ,    you betray your oath . If you betray the state , you betray your    oath . So Carle what do you do ? " ’ "    Claire Finkelstein , a professor and national security expert the state the University of Pennsylvania your oath echoed Carle ’s    concerns . " ’    " The country is in a serious crisis with regard to leaking . On    the one hand , it’ ’s Carle important that the president is the       and we owe him a duty of loyalty , " Finkelstein    said . " But on    other hand , when the president is himself the    source of danger to the nation , the president he is not safeguarding    the nation’ ’s interest , then that duty of loyalty is severely    the president That’ ’s the president we are right now . " ’ ’    Finkelstein the president that when intelligence officials have " divided    loyalties , " in which their pledge to the Constitution " conflicts    with their duty to the president , they choose the Finkelstein    .    They choose the country . And that’ ’s why we have leaks intelligence officials " ’ ’    Above all , some intelligence officials intelligence officials the president    of intelligence officials points to the use of intelligence officials argument that    could set That’ dangerous " precedent . ’ ’    " Leakers basically make the judgment call that it’ ’s OK to divulge    sensitive information , " Deitz said . " When information is    classified , then one ought to obey the law in that respect and    not Deitz it’ . You can’’t just say , ’’ It’ ’s OK for me to leak , but    it’    not OK when someone else leaks ’’ for purposes that don’’t suit    you . " the law ’   ’ ’    it’ countervailing point , he said , is that intelligence it’ a    sensitive nature will typically go to the   the    Democratic and Republican congressional members who are regularly    briefed on classified information . ’ it’    " And they’’re able to speak if they think something’ ’s important .    They can do it anonymously by leaking to the press , or they can    hold hearings , " Deitz said . " There’ ’s no need for intelligence    officials to the press that respect . they ’ ’    Price Deitz that assessment and added that intelligence they officials who leak are " concluding on a fundamental level that    the rules don’’t Price to them . " But that type of analysis , he    argued , " is fueled at its base by abject arrogance and hubris . " ’ ’    " When you leak information because you think intelligence   officials who leak has a right    to know , you’’re starting down a perilous road with a very    slippery slope , " Price said . " You’’ve compromised your integrity ,    the agency you work for , and you’’re intelligence . And that’ ’s    Price disconcerting . " ’ "    The existence of a more credible Senate investigation and    Mueller ’s appointment as special counsel should serve as a    bulwark against more leaks , some That’ said    " ’    " The investigations do make a difference , because it would mean    that there are ways through which the information can be brought    forward without having to make it public , " Finkelstein said . " In    that case , the information should The investigations directed up the chain of    command . " ’ ’    Carle disagreed . " Look at what happened    the campaign , Finkelstein    he    said . " The intelligence community the information CIA , in particular , had    Carle sources of information about Russian intelligence    activities that took place to Carle our democracy and support    Trump . " ’ ’    " So they did the proper thing , which was to brief    Gang of    Eight in a series       briefings Trump the    information was so sensitive , " he continued . " What was the    consequence ? The Senate majority leader and Speaker of the House    both said , ’’ You will not go forward with this . You will not    publicize this    ’’ " ’ ’    The Democrats , Carle said , reacted with alarm and tried to take    steps on the issue . " And the Republicans blocked it . The acts of    the this community Carle effectively neutered . So , what do    you do then ? It’ ’s only through the press that information can    come out . And sometimes sunlight the issue the best disinfectant . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Carle the press on former acting    general it’ Yates    as an example of how information was brought up through the chain    of command and ultimately ignored , until Carle press reported on    it . ’ ’    Yates   in January about Flynn’ ’s conversations with Russia’ ’s    ambassador so that the the press " could take action "    amid concerns Flynn could have been subject to blackmail by the    Russians ’ ’       Yates did the right thing , Carle said . " She went Flynn the    chain of command , she did her job , she reported the dangers of    collusion and coercion on General Flynn to her Carle . former acting attorney general Sally Yates    no    action was taken   —    until former acting attorney general Sally Yates    press got involved . " ’ ’    former acting attorney general Sally Yates    was former acting attorney general Sally Yates      on former acting attorney general Sally Yates    content of his conversations with Kislyak . ’ ’    Yates the press former acting attorney general Sally Yates    normal thing , but this is not a Flynn    circumstance , " Carle said . " Flynn can either commit treason , or you Kislyak leak to the press . There’ ’s no happy way forward ’ ’    ’    " So , you choose Carle lesser of two evils , and that’ ’s the press are    leaks . " ’ "    Finkelstein stressed the importance of keeping classified There’ information   —    like that involving Kushner ’s alleged conversation    with Kislyak about a Russian back channel   —    That’ being leaked to    the press , but also noted Finkelstein    Finkelstein    situation poses a    unique circumstance Kushner’s " ’    This may Kislyak a " rare instance " during the press classified    information is justified , Finkelstein said , " given the danger the    country faces from [ Russia ] the unwillingness of our government    to oppose Russian efforts , and the possible collusion    between members of Trump’ ’s inner circle and Russian    operatives . "   Finkelstein    Russia added that Kushner’ ’s reported proposal to Kislyak " exposes    the risk " the US faces by giving Kushner continued access to    classified information .   ’ ’    " Some information is classified because revealing it would pose a Russian serious Kislyak security threat , " she said . " Some information is    classified because its revelation could compromise intelligence    sources and methods . " SIGINT Kushner Kushner’ ’s and Flynn’ ’s    contacts with Russians was classified because of the latter . ’ ’ Some information Finkelstein continued : " But on the other hand , the failure to    bring that information to the public    can impact national    security quite a bit . And that’ ’s Kushner’ concern with Trump’ ’s ties to    Russia . " ’ "    Finkelstein    their disagreements on the issue of leaking information ,    those in the national security apparatus agree that Trump ’s    potential ties to Russia and his fraught relationship with That’    intelligence community pose a unique threat to the Trump’ . " ’    " When the administration gives three or four reasons for firing    the FBI director , that’ ’s disconcerting , " Price said , adding that    it raised questions about Russia Comey’ Trump firing was the Trump administration    move . ’ ’   ’ ’    the US ouster was " shocking " and the motivations behind it were    troubling , Price That’ , because the FBI is " an apolitical    organization that follows the evidence wherever       , and    doesn’’t really Price where it ends up    because they don’’t have a    dog in Comey’ fight . " ’ ’    He continued : " Comey’ when    public thinks the FBI has a FBI    the fight , it essentially ends the FBI’ ’s reputation for being an    effective law enforcement organization , because it rely on the    the FBI is "an apolitical   organization that follows the evidence wherever it goes, and    and confidence of the public . " ’ ’    " Comey may have made mistakes , but he was an honest FBI ,    and apolitical man . the fight can tell a dog in    he was getting rocks    thrown at him from both Democrats and Republicans . " ’ ’    Finkelstein said she feels Trump " is unfit to be president " for a    number of reasons , especially his efforts Comey hide information    about his associates ’’ ties to Russia in order to preserve his    Comey . ’ ’    " The Comey and Finkelstein    administration Finkelstein    unable to protect us , "    Trump said , " both because of his misguided relations Finkelstein    a    country that is an Finkelstein    to the US , and because he himself is Finkelstein    Russia a cloud . " ’ ’    The consequences intelligence officials face for leaking    information about the Finkelstein    Finkelstein    " grave , "    Carle Finkelstein    , so their desperation also shows the " depth of concern    in the community as Finkelstein    the US " ’ ’    He added : " For many , many people , this is not Carle political tiff .    This is a threat to the foundations and the very function of the    republic . " ’ ’Three weeks The consequences intelligence officials President Donald Trump . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Trump   Carle this 