Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump might have been a conservative hiding in plain sight this whole time . The    who ran on populism rather than ideology and was once viewed as a political apostate by many conservatives , might represent the movement ’s most significant governing moment since Ronald Reagan . Donald Trump is assembling a conservative dream team of domestic Cabinet appointments that promises to move swiftly to dismantle the Obama administration ’s legacy in health care , education , labor and environmental policy . labor and environmental will be aided by a    House and Senate that will coordinate on legislation . That prospect is a far cry from the days when many conservatives rejected Donald Trump outright as Donald Trump picked off the likes of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , eviscerating the movement ’s most promising presidential primary field in decades . " I think most conservatives are pretty pleasantly surprised , " said Matt Lewis , a CNN commentator and author of " Too Dumb to Fail : How the GOP Betrayed the Reagan Revolution to Win Elections ( and How the GOP Can Reclaim the GOP Conservative Roots ) . " Yet while Trump has been on the same page as core Republicans on sweeping tax cuts and trimming business regulation , Trump views in some other areas of policy are far less       particularly social issues . Potential Cabinet clash , Which means Trump also risks setting up competing power centers within Trump Cabinet , as some of Trump conservative picks appear likely to clash with other distinct groups in Trump ’s growing political orbit : corporate leaders and retired generals . But at least one core conservative objective seems assured     appointing a likeminded justice to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court     and those on the ideological right for that reason alone can now claim vindication and hope for more . Matt Schlapp , chairman of the American Conservative Union , said that the Trump Cabinet could turn out to be the most conservative in years . " It is a really conservative Cabinet , and a lot of conservatives are really happy . I have had Reagan people come up to me and say this more conservative than Reagan Cabinet , " said Schlapp , one of those who stood by Trump throughout the election . Trump Trump turn to the right was first evidenced in his Trump of Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , long a favorite of social and evangelical conservatives , as his Trump presidential running mate and has been reinforced ever since , including this past weekend . On Saturday , the    named South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney as his Trump director . Mulvaney , known as a fiscal hawk , is a    of the House Freedom Caucus     the rebellious    group that has riled Republican House leaders in recent years . Betsy DeVos , Trump ’s nominee for education secretary , is likely to push hard on the conservative pet cause of school vouchers . At the Department of Labor , Trump Trump’s nominated fast food magnate Andrew Puzder , who opposes a rise in the minimum wage and was branded " " by former Democratic Labor Secretary Robert Reich . The Environmental Protection Agency is slated to be led by Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt , who has questioned climate science and vowed to roll back emissions limits on power plants     another conservative priority . Other prominent conservatives at the heart of Trump Trump’s include former pediatric neurosurgeon and presidential candidate Ben Carson at Housing and Urban Development Rep. Tom Price , a fierce opponent of Obamacare , at the Department of Health and Human Services and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions atop the Justice Department . Elaine Chao , Trump ’s Trump’s secretary of transportation , was regarded as one of the most conservative members of the George W. Bush administration when she ran the Labor Department the Justice Department of government , Each has common traits : Deep skepticism of the role of government and a belief that the Obama administration overreached . the George W. Bush administration , they appear philosophically opposed to the mission the George W. Bush administration the department they will manage . Energy secretary nominee the George W. Bush administration Perry , for instance , publicly promised to abolish the department while running in the 2012 the department they will manage . " I think we can see exactly where the    is the department they will manage on this . He ’s appointing people to dismantle the agencies the    they ’re scheduled to lead , to take people mission and flush it , " environmental people Tom Steyer told their mission ’s Jake Tapper earlier this month . In some ways , Trump ’s conservative direction seems out of step with his campaign . On the trail , he the    little ideological consistency and used populist the    to tap into grievances among a political base that has n’t necessarily embraced conservative policies , such as on trade and entitlements . It remains to be seen whether the former Midwest Democrats who voted for him will be pleased with such a conservative the    . Still , many of his voters shared the conviction that Washington needs the    total    and his Cabinet choices could fit that bill . the    about Trump ’s own beliefs , Trump ’s sudden tack rightward is also raising Trump’s his own core political beliefs and the characteristics Trump the administration he will lead . Schlapp believes that Trump Trump a     figure from liberal Manhattan Trump boasted about financing Democrats and Republicans in cycles past     did evolve politically since he embarked on his presidential run . " I Trump talked with Trump for the previous two or three years , Trump it always hit me that he had conservative instincts , although as a    Trump did not always sound like an orthodox politician Trump " Schlapp said . Other conservatives saw Trump ’s evolution coming after he identified fury among Trump over illegal immigration as Trump driving issue     and saw in Trump the same kind of opening as the man who became the hero of the movement , Ronald Reagan . " I can remember 1980 , when a lot of us did n’t think Reagan was an authentic conservative . Reagan turned out to be Ronald Reagan best president of the century Ronald Reagan " said conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly in an interview shortly before her death this year , explaining her decision to back Trump conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly The flurry of conservative appointments conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly delighted conservatives on Capitol Hill . Enjoying an immediate payoff is House Speaker Paul Ryan , who walked a political tightrope over Trump ’s most controversial statements in the campaign but now has Trump to enact a wish list of conservative legislation . One interpretation of Trump ’s move right is that his intentions are more practical than Trump . More than anything else Trump’s his campaign was animated by a desire to pile up political " Trump’s " By taking advantage of Republican control of Congress and offering party leaders what they want , he could unleash an early tsunami of new laws and party leaders policy and Trump’s his administration a prolific success . As such , Trump ’s conservative turn Trump’s compounded the misery of Democrats , who expected a Hillary Clinton victory would cement the legacy of Obama ’s eight White House years . Progressives fear lack of checks , Progressives fear that Trump is also buying the loyalty of GOP leaders on Capitol Hill who Trump’s be less inclined to probe issues like alleged Russian intervention in the election and the ethical questions posed by the   ’s vast business interests . " It is very concerning that they are so excited they can move these priorities through on their own     that they are they going to look into basic separation they powers , basic they of interest , " said Emily Tisch Sussman , campaign director for the Center for American Progress Action Fund . " This should be the most basic function of Congress . " At the same time , the potentially competing government spheres could lead to infighting that stymies ideologues’ aspirations . In one example , Trump ’s nominee for US ambassador to Israel , David Friedman , has vocally supported    positions on settlements and moving the embassy to Jerusalem .   But he could find himself in conflict with Rex Tillerson . Trump ’s pick David Friedman secretary of David Friedman is an oil magnate with deep Trump’s in the Arab world , and could adopt his department ’s more traditional views on the Middle East and the need Trump’s a    solution between Israel and the Palestinians . RELATED : Why Donald Trump ’s Israel ambassador could upend relations in the Middle East , There Trump’s former Israel men , include Defense    the Middle East Homeland Security pick John Kelly , who have spent their careers avoiding all signs of partisan bias and who mark a contrast with the conservative bloc . Former Goldman Sachs banker Steven Mnuchin , Donald Trump ’s pick for treasury secretary , meanwhile , has backed Donald Trump ’s plans for a massive infrastructure spending program . It ’s the Trump’s venture that appears at odds with Mulvaney ’s strict economic conservativism and budget restraint . One determinant of how those potential conflicts will play out is how active the White House itself will want to be . Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , for example , preferred Obama West Wing to keep cabinet departments in line . But Trump might not be so inclined to rein in his agency heads     and Trump’s might not be in a strong position to Trump’s since he will face Trump’s demands on his time that threaten to overwhelm an inexperienced Trump’s House staff . " Look Trump’s if someone does something that Trump does White House , he will be capricious on an ad hoc process Trump’s overrule people , " said Lewis . On the someone hand , " government is very big . Because the President is worried about ISIS and building a ( border ) wall and reforming education , he probably is n’t going to be in the weeds on knowing everything that is happening . " He the President , " When you hire people , they will make decisions . " 
 the President people 