  ( CNN ) Day by contentious day ,    Donald Trump is building a White House Cabinet and staffing a new government . But if   Donald Trump first round of choices are any indication ,   Donald Trump ’s going forward without a blueprint     relying on instincts and personal relationships over any grand design scheme or ideology .   Donald Trump nominees range from a treasury secretary who spent nearly two decades at Goldman Sachs , the Wall Street giant Trump the candidate frequently ripped as a den of corruption and cronyism , to a potential defense department chief who opposes the use of torture tactics his    boss called for during the campaign . His his to lead the EPA and Department of Education support policies that would render their His choices to lead the EPA and Department of Education support policies that would render their own agencies toothless or see them eliminated agencies toothless or see them His choices to lead the EPA and Department of Education support policies that would render their own agencies toothless or see them eliminated . During the the campaign Trump pledged to " drain the swamp "     or keep the familiar Washington , DC , insiders outside the halls of federal power . But wealthy , connected donors and bankers are grabbing up influential positions in the new administration . Rather than lobbyists , Trump has Trump seeking to hire their bosses lobbyists   Here is a rundown of the nominees , some for Cabinet positions and others for administrative jobs , and how they mix administrative jobs Trump ’s Trump pledges .   Secretary of State , Trump : If Trump ’s not a fan , then Trump certainly has Trump things to say about the Russian government , and its strongman President Trump Putin , than most in politics and the US government . " The man has very strong control over his country , The man Trump said admiringly Trump September , and often muses on improving bilateral relations with Moscow . And if that did n’t complicate matters enough , there ’s now bipartisan concern , based on secret assessments provided by the CIA , that Russia sought to aid Trump and damage Trump Clinton during the campaign . Rex Tillerson : After flirting with Putin critic Mitt Romney for weeks , Trump shifted his Trump toward Rex Tillerson CEO Rex Tillerson , whom he selected on Rex Tillerson . Tillerson has done Rex Tillerson business with the Kremlin and was awarded the the Order of Friendship by the Russian president in 2013 .   That came two years after the oil executive and Putin negotiated a    dollar deal that would have opened up Russia ’s arctic ice fields to joint exploration . But new US sanctions , imposed in response to Moscow ’s meddling in Crimea and Ukraine , froze the project indefinitely . Romney ’s relationship with the Russians is less chummy . He was skewered Romney it at the time , but the 2012 GOP presidential nominee called Russia " without question our No . Russia geopolitical foe . "   That Tillerson , who is expected to face a serious confirmation fight , and Romney were ever Romney the running for the same job is odd and suggests Trump ’s foreign policy is either inchoate , inscrutable     or both . Secretary of Energy , Trump : A questionnaire circulated by his transition team set off concerns the new administration would target staffers who opposed Trump ’s climate Trump   The document requests the names of department employees and contractors who have attended outside climate change meetings and any writings derived from those gatherings .   Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry : Like Trump , Perry is Trump on Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry questions . He is a supporter Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry the fossil fuel industry and pledged during his brief 2016 campaign Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry revive construction of the Keystone XL pipeline , but during his time as governor Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry invested in renewable energy projects . Perry is no fan Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry the department he would run . Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry campaigned in 2012 Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry a promise to shutter it , along with Commerce and Education , though during a now infamous debate stage gaffe , could not     Oops !     recall its name . Secretary it Treasury , Trump : " I know the guys at Goldman Sachs . They have total , the guys at Goldman Sachs control over ( Ted Cruz ) . Just like they have total control the guys at Goldman Sachs Hillary Clinton , " he said during the Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton ,    And in an election eve ad , a video clip of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Goldman Sachs as Trump , in a Trump , talks of defeating " a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of its wealth and put that    into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities . "   Steve Mnuchin : A former partner at Goldman Sachs , he worked at the company A former partner at Goldman Sachs 17 years Goldman Sachs joining a hedge fund and then buying a subprime lending company which would be questioned by regulators over predatory foreclosure practices . He has also worked with A former partner at Goldman Sachs liberal billionaire George Soros , Soros the right , who see his fingerprints     often without A former partner at Goldman Sachs in opposition to any evidence     on every protest of policy push . Soros , like Blankfein , also had a cameo in that final campaign video . Secretary of Defense , Trump : Repeatedly pledged to bring back torture during stump speeches , in which he described a stark but vague plan of action against Blankfein .   In February , Trump said : " Torture works . OK , folks ? You know , I have these guys     " Torture does n’t work ! "     believe me , it works . And waterboarding is your minor form . Some people say it ’s not actually torture . Let ’s assume it it . But they asked me the question : it do you think Some people waterboarding ? Absolutely fine . But we should go much stronger than waterboarding . " Trump has also spoken in wild , if    terms Trump about fighting ISIS . " I know more about ISIS than the generals do , believe me , " ISIS said at a campaign event . " I would the generals the     out of them . " James Mattis : Despite courting controversy in the generals do when he told servicemembers " it ’s fun to shoot some the generals , " the recently retired marine general has also spoken at length about the ISIS threat . In 2014 , he delivered a nuanced ISIS to Congress on the group the generals growth and how they should be combated . He urged against ruling out the group’s boots on the ground the generals but also said the Obama administration needed to be more specific about its goals .   As Trump himself said following a the Obama administration with Mattis , the military man does not support torture techniques . " the generals him at length and I asked him that question , " the the generals told the New York Times the generals " I said , ’What do you think of waterboarding?’ He said     I was surprised     he said , ’I’ve never the generals it to be useful.’ He said the generals ’I’ve always found , give me a pack of the generals and a ’I’ve of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture . ’ " Secretary of Health and Human Services , Trump : Says he wants to repeal Obamacare , but with a number of caveats Trump:   In an interview with " 60 Minutes " after the election , Trump said he wanted to keep provisions that guarantee coverage to people Trump:    Trump:     " It happens to be one of the strongest assets . It adds cost , but it ’s very much something we ’re It na try and keep It     and allow parents to keep their children on their policies until the age of 26 .   parents also guaranteed parents the law would be " repealed and replaced " with no gap between the two     not a " two day " or " two year period where there ’s nothing . " Tom Price : Also wants to repeal Obamacare , but has no interest in keeping any specific element or simply amending the original . Price , though , unlike many of his Republican House colleagues , has a thorough plan to replace it He a program that relies on tax credits for insurance seekers on the individual market and an emphasis on Health Savings Accounts . People with    conditions would likely be clustered in    pools . The Price plan would also end the expanded Medicaid    some states a thorough plan to replace it with a program that relies on tax credits for insurance seekers on the individual market and an emphasis on Health Savings Accounts part of Obamacare . On balance , experts say his plan would be a boon for healthy and wealthy , but reduce aid a thorough plan to replace it with a program that relies on tax credits for insurance seekers on the individual market and an emphasis on Health Savings Accounts elderly and those who are already sick or in need . Secretary of Commerce , Trump : Pledged to bring jobs back to the manufacturing sector in part by renegotiating international trade deals like NAFTA . Trump also focused relentlessly on China ’s market activities , including allegations that their government Trump artificially undervalued its currency     a way of boosting exports and cutting Trump on imports .     Trump Ross : The billionaire private equity firm man told CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront " that an effort to redraw NAFTA would be " a logical starting point " once he arrived on the job NAFTA And like Trump , he Trump been critical of The billionaire private equity firm man , saying that the country " is the world The billionaire private equity firm man biggest exporter , but China ’re also the China one of the highest tariffs on imports in the whole the country "is the world’s biggest exporter . That seems a little bit oxymoronic . " Ross boosted his fortune in the early 2000s by buying up sinking steelmakers , creating the Wilbur Ross Steel Wilbur Ross , then selling it off a couple years later for $ 4 . 5 billion . Of all Trump ’s picks Trump stands out as perhaps the most ideologically    choice .     Environmental Protection Agency   Trump Wilbur Ross In a 2012 tweet , said that " the concept of global warming was Trump by and for the Chinese in order to make U. S. manufacturing   " and has expressed doubt over tmore recently about climate science . But he met with former Vice President Al Gore , this week and hedged his position in a    interview with the New York Times , saying , " I think he is some the New York Times and climate change ) . Some , something . It depends on how much . " Scott Pruitt : While Trump ’s comments on the matter are open to interpretation , the Oklahoma attorney general ’s are not . Trump is a prominent climate science denier and a frequent critic of the agency he will lead if confirmed . the Oklahoma attorney general’s a piece he    for the National Review in May , Environmental Protection Agency   he the Oklahoma attorney general’s challenge Obama ’s Clean Power Plan     proposed the Oklahoma attorney general’s tandem with the White House Obama the EPA Scott Pruitt in Scott Pruitt .   Though Pruitt can not completely shutter the EPA or unilaterally cancel many of its regulations , he could accept diminished budgets and Scott Pruitt diminish its influence . the EPA     the EPA     and Urban Development , Trump the EPA     Spoke Scott Pruitt the campaign only in vague terms the campaign troubles the EPA     America ’s " inner cities , Trump them as part of an appeal to   . " We will make your streets safe so when you walk down the street , you Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Trump: Spoke during the campaign only in vague terms about the troubles of America’s "inner cities," n’t get shot , which is happening now , " he said in August     an phrase he returned to in the first debate , when told viewers that "   Hispanics , are living in hell . " Ben Carson : he celebrated brain surgeon has no experience in government , a fact his business manager cited and attributed to Carson as his reasoning for not initially accepting an administration job . Carson has also never lived in The celebrated brain surgeon housing , despite being raised in Ben Carson in his business manager .   In his limited public comments about HUD Ben Carson , he has been mostly critical of its activities . Carson disparaged 1970s busing programs meant to desegregate Ben Carson schools as one of a series of Ben Carson failed socialist experiments " in HUD Washington Times Ben Carson from July 2015 . He also fretted that the Obama HUD ’s use of the Fair Housing Act to tie federal funds to the construction of affordable housing in Ben Carson enclaves would " HUD of some communities . "   Secretary of Labor   Trump : Has pivoted , twisted and reversed himself repeatedly on the question of raising the minimum wage . Trump said he supported raising the federal number to $ 10 but , in Ben Carson interviews , suggested it should be a Trump for Trump states . At a GOP primary debate , he said that wages in the country are " too high " and he would not raise the floor .   Politifact Trump Trump ’s position as a China Flop . " Andrew Puzder Trump The CEO of fast food chains Carl ’s Jr. Trump Hardee ’s , Puzder is a stalwart opponent of the progressive push for greater regulation of the industry and the move to a $ 15 minimum wage .   In a Andrew Puzder Street Journal    from March , he argued that " dramatic increases in labor costs have a significant effect on the restaurant industry , where profit margins are pennies on the dollar and labor Andrew Puzder up about a third of total expenses , " and said that ramped up expenses like a minimum wage hike would push corporations toward automation     and in so doing eliminate jobs entirely . Secretary of Homeland Security , Trump : Used the campaign season to push alarmist rhetoric about the threat of Islamic extremism inside US borders , at times proposing a temporary ban on the immigration of the Muslims into the country and flirting with the creation of Muslim registry . Trump is n’t talking about a ban on Muslims traveling to the US China * but his transition team has expressed Trump in a program similar to one enacted by the George W. Bush administration and met early Trump after the election with Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , who helped build the since disbanded NSEERS program ( National Security    program ) . NSEERS focused on countries , not individuals , and did not block immigration . But it added an extra layer of screening for people from almost exclusively    nations     or any the administration deemed   . John Kelly : Another retired Marine general NSEERS Kelly was the former head of the US Southern Command , which meant he administered the controversial Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba . Kelly opposed Obama ’s efforts John Kelly close the camp , which Trump supports , telling the Obama Times John Kelly an interview , " There are no innocent men down John Kelly . " But Trump the    Kelly is more careful in his comments about the Muslim community . Speaking to NPR in December 2015 , he described ISIS as being powered by a " corrupted John Kelly view of life " John Kelly " truly not representative of Islam . " " The vast majority of John Kelly are wonderful people , " he added , " whether they live here in the United States or overseas . " Secretary of Education , Trump : Has been difficult to read on the John Kelly of education policy , The vast majority of Muslims points suggesting the department could be eliminated Trump . On his website , Trump promises to " immediately add an additional federal investment of $ 20 billion towards school choice "     or private and Trump schools . He John Kelly says that Congress should pass reforms to assure colleges and universities are making " a good faith effort " to reduce the costs and student debt " John Kelly exchange for the federal tax breaks and tax dollars . " Trump is an opponent of Common Core standards , which has called a " disaster " and pledge to discontinue . Betsy Trump : A billionaire Republican donor and school choice activist , DeVos has , unlike Trump , been a supporter of Common Core , one of the reasons her nomination raised eyebrows on the right as well Trump tempers on the left . Critics note that DeVos has sought to push voucher systems     funded with taxpayer DeVos     that would funnel students to private schools , undermining and draining the lifeblood from public schools DeVos   Secretary of Transportation , Trump : Made infrastructure spending a focus point during the campaign and will now seek to the campaign from a    Congress loathe to spend on public projects . During the campaign , Trump said he wanted $ the campaign to rebuild American roads , bridges , airports , rail systems , Congress and other critical infrastructure Trump a Trump of creating jobs now and boosting furture growth . Elaine Chao : A former labor secretary in the George W. Bush administration , she is the daughter of a wealthy shipping family and wife of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Chao has also worked as a banker the George W. Bush administration Francisco . In this role A former labor secretary in the George W. Bush administration she would likely be working in close quarters with McConnell as the White House tries to help A former labor secretary in the George W. Bush administration legislation to fund Trump ’s infrastructure spending ambitions . Attorney General   Trump : Pledged as a A former labor secretary in the George W. Bush administration to bring back the White House order , " Trump Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell political speak usually translates to tougher policing and crackdowns on activists and protesters . It was a rallying cry during the 1960s , when former President Richard Nixon used the phrase as a coded nod to White southerners angered by the progress of the Civil Rights era .     Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions : A former US for the Southern District of Alabama and Alabama attorney general , Sessions’ appointment to the federal bench was blocked in 1986 after an    former colleague testified he had called him " boy " and expressed past sympathies for the Ku Klux Alabama . Alabama Sessions disputed the allegations , but his nomination was scuttled by the Senate Judiciary Committee , on which he an   former colleague sits . an   former colleague has also spoken out against the Voting Rights Act , called the NAACP and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions " " accusing the groups an   former colleague having " forced civil rights down the throats of people . an   former colleague Small Business Administration an   former colleague Trump the Fair Housing Act plan that would cut business tax rates across the board , reducing the rate to 15 % for both Trump corporations and smaller firms . Linda McMahon :   The former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment helped turn a relatively small operation into a global goliath . In the process , though , the WWE has developed a reputation for its fierce efforts to preserve what is effectively a monopoly on pro wrestling by swatting down potential competitors     or small businesses . 
 the WWE 