Last night Eleven from " Stranger Things " and the Snapchat deer filter may have dominated the Halloween streets , but at parties beforehand a number of celebrities went a number of celebrities own way . Following , our survey of the most creative costumes . Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Carter have worn    costumes for the last three years , but this time , Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Carter invited Grandma to join Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Carter     cover band . The former Destiny ’s Child member also looked to the ’90s for costume inspiration , dressing as Dionne from " Clueless . " The fashion designer took on the form of a female bodybuilder named Stacie while The fashion designer boyfriend Charlie Defrancesco played The fashion designer fitness counterpart , Larry , at Bette Midler ’s Halloween party . Another throwback costume came in the form of Christina Aguilera ’s 2002 " Dirrty " music video look , replicated all the way down to the crotchless pants . Kim Kardashian is on a social media hiatus . Kim Kardashian sister , on the other hand , posted plenty of photos of Kim Kardashian    couple costume , Storm and Black Panther . Ms. Alba and Kim Kardashian friend Kelly Sawyer dressed as Edina and Patsy of " Absolutely Fabulous "   —    Champagne included . Ryan Lochte ’s silver Olympic hair , among Ryan Lochte other Rio 2016 antics , made the swimmer a star of the Halloween costume rotation , with Mr. Lautner , Nina Dobrev and more assuming Nina Dobrev guise . Katy Perry , who sang at the Democratic convention this summer , attended a Halloween party dressed as Hillary Clinton , accompanied by Michael Kives as Hillary Clinton . Ms. Ms. Schumer Orlando Bloom , followed behind as Donald Trump . Ms. Schumer ’s boyfriend was one of many Elevens , while the comedian costumed herself as another " boyfriend Things " character : Dustin . The lifestyle expert Instagrammed a photo of J. Seward Johnson ’s Marilyn Monroe statue in Los Angeles last week , asking , " Think I can do it ? " Is there anything she ca n’t do boyfriend 
 