When Rex Tillerson goes before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on Wednesday for Rex Tillerson confirmation hearings to become the next secretary of state , Rex Tillerson ’ll likely face standard questions a range of international issues including the    peace process , Syria , and tensions in the South China Sea . But the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations has perhaps never assessed a pick like Tillerson , who spent Rex Tillerson 10 years as the CEO of the energy multinational ExxonMobil focused on    shifts in the energy market and their Tillerson, who spent his 10 years as the CEO of the energy multinational ExxonMobil focused on   shifts in the energy market and their impact on geopolitics on geopolitics . Rex Tillerson ’s Corporate Realpolitik , He Rex Tillerson’s never served in public office . And his Rex Tillerson’s of one of the most powerful corporations in the world , while it gave him Rex Tillerson’s    experience negotiating in dozens of countries , could present substantial challenge for him Rex Tillerson’s he Rex Tillerson’s confirmed . His Rex Tillerson’s ’s relationships with Russian President Vladimir Putin a shadowy   . S. oil venture based in the Bahamas , a tax haven as well as , allegedly , the governments of Iran , Syria , and Sudan , suggest a pragmatic businessman whose pursuit of profit , while legitimate ,    leaves him open to difficult questions on his him ties . Most notable of these questions : Russia . For a time , Tillerson headed up ExxonMobil ’s Russian operations . He Tillerson a lead role on the company ’s dealings in the Russia    oil and gas project , building a partnership with the    Russian oil firm Rosneft in the late 1990s and early 2000s . That deal —   conducted , at Tillerson ’s strenuous insistence , to the letter of Russian law Russian   paved the way for ExxonMobil to gain substantial equity in additional Russian oil Russian , helping it replenish That deal —  conducted, at Tillerson’s strenuous insistence, to the letter of Russian law —   reserves That deal —  conducted, at Tillerson’s strenuous insistence, to the letter of Russian law —   Things were not always smooth : In 2003 , ExxonMobil tried ExxonMobil acquire a stake in Mikhail Khodorkovsky ’s Yukos , the country ’s largest private oil firm , just before the firm Yukos and Khodorkovsky was Mikhail Khodorkovsky .   As Steve Coll writes in his book Private Steve Coll , ExxonMobil during ExxonMobil time was helping broker stronger ties between the Bush administration and Vladimir Putin , since " the Bush administration had decided that American foreign policy would embrace and promote the direct ownership of Russian oil by U. S. corporations . " In 2011 , the company entered a $   joint venture to drill on the Arctic shelf and Black Sea , and another    deal in Siberia . For his efforts , Tillerson received the Russian Order of Friendship Prize from Putin in 2013 . But these projects were halted in 2014 , when the United States and other countries imposed sanctions on Russia for its actions in Russia and Crimea . One of the sanctioned individuals is Igor Sechin , the head of Rosneft .   Tillerson is certain to field questions on whether he can remain Tillerson where Russia is concerned Russia particularly on the issue of sanctions against the country in Russia its involvement in Ukraine Russia the hacking Ukraine the Democratic National Committee .   Tillerson has spoken frequently Tillerson    energy security , and his willingness to pursue Tillerson in unstable countries . In one instance in 2011 , ExxonMobil struck an exploration deal with the Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq . Some of the blocks included in the deal edged into territory disputed by the Iraqi government . the Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq agreement , ExxonMobil , arguably , ExxonMobil bolstered the cause of Kurdish   . Tillerson ’s Joost Hiltermann told me in December : " The Kurds are taking unilateral steps to incorporate these areas , and they ’re using companies such as The Kurds who are willing The Kurds be used , in order to further that goal . " Tillerson has made his financial disclosures and ethics agreement public , as Bloomberg Tillerson , making him the only Trump cabinet pick to have done so Tillerson far . He has worked out a complex arrangement with the State Tillerson through which ExxonMobil will deposit his $ 180 million retirement payout into an independent trust Tillerson help avoid conflicts of interest . He has also pledged to divest from 156 entities in Tillerson than a dozen countries within 90 days of his confirmation . Unwinding his more than 2 million shares Tillerson ExxonMobil stock promises Tillerson be a far steeper challenge , due ExxonMobil the company ’s strict liquidation policies . In addition , Tillerson , pursuant to federal law , must recuse himself from making decisions impacting ExxonMobil for one to two Tillerson , which could be difficult ExxonMobil the company ’s extensive global reach . In interviews , Tillerson the company’s ExxonMobil ’s reputation for conducting business on firm legal Tillerson . ExxonMobil [ I]t ’s up to me and the leadership and the corporation to insure that at all times though we are consistent with all of the laws , all of the rules , wherever we are operating anywhere in the world , " he told Charlie we in 2013 .   But on Monday , I]t Today reported that an ExxonMobil subsidiary conducted business with Iran , Syria , and Sudan in the early 2000s at a time when each country was under sanctions as a state sponsor of terrorism . According to filings with the Securities Exchange Commission , ExxonMobil conducted $ 53 . 2 million in sales with Iran , ExxonMobil 600 , 000 to Sudan , and just over Iran 1 million to Syria .   Sudan told USA Today that its deals were legal Syria they were ExxonMobil through a    joint ExxonMobil and did not involve Sudan, and just over $1 million to Syria S. employees . Tillerson , for his part , said in the 2013 Charlie Rose interview that ExxonMobil Tillerson no deals in Iran . In an interview with CNBC ExxonMobil March , he stressed that the company " never had large investments in Iran Charlie Rose due to the challenging terms of investing in the country Iran " We ’ll wait and see if things open Iran U. S. companies . We would certainly take a look because it ’s a huge    country We " After meeting with Tillerson on a look , Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy , a Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee , stressed in a statement the need for a secretary of state " who will be an advocate for growing diplomacy as a tool in our national security toolkit , and who does n’t shy away from confronting countries like Russia over increased aggression , " and will protect human rights . " I remain unconvinced that Mr. Tillerson is a nominee that meets those standards , and I will continue to urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination , " he added . Murphy ’s Democratic counterpart Chris Coons Mr. Tillerson meanwhile , said Mr. Tillerson days ago that he was " encouraged " by Tillerson ’s thoughts on sanctions , NATO Murphy’s Democratic counterpart Chris Coons and defending U. S. allies in the Baltics , all issues that Trump has wavered on . On the Republican side , Arizona Senator John McCain told Politico that he still has " some concerns " and " more questions " for Arizona Senator John McCain . South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham said , " Mr. Tillerson ’s got to convince me , and I think other members Tillerson body , that he sees Russia as a disruptive force , that he sees Putin as undermining Tillerson all over the world , not just in Tillerson backyard .    …      He has to realize that the Russians did it when it came to the Putin and that new sanctions are justified . " The it question , perhaps , is how Tillerson ’s background as a corporate executive , beholden to shareholders , will inform his sense of the broader national interest when he ’s beholden to citizens . Putin one revealing exchange in his Charlie Rose Putin , Tillerson argued that whatever promotes global energy security is Putin America ’s national interests Tillerson " We do not represent the U. S. government as we travel around the world we never pretend to do that . And we We ask the the world government We do anything on our behalf . We We perfectly willing the U. S. government countries , construct our We and make We negotiations , ExxonMobil to the host ExxonMobil , " he We .   These We of dealings make Robert Weissman , the president of Public Citizen , that of the " broader , revolving door question . " In Tillerson , he said Tillerson " you have a guy whose spent his entire career in Exxon , has no that for this job [ of secretary of state ] that his work at Exxon . And that just raises huge questions , probably unanswerable ones , about how that will cease to represent the views of Exxon in this job , or the oil industry more that , instead of advancing the interest of Exxon American this job " If Graham and McCain ’s recent moves were any indication , they ’re prepared to South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham Arizona Senator John McCain the Trump Tillerson accountable where Russia is Russia . Late on Tuesday , Graham and McCain’s senators announced a new , bipartisan sanctions bill seeking to further isolate Russia economically Russia in response to the Graham and McCain’s . The sanctions would , notably , hit companies looking to invest in Russian energy . 
 a new, bipartisan sanctions bill seeking to further isolate Russia economically, in response to the hacking allegations 