Congratulations to Ted Cruz for winning Ted Cruz fourth primary ! Usually Donald Trump wins the primaries   —    where you go and vote , like in a real election . Ted Cruz wins the caucuses   —    run by the state parties , favored by political operators and cheaters . [ Until now , the only primaries Ted Cruz has won are in Texas ( his home state ) Oklahoma ( basically the same state ) and Idaho ( where Donald Trump never campaigned ) .   So now , Ted Cruz has finally won an     primary . This is great news for him , provided : ( 1 ) the general election is a caucus , and ( 2 ) the national media universally denounce Ted Cruz Democratic opponent the same way the Wisconsin media denounced Trump Donald Trump In that case , Cruz Ted Cruz do fine . The    do n’t care . They The    n’t care that they The    being used as a cat’   by the Never Trump crowd , and that a brokered Republican convention is more likely to end with Bernie as the nominee than Cruz Ted Cruz The Cruz Ted Cruz do n’t even care about plain honesty , which I always thought was a conservative value . Republicans used to be appalled by guttersnipe , lying political operators like the Clintons . Now they Republicans guttersnipe , lying political operators like the the Clintons It ’s all hands on deck to stop the only presidential candidate who wants to save America from the cheap labor plutocrats . Cruz Ted Cruz flipped to Trump ’s side on every important political issue of this campaign   —    which only ARE issues because of Trump . Trump’s are :   —    Quadrupling the number of foreign guest workers to help ranchers and farmers get cheap labor : Cruz Ted Cruz for it , and now is against it . it —    Legalizing illegal aliens : Cruz Ted Cruz for it , it now is against it . it —    The    Partnership deal : Cruz Ted Cruz for it , The   Partnership deal now is against it . The   Partnership deal —    Building a wall : Cruz Ted Cruz against it , The   Partnership deal now is for it . The   Partnership deal are all positions Cruz Ted Cruz changed since being a senator   —    most of them he These being a senator  —    on only in the last year . I ’m supposed to believe that U. S. senators can sincerely change their minds U. S. senators policies it was their job U. S. senators know about , but a New York developer can never change his mind being a senator  —       he made being a senator  —    than a decade ago . Back in 1999   —    17 years ago   —    when Donald Trump was considering a presidential run on the Reform Party ticket , he said being a senator  —    when asked about abortion by Tim Russert on " Meet the Press " : " Well , look , I ’m very   . I hate the concept of abortion . I hate it . the concept of abortion hate everything it stands the concept of abortion . I cringe when I listen to people debating the subject . But you still   —    I just believe in choice . " Russert then Tim Russert him specifically Tim Russert he ’d Tim Russert    abortion . Trump said , " No . I am    in every respect and as far as it goes , but I just hate it . it A year later , Trump wrote Trump his book Trump The America We Deserve " : " When Tim Russert Tim Russert on ‘ Meet the Press’ if I would ban    abortion , my    instincts led me to say no . After the show , I consulted two doctors I respect and , upon learning more about this procedure , I have concluded that I would indeed support a ban . " Sometime in the intervening 16 years , Trump became fully   . You can say you do n’t believe him   —    just as you might say you do n’t believe Cruz has truly changed his mind on him , the wall , or the    Partnership , etc . But to claim Trump is    Trump   —    present tense   —    is what ’s known as a " lie . " But that ’s what Cruz says over Cruz over again , including in a campaign ad   —    and not one of those " super PAC " ads that count even less than a retweet . A Cruz ad plays Cruz clip from that 1999 interview where Trump says , Trump I am    in every respect , " repeats it three times , and then cuts to a narrator proclaiming : " For    abortion , not a conservative . " These are the kinds of lies that used to drive conservatives crazy when the Clintons did it . Not anymore . All ’s fair in smearing Trump . Trump Trump said Trump million times that he ’d scrap Trump and replace it with a Obamacare market system ( which , by the way , he explains a Trump more clearly than Washington policy wonks with their    lingo ) . Merely for Trump saying that Trump ’re " not going to let people die , sitting in the middle of a street in any city in this country , " Cruz accuses him of supporting Trump Bernie    medicine . " Yes , because Trump is against Trump dying in the streets , Cruz says that Cruz thinks " Trump did n’t go far enough and we need to expand it to put Obamacare government in charge of our health care we in charge of our relationship with we doctors . we Over and over again , Cruz has repeated Cruz insane lie , telling Fox ’s Megyn Kelly : " If you want to see Bernie    socialized medicine , Donald Trump is your guy . " Trump ’s alleged Donald Trump the kind of national health care they have in Scotland Trump’s alleged support for the kind of national health care they have in Scotland and Canada Canada is another big fat lie . Trump was issuing his Donald Trump effusive praise Donald Trump he drops the hammer Donald Trump —    " It actually works incredibly the hammer   in Scotland . Some people Scotland it really works in the hammer   . " Then Canada continued , in Donald Trump very same sentence : " I do n’t think it would work as the hammer   here . What has to happen   —    I like the concept of private enterprise coming in .    …      You have to create competition . " Cruz and his    followers lie Cruz Trump wanting a health care system akin to Canada ’s and Scotland Canada . They Scotland about his Cruz and his   followers Obamacare . They lie about his Cruz and his   followers    abortion Trump They lie about his Cruz and his   followers having been Trump Democrat . They lie about his Cruz and his   followers manager assaulting Trump female reporter . I tried being nice after Florida , when it became clear that Trump was the choice of a majority of Republican voters , nearly choking on a column praising Cruz for his admirable    to Trump ’s positions on Trump trade . I censored loads of    retweets . But   —    as with the Clintons   —    you offer these    an olive branch and they bite off your hand these    The next thing I knew , the Cruz cult was accusing Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Trump criminal battery for brushing past a female reporter . Anyone who claims this video shows a " battery " is as big a liar as the liberals who lined up to say Clinton did not commit perjury when he denied having " sexual relations Clinton with Monica Lewinsky . If James Carville and Paul Begala had a baby , it would be a Cruz supporter James Carville and Paul Begala had a baby They lie about my own tweaking James Carville and Paul Begala had a baby Trump   —    I did n’t like the Heidi retweet !   —    amid a tidal wave of support . Trump is the only presidential candidate Trump   my lifetime who will build a wall , deport illegals and pause the importation of Muslims . He ’s the only one who Trump   more about ordinary Americans than he does about globalist plutocrats . Trump   anyone really think I ’m " tiring " of him because of a retweet ? Trump   , for slavishly devoted    a normal human making a small criticism of her preferred candidate is unfathomable ! That fact alone proves how dishonest they are about their own candidate . I was they the misimpression that I was dealing with adults and not swine like Carville and Begala , willing to twist someone ’s words to win a momentary political advantage . Mostly , I was under the misimpression that honesty was still a conservative value . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 