Moscow ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin seemed to suggest Thursday that " patriotic hackers " may have meddled in the US election , but insisted that none of "patriotic hackers" may have meddled in the US election potential activities were   . It ’s the first time Russian President Vladimir Putin has conceded that any    hacking attacks may have emanated from Russian . Russian President Vladimir Putin comments to reporters at the St. Petersburg Economic Forum , Putin likened hackers Russian President Vladimir Putin " artists , " who could act on behalf of Russia if they felt its hackers were Russia threatened . " ( Artists ) may act on behalf of their country , Artists) up hackers good mood and paint things . Same with hackers , they woke up today hackers read something about the     relations .   " If they are patriotic , hackers contribute in a hackers they think is right hackers to fight against those who say bad things about Russia , " Putin said .   Putin : We did Putin hack US election , Russia has repeatedly denied Russia in any attempts to influence November ’s US Presidential election .    When asked directly whether Russia interfered in the Russia , Putin said in March Putin " Read my lips : No . " He also described the Putin as " fictional , illusory , provocations and lies . " Derek Chollet , senior adviser of the German Marshall Fund of the US , told CNN ’s Brian Todd that ’s not true .   " The US intelligence community in January concluded with high confidence that Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign to try to shape the US election . And part of that influence campaign were hackers . This is Putin trying to obfuscate Vladimir Putin blur what is the reality . " While he maintained Thursday that Vladimir Putin Russian government was n’t behind the attacks , he said hackers anywhere Vladimir Putin make their efforts appear like hackers anywhere came from the hackers anywhere . " The most important this is that we do n’t do that on government level , " he said . " Vladimir Putin , I can imagine that some purposefully does that , building the chain of these attacks in a the attacks make it seem that Russia is the source of these attacks . Modern technology the attacks do that quite easily . " However , he said that even Vladimir Putin hackers did intervene it ’s unlikely they could swing a foreign election hackers   " No hacker can affect an electoral campaign in any country , be it Europe , Asia or America No hacker " " I ’m certain that no hackers can influence an electoral campaign in another country . It ’s just not going to settle on the voter ’s mind , on the nation ’s mind , " he added . CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria said Putin ’s remarks on the hacking mirror what Putin said when Russia seized Ukraine Putin Crimea region . " If you remember , when the invasion of Crimea and the destabilization of eastern Crimea took place , Vladimir Putin Ukraine , ’I do Putin who these people are . .. it seems there are patriotically minded Ukrainians and Russians who want the Crimea to be part of Russia Crimea Crimea said .   ’Witch hunt’ The US government publicly announced in October that Russia confident " Russia orchestrated the hacking of Russia Democratic National Committee ( Russia ) and other political organizations of the Democratic Party in the    to the election . And in January , days before Trump took office , the US intelligence community concluded that Putin had ordered an " influence campaign " aimed at hurting Trump ’s rival , Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton . Trump month , the US Justice Department appointed a special counsel led by former FBI Director Robert Mueller to oversee the federal investigation into Russian interference in the election .   US President Donald Trump said the probe " hurts our country " and has branded the investigation the " single greatest witch hunt " in the federal investigation into Russian interference in the election . 
 