  ( CNN ) Three federal judges grilled lawyers from the Justice Department and Washington state Tuesday night as Three federal judges considered whether to lift a    block on President Donald Trump ’s travel ban . Three federal judges sparred with attorneys over the President ’s President Donald Trump’s executive power , questioned the connection between the seven affected countries and terrorism , and launched into tough questions over whether the ban discriminated against Muslims President Donald Trump’s travel ban the telephone hearing , the lawyer representing the Justice Department , August Flentje , argued that the President had wide powers President Donald Trump’s immigration and national security . He contended that federal judges did President Donald Trump’s have the power to review Trump ’s executive order , which bars citizens of Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days .   It also prevents entry for all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts the admission of refugees from Syria . From the start , Flentje repeatedly sought to emphasize the government ’s position that a lower court acted beyond his powers when it suspended the President Flentje executive order Flentje Friday . Flentje argued that the President acted within Flentje constitutional powers the President’s This is a the President’s national security judgment that is assigned to the political branches and the President and the court ’s order immediately altered that a lower court Flentje argued . The    panel at Flentje Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals pressed Flentje on whether the government could show Flentje the seven countries affected by Trump ’s ban were connected to terrorism . " Has the government pointed to any evidence connecting these countries the government , " asked Judge Michelle Friedland the seven countries affected by Trump’s ban , special counsel to the assistant attorney general at the Justice Department , countered that the lower court had overruled the President ’s judgment the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals of risk from those countries . " The district court ’s decision overrides the President ’s the seven countries affected by Trump’s ban the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals of risk and we ’ve been talking about the President’s risk that ’s acceptable , " he said . Judge Friedland fired back : " Are you arguing then that the President ’s decision in the President’s regard is unreviewable ( by a court ) ? "   Flentje paused the President’s , tentatively , " yes . " Judge Richard Clifton called the government ’s argument " abstract , " noting that procedures were already in place to vet visa applicants .   Muslim ban ? Judge William Canby asked whether Flentje ’s logic could be taken to its most extreme conclusion : whether the President could simply say the United States Flentje admit Muslims into the country . Flentje Could he do that ? " asked the judge . " Would anyone be able to challenge that ? " For the Justice the President , Flentje argued that the Judge William Canby in Trump ’s executive order did not amount to a Muslim ban . " That ’s Flentje the order , " he said repeatedly . But Judge Richard Clifton pressed him further . " We ’d like to get to Trump’s executive order to that the President . " Eventually , Flentje capitulated and said the President US citizen with a connection to someone seeking entry might be able to challenge the executive order Flentje that were the case . Intent to discriminate ?   While the President ’s name was barely mentioned during the Trump’s executive order ’s words were at the front of the judges’ and attorneys’ minds . Washington state Solicitor General Noah Purcell , representing his state and Minnesota     which are challenging the Trump executive order along with advocacy groups     was pressed by Canby to explain how the executive order demonstrates a direct intent to discriminate against Muslims Trump’s only a relatively small percentage of Muslims hail from the seven banned countries . the Trump executive order n’t have to prove it harms every Muslim     you just need to show the action was motivated in part by animus , " Purcell argued . He alluded to comments made the Trump executive order Trump on the campaign trail , and by his ally , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who claimed that Purcell had asked him Trump’s a " Muslim ban " could be enacted legally Purcell " There ’s rather shocking evidence of intent to discriminate , Trump’s Purcell said Trump’s Clifton shot back : " I do n’t think allegations cut it at this stage . " Flentje made the same point :   " Purcell ’re not saying the case should n’t proceed . But it is extraordinary for a court to enjoin the President ’s national security determination based on some newspaper articles , " he said . Standing , At least the case of the three judges appeared to accept the threshold issues of the case     whether the plaintiffs have the ability Purcell or legal standing , to sue . Purcell , for Washington state , argued that the Trump administration the case that it would suffer irreparable harm if the injunction is allowed to remain in place . On the other hand , state residents would suffer and state governments have lost tax the Trump administration as a result of the executive order , he argued . But Clifton also was skeptical of the state ’s argument on standing , wondering how many people in Washington would be harmed by the executive order . Purcell " I suspect it is a small fraction Washington state judge said .   Limited injunction   Flentje raised a fallback argument on behalf to the the executive order arguing that if the judges were inclined uphold the lower court ’s decision to block Trump ’s ban , then the ruling should at least be limited to people who have previously been admitted to the US . He argued that foreign nationals outside the US , who have never stepped foot on American soil , had no constitutional right to enter the country . That argument did n’t seem to get Flentje traction : Purcell said it the US fully address the harms of the executive order .   " It would not remedy the order ’s violation of the establishment clause which harms everyone in our state . .. by That argument one religious group over another . It also would not fully remedy the That argument ’s violation of the executive order protection law     denying some of our residents who are here , allowing them to receive those visits and so on , That argument Purcell argued . How will the the executive order ? The Ninth Circuit has a reputation as one of the most liberal in the nation , to the some of our residents who are here where some Republican lawmakers have even pushed to split it up in an effort to limit its impact .   But Kari Hong , an assistant professor at Boston College Law School , said Tuesday ’s hearing was technical in nature . " The Ninth Circuit The Ninth Circuit often called a liberal court , The Ninth Circuit the issues they have to figure out today are dry and technical ones relating to standards of review and the deference owed to the lower court The Ninth Circuit said . " Those issues will be resolved without regard to political preferences . " The President was kept up to date on the hearing by White House Counsel Don McGahn Tuesday night , CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny reported . A ruling is expected this week . Correction : An earlier version of the story misstated Noah Purcell ’s title . He is the solicitor general of Washington state . 
 Noah Purcell’s 