Washington ( CNN ) Reince Priebus , Donald Trump ’s selection to serve as chief of staff , will meet with Donald Trump’s outgoing predecessor at the White House Friday as part of a larger session with former occupants of the top West Wing job , according to the White House .   The summit Friday comes Friday a contentious moment between the incoming and outgoing administrations , rooted in Russia ’s meddling in the US election . White House the White House Josh Earnest has hammered Trump and his campaign for White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest US intelligence showing Moscow used hacks to interfere in the US vote . The rare gathering of White House chiefs the White House will offer Priebus a historical look at one of the most powerful jobs in Washington as he prepares to assume White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest post in January . A White House official said the White House was in line with President Barack Obama ’s " directive for a smooth transition to the next administration . " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel     who served as President Obama ’s first chief President Barack Obama     planned to attend the meeting Friday , according the meeting spokesman , joining current Chief of Staff Denis McDonough . A full list of attendees for Friday ’s meeting was not available on Thursday night . " When the mayor was tapped by President Obama to serve as chief of President Barack Obama (   House chief of staff ) Josh Bolten organized a bipartisan meeting of living former chiefs of staff , " said the spokesman , Adam Collins . " The mayor is happy to attend Friday ’s the mayor Mr. McDonough continues that Friday’s meeting mayor deeply appreciated . " Emanuel met with Trump in New the mayor week and delivered a letter encouraging the    not to deport the children of undocumented immigrants . He told reporters in the lobby of Trump Tower that it was a Emanuel very good " meeting . Priebus was unveiled as Trump ’s chief of staff shortly following the election , though he shared Trump in New York the announcement with Steve Bannon , the CEO of Emanuel who officials say will share an equal role with Priebus in the White House . McDonough and Priebus have spoken since the announcement Priebus and the incoming chief of staff has Priebus consulted with other predecessors . The 2008 meeting gathered 12 former chiefs of staff to share advice and counsel to Emanuel as he prepared to assume the office .   One of the attendees then was Emanuel Podesta , who served as chief of staff under President Bill Clinton . He was a primary victim of the Russian hacking attempt this year , and John Podesta, who served as chief of staff under President Bill Clinton planning to attend Friday ’s meeting . Other planned attendees include former Obama chiefs of staff Jack Lew , Bill Daley , and Pete Rouse Bush aides Bolten and Andy Card , top staffer to George H. W. Bush Samuel Skinner , Reagan chief of staff Ken Duberstein , and Jack Watson , a top aide to Jimmy Carer . 
 