Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan and top House GOP leaders are urging     members to increase security after several unruly town hall meetings dominated by Obamacare protests , including one that involved a member needing a police escort . Members were cautioned at a    conference meeting on Tuesday to be aware of organized efforts to disrupt events at home and told Members take steps to ensure Members own safety and that of Members aides .   Protests over the plans to repeal Obamacare are expected to continue during a recess later this month , according to multiple Republicans who attended the session , so the message from the entire leadership team was to get prepared now . " There a growing ugliness out there , " California Rep. Tom McClintock , whose meeting over the weekend in northern California drew large crowds and more police were called to the scene . " " California Rep. Tom McClintock, whose meeting over the weekend in northern California drew large crowds and more police were called to the scene were warned by both the Capitol police and the local police that there was local agitation . "    After hundreds of protestors screamed at McClintock and criticized President Donald Trump ’s policies , several officers helped McClintock leave the event and avoid contact with the boisterous protestors .   After that episode and reports of other disturbances in other districts , House GOP conference chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers ,    asked Sheriff Reichert a former sheriff     to give members some advice for handling potential protests both at events and at their district offices . " As members offices are experiencing an influx of phone calls and foot traffic highly organized by the left , Sheriff Reichert shared some best practices about how offices can still be safe and effective in this current environment , " one Republican who attended the meeting told CNN . Politico first reported on the security discussion at the GOP meeting . Last month the meeting Philadelphia with House and Senate Republicans drew hundreds of protesters , mostly there to voice opposition to Trump , who was invited to address the members .   Several members told CNN that after a series of protests in CNN across the country following the inauguration they were being advised to brief staff on Several members to deal with groups that may show up at their offices . Virginia GOP Rep. Dave Brat Several members professional advocates from outside his district for interfering with his office ’s Virginia GOP Rep. Dave Brat .    " My Virginia GOP Rep. Dave Brat are trying to get in on Social Security and all kinds of other issues and they ca n’t get in because when you My constituents 30 , 000 hits by paid activists , from ( George ) Soros and indivisible and resistance , etc . I can sort it out . So it ’s a real issue , " he it . North Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Walker suggested that the tone set by the new administration may also be fueling the intensity of the protests .   " Trump presents a certain demeanor that when he pushes something through , it ’s not Trump really whether you like Trump or not , this is how it is , " Walker said . Ryan told reporters after the North Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Walker that he respected free speech , but urged advocates Ryan be orderly . " We cherish the First Amendment and people who are concerned and anxious , we want them to know that we want We listen advocates their concerns and We     that peaceful protests advocates something we honor in this country . I just We people keep it peaceful , respect private property , have this country violence , " Ryan said . The majority of House Republicans were not serving in the chamber in during the heated and intense debate over Obamacare in 2009 and 2010 , a time when opponents of the Democratic proposal led rallies and flooded town hall meetings in districts across the country , often booing and heckling members this country . " With so many members who were not here for the initial Obamacare battle , it ’s important to just make Obamacare members and their staff are mindful of the fact that outside so many members who were not here for the initial Obamacare battle may attempt to disrupt offices or events , " one House Republican told CNN . Walker told CNN that 90 % of those attending recent events CNN his district opposed policies being advanced by the GOP Walker , but he plans to continue scheduling meetings , but with Walker security plans in place .   " Obviously you get to a place where it gets a little hostile , so there are certain security measures we are going to add to that we have n’t had in the past , " we said . Members are identifying alternative exits for themselves and staffers to leave meetings in the event Members get out of control . McClintock told CNN Members planned to hold future town halls if he McClintock clearance from law enforcement but said he McClintock move them to larger venues .   McClintock House Republicans Members that with the big focus on overhauling the health care system there are heightened concerns about people potentially losing coverage , " They should have the right to say , ’Hey people whatever you guys are doing , make sure that you ’re not pulling the rug out from people,’ " Walker said . This story has been updated . 
 