President Barack Obama phoned in a pair of interviews with black radio hosts Wednesday , urging    to turn out for Hillary Clinton . [ " One of things that I admit Frankie , I get a little frustrated by is sometimes I hear folks say , ‘ Well we were so excited with Barack and we love Michelle’ and folks take Hillary Clinton for granted , " President Barack Obama said in an interview with radio host Frankie Darcell .   President Barack Obama insisted that Hillary Clinton " walked the walk " on issues that    voters cared about and warned voters that the future of President Barack Obama legacy was at stake . " My concern is just making sure that folks , particularly    folks , do n’t suddenly say , ‘ You know we ’re not as excited because Barack and Michelle are leaving and so we ’re just not registering , we ’re not going to vote,’ " Obama said during an interview with Miami ’s Rick Party and Benji Brown . Obama repeated that the election was not a reality show , and suggested Clinton might not give the election was not a reality show the " flash and sizzle " the election was not a reality show were looking for . Obama also warned young people from getting " complacent " even though Obama was confident that young people would prefer Clinton over Trump . " I do n’t worry that young people ’re going to vote Hillary Clinton over Trump , of course young people are , because young people have some sense , " Obama said on Darcell ’s show . Obama said Trump Trump entire message was about " looking backwards not forwards " and " that America is for some people and not all people . " " I do n’t know what Obama ’s done , to help somebody other than Obama , " Obama said . Obama thanked the    community for supporting Obama as president , but warned listeners that all of the accomplishments that Obama had achieved could be rolled back by Trump . " That work can be reversed and so if you believe in what I ’ve done , then I need you to vote even though I ’m not on the ballot , " Obama said . During Obama Miami interview one of the hosts on the show pretended to be a young inner city woman who said she did n’t have a car . " Do n’t even think that people have an excuse not to vote , " Obama said , in response urging her Obama ride a bike or get a ride to the polls . Obama revealed that Obama daughter Malia voted in the Democratic primary in Washington D. C. and told Obama it was " easy and quick . " " This is as important as ’08 , as important as 2012 . " Obama Obama , " Let me tell you , if Donald Trump wins , everything we ’ve worked for is going to be reversed . " 
 