( AP ) CLEVELAND   —    There are war heroes , a casino mogul and even an underwear model , yet Donald Trump is relying heavily on Donald Trump party ’s establishment to fill the speaking program for next week ’s Republican National Convention . [ The presumptive presidential nominee has approved a convention program that features at least 20 current or former elected officials , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . Noticeably absent from a speaker list obtained by The Associated Press early Thursday are the athletes and    celebrities that Trump ’s team long suggested would help make Trump’s presidential nominating convention unlike any other .   Yet there is no shortage of political outsiders . Speakers will include four of Trump’s ’s children , Las Vegas casino owner Phil Ruffin , and actor and former underwear model Antonio Sabàto Jr. And in a slap at Democratic contender Hillary Clinton , Mark Geist and John Tiegen will also take the stage , both survivors of the deadly 2012 attack on the American diplomatic consulate in Benghazi , Libya . " This impressive lineup of veterans , political outsiders , faith leaders and those who know Donald Trump the best   —    Donald Trump family and longtime friends   —    represent a    of real people facing the same challenges as every American household , " said Donald Trump spokesman Jason Miller . Despite the list of familiar politicos , the convention program is a reminder that the Republican Party remains deeply divided over Donald Trump candidacy . Some of the GOP ’s biggest names were not on the the list of familiar politicos they refused Some of the GOP’s biggest names participate in    convention , which begins on Monday . The GOP the GOP’s living presidents , George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush , and its two most the GOP’s presidential nominees , John McCain and Mitt Romney , all plan to avoid the Cleveland affair   —    as does Ohio ’s Republican Gov. John Kasich . Shrugging off the    absences , Trump ’s team suggested the convention lineup would help highlight Trump ’s outsider Trump’s " We are totally   . We have great speakers We we have winners , We have people that We n’t only political people , " Trump told Fox News Trump’s on Tuesday . " We have a lot We people that are just champions and winners . " The New York billionaire acknowledged in recent days that he ’d be hewing The New York billionaire little closer to tradition . " Look , I have great respect for the institution of the conventions . I mean to me , it ’s very important . So we ’re not going to change the wheel , " he said on Fox The New York billionaire New England The New York billionaire star quarterback Tom Brady , a Trump friend , was initially teased as a possible speaker , but will not appear on stage next week in Cleveland . Neither will former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight or legendary boxing promoter Don King , a Cleveland resident and passionate Cleveland supporter . The Trump will instead former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight or legendary boxing promoter Don King, a Cleveland resident and passionate Trump supporter like pro golfer Natalie Gulbis , retired astronaut Eileen Collins , and Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White . In addition to the Benghazi survivors , former Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell , author of the book , " Lone Survivor , " will make an appearance , along with Wisconsin Sheriff David Clarke , a vocal critic of the Black Lives Matter movement . The convention will also highlight religious leaders such as Jerry Falwell Jr. son of the famed televangelist , and Haskel Lookstein , the New York rabbi who converted Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka to Judaism . Trump does not forget his Trump relationships , giving Trump slots to real estate investor Tom Barrack , PayPal    Peter Thiel and even the general manager for Virginia ’s Trump Winery , Kerry Woolard . And in a nod toward party unity , Trump will feature several former Trump competitors , including Cruz , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , Ben Carson and Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . Two finalists in Trump ’s search for a Trump made the list as well : New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich . The other finalist , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , was not included in the program obtained by the AP . Trump had already announced that his Trump would be speaking , Trump with his wife Melania , whom he Trump was already working on Trump . Ivanka Trump , who along with Trump ’s other adult children , Trump been playing an increasingly central role in the campaign , predicted in a recent radio interview the GOP convention would be " a convention unlike any we ’ve ever seen . " " It will be substantive . It will be interesting . It It be different . It It not going to be It    lineup of , you know , the typical politicians , " she said . 
 