Hillary Clinton recently released a tax plan pledging a confiscatory tax rate of 65 percent on the estates of people who want to leave their life ’s work to their families . [ a tax plan pledging a confiscatory tax rate of 65 percent on the estates of people who want to leave their life’s work to their families is so aggressive that Donald Trump used his Donald Trump account to claim that Hillary Clinton had just lost the support of every farm family , small business owner and ‘ Never Trumper.’   Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she Hillary Clinton had , including Never Trump , all farmers   sm . biz , by saying she Hillary Clinton tax estates at 65 % .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 23 , 2016 ,   He Hillary Clinton partly right   —    the    sector and the farming sector are fierce opponents of estate taxes , partly because large tax bills can force families to sell their farms families businesses and restaurants . House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) for instance , recently said it is " morally wrong " to force families who just lost a loved one to face instantly losing their businesses as well . " That ’s not supposed to be something people have to deal with when they ’re people for the loss of a loved one , " he said House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( to The Hill newspaper . Clinton released House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( plan House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( extract massive 65 percent of people ’s    wealth under the headline " Investing in America by Restoring Basic Fairness to Our Tax Code . " That 65 percent levy would be combined with any local or state taxes and fees . Forbes Magazine blasted Clinton ’s House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( Ms. Clinton previously House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( whittling the $ 5 . 45 million figure down to $ 3 . 5 million , and upping the 40 % tax rate to 45 % . But those were modest hikes , and that was then . Now , with populist flair , she wants a 50 House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( 55 % and 65 % rate . The 50 % rate applies to estates worth over $ 10 million per person , 55 % for estates over $ 50 million , and 65 % for estates exceeding $ 500 million . The new proposed estate tax plan makes her prior 40 % House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( 45 % hike seem inconsequential . The financial magazine went on to warn that Hillary ’s new idea could " force sales of family companies , and sales of family farms and ranches " if it ever became law . Meaning a person who worked his whole life to build a business or toiled to create a farm wo n’t be able to leave it to his family a farm them his to sell his family off to pay a farm ’s steep taxes . Whatever the demerits of Hillary ’s plan , Hillary a major departure from her husband ’s tax ideas Hillary he was president in the her husband’s 1990s . After his party was wiped out her husband’s the 1994 midterm elections , President Bill Clinton insisted that even he felt he raised taxes President Bill Clinton much President Bill Clinton In 1995 Clinton made what the media President Bill Clinton " an offhand confession " " Probably there are people in this room still mad at me at that budget because you think I raised your taxes too much . It might surprise you to that budget that I think I raised them too much , too people in this room still mad at me at that budget " Bill Clinton said at a President Bill Clinton in Houston . But this was far less an " offhand confession " than it was the first step in a    campaign built on a Reaganesque economic policy that set the economy booming again after it had begun to slow due the economy his bad tax policies during his President Bill Clinton term . But Hillary President Bill Clinton not learned the lesson a disastrous tax hike taught her husband in the 1990s . Hillary plan would further hamper an Hillary already being strangled by President Barack Obama ’s stifling regulations and tax policies . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 