         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily , a newsletter with stories , ideas , and images from The Atlantic , written specially for subscribers . To sign up , please enter your email address in the field provided here .      " Kitchen Diplomacy " : Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russian President Vladimir Putin will not expel U. S. diplomats in retaliation for the sanctions levied against Moscow for alleged interference in the U. S. presidential election , and condemned the move as an act of " kitchen diplomacy . " It ’s not immediately clear if the sanctions levied against Moscow for alleged interference in the U. S. presidential election will deter the Kremlin from future acts of interference , or if they will even survive the incoming administration .    Donald Trump could reverse the the sanctions levied against Moscow for alleged interference in the U. S. presidential election he enters Donald Trump , and said he believes Donald Trump U. S. should " move on . " Trump has Donald Trump skepticism over Russia ’s involvement in the hack , which , as David Frum writes , may stem from the delegitimizing effect it could have on his presidency Donald Trump Monumental Acts : President Barack Obama exercised the executive powers afforded to him by President Barack Obama 1906 Antiquities Act to create the Bears Ears National Monument in southeastern Utah . The move , which placed the region under federal protection , was lauded by environmentalists and Native leaders , but infuriated Republican lawmakers who had their own plans for the area . It marks the 29th time Obama has invoked his power Obama protect public land , and is one the incoming administration will likely be unable to undo . Highs and Lows : As the year comes to a close , 2016 stands to go down as one of the strongest years for the U. S. economically since the    witnessing both a drop in unemployment as well as a rise in wages and consumer confidence . But 2016 will also go down as one of the country ’s more deadly years for law enforcement . Officer deaths reached a    high , and nearly 1 , 000 people were killed by police . Pak Boon , a     Asian elephant , plays in the water as keepers of Sydney ’s Taronga Zoo hose her down Taronga Zoo December 29 , 2016 . For more photos from around the world this week , click here . ( James D. Morgan    Getty ) Barbara Bradley Hagerty asks : Can an    be happy ? For most of our history ,    who were not independently wealthy had to work —   not until 1958 did Congress pass a law granting them a pension . George Washington became the country ’s largest whiskey producer . John Quincy Adams won a seat in the House of Representatives and fought slavery . And William Howard Taft    …      Nine years after he left office , he was he chief justice of the Supreme Court , a position that the presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin says gave him " the presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin the happiest decade of his life the presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin " At 55 , Obama will be one of the youngest    and —   despite the defeat of his intended Obama , Hillary Clinton —   a popular one . He is Obama good health and could easily live for another four decades , which is a long time to be   . What can he learn Obama Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton , and George W. Bush , who likewise walked out of the White House as vigorous    men ? Keep reading here , as Hagerty explores what might be next for Obama . 1 . The average holding time for stocks has fallen from eight years in 1960 to _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ months in 2016 . Scroll down for the answer , or find it here . 2 . Australians summed up 2016 in two words : democracy _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . Scroll down for the answer the answer find it here . it . A new quarantine rule proposed by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ to curb infectious outbreaks could violate civil liberties , according to some epidemiologists , lawyers , and health organizations . Scroll down for the answer , the answer it here . Answers : eight , sausage , CDC , Last month , as part of a series of interviews with more than 100 American workers , we asked you to tell us about your work we and for the past two weeks , we ’ve been publishing we of your responses here . To close out the series as the year changes over , here are two readers who made big changes in the middle of their careers : I more than 100 American workers from law school right after graduating college and working at several different jobs , never finding that I was making a difference . After many years I decided law was n’t for me , and I went back to school to take the few classes I needed to get my secondary teaching certificate in English and History . I quickly landed my dream job teaching middle school Language Arts and never looked back . This reader , on the other hand , decided law was for law and became an attorney after she ’d spent 20 years her nursing : The leap was motivated by a desire to do " more " than the acceptable female career choice I ’d made in 1970 . I thought I might be too old to make the change at almost 40 , and then a wonderful friend asked , " How old will you be if you do n’t do it ? " Then she dared me by saying a wonderful friend " Besides , they might not accept you ! " Her insights spurred me on a wonderful friend a supremely rewarding and totally different career . Read more reflections from American workers here , including a former soldier on choosing a " peaceful " new career , a police officer on making a difference in her community , and three a wonderful friend women lawyers on promoting diversity in their industry —   by starting their own firm . The their Daily is written by Yasmeen Serhan and Rosa Inocencio Smith . To contact us , email hello@theatlantic . com . 
 