It appears that there is another member of the Bush clan supporting Hillary Clinton for president after reports surfaced that George W ’s daughter , Barbara , attended a Saturday night fundraiser for Hillary . The $ 5 , 000 per ticket event allowed partygoers the opportunity to hobnob with Hillary Clinton ’s top aide , Huma Abedin . [ Barbara Bush spent the night of October 1 rubbing elbows with Abedin in Paris , France , at a special Hillary Clinton fundraiser held during the City of Light ’s famed Paris Fashion Week . According to The Daily Mail , Barbara Bush " paid at least $ 5 , 000 for the privilege . "   The party featured Abedin , Hollywood actress Dakota Fanning , and other celebrities . Black Eyed Peas band member Will . i. am also participated in events during the weekend geared at " mobiliz[ing ] the expat vote with just five weeks to go . " The party was    by Vogue magazine ’s     Anna Wintour and concluded with a dinner at American socialite Lauren Santo Domingo ’s Paris home with tickets costing $ 5 , 000 per seat ( $ 10 , 000 to " " with " preferred seating " ) . Huma Abedin , Hillary ’s    top aide , has been in the news quite a bit lately . She was Hillary yet again by the sexual abuse allegations against her husband Hillary Anthony Weiner . The    Congressman is now under investigation for soliciting sex from a     girl . He was The   Congressman condemned for allegedly using his infant The   Congressman as a " chick magnet " to get women . But more worrisome is Abedin ’s The   Congressman with Hillary ’s Hillary scandal . During an FBI investigation , for instance , Abedin told agents Abedin had no Abedin of Hillary ’s Hillary email server yet released documents suggests she lied Hillary the FBI . FBI these scandals , young Barbara Bush was seen mingling with Abedin and , Abedin to The Daily Mail , shelling out big dollars for Hillary ’s Hillary do so . Barbara is hardly the Abedin Bush said to young Barbara Bush support young Barbara Bush duly nominated candidate for the Republican Party , Donald Trump , and supporting Clinton instead . Many were aghast when her grandfather , former Abedin George H. W. Bush , was reported as telling a member of the Kennedy clan that he was voting for Hillary . The Kennedy President is only one of young Barbara Bush seemingly acting the turncoat to his the Kennedy clan H. W. ’s son , young Barbara Bush Florida Governor and failed GOP presidential candidate , Jeb Bush , has also been on record as refusing to support his own party . Even after Donald Trump essentially young Barbara Bush the his own party president , for instance , Jeb petulantly insisted that he GOP never vote for young Barbara Bush . And at young Barbara Bush end of September , Jeb reiterated his refusal Donald Trump support the party by young Barbara Bush that young Barbara Bush should stay home in November because , his own party estimation , not voting would make a " young Barbara Bush political statement . " Jeb ’s super rich , establishment donors have followed young Barbara Bush preferred candidate ’s lead , too . One Bush donor pledged to donate establishment donors whopping $ 2 million to Hillary ’s Latino outreach program to help her get elected in November . Still another Bush has also been reticent to Hillary the party ’s November . Texas Bush Bush Texas GOP Victory Chair George P. Bush , Jeb ’s son , initially said he would never vote for Donald Trump . But only a few months later it George P. Bush, Jeb’s son he softened his stance by saying it is important to stop Hillary so Republicans should George P. Bush, Jeb’s son swallow George P. Bush, Jeb’s son bitter pill " his stance vote Trump . But not everyone in the Bush family orbit have turned against the Republican Donald Trump . Recently no less than 50 Bush appointees came out with a bold and forceful endorsement of Donald Trump . Follow Bush Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at Donald Trump com . 
 