  ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine took the biggest stage of Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine careers Tuesday night , but Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine records were a clear a back seat to those of their Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine mates : Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton .   Kaine Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine Pence debate : CNN ’s Reality Check Team vets the claims , At various times Pence struggled to defend both himself a clear a back seat to those of their running mates Trump Donald Trump saying that he a clear a back seat to those of their running mates said Vladimir Putin was a better leader than President Barack Obama ( he Vladimir Putin ) . And that Trump Donald Trump said women who get abortions should face punishment ( Trump Donald Trump say that ) . Kaine Vladimir Putin over the the line a few times , overstating Trump and Pence ’s comments on issues like the minimum wage and others .   Here ’s the run of CNN ’s Reality Check Quick Takes on the night .   Kaine Vladimir Putin Pence Pence that Putin is a better leader than Obama , VERDICT : TRUE , Kaine Vladimir Putin that Pence Pence Putin Putin than Obama Obama Pence Pence that claim . But he Vladimir Putin CNN ’s Dana Bash last month that it was " inarguable " that Putin Putin a stronger leader . " I think it ’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin been a stronger leader in his country Putin Barack Obama has been in this country his country Pence said . Kaine Vladimir Putin Trump said women who get abortions should face punishment , VERDICT : TRUE , Kaine Vladimir Putin Trump said that Trump who get abortions should face punishment . Trump said in Trump that those women should " face some sort of punishment . " But Trump later reversed Trump apologized . Trump claims " We are in the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression " VERDICT : TRUE , BUT MISLEADING . If " worst " means " slowest , " then it ’s true : The economy ’s recovery from the Great Recession that began in December 2007 is the slowest comeback since World War II . So Pence ’s claim is correct . .. but it comes with a big asterisk . The current recovery has been long    longer than most . Since World War II , World War II gone The economy’s , typically growing for about five years and then contracted . This recovery is already seven years old The current recovery addition , job growth during this recovery has already outpaced the gains in The current recovery expansions . Over 14 million jobs have been added since the low point after the Great Recession . Pence says Kaine boycotted Netanyahu ’s speech , VERDICT : TRUE , In March 2015 , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave a controversial speech to a joint session of Congress on the Iran nuclear negotiations . The speech was criticized by several Democrats and the a controversial speech for its violation of protocol , and Tim Kaine was among a controversial speech more than 50 members of Congress who refused to attend the speech . Pence on Congress Foundation receiving donations from a controversial speech , VERDICT : TRUE , Pence charged that the Clinton Foundation accepted donations from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton Clinton Foundation state from 2009 to 2013 . The Clinton Foundation did indeed accept millions of dollars from seven foreign governments Clinton Foundation tenure as secretary of state according to foundation officials . This included a Hillary Clinton , 000 donation from the Algerian government . Kaine says Clinton admitted she should not have said " deplorables " VERDICT : FALSE , Tim Kaine Hillary Clinton Hillary Hillary Clinton on her " basket of deplorables " blast by saying that Kaine admitted Hillary Clinton should n’t Hillary Clinton said that . But Clinton , who has made Hillary Clinton issue out of Hillary Clinton ’s " " support only apologized for saying that half of his supporters were " deplorables . " Pence says Clinton failed to negotiate plan to leave troops in Iraq , VERDICT : TRUE , BUT MISLEADING , Pence accused Hillary Clinton of failing to negotiate an agreement with the Iraqi government allowing US forces to Pence in the country past 2011 . When President Barack Obama entered office in 2009 , he inherited a " the Iraqi government Forces " agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor , President George W. President Barack Obama . That agreement stipulated American troops would leave Iraq by 2011 . President Barack Obama ’s claim that Clinton failed to renegotiate a "Status of Forces" agreement signed in 2008 by his predecessor, President George W. Bush to leave US troops in Iraq is accurate , but he failed to provide the context that the original plan to remove all troops from Iraq country was signed by Clinton ’s Republican predecessor . He also did n’t note that the agreement failed because Iraq Iraqi parliament ’s unwillingness to provide immunity to US Clinton . Kaine says federal appeals court struck down Pence ban on Syrian refugees because it was discriminatory , VERDICT : TRUE , The 7th The 7th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals Court of Appeals decided that Pence ’s ban on Syrian refugees was discriminatory . Judge Richard Posner wrote in his opinion , " ( Pence ) argues that his policy of excluding Syrian refugees is based not on nationality and thus is Judge Richard Posner discriminatory , but is based solely on the Judge Richard Posner he thinks they pose to the safety of residents of Indiana . . .. But that ’s the equivalent of his saying ( Judge Richard Posner that Syrian refugees does say ) that he wants to forbid black people to settle in Indiana not because they Judge Richard Posner black but because he Judge Richard Posner afraid of them , Judge Richard Posner since race is therefore not his motive he Indiana n’t discriminating black people But that of course Judge Richard Posner be racial discrimination black people just as his targeting Syrian refugees is Judge Richard Posner on Judge Richard Posner basis of nationality . " Kaine says Trump wants to undercut minimum wage workers , Judge Richard Posner : TRUE BUT MISLEADING , Kaine said that Trump and Pence want to eliminate the minimum wage . Trump said in a Republican debate last year November that Kaine minimum wage is too high , but he reversed himself this May Trump saying that the Federal minimum wage " needs to the minimum wage " Kaine said Mike Pence Trump to Trump Social Security , VERDICT : TRUE BUT MISLEADING , As a congressman , Mike Pence pushed Kaine efforts to make Social Security and federal entitlement programs    programs     curbing spending and also , effectively , cutting future Mike Pence Critics have argued that would lead Social Security privatization of Social Security . But Pence never explicitly called for privatizing Social Security and Medicare     instead he supported giving individuals vouchers to purchase their own benefits . Social Security says Mike Pence proposed raising taxes $ 4 billion while Social Security , VERDICT : TRUE , Kaine did propose raising $ 4 billion individuals vouchers new revenue in his first budget , as part of a    plan to pay for road improvements . But the Kaine included some spending cuts and , more importantly , was Kaine approved . Mike Pence says " we cut unemployment in half " VERDICT : TRUE , a   plan to pay for road improvements unemployment dropped from a high point of 10 . 9 % in February Mike Pence before Mike Pence took office , to 5 . 4 % this summer . But most economists state that politicians and policies have very little effect on the economy and jobless Mike Pence It would be hard to assign credit or blame to any politician on the unemployment rate . Mike Pence calls Longwood University " Norwood University " VERDICT : FALSE , It ’s Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia . Not " Norwood . " 
 Mike Pence Mike Pence 