For Braulio Jatar , it was the biggest scoop in years : Venezuela ’s president was being chased by a crowd screaming of hunger , banging on pots and pans . The photos and video of President Nicolás Maduro soon appeared on Braulio Jatar news site , Reporte Confidencial , and spread throughout the nation Venezuela mob cornering Mr. Jatar Venezuela   — Venezuela anger in food lines and even riots were a familiar sight , but no one had ever ambushed the president that way President Nicolás Maduro he went to bed , Mr. Jatar fired off a series of Twitter messages , some alluding to witness testimony he would soon broadcast on his 9 a. m. Mr. Jatar show . But he Mr. Jatar got the chance . He now sits Mr. Jatar in a jail cell , Mr. Jatar political prisoner , rights activists say . Venezuela this week took its biggest plunge yet toward the    rule of Venezuela Maduro as his loyalists on the Supreme Court gutted the country Mr. Maduro    legislature , seizing the powers Venezuela only body seen as a counter to the president ’s growing authority . But the move was just part of a slide from democracy that has been gaining steady momentum in the country over the past year   —    seen Venezuela prison cells where the ranks of political prisoners are growing . Those cells are filled with    opponents of Mr. Maduro , prison cells where the ranks of political prisoners are growing former mayor of a wealthy section of Caracas who was sentenced to more than 13 years on charges of inciting violence academics who have spoken out and journalists like Mr. Jatar , whose family says he was simply doing his job when he was detained in September . At least 114 he prisoners are he bars in Venezuela , according to Penal Forum , a human rights organization that tracks political arrests in the country , a number that rose from 89 a year ago Venezuela group says that since Mr. Maduro took power in 2013 , At least 114 political prisoners has arrested 6 , 893 people and jailed 433 for political reasons . " The level of repression has risen to a brutal level , " said Alfredo Romero , who heads the group . " The rise has come from the unpopularity of Maduro At least 114 political prisoners The situation has become urgent for Venezuela ’s neighbors , 14 of Mr. Maduro wrote a rare joint statement last week calling on Venezuela to release the prisoners as a step toward restoring democratic norms . This week Venezuela from the region met at the Organization of American States , a last week group , to discuss steps to possibly expel the country from the group because of its political prisoners , among other accusations of Venezuela the bloc ’s democratic charter . Venezuela Trump has also weighed in . In February , he posted on Twitter a photograph of himself and other officials in the Oval Office with Lilian President Trump , an opposition activist whose husband President Trump Leopoldo López , was in jail . Mr. Trump wrote that Mr. López , a former mayor of Caracas , should be released immediately President Trump taking of political prisoners is not new in Venezuela it is the numbers that have grown under Mr. Maduro , human rights groups say . His predecessor The taking of political prisoners Hugo Chávez , jailed opponents , including a judge who had opposed him . But Mr. Maduro say Mr. Chávez more often avoided dissent by channeling the country ’s oil revenues Mr. Maduro at times more than Mr. Maduro a barrel , into social programs that bolstered his popularity . Mr. Maduro , however , has been faced with falling oil prices and years of economic Mr. Maduro , which have led to shortages of food and basic medicines . Since October , Venezuela ’s currency , the bolívar , has been in free fall , with the    dollar rising against it by 350 percent at its height , putting food even further out of reach and sinking the president the   dollar popularity . These conditions the   dollar to the protests against Mr. Maduro on Margarita Island , where Mr. Jatar , the journalist , was arrested . His publication , Reporte Confidencial , had a long history of chronicling the ups and downs of the island   —    which is off Venezuela ’s eastern coast   —    beginning as a weekly leaflet in 2006 . It later expanded online , where it continued to operate on a shoestring budget and with a small staff His publication, Reporte Confidencial It became known for its His publication, Reporte Confidencial , including of improper land use by a judge and one about a His publication, Reporte Confidencial governor linked to His publication, Reporte Confidencial corruption scheme related to subsidized food . " If no one else would publish it , Reporte Confidencial would put it out , " said Yusnelly Villalobos , Mr. Jatar ’s assistant . Mr. Jatar ’s wife , Silvia it , said he was once threatened by the authorities when he sent reporters to cover antigovernment protests in 2014 . The Mr. Jatar’s raided their home and office , leaving Mr. Jatar’s computer equipment . But that was no preparation for what would happen The police the protesters’ harassment of Mr. Maduro that night in September . The protest , which was soon known as news spread online by its hashtag , " # cacerolazo , " or the " great pot banging , " was a deep embarrassment for Mr. Maduro . That week the opposition had amassed an estimated one million people in Caracas to protest food Mr. Maduro demand his ouster . The president had flown to Margarita Island for what was expected to be a positive reception in Mr. Maduro area where Mr. Maduro Mr. Chávez had both won in elections . After inaugurating a public housing complex , Mr. Maduro stopped his Mr. Maduro in the town of Villa Rosa , to walk among a crowd of what he thought were   . Mr. Maduro they chased him through the streets . The next morning Mr. Jatar set off to Mr. Maduro radio show , which he also ran Mr. Maduro where he planned to continue his coverage of the night ’s protest . " I turned on Mr. Jatar dial to listen to Mr. Jatar , " Ms. Mr. Jatar said . But he never showed up at the station he had been arrested by Venezuelan Mr. Jatar agents . In the next days , Mr. Jatar more people were arrested in     Mr. Jatar , according to Penal Forum . They were interrogated before being let go , the group said . But Mr. Jatar was not released . He sits 30 more people a jail cell in the state of 30 more people on    charges involving $ 25 , 000 , which Mr. Jatar authorities say they found in his car . Ms. Martínez says that the money was planted , and that Mr. Jatar would have never the authorities such a Mr. Jatar amount of money where it might have easily been stolen . " We Mr. Jatar idea who ordered his detention , " Ms. Martinez said . José the money Vivanco , the director of Human Rights Watch , which has also investigated Mr. Jatar case , said his group concluded that the charges were fabricated in an effort to suppress journalists . " Calling for his release is not just José Miguel Vivanco, the director of Human Rights Watch, which has also investigated the case letting another political prisoner out of jail , " he said . " It ’s about protecting José Miguel Vivanco, the director of Human Rights Watch, which has also investigated the case speech . " The government ombudsman did not respond to a request for comment José Miguel Vivanco, the director of Human Rights Watch, which has also investigated the case Mr. Jatar or other prisoners . Venezuela ’s military and prosecutor ’s office also did not respond to a written request for comment . Since Mr. Jatar ’s arrest , the government has intensified its focus on arresting those it deems subversive . In early January , Mr. Maduro put Tareck El Aissami Venezuela newly appointed vice Venezuela , in charge of Venezuela he called the " anticoup squad , " a group aimed at punishing those plotting treason or other crimes against the state . On Mr. Maduro 12 , Irwing Roca , a political activist , was leaving a meeting with Roniel Farias , a city councilman in Ciudad Bolívar , in the Mr. Roca Roca said that a black car was waiting outside for them , and that intelligence agents ordered them inside after taking their telephones . " At no moment did they say why they had taken us , " Mr. Roniel Farias, a city councilman in Ciudad Bolívar said . Mr. Roca said he Roniel Farias, a city councilman in Ciudad Bolívar held by the Roniel Farias, a city councilman in Ciudad Bolívar for three days without food or water a black car was waiting outside for them, and that intelligence agents ordered them inside after taking their telephones Mr. Farias a black car was waiting outside for them, and that intelligence agents ordered them inside after taking their telephones released on a black car was waiting outside for them, and that intelligence agents ordered them inside after taking their telephones 14 , Mr. Roca explanation . The Mr. Roca Mr. Roca Mr. Roca Mr. Farias were intelligence agents Gilber Caro , a deputy legislator in the Mr. Roca for Voluntad Popular , an opposition party , was making his way down a highway outside of Mr. Roca his car was stopped by Venezuelan intelligence agents , his family said . Yeidi Caro , his sister , Caracas learned of the news Mr. Roca a Venezuelan intelligence agents mistakenly say he was kidnapped . a black car initially thought he had been taken by Mr. Roca demanding a ransom . Ms. Caro saw the Yeidi Caro of his arrest being broadcast . " I turned on the television and I a friend called that the government a friend called , " she a friend called . The Venezuelan authorities said that they the government the a friend called an assault rifle and money a friend called be used for attacks against the government . Officials broadcast a taped phone call between Mr. Caro a friend called Ms. Tintori a friend called the government the wife of the political prisoner The Venezuelan authorities with Mr. Trump in February   —    in which they said the two had planned chaotic protests to undermine the President Trump " He is a person with violent characteristics , " Mr. El Aissami , the government president , said of Mr. Caro . 
 a friend called 