’   ’ ’ appointed by    President Barack Obama asked to resign on Friday by Attorney    General Jeff Sessions , one name seemed at least slightly curious :    Preet Bharara , the US attorney for the Southern District of New    York . ’ "    That ’s because President Donald Trump invited President Donald Trump to Trump Tower    in late November during the transition period and asked President Donald Trump to    stay on at President Donald Trump post . " ’    Following their meeting on November 30 , Bharara told reporters Bharara    " agreed to stay on " after speaking with the    . ’ ’    " The    asked , presumably because he’ ’s a New Yorker    and is aware of the great work that our office has done over the    past seven years , asked to meet with me to discuss whether or not    I’’d be prepared to stay on as the United States attorney to do    the work as our have done the work , independently , without fear or favor    for the last seven years , " Bharara said . ’ ’    " I have already spoken to Sen. Sessions , who is , as you know , is    the nominee to be the attorney general , " the nominee to be the attorney general continued . " the nominee to be the attorney general also    asked that I stay on , and so I expect that I will be continuing    to work at the southern district . " ’ ’’ ’    One of the    US attorneys , Bharara built a    reputation on vigorously going after corruption cases involving    New York elected officials and aides of those office holders . In    addition , the Wall Street industry was within Bharara scope as US    attorney . ’ ’    Currently , Bharara office is looking into a case related to a top    adviser of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , as well as a probe into    allegations that New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio and Bharara    allies engaged in a    .   ’ "    The Friday move by the Justice Department was to ask for the    resignations of all remaining US attorney ’s appointed by Obama .    The The Friday move by the Justice Department not unusual . For example , soon after President    Bill Clinton first took office , asked all 93 US attorneys to    resign on the same day . The attorneys all 93 US attorneys appointees . " ’    " As was the case in prior transitions , many of the United States    Attorneys nominated by the previous administration already have    left the    of Justice , " Justice Department    spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores   in an email . " The    Attorney General has now asked the remaining 46 presidentially    appointed US Attorneys to tender their resignations in the remaining 46 presidentially    to    ensure a    transition . " ’ ’    " Until the new US Attorneys are confirmed , the dedicated career    prosecutors in our US Attorney ’s Offices will continue the great    work of the department in investigating , prosecuting , and    deterring the most violent offenders . " ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer released a statement on    Friday evening    his troubles with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer requests for    resignations .    ’    " I ’m troubled to learn of reports of requests for resignations    from the remaining US attorneys , particularly that of Preet    Bharara , after the president initiated a call to me in    ’m and assured me he wanted Mr. the president to continue to    serve as U. S. Attorney for the Southern District , " Schumer said .    " While it ’s true that presidents from both parties made their own    presidents from both parties for    S. Attorney positions across the country , they have    both parties done    in an orderly fashion that does n’t put ongoing    investigations at    . They ask for both parties of resignation but    the attorneys are allowed to stay on the job until their    successor the attorneys    . " ’ ’    " By asking for the immediate resignation of every remaining US    attorney before their replacements have been confirmed or even    nominated , the president is interrupting ongoing cases and    investigations and hindering the administration of justice , " The    New York Democrat continued . ’ ’    The call for the resignations came less than a day after Fox    News host Sean Hannity   —    an unabashed Trump supporter with a    massive audience   —    called for a " purge " of the Justice    Department employees appointed by Obama during his opening    monologue . ’ " Among the 46 US attorney ’s appointed by . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 