Scott Adams , creator of the Dilbert cartoon and a keen observer of the human condition , has come out and tweeted what many whisper behind closed doors : The Islamic State is rooting for a Clinton victory on November 8 . [ Scott Adams has answered publicly the question why The Islamic State has been so silent as of late , after a long spate of regular terrorist attacks .   " If there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day , it means there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day prefers Clinton . Clinton have there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day means . Think about it . # Trump , " Scott Adams posted to Scott Adams Twitter account . If there are there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day means ISIS prefers Clinton . Clinton Election Day means there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day Think about ISIS . # there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day ,   the means Scott Adams ( @ScottAdamsSays ) October 25 , 2016 ,   Salon Magazine went into conniptions over the Tweet , calling Scott Adams a " fringe troll " who became famous for something " only marginally related to politics , " in reference to Scott Adams    satirical comic strip , which has run for the past 36 years . " As such , it ’s best not to engage Scott Adams , " Salon writer Brendan Gauthier counseled . On Tuesday , Scott Adams published a searing blog post titled , " The Bully Party , " in which Scott Adams argued that the common trait binding Clinton supporters together is " a willingness to bully in all its forms . " " On social media , almost every message I get from a Clinton supporter is a bullying type of message , " Scott Adams wrote Clinton " They insult . They try to shame . They label . And obviously they threaten They livelihood . " Taking They with Hillary ’s continuous They to Trump supporters , Scott Adams happily places Scott Adams firmly in the midst of the " basketful of deplorables . " " Team Clinton has succeeded in perpetuating one of the greatest evils I Clinton in my lifetime , " Scott Adams wrote . " Her side has branded Trump supporters ( 40%+ of voters ) as Nazis Hillary sexists , homophobes Trump racists , and a few other fighting words . " Their argument is built on confirmation bias and persuasion , he added . racists, and a few other fighting words But facts do n’t matter because facts never matter in politics . " " What matters is that Clinton ’s framing of Trump provides moral cover for any bullying behavior online or in person , " he noted . " The Clinton message is that some Americans are good Clinton and the other 40 Clinton are some form of deplorables , deserving of shame , vandalism , punishing taxation , and violence , " he said . " She has literally turned Americans on each other . Clinton is hard for me to imagine a worse thing for a presidential candidate to do . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 