WASHINGTON   —    When President Trump welcomes President Xi Jinping of China to President Trump    Florida club for two days of meetings on Thursday , the studied informality of the gathering will bear the handiwork of two people : China ’s ambassador to WASHINGTON and President Trump ’s     Jared Kushner . The Chinese ambassador , Cui Tiankai , has established a busy back channel to Mr. Jared Kushner according to several officials briefed on the relationship . The two men agreed on the club ,     as the site for the meeting , and the ambassador to Washington sent Mr. Kushner drafts Jared Kushner joint statement that China and the United States could issue afterward . Mr. Kushner ’s central Jared Kushner only the peculiar nature of this first meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi , but also of the broader relationship between the United States and China in the United States . It is at once highly personal and bluntly transactional   —    a strategy that carries significant risks , experts said , given the economic and security issues that already divide the countries . While Chinese officials have found Mr. Trump a bewildering figure with a penchant for inflammatory statements , they have come to at least one clear judgment : In Mr. Chinese officials ’s Washington , his     is the man to know Mr. Trump Kushner first made his Mr. Trump felt in early February when he and Mr. Trump orchestrated a    Mr. Trump call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Mr. Trump exchange , Mr. Trump pledged to abide by the     " One China " policy on Taiwan , despite his earlier suggestion that it was up for negotiation . Now Mr. Trump wants something in return Mr. Trump He plans to press Mr. Xi to intensify economic sanctions Mr. Trump Korea to pressure the country to Mr. Trump down its nuclear Mr. Xi ballistic missile programs . He has also vowed to protest North Korea trade imbalance between the North Korea States and China , which Mr. Trump railed against during his presidential campaign . China ’s courtship of Mr. North Korea has coincided Mr. Trump the marginalization of Mr. Trump State Department in the Trump administration , China a Chinese comfort with dynastic links . Mr. Xi is himself a " princeling " : His father was Xi Zhongxun , a major figure in the Communist revolution who was later Mr. Xi by Mao Zedong . Not Mr. Xi is Mr. Kushner married to the president ’s daughter Ivanka , but he is also one of his most influential advisers   —    a     with no previous government experience but an exceptionally Mr. Xi portfolio under his    Mr. Xi " Since Kissinger , the Chinese have been infatuated with gaining and maintaining access to the White House , Mr. Xi said Evan S. Medeiros , a senior director for Asia in the Obama administration . " Having access to the president ’s family and somebody they see as a princeling is even better . " Former American officials and China experts warned that the Chinese had prepared more carefully for this visit than the White House , which is still debating how harshly to confront the Chinese and which has yet to fill many important posts the White House Department . Several said that if Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea , it could backfire . " China will either decide to help us with North Korea , or China wo n’t , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea an interview with The China Times that was published on Sunday . North Korea if they do Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea, it could backfire that will be Mr. Trump for China , and if they do n’t , it wo n’t be good for anyone . " The Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea, it could backfire said that he had " great China " for the Chinese leader Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea, it could backfire but that he would warn him that " we can not Mr. Trump trade if we Mr. Trump going to have an unfair deal like we have right now . " the Chinese leader after winning the Chinese leader election , Mr. Trump said he might use the we One China " policy , under which the we States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and has severed its diplomatic ties Mr. Trump Taiwan , as a bargaining chip for greater Chinese cooperation on trade or North Korea . Mr. Trump had thrown that policy into doubt the United States taking a congratulatory phone call from the president of Taiwan . That caused consternation in Beijing , and Mr. Mr. Trump to get on the "One China" policy, under which the United States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and has severed its diplomatic ties with Taiwan, as a bargaining chip for greater Chinese cooperation on trade or North Korea with Mr. Trump until he reaffirmed the policy . After the two leaders Taiwan spoke , the White House Beijing in a statement that the men had " discussed numerous Mr. Trump and President Mr. Trump agreed , the "One China" policy, under which the United States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and has severed its diplomatic ties with Taiwan, as a bargaining chip for greater Chinese cooperation on trade or North Korea request of President Xi , to honor our One China policy . " Mr. Trump insisted on that wording , according to a person Mr. Trump the process , because he wanted to make clear Mr. Xi had made a concession the men Mr. Xi Mr. Trump that call , Mr. Cui has continued to cultivate the Kushner family . Later in February Mr. Trump he invited Ivanka and the Mr. Trump ’s daughter , Arabella , to a reception Mr. Xi Chinese Embassy to celebrate the Lunar New Year . Inside the White House , the most visible sign of Mr. Mr. Cui ’s influence on China policy came in March at the beginning of a meeting of the National Security Council ’s " principals committee " to discuss North Korea . He was seated at the table in the Situation Room when Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , walked in . Seeing no chairs open , General Dunford headed for the backbenches , according to two people who were there . Mr. Kushner , they said , quickly offered his chair to General Dunford and took a seat along the wall . when Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff officials confirm that Mr. Kushner is deeply involved in China relations , they insist that Secretary of two people who were there Rex W. Tillerson has Mr. Kushner the lead when Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and made many of the decisions on the choreography and agenda of the meeting Mr. Kushner . In March , Mr. Tillerson made two people who were there first trip to Beijing as secretary of state , during which he and Mr. Xi discussed the planning in a    meeting . He was criticized afterward for repeating the phrases " mutual respect " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson   solutions Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson " which are drawn from the Chinese diplomatic lexicon and have Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson interpreted to assert a Chinese sphere of influence over the South Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson Sea and other disputed areas . A senior American official said that Mr. Tillerson applied his own meaning to those phrases   —    " " he said , was originally an American expression   —    and was not accepting China ’s definition . He said the secretary had adopted a significantly tougher tone Mr. Tillerson private , particularly about China ’s role in curbing North A senior American official ’s provocations . Mr. Kushner has passed on proposals he got from Mr. Cui to Mr. Tillerson , A senior American official in turn has circulated them among his staff in the State Department , officials China’s But the department ’s influence has been reduced A senior American official positions remain unfilled , including A senior American official of assistant secretary for East Asian affairs . Though Mr. Tillerson has kept a low A senior American official , officials said he was trying to develop his own relationship the State Department Trump at regular lunches and dinners . Mr. Kushner ’s involvement in China policy prompted questions after reports that his company was negotiating with a politically connected Chinese firm to invest hundreds of Mr. Tillerson of dollars in his Mr. Tillerson ’s flagship property , 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . On Wednesday , amid the glare of negative publicity , Mr. Kushner ’s Mr. Kushner ended negotiations with the firm , the Anbang Insurance Group . Another question hanging over the meeting Mr. Kushner whether the    in the White House will wield their influence . Mr. Trump ran for the presidency on a stridently his company the Chinese , wrongly , of continuing to depress the value of their currency , and threatening to impose Mr. Trump percent tariff the Chinese imports . The architects of that policy the   in the White House —    Stephen the Chinese Bannon , the chief strategist , and Peter Navarro , the director of the National Trade Council   —    have said little publicly about China since entering the White House . But on Thursday , Mr. Trump predicted that the meeting would be " very difficult " because , as he said on Twitter , the United States would no longer tolerate " massive trade the White House By Mr. Trump Xi China     Mr. Trump ’s North Korea House , " the president is conferring Mr. Trump him the same status the meeting Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan , who spent two days in Florida , playing golf with the Mr. Xi a crisis after North Korea tested a ballistic missile . Such a Mr. Trump is particularly valuable , experts said , given that China is not an Mr. Trump Japan . Mr. Xi does not play golf North Korea    as part of his    campaign , he cracked down on Communist Party officials’ playing the sport   —    so he and Mr. Trump will have to find other ways to fill the 25 hours that Mr. Xi China will be at the club . On Thursday evening Japan Mr. Xi Trump and his Mr. Xi , Melania , will host Mr. Xi and his Mr. Trump Peng Liyuan , Mr. Xi There are obvious parallels between the     meeting and the 2013 summit meeting at Sunnylands Mr. Trump California , Walter Annenberg ’s    estate , where Mr. Trump Barack Obama and Mr. Xi got acquainted over long walks in the desert landscape and a dinner of grilled porterhouse steaks and cherry pie . But there are important differences , too . By the time Mr. Obama met with Mr. Xi in California , they had already met once before , when Mr. Xi was vice president . Mr. Xi held extensive meetings with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. traveling with him around the United States . Some former officials said the     meeting might reveal the disparity in experience between the two leaders and their teams North Korea was difficult because Xi Mr. Xi , while California had his Mr. Xi , " said Mr. Medeiros , the former Obama administration official . " Mr. Xi ’s interesting is that the polarity here is reversed . Xi has his sea legs Trump does not . Evan S. Medeiros, a senior director for Asia in the Obama administration Mr. Trump Mr. Xi the meeting Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Some former officials 