Pyongyang , North Korea ( CNN ) I ’ve just returned from my tenth reporting trip to North Korea .   While the North Korea closed to most of the outside world , during this trip my tenth reporting trip to North Korea an unprecedented level of access to the lives of ordinary people .   These men and women were chosen by us      although our government guides often had to work hard to convince people to speak to a US network . We asked them about their people on people Korea ’s isolation and economic hardship , and their views on people new US President Donald Trump .   And while they often said people things      tightly controlled state media is their only source they often said similar things      information      we are slowly cracking open the door into their lives . they often said similar things      would hardly be worthy of comment in most countries , but in North Korea it is remarkable . Never before have we had this much latitude while reporting inside North Korea , North Korea one of the most restrictive nations in the world when it comes to the press . Inside North Korea : Day North Korea , Milestones   This latest trip was full of milestones . We did CNN ’s first we live from the streets of the capital Pyongyang , which lasted for more than 20 minutes .   For the first time , I was able to answer questions from CNN ’s social media followers CNN inside the country . We were North Korea shoot many we with our Virtual Reality camera , including we Il Sung Square , the Kimjongilia flower show , a secondary school for orphans , and a new eye hospital .   These VR pieces will be released in the coming weeks and will allow CNN viewers to experience what it ’s CNN to be in these places .   I also had total freedom to post photos and videos on social media , including Instagram , Twitter and Facebook . This was truly extraordinary     by North Korean standards . Perhaps the most enlightening interview of the trip was my conversation with North Korean economist , Professor Ri Gi North Korean   We spoke about North Korea ’s trade relationship with China , the underground marketplace that supplements what the state distribution system ca n’t provide , and even the highest paying jobs in North Korea      coal miners and other manual laborers .   Ri says physically demanding jobs tend to pay twice as much as office jobs , though he could n’t disclose actual salaries . Nobody Ri much by western standards , given that the nation ’s GDP per capita is barely over $ 1 , 000 annually     placing North Korea among the poorest in the world North Korea in Pyongyang , It was surreal when we visited a North Korean Gucci in Pyongyang store selling clothing and accessories from designers like Hermes , Versace , Gucci and others . We went to a coffee Gucci that had $ we café mochas .   Atop another    department store stocked with    electronics and appliances , there was an even a food court on the top floor selling everything from Korean food ( very popular with the locals ) to    burgers and fries ( not popular at all ) .   I was surprised to see hundreds of people with food piled high on their plates     not the image of a " hundreds of people " North Korea so engrained in many peoples’ minds given the reports of famine just two years ago .   Of course , you can not extrapolate from life in Pyongyang what conditions are like in the rest of the country . The capital is clearly a showcase city and gets the lion ’s share of resources . Only the most trusted are allowed live and work in the capital . We are usually not allowed to The capital ourselves how people live outside of North Korea ’s most We city , where the United Nations , aid workers and defectors paint a grim picture of daily life , although we request that kind of access each time we visit We School for orphans , As in previous We , we are still taken on    " sightseeing trips " We places North Korea wants to show off to the world , an attempt to prove what they believe is the superiority of their socialist system .   We do n’t ask to they to these places but , nonetheless , we are expected to cover them during our time in We Korea . We often these places to We these experiences North Korea larger narrative We the country , always putting in context that these shiny new North Korea not represent the full reality of life there .   On one trip we visited a brand new Pyongyang secondary school for orphans , many We whom had lost their parents working in coalmines , factories , and other    enterprises orphans About 70 students put on a music performance for us , during which I felt a wave of sadness knowing they had all lost their parents . Some were shy and quiet About 70 students others flashed big About 70 students and seemed genuinely interested in the strange foreigners visiting their school . Students are required to learn English and some were Some brave enough to speak a few words . It was clear the students’ living conditions were far better than most North Koreans . The nation ’s Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un reportedly designed and inspected the school himself , which has a swimming pool , computer labs , and even its own generator to ensure consistent electricity and heat . We were The nation Kim ordered the school to be supplied with plenty The nation food and supplies for the more than 500 children . I was told they all consider Kim their father . They are being raised as loyal servants to Kim they all . The they all skills they are learning such as driving , computer science , and cooking they all be their jobs for life . I ’m always mindful that the government The vocational skills they are learning such as driving, computer science, and cooking inviting us in with the intention of using us the government purposes . We are only shown the best of the us .   North Korea us the most challenging story I ’ve covered in 17 years of journalism . Nothing in the country is simple , easy , or straightforward .   You must North Korea skeptical of what you see and experience .   No Internet , no international calls , I arrived in Pyongyang two days after Kim Jong Un tested a new kind of    ballistic missile .   As we checked into the Yanggakdo hotel , which sits on an island in us middle of Pyongyang to prevent tourists and visitors from wandering around the city , footage of Pyongyang missile launch was playing on state TV .   The launch , one of dozens Kim has ordered over the last three years , made international headlines mostly because it was the first to occur during the Trump administration . The rest of the world learned of the missile launch within hours . But North Koreans were not aware until an the missile launch on state media the next day . Everything citizens see and hear is carefully screened and approved before being broadcast to the nation ’s 24 million citizens ( or at least those with electricity who are able to watch TV or listen to the radio ) .   Regular people do n’t have the Internet . They ca n’t make international calls . State media is their only ( very small ) Regular people to the outside world . From a young age Regular people North Koreans are told they live under the constant threat of invasion by the US and therefore their government ’s North Koreans of scarce resources to nuclear and missile development is justified .   North Koreans decades , that simple , effective propaganda message has helped three generations of Kim family rulers justify their nation ’s militarization and tight grip on their citizens .   They have perfected how three generations of Kim family rulers keep order and control better than perhaps three generations of Kim family rulers other regime on three generations of Kim family rulers . They do it by keeping out the rest of the world . North Korea is slowing three generations of Kim family rulers up , but only on its own terms . 
 North Korea 