BERLIN   —    A strong relationship with the United States is a bedrock of German foreign policy , so when Chancellor Angela Merkel met President Trump on Friday , German journalists and analysts scrutinized German journalists and analysts body language and the tone of German journalists and analysts remarks for clues about how German journalists and analysts might work together . " Not warm , but not distant , " wrote the    newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung in the   newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung online edition on Saturday . " It could have been a lot worse , " Germany ’s    daily , Bild , wrote of the relationship that is the cornerstone of the NATO alliance and vital to global security . The initial reaction from Mr. Seibert , emphasized the positives . Mr. Seibert welcomed Mr. Trump ’s support of efforts to resolve the crisis in Ukraine and   the president ’s confirmation of the importance of NATO . Mr. Seibert also reaffirmed Germany ’s Mr. Seibert spend 2 percent of its gross domestic product on its military Germany 2024 , as pledged Germany last year ’s NATO summit meeting . But that did not seem to be enough for Mr. Trump , who insisted on Twitter early Saturday that Germany owed the alliance " vast sums Germany money . " " Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS , I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , " he wrote . " Nevertheless , Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel vast sums of money to Germany   the United States must be paid more for the powerful , and very expensive , defense it provides to Germany ! " According to figures released Germany the alliance , Germany spent 1 . 2 percent of Germany gross domestic product on its military Germany 2016 , compared with Germany . 6 percent for the United States . As security experts the United States , NATO members spending more on their defense NATO not automatically translate into more money NATO members sent to Brussels or Washington . The style of making one point and swiftly changing direction reminded some foreign policy experts of the way Mr. Trump acted on the campaign trail , when his position on certain issues could veer wildly from Mr. Trump day to the next . " Once again , we ’ve seen Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , " said Sylke Tempel , the editor in chief of Internationale Politik , published by the German Council on Foreign Relations , remarking on the approach that Mr. Trump took during the leaders’ joint news conference Mr. Trump . " He was Mr. Jekyll while reading his statement , saying Mr. Trump things about economic ties , Mr. Trump commitment to Ukraine , common friendship all the niceties Mr. Trump " Ms. Tempel said . " Then , in the     session , he ’s his old self : disparaging the media , Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump . " Although memories of Ms. Merkel ’s warm relationship with President Barack Obama remain fresh in the minds of many Germans , it took repeated meetings over several years before the chancellor reached that level with Mr. Obama . During a joint news conference in Dresden President Barack Obama 2009 , she displayed stiff body language and a chilly formality , Ms. Merkel after she had denied Mr. Obama permission to speak in front Ms. Merkel the Brandenburg Gate President Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign . In 2006 , Mr. Obama ’s predecessor , President George W. Bush , sought to President Barack Obama over with a playful shoulder rub , a move Ms. Merkel rebuffed by the pragmatic chancellor . One year later , however , at the summit meeting of the Group of 8 industrialized nations , she coaxed Mr. Bush to voice support for her vision Ms. Merkel a global plan to combat climate change Ms. Merkel Yet both of Mr. Trump ’s most recent predecessors followed diplomatic conventions and worked within the institutions established after World War II to foster communication and cooperation among nations . Mr. Trump ’s " America First " approach and his disparagement of global Mr. Trump have caused uncertainty among German politicians and industry Mr. Trump . Asked by a German journalist about this approach , the president insisted that while he was not German trade , the United States Mr. Trump treated unfairly in global Mr. Trump agreements . " But I am not an isolationist , " he said . Less than 24 hours later , however , Mr. Trump ’s government Mr. Trump to back a pledge to fully oppose trade protectionism at a meeting in    Germany , of the finance ministers of the Group of 20 , which comprises industrial and    countries as well as the European Union . Participants last year had agreed to resist " all forms " of protectionism . Germans have been both fascinated and horrified by Mr. Trump ’s willingness to ignore the strictures of diplomacy when dealing with foreign leaders . For example , he has castigated Ms. Merkel for allowing refugees to flow into Germany in 2015 , Mr. Trump’s he has called into question    War II alliances , including NATO and the European Mr. Trump’s . Germans have not been entirely sure what to make of him . " One thing we can depend upon , that we saw yesterday : Mr. Trump’s Trump says what he wants , " Nikolaus Blome , we editor of Bild , wrote in its Donald Trump edition . " He has predictable political interests . What he does n’t Nikolaus Blome, deputy editor of Bild is a predictable way Donald Trump pursue them . " Ms. Tempel Donald Trump of the German Council on Foreign Relations , said predictable political interests : " If this mission was really about getting a first impression , you got your first impression . " 
 