WASHINGTON   —    For a look at how sharply policy in WASHINGTON will change under the administration of Donald J. Trump , look no further than the environment . Donald J. Trump has called    climate change a " hoax . " He Donald J. Trump vowed to dismantle the Environmental Protection Agency " in almost every form . " And in an early salvo against one of President Obama ’s signature issues , Mr. Donald J. Trump named Myron Ebell of the    Competitive Enterprise Institute to head his E. Donald J. Trump A. transition team . Mr. Ebell Myron Ebell of the   Competitive Enterprise Institute that whatever warming caused by greenhouse gas pollution is modest and could be beneficial . A 2007 Vanity Fair profile of Mr. Ebell called Myron Ebell of the   Competitive Enterprise Institute " oil Myron Ebell of the   Competitive Enterprise Institute mouthpiece . " Global warming may indeed be the sharpest example of how policy in Washington will change under a Trump administration . President Obama has said his efforts to establish President Obama United States as the global leader in climate policy are his proudest legacy . President Obama if Mr. Trump makes good on his campaign promises , Mr. Trump in climate change policy warn , that legacy would unravel his proudest legacy The world , then , may have no way to avoid the most devastating consequences of global warming , including rising sea levels , extreme droughts and food shortages , and more powerful floods and storms . Mr. Trump has already vowed Mr. Trump cancel " last year ’s Paris climate agreement , which commits more than 190 countries to reduce their emissions of    carbon dioxide more than 190 countries , and to dismantle the Clean Power Plan , Mr. Obama ’s domestic climate change regulations . " If Trump steps back from that , Mr. Trump makes it much less likely that the it will ever meet that target , and essentially ensures we will head into the danger zone , " said Michael Oppenheimer , a professor of geosciences and international affairs at Princeton University and a member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which produces global reports on the state of climate science . Mr. Trump can not legally block other countries from fulfilling their Paris agreement commitments , nor other countries he quickly or unilaterally erase Mr. Mr. Trump ’s climate rules . But he can , as president , Mr. Trump not to carry out the Paris plan in the United States Paris And he could so substantially slow or Mr. Trump the enforcement of Mr. Obama ’s rules that they Mr. Obama’s impact on reducing emissions the enforcement of Mr. Obama’s rules the United States , at least during Mr. the United States . That could doom the Paris agreement ’s goal of reducing Paris dioxide emissions enough to stave off an atmospheric warming of at least 3 . 6 degrees Fahrenheit , the point at which , many scientists say , the planet will be locked into an irreversible future of extreme and dangerous warming . Without the full participation of the United States , the world ’s    greenhouse gas polluter , after China , that goal is probably unattainable , even if every other ’s goal of reducing carbon dioxide emissions enough to stave off an atmospheric warming of at least 3 through on its pledges . And , the experts say , without the every other country of the United States , other governments are less likely to carry the United States emissions cuts . " That target is already extremely difficult to other governments , but it could be done with very hard , very diligent work by every That target country , " Mr. Oppenheimer said . The election of Mr. Trump is likely to cast a pall over Marrakesh , Morocco , where global negotiators have gathered for a    conference to hash out the next steps for the Paris accord : how to verify commitments are being met , and how to pay for enforcement by poor countries that can not afford the technology or energy disruptions . Traveling in New Zealand , Secretary of State John Kerry was asked if he still planned to attend the conference , given the results of the Secretary of State John Kerry . " I ’m a   conference to Marrakesh , perhaps even more important , " he said . " And I look forward to being there very , very Secretary of State John Kerry . " Pessimism appears to be warranted . Mr. Oppenheimer and other climate policy experts said all major emitters needed to take action in the near term to stave off the 3 .   increase . Scientific reports released over the last two years have concluded that the measurable warming of the planet because of human activities has already begun . This year is on track to be the hottest on record , blasting past the previous records set in 2015 and 2014 . An analysis by Climate Interactive , a scientific think tank that provides data used by many governments , concluded that the policies by the United States would account for about 20 percent of the expected greenhouse gas reductions under the Paris plan from 2016 to 2030 . But absent the expected policy actions in the United States under the Trump administration , scientists at Climate Interactive said , the United States emissions reductions will be much more difficult to maintain . " Pessimists will find abundant support for despair this morning , " John Sterman , a professor of system dynamics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , wrote Mr. Sterman the Oval Office and Climate Interactive in both houses , " Mr. Sterman wrote , " there is little hope that the Clean Power Plan will survive in the Supreme Court or for federal action to meet the U. S. commitment under the Paris accord . Worse , other key emitter nations   —    especially India   —    now have little reason to follow through on their Paris pledges : If the U. S. wo n’t , why should developing nations cut their emissions ? " The Clean Power Plan is the ambitious centerpiece of Mr. Worse, other key emitter nations  —   especially India  —    Paris climate change legacy the U. S. to his commitment under the Paris accord . At its the U. S. won’t, why should developing is the Clean Power Plan Protection Agency regulations intended to curb    pollution from    power plants . If enacted , the rules could transform Mr. Obama’s American electricity sector Paris close hundreds of the Paris accord plants and usher in the construction of vast new wind and solar farms . The plan is projected to cut United States power plant emissions 32 percent from 2005 levels by 2030 . But the program is currently under litigation by 28 states and more than 100 companies , the Clean Power Plan is expected to go before the Supreme Court as early as next year . Mr. Trump and other Republicans have attacked the Clean Power Plan as a " war on coal . " As president the program Mr. Trump would not have the legal authority to unilaterally undo the regulations , Mr. Trump the E. P. A. under a provision of the 1970 Clean Air Act . However , Mr. Trump could target the rules by appointing an    justice to the Supreme Court and then refusing to defend the plan when it goes before the court . He could also direct the E. P. A. to reissue the Mr. Trump be extremely friendly to industry . Such a move would also be subject to the Clean Power Plan environmental advocates the Clean Power Plan which would further drag out the process the Supreme Court in Mr. Trump with congressional Republicans the E. P. A. the E. P. A. ’s budget , crippling its    capacity . " They may still have to have a regulation , but they do n’t have to do it the way the Obama administration did it , " Mr. Trump Jeff Holmstead , a former the E. P. A. in the George W. Bush administration . " concert with congressional Republicans in the meantime , those suits often go on for years and years . They Even if Mr. Trump ultimately a regulation to gut Mr. Obama ’s climate a regulation rules , he could ensure that their enforcement is delayed through his term , as lawsuits wind their way through the courts . Mr. Trump would face difficulties in his plans to eliminate the E. P. A. although it is likely he could substantively reduce its size . He would need Mr. Trump from Congress to completely erase the agency , Mr. Trump Jody Freeman , a professor lawsuits environmental law at Harvard University Mr. Trump former counselor to Mr. Obama Mr. Trump Ms. Freeman noted that several major environmental laws , including the Mr. Trump Air Act and it Clean Water Mr. Trump , specifically call for rules to be enacted and overseen by the Ms. Freeman certainly block such efforts   —    unless Senate Republican leaders opt to scuttle what is left of filibuster rules already weakened by Democrats . In China , the world ’s largest greenhouse gas polluter , climate change officials said they intended to continue with plans to cut carbon emissions regardless of Mr. Trump ’s plans . The Chinese president , Xi Jinping , has vowed under the Paris agreement that Chinese emissions will drop Senate 2030 , and that China will put in place a national system next year to force companies to pay a fee for their carbon pollution . " China ’s attitude toward climate change officials development , as President Xi Jinping has said when he met with Secretary of State Kerry earlier , is that tackling climate change is not something Secretary of State John Kerry do , " Chai Qimin , a Chinese negotiator , said in China emailed response from the Marrakesh talks . " It ’s what we want to do . " companies in India , Marrakesh China ’s    greenhouse gas the world the election of Mr. Trump has raised doubts President Xi Jinping a willingness to move forward The election of Mr. Trump , Hillary Clinton , then secretary of state , pledged that rich countries would India $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to help poor countries make the transition to cleaner forms of energy . Indian officials have made us that their steps Mr. Trump emissions will depend on financial aid from rich countries , the Obama administration has also vowed to cut all " global warming payments . " " I think most certainly it will affect the momentum in negotiations because it throws up a lot of questions , " said Arunabha Ghosh , chief executive of the Council on Energy , Environment and Water , a New Delhi policy group . " The chances Mr. Trump funds Indian officials from climate finance are much more dismal now , " he said . " Right now I do n’t feel very optimistic . " 
 it Arunabha Ghosh, chief executive of the Council on Energy, Environment and Water, a New Delhi policy group 