Washington ( CNN ) The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals early Sunday morning denied the US government ’s emergency request to resume President Donald Trump ’s travel ban . The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has asked for both sides to file legal briefs before the court makes The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision after The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals federal judge halted the program on Friday . What this means is that the ruling by US District Court Judge James Robart , who suspended the ban , will President Donald Trump’s travel ban place     for now . The US Justice Department filed an appeal just after midnight Sunday , asking to pause Robart ’s sweeping decision that temporarily halted enforcement of several key provisions of Trump ’s executive order .   The order bars citizens of ’s executive order.   countries     Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . Homeland Security suspends travel Syria , The Justice Department ’s strongly worded court filing lodged a    attack on Robart ’s decision , emphasizing that halting enforcement of the travel ban " harms the public " and "   the President ’s national security judgment " in the immigration context . " ( Robart ’s ruling ) contravenes the Robart judgment of Congress that the President should have the unreviewable authority to suspend the admission of any class of aliens , " the Justice Department wrote in its filing . " Courts are the Justice Department    to    the President ’s prospective judgment about future risks . Unlike the President , courts do not the President to classified information about the threat posed by terrorist organizations operating in particular nations , the efforts of those organizations to infiltrate the United States , or gaps in the vetting process , " the filing said . Justice Department lawyers its filing that the parties who filed the lawsuit     the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota     lack the ability to sue in federal court because their alleged harms are too " speculative . the ability to sue in federal court Since the federal appeals court rejected a request to federal court ban , lawyers for Washington state and Minnesota have until 3:59 a. m. ET Monday to file legal papers , and the Justice Department lawyers have until 6 p. m. ET Monday evening to reply .   The 9th Circuit extended the filing deadline for one hour because of computer system maintenance . Then a    panel will decide whether to schedule a hearing or issue a ruling . Robart , a Bush appointee sitting in the Western District of Washington , ruled Friday that the states that filed the lawsuit " have met their burden of demonstrating that they face immediate and irreparable injury the states that filed the lawsuit a result of the the states that filed the lawsuit and implementation of the executive order . " James Robart : 5 things to know about judge who blocked travel ban , Robart explained that Trump ’s executive order adversely affects " residents James Robart areas of employment , education , business , family relations , and freedom to travel . " When Trump was asked at a gala in Florida on Saturday whether Trump was confident his administration would prevail in the appeal , Trump replied , Trump We ’ll win . For the safety Trump the country , we ’ll win . " On Saturday , the Department of We Security announced it had suspended Saturday any and all " actions to implement the Department of Homeland Security immigration order and would resume standard inspections of travelers , as it did prior to the signing of the travel ban . the Department of Homeland Security the Ninth Circuit ’s decision on Sunday , a US Embassy official in Baghdad said that holders of valid US visas , including Iraqi Special Immigrant Visas , would be allowed to travel to the United States . " The US Government has determined that it is in the national interest to allow Iraqi Special Immigrant Visa ( SIV ) holders to continue to travel to the United States , " the embassy official said , adding the United States had been a US Embassy official in Baghdad the SIV applicants . 
 