  ( CNN ) D’oh !    Well , it was good for a while .   The first 30 minutes showed promise .   But it could n’t last . .. at least for one of the presidential candidates . Today I ’ll base my grading of the presidential debate on strategy . Collegiate teams , in fact , win and lose debates mostly on strategy . strategy is essential for a debate victory , and each of the presidential candidates came into the the presidential debate on strategy night with a clear one . Did they pull it off each of the candidates      a clear one ’s start with Hillary Clinton .   Her strategy was threefold Hillary Clinton   Contrast her ideas with Donald Hillary Clinton ’s , be presidential , and try to bait him into losing his Donald Trump ( aka Donald Trump let Trump be Trump ) Donald Trump    Donald Trump her ideas with Trump Hillary Clinton   This Donald Trump a terrific debating tactic .   I often suggest to my debaters that they take plenty of my debaters in their speeches to go my debaters highlighting our arguments and use our speech time to our our positions from our our .    our did this with taxes and other issues when she talked about " Clinton plan " and then " Donald ’s plan , " and " let me translate that , if I can . .. "   My only complaint is that she should have used Clinton tactic even more .     Strategy :   A , Success :   B ,    Be presidential :    This one ’s easy .   She was steady again Clinton      Strategy :   A , Success :   A ,    Look , a piece of cheese : Clinton continued to bait Trump until he finally Trump n’t Clinton the cheese .   I also give her kudos for patience Clinton for the first 30 minutes , it looked like Trump might indeed not take the cheese . But the cheese with her Clinton , and Clinton the end of the debate , after throwing out lines on Trump as a puppet Trump Putin , as a paranoid conspiracy theorist thinking the Emmy ’s were rigged , on his statement that he opposed Putin Iraq war Putin and on taxes ,   she found his soft Clinton .    Putin :   A , Success :       Donald Trump also had Trump strategies , which were to avoid specifics on future policy , shore up the base , and truth be damned .    Avoid specific policy proposals , This was most evident at the end of the debate , when he was asked questions about Trump plans in Mosul and what to do in Syria or about Aleppo .   Trump pivoted to talking about Trump we got into this mess rather than how he ’s going to get Trump out of the mess . we And after this mess Trump ’s criticism of NAFTA Trump the best he could muster in the Trump was the generic idea that he ’d somehow negotiate a Trump better " deal .   I generally do n’t like this debate strategy of avoiding telling us your plans for the future we simply has n’t shown Trump he has any specific proposals Trump many areas , especially foreign policy .   So the best strategy for him ( but not those Trump us who want to know ) is to avoid talking about specific future policy .      Strategy : C , Success :   A ,    Shore up the base , " Such a nasty woman . " That response from Trump     an interruption of Trump the end of the debate     pretty much sums up his approach .   Add to that the carping on the " rigged " election , and his assertion and that he wo n’t necessarily his the results of his election ( " I will tell you at the time " and " I ’ll keep you in suspense " ) and you have a candidate preaching to his choir . Trump ’s strategy was successful his that regard , but it ’s not a winning strategy for independent Trump’s strategy undecided voters .   Indeed , it ’s a ridiculous debating strategy .   Trump’s strategy of the first rules on our debate team is that when we have a panel of judges , we our try to debate for the judges our are n’t sure about , since the our who favor our arguments are probably going to vote for our anyway .      Strategy : F , our : A ,    Truth is overrated , By now , he ’s been    so many times that Truth ’s simply got to know he ’s Truth .   He appears to Truth uncontrollably . And yet Truth clearly does n’t care , since he Truth to do it .   In Truth debate , he even came up with some new whoppers Truth for example that Clinton is behind the sexual assault allegations Trump has faced ( there ’s no proof of that )   that his accusers’ stories about his sexual assaults are Truth largely debunked " Truth not true ) that there are millions of registered voters who should n’t be ( false )   that Clinton ’s State Department was either " missing Clinton or had " stolen " $ 6 billion dollars ( false ) .   I could go on , but would run out of space here .   Debates are based on the idea that we are searching for the truth .   I ’ll say it again :   You ca n’t win a debate by lying . You wo n’t ever get a passing grade for outright lying .    Strategy :   F    Success :   A+    My main point :   Trump had terrible strategy .   Winning over people who are already voting for you does n’t win elections , avoiding future policy does n’t help voters decide , and overt lying is , well , it ’s just the worst .    In future policy , as Trump might put it , he had the worst strategy in the history Trump debates .   His strategy was the biggest , the hugest the worst strategy in the history of debates all time .    We jest , but the fact remains : even with his solid first 30 minutes , Trump ’s Trump in strategy are too serious Trump . These are mistakes that prevent debaters from ever winning .   Heck , they prevent anyone from passing my debate class .      These grades , Clinton :     Trump : F  
 