Atlanta ( CNN ) Democrat Jon Ossoff fell just short Tuesday of capturing a House seat in a longtime conservative stronghold in Georgia , serving a reminder to Republicans of President Donald Trump ’s unpopularity . Democrat Jon Ossoff received 48 . 1 % of the vote , shy of the 50 % President Donald Trump needed to win outright . President Donald Trump and the other top       Republican candidate Karen Handel , who received 19 . 8 %     will now face off in a runoff election in June , a likely uphill climb for Democrats now that the Republican vote in a reliably GOP district will be consolidated behind one candidate . The hotly contested race carried major implications as a gauge of the President ’s popularity     and Trump himself seemed to grasp the high stakes , playing a direct role in the high stakes closing days .   Democrats saw Democrats as an opportunity to drive a wedge between Trump and congressional Republicans fearful that Trump and congressional Republicans could drag down the party in the 2018 midterms     while also delivering a psychic boost to an energized progressive base .     RELATED : How a Georgia House race could rock the national political landscape , a Georgia House race nearly pulled a Georgia House race off . a Georgia House race was a strong showing for the Democrats in an unusual " jungle primary " in a district that Mitt Romney won by 23 points in 2012 , and where Republican Rep. Tom Price was    with nearly 62 % of the vote in 2016 before being named Trump ’s health and human services secretary . " There is no doubt that this is already a victory for the ages , " Ossoff told supporters late Tuesday night . " That no matter what the outcome is tonight     whether we take it all or whether we fight on     we have survived the odds . we have shattered expectations . we are changing the world . And your voices are going to ring out across this state and across this country . "   Even after Ossoff left the stage , many supporters stuck around , chanting , " Flip the Sixth ! "    Trump ’glad to be of help’ A       former congressional staffer , Ossoff quickly emerged as an online fundraising superstar . Progressive activists led by the liberal blog Daily Kos pumped $ 8 . 3 million into Ossoff campaign largely because it Ossoff their best odds out of four special elections for previously    House seats of flipping one and sending a message .   Trump erased any doubt the contest was all about him Trump he Trump into the race at the last minute . Trump Trump a robocall to Republicans in the district and attacked Ossoff on Twitter repeatedly on Monday and Tuesday . The President tweeted after midnight that he The President " Glad to be of help ! "     even though the the district competitive largely because of Trump Trump unpopularity with the    white voters who make up much of its voting the district . Handel said on Twitter Wednesday Twitter that Trump Trump called her Trump Handel told Handel ’s " New Day , " that despite preventing a Ossoff from an out right when , the situation in the district is " all hands on deck " for Republicans . " We know what is at stake here and I do n’t think that this is about any one person , " Handel told Handel ’s CNN Cuomo . " We all have to rise above it     that it is about the district that has a long legacy of Republican leadership . " The    experience for Republicans     on the heels of one a week earlier in Kansas , where Democrats nearly flipped a    district     could still have the effect of leading GOP lawmakers in competitive states and districts to seek distance from the President , making it even more difficult for Trump to advance his agenda the President Capitol Hill .   In Tuesday ’s results , Democrats saw more evidence of a playing field for the 2018 midterm elections that has drastically expanded     and given the party Democrats senators up for    in states that Trump won Trump breathing room .   " To me , what ’s amazing is that we continue to see this level shift across the country , a    swing , that puts about 123 Republican seats potentially in play , " said Daily Kos founder Markos Moulitsas .   " At that point , very little is off the map , and getting the 24 seats we need to take back the House is suddenly a real possibility , GOP gerrymander or not , " Moulitsas said . Daily Kos founder Markos Moulitsas It also potentially puts the Senate in play , while certainly protecting our endangered    incumbents . All of this , and we ’re still in Trump ’s supposed ’honeymoon’ period . "   Attention shifts to runoff election , Republicans have long believed that     particularly with such high turnout in Tuesday ’s contest     Ossoff would near his    mark Ossoff jungle primary and have little room to grow his support in the Ossoff .   There are few parallels to draw because the race is a special election with unique dynamics , and because of the unusual primary in which the top two finishers would advance , regardless of party .   One that would trouble Democrats and reassure Republicans came in a 2006 special election for California ’s 50th District House seat . There , Democrat Francine Busby won 44 % of the vote in the jungle primary     well ahead of Republican Brian Bilbray ’s 15 % . But in the     runoff , Busby was stagnant , Democrat Francine Busby 45 % while Bilbray surged to 49 Republican Brian Bilbray support in the conservative district .     Democrats , meanwhile , saw Handel     whose 55th birthday was Tuesday     as the Republican against whom they would fare the Democrats , in part because of her conservative stances on Handel     issues and attacks on Planned Parenthood .   Handel lost a 2010 Handel     for governor and a 2014 Republican Senate primary and was accused of overspending as a county commissioner in a 2017 jungle primary attack ad from the conservative Club for Growth . She was hammered by Handel     foes in the runoff who aligned themselves with Trump     raising the prospect that those Trump voters could skip Trump     runoff entirely .   Handel ’s efforts as secretary of state to purge Georgia ’s voter rolls by requiring voters to prove their citizenship led to voters with the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division .   In an interview last month , Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez     who led the Civil Rights Division during President Barack Obama ’s first term     said voters would hear " a lot " about Handel ’s efforts to require voters to prove their citizenship if she voters to the runoff .   " Secretaries of state matter , and when they ’re good , voters people can actually vote who are eligible to vote . And when they ’re following the voters playbook of the far right , they make it harder voters people to vote , " Perez said , referring to the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council .   RELATED    DNC chair on Georgia race : ’We have a lot of wind at our back’ Perez told CNN New Perez " on Wednesday said Trump was too celebratory too early .   " He spiked the football Trump early , Chris , " Perez told CNN ’s Perez Cuomo . " ( I ’d ) rather be Jon Ossoff than ( Republican candidate ) Karen Handel right now . " 
 