PHILADELPHIA   —    Hillary Clinton stepped into history . Hillary Clinton daughter , Chelsea , lent a hand . And supporters of Bernie Sanders packed up supporters of Bernie Sanders signs , some of Bernie Sanders admirers still unmoved by Hillary Clinton as the clock ran out on the Democratic National Convention . Our takeaways from the the Democratic National Convention final night : Bill Hillary Clinton pains this week to cast his wife Hillary Clinton a " change maker . " You will not hear Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton But under the brightest spotlight of an election brimming with outsider fervor   —    powering Donald J. Trump to the Republican nomination and Mr. Sanders to unexpected success   —    Mrs. Clinton presented Hillary Clinton something different Hillary Clinton She is a creature Hillary Clinton the system and unapologetic about her résumé . " Hillary Clinton the people at this podium are new to the national stage , " she said , preparing Hillary Clinton tick off her many titles . Hillary Clinton I am not one of those people . " It the people at this podium gambit premised in part on her atypical Republican opponent Hillary Clinton —    and a hope that promises of incremental change might sound more palatable when the alternative is viewed as truly dangerous . " I sweat the details , " Mrs. Clinton said . Hillary Clinton not . But she is betting , at Hillary Clinton , that they think someone should . Demonstrations inside Voters outside the convention hall this week made clear that Mrs. Clinton had some work Hillary Clinton to persuade at least some    supporters of Mr. Sanders . On Thursday , she seemed to acknowledge as much Hillary Clinton quickly addressing them directly with a simple message : I hear you . " Your cause is our cause , " she said , thanking Mr. Sanders Hillary Clinton placing issues of economic and Mr. Sanders " front and center , where they belong . " Total unity has been elusive , and could remain so . As Mrs. Clinton accepted the nomination , some Sanders delegates stood    occasionally booing or silently protesting Mr. Sanders During the Republican primary race , Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration appeared to do nothing but help at the polls , even as rivals objected with varying degrees of outrage . Democrats appear convinced they can win the argument among the wider electorate Democrats And they may have found their most potent voice : Democrats Khan , an Democrats Muslim whose son , Humayun S. M. Khan , was killed in Iraq . In a stirring address , his stoicism building to a controlled simmer , Mr. Mr. Khan challenged Mr. Trump on behalf of " patriotic American Muslims " everywhere . " You have sacrificed nothing , " Mr. Khan said , his wife standing silently beside Mr. Khan " and no Mr. Khan . " For organizers Mr. Khan the choice to showcase Mr. Khan amounted to a pointed dare : Are these Mr. Khan American enough for you , Mr. Trump ? Mr. Trump has presented himself as something of Mr. Trump plan , Mr. Trump he is the Mr. Trump force standing between the United States and    dystopia Mr. Trump Republican leaders have accused Democrats of giving terrorism issues short shrift in Philadelphia . But as Thursday ’s slate made clear , Mrs. Clinton ’s team believes that Mr. Trump , with his scattershot defense policies and often erratic statements , has supplied an opportunity Mrs. Clinton’s For much of the evening , matters of public safety took center stage , with testimony from a retired Marine general   —    to chants of " U. S. A. ! "   —    a Texas sheriff and the relatives of fallen officers . It was consistent with a theme of the week : No presumed Republican motif   —    from an emphasis on national defense to conspicuous invocations of faith to warm quotations of Ronald Reagan   —    is safe from Democratic encroachment in the age of Trump . In her presidential runs , Mrs. Clinton has at times struggled with how , Mrs. Clinton how often , to highlight her gender . No more . First Chelsea Clinton paid tribute to her Mrs. Clinton compassion , saying that Mrs. Mrs. Clinton mother would be proud . Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton , calling herself Mrs. Clinton mother ’s daughter and my daughter ’s mother , " stopped to cheer Mrs. Clinton nomination own mother a milestone in our nation ’s march own mother a more perfect union Mrs. Clinton " There is a risk in turning off male voters , with whom she has fared poorly in surveys . Mrs. Clinton argued explicitly that they , too , Mrs. Clinton a stake in her success , whether or not they recognized it . " When any barrier falls in America Mrs. Clinton " she said , " they clears the way for everyone . " 
 Mrs. Clinton 