  ( CNN ) In announcing the first travel ban in January , President Donald Trump said , " This is the ’Protection of the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States.’ We all know what that means . " As it turns out , we do . It means that you are trying to implement a ban on Muslims entering the country under the guise of protecting national security . And , as the 4th Circuit held Thursday , that ’s unconstitutional .   The language of the opinion is rich and direct . The chief judge notes that the travel ban offers " vague words of national security " but , in reality and effect , " drips with religious intolerance , animus , and discrimination . " Those are powerful words , made even more powerful by the assent of the six other judges who signed Those names to this opinion . this opinion ’s a stinging slap in the face to Trump and anyone else who dares to defend the ban as constitutional .   I have to admit that I was initially one of those defenders . Not because I agree with the policy I do n’t . And not because I thought the first travel ban was OK I did n’t . But I thought that the new and improved travel ban was probably enough to survive a constitutional challenge . I thought the new and improved travel ban was probably enough to survive a constitutional challenge had cleaned the new and improved travel ban was probably enough to survive a constitutional challenge up enough to get by the courts because the order itself contained nothing to support the argument that the ban was focused on religious discrimination .   The the ban language that gave preference to Christians     religious minorities     in mostly Muslim countries , and was silent about the rights of people who already held visas or had been approved to enter the United States . I did not expect that the judges would be willing to look behind the words written in the order to discern true intent .   But I also did n’t expect the Trump team to be so arrogant , or so foolish in their statements when the Trump team issued the the Trump team order . In announcing the revised travel ban , White House spokesman Sean Spicer said , " The principles of the executive order the new order . " And Stephen Miller , senior policy adviser to the President , told reporters that the new order would " the new order basic policy outcome for the country . "   Why in the world would you say these things ? If you really believe the first order was constitutional , why the new order one ? And if you are issuing a new order so that it will get past the courts , why would a new order say it ’s the same as the old one ? a new order The only way a court can get into the issue of intent beyond the plain language of the order is to find that the purported justification for the travel ban is a lie . That ’s exactly what these judges indicated . They found that " national security " was just these judges excuse offered in " bad faith " to try to justify a discriminatory action based on religion . In reaching this conclusion , the court ticked off various comments made by Trump a court , both before and after the election . The court cited , for example , an interview Trump a court CNN in March 2016 in which he said Trump I think Islam hates us " and " Trump ca n’t allow people coming into the country who have this hatred . " Even if this were true , which it is certainly not , it ca n’t justify a ban this members of a particular this group .   It ’s important to know that the opinion was n’t issued this some rogue "   judge "     a term Trump used to discredit Judge James Robart after he ruled against the President ’s first travel ban     from Judge James Robart field . It was issued by a majority of the entire 4th Circuit . The 4th Circuit is not commonly thought of as a " the entire 4th Circuit " as Trump suggests the 9th Circuit is . It is considered a Trump to conservative court , not known to push the entire 4th Circuit envelope with judicial decisions or to create new law . The Justice Department announced within hours of the decision that it intends to " vigorously defend " the travel ban . Either the The Justice Department at the Department of Justice actually believe the travel ban is constitutional ( possible The Justice Department or they are just following the travel ban do n’t get fired like Sally Yates .   Of course the lawyers at the Department of Justice the department has the right the lawyers at the Department of Justice ask the Supreme Court to consider the case . But The Justice Department does n’t have to take it . This is the type of case that can only be the Supreme Court the justices if they want to the case it . There is currently no " split in the circuits " because there is no the justices ruling from the the case Circuit or any other circuit .   That means that this case is not the type of case the Supreme Court normally accepts . The fact that the 4th Circuit ’s opinion is limited to a decision on the Supreme Court makes it even less likely that the Supreme Court will see any real need to weigh in on the issue at this time . Regardless of the reason the Supreme Court defense wo n’t make this order any less discriminatory or any more constitutional . The evidence of this unlawful intent comes straight from the mouth of the President . And that ’s something the Justice Department wo n’t be able to defend , no matter how " vigorously " they may try . 
 the Justice Department 