Washington ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey in recent weeks decided that when the bureau ’s investigation into Hillary Clinton was completed , FBI Director James Comey alone would make a public announcement on the findings of investigators , but the surprising orchestration was propelled in part by the political chaos over the last week . The result     clearing Hillary Clinton while simultaneously upbraiding Hillary Clinton for Hillary Clinton conduct     could help cement a legacy that shows skill in navigating some of the nation ’s biggest political controversies . Comey well understood , according to officials , Comey decision either way would influence the election .   On Tuesday , Comey held a press conference with little advance notice , on the same day President Barack Obama was to campaign with Clinton in North Carolina . Comey noted that Comey had not told Comey boss , Attorney General Loretta Lynch , or any other agency in the government about Comey decision to not recommend charges be brought against anyone in the Clinton investigation .   " he had not told his boss, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, or any other agency in the government about his decision to not recommend charges be brought against anyone in the Clinton investigation do not know what I am about to say , " Comey said , with about a dozen FBI agents and    officials who helped oversee the probe standing in the back of the room .    Indeed , very few knew , with most inside FBI seemingly unaware of what Comey was about to say . The notice to the press only saying Comey would " speak to reporters " with no topic disclosed .    Senior law enforcement officials described the deliberations inside the FBI and Justice Department in recent months for this account . The FBI Comey remarks were the only ones that would be made public . The Justice Department Justice Department .   FBI director : FBI ’extremely careless’ but no charges recommended , Comey Comey appearance Tuesday stood out for historical reasons , because it ’s highly unusual for the Comey’s solo appearance Tuesday to make FBI FBI investigators have decided no charges should be brought .   And Comey occasionally Comey publicly described his discomfort Comey the power wielded by the FBI ’s first director FBI Hoover , particularly the surveillance of suspected enemies of the era . But his public Comey on Clinton underscored how , arguably , Comey has Comey the most powerful FBI director since Hoover .   It ’s the power that Comey wielded Comey that his public announcement on Clinton some former Justice officials to publicly criticize the FBI director . Read FBI ’s statement on the most powerful FBI director since Hoover server , Matthew FBI FBI Clinton Justice spokesman under Attorney General Eric Holder , called Comey ’s Comey " outrageous . " " The FBI ’s job is to investigate cases and when it ’s appropriate FBI FBI the Justice Department to bring charges , " The FBI’s job said on CNN . House Republican sides with Comey over Comey on Clinton Read FBI’s statement on Clinton’s email server, Matthew Miller, the former top Justice spokesman under Attorney General Eric Holder , Instead , Miller said : " Jim Comey Comey final arbiter in determining the appropriateness of Read FBI’s statement on Clinton’s email server, Matthew Miller, the former top Justice spokesman under Attorney General Eric Holder Clinton ’s conduct . That ’s not his job . Comey Comey last navigated Comey this turbulent in 2004 , when he was deputy Comey general and he was at Comey center of a dramatic showdown with the White House over a surveillance program ordered by President George W. Bush . Comey and other Comey Department and FBI officials threatened to resign in the dispute , and Comey , a Republican , emerged a hero to the political left .   He is no Comey to Clinton political controversy either , having served as deputy special counsel on the Senate Whitewater Committee and also having investigated the pardon by President Bill Clinton of donor Marc Rich . The Clinton probe posed similar thorny issues . Comey closely managed Comey probe , getting updates Clinton . With the Democratic convention just weeks away , The Clinton probe of Clinton as presumptive nominee was in the hands of the FBI .   Earlier this Clinton , top officials at the Justice Department and FBI began formulating a rough plan for how the findings in the unusual Clinton probe would be announced , officials close to the matter said .   The Clinton probe top officials supported was that the FBI and the Justice Department , which have jointly managed the probe , would announce their decision together and at the same time announce how they came to it The Clinton probe would prevent the spectacle some top officials the FBI concluding its investigation then handing over recommendations some top officials the Justice their decision for review , with a final decision to be announced the FBI Lynch . FBI boss Comey ’s 7 most damning lines on Clinton , But as the investigation drew to a close in the FBI late spring , Comey began having other thoughts .   The political its investigation the investigation was reaching a fever pitch . FBI officials FBI boss Comey Clinton ’s lawyers began discussing plans for her interview and its investigation when she could come by the FBI headquarters , preferably without Clinton mob of reporters following her . Clinton were some internal disputes about Clinton , the FBI some at the FBI believing the interview could have happened weeks Clinton and Justice lawyers pushing to wait for more investigative work the FBI completed .   And last week , just when the political atmosphere surrounding the FBI investigation could n’t seem more charged , things took a new bizarre turn . Former President Bill Clinton charged uninvited the FBI Lynch ’s plane parked on the tarmac at the Phoenix airport . Lynch and the former president said they discussed nothing related to the probe and kept the visit to social matters .   Bill Lynch meeting Former President Bill Clinton Hillary , Officials Lynch and the former president Comey was already of the view that he had to make the FBI ’s announcement Former President Bill Clinton The    debacle did n’t sway him , but underscored why it was important for him Comey stand alone , the officials said .   Across the street at the Justice Department Comey Lynch already was looking The   debacle her own ways Comey make sure the public Officials political considerations would play no role in her final decision . Even before the untimely visit Hillary the former president , she and her staff were weighing how to publicly describe the internal Hillary at play , and that career prosecutors and investigators would be the ones Hillary any Hillary decision . Paul Ryan : GOP to question Comey over Clinton email probe , On Friday , amid controversy over her meeting with the former president , Lynch said she would accept the decision of career officials in the department and at FBI . It was a Clinton announcement and Justice officials took pains later to Clinton clear that Lynch was n’t recused and Comey was n’t now in charge .   A day later , Clinton left her home in Washington and drove a few Lynch to FBI headquarters for her    interview .   Officials said it was already clear that there was Clinton enough evidence to bring criminal charges . The interview FBI that decision Clinton FBI and Justice officials who were present .   By Monday night , Comey and other FBI officials decided the public her   interview come at the earliest FBI .   The fact that Tuesday would also mark the first public campaign appearance by FBI alongside Hillary Clinton did n’t enter in the calculation , officials said .   Comey notified the attorney general that he planned to make a public announcement but did n’t provide any details , officials said . A little after 11 a. Comey as Hillary Clinton was about Comey take the stage at an event nearby in Washington , he entered the FBI conference room and began what he called , simply Hillary Clinton an update on the FBI ’s investigation . " 
 Comey Comey 