Before Facebook unveiled measures to monitor the spread of " fake news " on the platform , Silverman was working as an adjunct professor for the same media organization that created the    rules Facebook will use to flag and label fake news stories . [ In December 2011 , Silverman became an adjunct faculty member at the Poynter Institute . At Poynter , Silverman reported " Silverman trends and issues regarding media accuracy and the discipline of verification . "   Poynter funds PolitiFact Poynter which is one of the " third party organizations " Facebook will use to determine real from fake news . Silverman , dubbed Silverman " fake news expert " by Fortune , has spent years chronicling inaccurate news reporting . He published a book about how media misinformation can " pollute the press and imperial free speech . " In 2014 he launched Emergent He a website dedicated to tracking fake news in   . The    startup caught the attention of BuzzFeed     Ben Smith . In April 2015 , Smith hired Silverman BuzzFeed    Ben Smith run BuzzFeed ’s    Canada bureau . By June 2016 , with the presidential election in full swing , Silverman ’s reporting Silverman more on media . On November 3 , 2016 , Silverman and    Lawrence Silverman published a piece on BuzzFeed identifying a multitude BuzzFeed    " fake news " sites being run out of Macedonia . Despite the Guardian having published a very similar story in August , Silverman ’s BuzzFeed piece Silverman    BuzzFeed identifying a multitude of   "fake news" sites being run out of Macedonia . In a matter of days , the story was cited a very similar story New York Times , the Washington Post , BBC , Slate , Vox , and many others and left some placing blame for the rise of fake news on Facebook . " [ H]ere we are , in the home stretch of a momentous election in which truthful reporting should be at a premium , and Facebook is overrun with viral Facebook that ’s misleading voters , fueling partisan rage , and —   according to an analysis of the data on hyperpartisan news sites by BuzzFeed in October —   benefiting one candidate far more than the other , " wrote Slate senior technology writer Will Oremus . " Who needs foreign interference when you have Facebook ? " Oremus wondered Facebook Mere hours Slate senior technology writer Will Oremus Election Day , President Obama was rebuking the spread of fake news on Facebook . " As long Facebook it ’s on Facebook   …     people start believing it , " Obama said it " It President Obama this dust cloud it nonsense . " To be clear , the impact of fake news on the election had been a hot topic long before Buzzfeed ’s Macedonia article . But that story seemed to spur a spike in interest around fake news . In the weeks after Silverman ’s Macedonia piece was published , Macedonia searches for " fake news " skyrocketed .   Now , a month after Hillary Clinton ’s shocking election loss to Donald Trump , " fake news " and foreign influencers have become the blanket excuse for her devastating defeat . Indeed Hillary Clinton Silverman , Clinton , and Silverman are Hillary Clinton fake news a prevailing force of    propaganda . But some of the most viral fake news stories came from sites run by a California liberal named Jestin Coler , as reported by NPR . Coler ’s " Denver Guardian " page contributed one of the five most viral " fake news " stories of the election , according to Silverman ’s own analysis . And while Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and its COO Sheryl Sandberg insist Facebook social media site is n’t to blame for Clinton ’s loss , dejected Democrats , including Clinton , believe otherwise . Clinton It ’s now clear that    fake news can have real world consequences , " Clinton said last week . Clinton It ’s a danger that It be addressed , and addressed quickly . Bipartisan legislation is making its way through Congress to Bipartisan legislation the government ’s response to foreign propaganda , and Silicon Valley is starting to grapple with the challenge and threat of fake news . " Indeed a burgeoning bugaboo for Facebook , fake news , however , has been a boon for Silverman : earlier this month he was named BuzzFeed ’s Silverman ever Media Editor . " Fake news has been a really extraordinary story , and it turns out it ’s Fake news kind of Fake news Craig has been kind of preparing for for some time —   maybe his whole life , " Craig said of Silverman . " Craig has Silverman shown that Craig can take a really Craig view of the fake news story , and bring some real analytical rigor to it . " Silverman , for his part Silverman says reporting Silverman news is his " destiny . " Silverman as fate has it , Poynter , Silverman ’s old employer , Silverman partnering with Facebook to select official fact checking news organizations that will decide what is and is n’t fake news on the platform . Signatories of Poynter ’s International    Network Poynter ( IFCN ) code of five    principles will now wield massive amounts of influence over what stories appear and do n’t appear in news feeds on the world ’s largest social media network . Signatories will reportedly be vetted to " ensure compliance . " Fact checking outlets that do n’t meet Poynter ’s standards will be Poynter . " There are currently six fact checking sites working with Facebook   —    some of them    partisan groups . Snopes Facebook   for example , employs fact checkers who have    backgrounds , and    PolitiFact has repeatedly shown sympathy toward Democrats , attacked Republicans , and has been financed by    billionaire George Soros . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 