’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump , who has reportedly been isolated and    frustrated by the negative coverage engulfing    administration    in recent days , may be considering a major reorganization of       White House staff ,   from Mike Allen on Sunday . ’ ’    Trump is said to have been furious at Trump communications team   —      led by Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Communications Director    Michael Dubke   —    for what Trump has characterized as Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Communications Director   Michael Dubke      failure to defend Trump decision to fire former FBI director James    Comey , . ’ ’    However , Trump kept Spicer and the communications team in the    dark regarding Trump kept Spicer decision to fire Comey until the last possible    moment , according to The Times . ’ "    Regardless , Trump seems to be considering a sweeping shakeup of    Trump West Wing staff in the wake of the media firestorm that    followed    abrupt decision to fire Comey   —    the man who was    overseeing an FBI investigation into the Trump campaign ’s    possible collusion with Russia during the 2016 presidential    election . " ’    After Comey was fired , the White House scrambled to get an    official statement out . Initially , the White House said that   and was based entirely    upon the recommendation of deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein    and Trump . ’ "    The next day , however , Trump said he had been Trump firing    Comey for a while , and that Rosenstein ’s memo had sealed the    deal . Later , Trump again shifted Trump rhetoric , Trump that he had    Trump decided to fire Comey before he   Comey Rosenstein   Comey memo Rosenstein’s "    The resulting media chaos reportedly threw the White House into    turmoil , as    and surrogates worked to craft a message around    the president ’s    statements to the media . " ’   ’ "    As his staff continues to manage fallout from Comey ’s firing ,    among the people Trump is most upset at are chief of staff Reince    Priebus , Dubke , and Spicer , according to the Times report , which    cited six West Wing officials . " ’    Trump is specifically eyeing Trump crackdown on his communications    team Trump anger at the number of leaks that have been spilling    out of the White House . Axios added that chief strategist Steve    Bannon and White House counsel Don McGahn may be among those who    are replaced . ’ ’    Trump is " frustrated , and angry at everyone , " one source told    Axios , and Axios the president is also upset with Cabinet    officials , like commerce secretary Wilbur Ross , attorney general    Jeff Sessions , and health and human services secretary Tom Price . ’ "    Trump ’s confidants have reportedly Trump out to him    that his approval ratings Trump not seeing Trump improvement   —    as of    Saturday , the president has a 56 % disapproval rating and a    39 % approval rating , . " ’    Regarding potential shakeups of his staff , one source told the president ,    " the advice he’ ’s getting is to go big   —    that he has nothing to    lose the president The question now is how big and how bold . I’’m not sure he    knows the answer to I’’m yet . " ’ ’President Donald Trump , who has reportedly been . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 