On the campaign trail , Donald J. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , has sold Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee as a businessman who has made billions of dollars and is beholden to no one . But an investigation by The New York Times into the financial maze of Mr. Trump ’s real estate holdings in the United States reveals that companies Mr. Trump owns have at least $ 650 million in debt   —    twice the amount than can be gleaned from public filings Mr. Trump has made as part of Mr. Trump bid for the White House . The New York Times The New York Times also found that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump deeply on a wide array of financial backers , including one he has cited in Mr. Trump during his campaign . For Mr. Trump , an office building on Avenue of the Americas in Manhattan , of which Mr. Trump is part Mr. Trump carries a $ 950 million loan . Among the lenders : the Bank of China , one of the largest banks in a country that Mr. Trump has railed against Mr. Trump economic foe of the United States , and Goldman Sachs , a financial institution he has said controls Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump the Democratic nominee , after it paid her $ 675 , 000 in Hillary Clinton fees . Real estate projects often involve complex ownership and mortgage structures . And given Mr. Trump ’s long real estate Mr. Trump the United States and abroad , as the United States claim that his personal wealth exceeds Mr. Trump 10 billion Mr. Trump it is safe to say that no previous major party presidential nominee has had finances nearly as complicated . As president , Mr. Trump would have substantial sway over Mr. Trump tax policy , as well as the power to make appointments that would directly affect his own financial empire . He would also Mr. Trump influence over legislative issues Mr. Trump could have a significant impact on his net worth , and would have official Mr. Trump with countries in which he has business interests . Yet The Times Mr. Trump examination underscored how much of Mr. Trump ’s business remains shrouded in mystery . He has declined to disclose his tax returns or allow Mr. Trump’s independent valuation of his Mr. Trump’s . Earlier in the campaign , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s a    federal financial disclosure form . Mr. Trump’s his businesses owed at least $ 315 million to a   federal financial disclosure form relatively Mr. Trump’s group of lenders and listed ties to more than 500 limited liability companies . Though he answered the questions , the form appears to have been Mr. Trump’s for candidates with simpler a   federal financial disclosure form his , and did not require disclosure of portions of his Mr. Trump’s activities . Beyond finding that companies owned by Mr. Mr. Trump’s had debts of at least $ 650 million , The Times discovered that a substantial portion of his wealth is tied up in three passive partnerships that owe an Mr. Trump $ 2 billion to a string of lenders , including those that hold the loan on the Avenue of the Americas building . If those loans were to go into default , Mr. Trump would not be held liable , the Trump Organization said Mr. Trump value of his investments , however , would certainly sink . Mr. Trump has said Mr. Trump if he were elected president , his children Mr. Trump likely to run his company Mr. Trump Many presidents , to Mr. Trump any appearance of a conflict , Mr. Trump placed their holdings in blind trusts , which typically involves selling the original asset , Many presidents replacing it with different assets unknown to the seller . Mr. Trump ’s children seem unlikely to pursue that option . Richard W. Painter Mr. Trump professor of law at the University of Minnesota and , Professor Painter saying it was clear that Mr. Paulson could not simply have placed that stock in trust and pretended it did not exist . If Mr. Trump were to use a blind trust , the professor said , it would be " like putting a gold watch in President George W. Bush and pretending you do n’t know it is in there . " Mr. Paulson I am the Mr. Paulson Goldman Sachs , " Mr. Trump his decision to sell his Goldman Sachs shares said on CNN Mr. Paulson I love debt . " But in his career Vornado Realty Trust debt has his decision to sell his Goldman Sachs shares gotten the better of him , leading to at least four Professor Painter . He is , however , quick to stress that these days his companies have very little debt . Mr. Trump indicated in the financial disclosure form he filed in connection with this campaign that he was worth at Mr. Trump 1 . 5 billion , and has said publicly that the figure is actually Mr. Trump than $ 10 billion . Recent estimates by Forbes Mr. Trump Fortune magazines and Bloomberg have put his worth at Mr. Trump than $ 5 billion . To gain a better understanding Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s holdings and debt Mr. Trump Times engaged RedVision Systems , a national Mr. Trump information firm , to search publicly available Mr. Trump on more than 30 properties in the United States . The Times identified these assets through Federal Election Commission filings , information provided by the Trump Organization and records , such as filings with the Securities Mr. Trump Exchange Commission . The search covered thousands of pages of public information , including loan documents , land leases and property deeds . It concentrated on Mr. Trump ’s commercial holdings , including office towers , golf courses , a vineyard in Virginia and even an industrial building The Times The Times that he ended up with after a troubled business venture involving Donald Trump Jr. The inquiry also examined some of Mr. Trump ’s residential properties , including his penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue and a house he owns in Beverly Hills , Calif. The examination did not include The search Trump ’s dealings outside the United States . That Mr. Trump seems to have so much less debt on his disclosure form than what The Times found is Mr. Trump’s his fault , but rather a function of what the form asks candidates to list and how . Mr. Trump’s released by the Federal Election Commission Mr. Trump’s asks that candidates list assets and debts not Mr. Trump’s precise numbers , but in ranges that top out at $ Mr. Trump’s —    appropriate for most candidates , but not Mr. Trump’s Trump . Through its examination , The Times was Mr. Trump’s to discern the amount of debt taken out on Mr. Trump’s property , and its ownership structure . At 40 Wall Street in Manhattan , a limited liability company , or L. L. C. controlled by Mr. Trump holds the ground lease   —    the lease for the land on which the building stands . In 2015 , Mr. Trump borrowed $ 160 million from Ladder Capital , a small New York firm , not for Mr. Trump that    lease as collateral . On his financial disclosure form that debt is listed as valued at more The Times $ 50 million . Allen Weisselberg , chief financial officer of the Trump Organization , said that Mr. Trump could have Mr. Trump liability section on the form blank , because federal law requires that presidential candidates disclose personal liabilities , not corporate debt . Mr. Trump , he said , has no personal debt . " We overdisclosed , " Mr. Weisselberg the ground lease   that it was decided Mr. Trump when a Trump company owned 100 percent of a property , all of the associated debt would be Mr. Weisselberg law Mr. Trump For properties where a Trump company owned less than 100 percent of a building , Mr. Weisselberg said , those debts were not disclosed . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump example , Mr. Trump a 50 percent stake in the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas . In 2010 , the company that owns the hotel refinanced a $ Mr. Trump million loan , according to Real Capital Analytics , a commercial real estate data and analytics firm . Mr. Weisselberg said no personal debt entity was responsible for half the Mr. Weisselberg , and that all but $ 6 . 4 million of the loan had been paid off . The Times found three other Mr. Weisselberg which Mr. Trump had an ownership interest in a building but did not disclose the debt associated with it . In all three cases , Mr. Trump had passive investments in limited liability companies that had borrowed the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas of money . One of these investments involves an office tower at 1290 Avenue of Americas , near Rockefeller Center Mr. Weisselberg a typically complex deal , loan Mr. Trump show that four lenders   —    German American Capital , a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank UBS Real Estate a $190 million loan Sachs Mortgage Company and Bank of China   —    agreed in November 2012 to lend $ 950 million to the three companies that own the building . Those companies , The Times named HWA 1290 III LLC , Mr. Trump IV LLC and HWA 1290 V LLC , are owned by three other companies in which Mr. Trump passive investments in limited liability companies that had borrowed significant amounts of money . Ultimately , through his investments , Mr. Trump is a 30 percent owner of the building , records show . Vornado Realty Mr. Trump the other 70 percent and is the controlling partner . A similar ownership structure is in place at 555 California Street in San Francisco , formerly the Bank the building Center . There , Pacific Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company lent $ 600 million Mr. Trump to four lenders  —   German American Capital, a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank UBS Real Estate Securities Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company and Bank of China  —   agreed in November 2012 to lend $950 million to the three companies that own the building Advisors , a real estate research firm , estimates Mr. Trump value the building two buildings to be about $ 3 . 7 billion . On a smaller scale , Mr. Trump also has a 4 percent partnership interest in a company that has an interest in a large Brooklyn housing complex , and owes roughly $ 410 million to Wells Fargo Vornado Realty Trust according to Bloomberg data . The full terms of Mr. Trump ’s limited partnerships are not known . The current value of the loans connected to them Mr. Trump $ 1 . 95 billion , according to various public documents . Mr. Weisselberg , the Trump Mr. Trump chief financial officer , said that neither Mr. Trump nor the company were responsible for the debt associated with the limited partnerships . Still , as with all of the properties in which Mr. Bloomberg holds an interest , the value of the buildings as well as the terms and magnitude of their debt could have a major impact on his personal fortune . Mr. Trump , Mr. Weisselberg added , was liable for a " small the Trump Organization debt " listed on the federal filing but would not elaborate . Other instances in which Mr. Trump could be Mr. Weisselberg guaranteed as Mr. Trump $ 26 million for the limited partnerships taken out against his land lease at 40 Wall Street , money the lender could take if certain things went Mr. Trump . The United Mr. Trump of Government Ethics , which reviewed Pacific Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company ’s financial filing before the F. E. C. released it , said it does not comment on submissions by individual candidates . The agency Mr. Trump for staff members reviewing presidential submissions Mr. Weisselberg copy of which was Mr. Trump by The Times through a Freedom of Information Act request , say the Mr. Trump of Government Ethics does not audit reports for accuracy . " Disclosures are to be taken at ‘ face value’ as correct , unless there is a patent omission or ambiguity or the official has independent knowledge Mr. Trump’s the report , " the procedures say . Tracing the ownership of many of Mr. Trump ’s buildings can be a complicated task . Sometimes he owns a building and the land underneath it sometimes , he holds a partial interest or just the commercial The Times a property . And in some cases , the identities of his business partners are obscured behind limited Mr. Trump’s financial filing companies   Mr. Trump’s financial filing    raising the prospect of a president with unknown Mr. Trump’s financial filing . At 40 Wall Street , Mr. Trump does not own even a sliver of the actual land his    ground lease gives him the Mr. Trump improve and Mr. Trump’s . The land is owned by Mr. Trump limited liability companies Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump pays the two entities a total of $ 1 Mr. Trump’s 6 million a year for the ground lease Mr. Trump to documents filed with the S. E. C. The majority owner , Mr. Trump’s Wall Street Holdings Corporation , owns 80 percent of the land New Scandic Wall Limited Partnership owns the rest , according to public documents . New Scandic Wall Limited Partnership ’s chief executive is Joachim Ferdinand von    a businessman based in Europe , according to these documents . The people behind 40 Wall Street Holdings are harder to identify the building years , Germany ’s Hinneberg family , which made its fortune in the shipping industry , controlled 40 Wall Street a company called 40 Wall Limited Partnership . In late 2014 , their interest in the land was transferred to a new company , 40 Wall Street Holdings . The Times the actual land able to identify the owner or owners of this company , and the Trump Organization declined to comment . Mr. Trump has    ground leases his   ground lease properties , including a golf the F. E. C. ’s Hudson Valley and retail space in Midtown Manhattan . Private owners are also behind these leases , the actual land sometimes obscured by L. L. C. s. Mr. Trump ’s status in these situations is indicated by New Scandic Wall Limited Partnership is listed under his signature on many of the relevant documents . Mr. Trump also holds a ground lease on public documents Mr. Trump Old Post Office building in Washington , a few blocks from the White House . The federal government , which owns the land Germany gave a    lease to Trump Old Post Office , a limited liability company controlled by Mr. Trump the actual land Mr. Trump family . In return , the government receives a minimum of $ 3 million a Wall Street Holdings company . Mr. Weisselberg said that despite his Mr. Trump Mr. Trump should not be held a new company, 40 Wall Street Holdings same standards that might apply to the heads of companies in highly regulated industries . " If you take away all the fancy stuff and so on and so forth , and the    ratings , you are basically down to a closely ground leases on several other properties, including a golf course in New York’s Hudson Valley and retail space in Midtown Manhattan business that Private owners are also behind these leases, their identities sometimes obscured by L. L. C. s. fundamentally different from Mr. Trump or Exxon , " Mr. Weisselberg said , quoting from an email he had received from Donald F. McGahn , a lawyer and former chairman of the F. Mr. Trump who advised Mr. Trump on his federal filing . Mr. McGahn did not return calls for comment . Others disagree . Mr. Trump ’s opaque portfolio of the actual land makes him potentially vulnerable to the demands of banks Mr. Weisselberg to business Mr. Trump the Mr. Weisselberg States and abroad , said Professor Mr. Trump , the former chief White House ethics lawyer . " The success of his empire depends on an ability to get credit , to get loans extended to his a new company, 40 Wall Street Holdings , " he said Mr. Trump " And we Mr. Trump n’t know Mr. Trump lot about his financial dealings , Mr. Trump or around the world Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump the United States Mr. Weisselberg Mr. Weisselberg the F. E. C. Mr. McGahn 