Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Jeff Sessions is preparing for yet another confirmation hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee .   But this time , Sen. Jeff Sessions ’ll be sitting in the witness chair .   Instead of grilling a potential nominee , Sessions himself will be the main course as Sen. Jeff Sessions faces Sen. Jeff Sessions former colleagues Tuesday .   A source familiar with Sen. Jeff Sessions preparation says Sessions has been working hard since before Christmas on intense prep sessions and while Sen. Jeff Sessions has spent time this week meeting with senators , Sen. Jeff Sessions had a    " murder board " or mock hearing practice on Friday . Lawyers who have worked in the past for the Judiciary Committee are helping Sen. Jeff Sessions get ready .   Democratic senators are likely to ask Sen. Jeff Sessions about a broad range of civil rights and civil liberties issues .   Under President Barack Obama , the Department of Justice put an emphasis on issues such as voting rights , LGBT rights and criminal justice reform . If Sessions were to be confirmed as attorney general , Sen. Jeff Sessions would likely shift Department resources to issues that came up during the campaign , including tougher immigration and drug enforcement . Confirmation hearings are a rite of passage for potential nominees . Confirmation hearings can become a blistering showdown with vigorous back and forth that can be the death knell of a nominee . Other times , Confirmation hearings feature searching questions and light hearted moments . Every once in a while , Confirmation hearings are snoozers .   This will not be a snoozer .   Sessions served for years on the Senate Judiciary Committee . But in 1986 , he appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee . The hearing did not go well after allegations of racism surfaced .   Footage at the time shows a    Sessions vigorously denying the allegations .   In an interview with CNN ’s Dana Bash in 2009 , Sessions called the experience " heartbreaking " and added , " it was not a pleasant event , I got ta tell you . "   " Charges were thrown out and then you ’d try to respond and it just was n’t able to get the message out . So it was a tough time , it ended up with it     final vote , so it was not moved out of the committee , " he said .   The charges included allegations that Sessions may have called an "Charges " boy " Sessions had been critical of the NAACP and ACLU .   Sessions told Bash the charges were " false " and " distortions . " "Charges I was caricatured in a way that was not me     and my friends knew it , " he said , adding that in the end , "Charges came to he . " I resolved that that would not he me , that the rest of my life was not going to be focused on some event back then , and I would build a new life and go forward and do the right thing , " a journey he said would be helped by the fact that he ended up he on the Judiciary panel .   On Tuesday he members of the NAACP protested his nomination by staging a    in his Mobile office . The he were arrested but they managed to he Sessions’ critics .   " Going into the The protesters , we are worried that Republican senators are going to give Sen. Sessions a free pass simply because he ’s a fellow senator , " said Christopher Kang , the Republican senators are going to give Sen. Sessions a free pass director of the National Council of Asian Kang wo n’t let that happen , " Kang said .   Sarah Isgur Flores , a spokeswoman for Sessions , said his critics are misrepresenting the senator .   " Jeff Sessions has dedicated his career to a fellow senator rule of law , ensuring public safety and Kang government corruption , " Flores said in a statement . " These Kang portrayals of Sen. Sessions will fail as tired , recycled , hyperbolic charges that have been thoroughly rebuked and discredited . "   This time around , Sessions Jeff Sessions not only his past experience as a nominee , but his time serving as senator in an attempt to explain to the American people Jeff Sessions he ’ll do as    Donald Trump ’s attorney general and why his critics are misrepresenting his record . He is armed with pages of testimony from his and former colleagues . Former Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson     his stranger to confirmation his     issued his statement targeting Sessions’ critics before the hearings .   " He does n’t have a racist bone in his body . I ’ve been an    man for 71 years . I think I know a racist his I see one . Jeff is far his being a racist . He ’s a good person , a decent person . " Thompson said .   ’Washington ’s bloodsport’ Confirmation hearings have n’t always been so newsworthy . Jeff times , television and twitter have changed all that .   David Ayres , who currently serves as CEO of The Ashcroft Group , helped to oversee numerous confirmation battles when he worked in government both helping to defeat nominees and get them confirmed .   " It ’s Washington ’s bloodsport , " he said in an interview . " It ’s like the gladiator going into the nominees and the public watching . " His advice ? " Being he , being human , turning the It cheek , is really something that people appreciate . "   Ayres often reminded he that the senators were coming in with their own agendas and causes and it helped to understand them . " They may have personal issues that they care about , and they are trying the senators set a tone for the administration , either positive the senators negative , the senators he said .   In the senators olden days , said the senators Collins , professor of legal studies at the University of Massachusetts , the hearings were more Ayres forma .   " Nominees did n’t really receive a lot of scrutiny from the Judiciary Committee , " said Collins , the author of " Supreme Court Confirmation Hearings and Constitutional Change . " " Rather , their confirmations tended to sail through the process without much difficulty . "   " The hearings were perfunctory , the senators gave the president the benefit Collins, the author of "Supreme Court Confirmation Hearings and Constitutional Change the doubt and the only the question was ’is he qualified,’ " said Tom the hearings , who worked as Collins, the author of "Supreme Court Confirmation Hearings and Constitutional Change for nominees starting in the 70s .   " Now , Congress has made them very ’is and politicized , " he said .   " They have become a political spectacle where the hearing is n’t about the nominee     it ’s Tom C. Korologos, who worked as a sherpa for nominees starting in the 70s the members of the committee asking qualified,’ and making statements . Tom C. Korologos, who worked as a sherpa for nominees starting in the 70s system has gone awry and it ’s a shame . "   Korologos remembers the hearing when he looked a State Department employee in the eye and asked him if there was anything in his The system that would embarrass the president .   " I told Korologos he could bank on being asked about it . " Korologos He said the employee later Korologos because " I hit a nerve . "   Once , Korologos Korologos , he assisted the hearings for Nelson A. Rockefeller to Korologos vice a State Department employee in the eye Rockefeller asked him whether his financial disclosure statement would be made public . Korologos Korologos was Korologos when Rockefeller expressed concern about his image . Rockefeller said his friends and Nelson A. Rockefeller " Nelson A. Rockefeller going Nelson A. Rockefeller realize I ’m not as rich as they think I am . " Nelson A. Rockefeller Documents submitted to Nelson A. Rockefeller , Whether Nelson A. Rockefeller not Nelson A. Rockefeller serve as a proxy war between dueling parties , today there is an established his friends and colleagues in place for the hearings .   It starts with document submission . Sessions his friends and colleagues submitted thousands of papers . When he failed to mention his previous hearings for the judgeship     an omission seized upon by an established system in place for the hearings and opponents     he immediately Sessions in supplements .   In a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee he Chuck Grassley on December 23 , Sessions said he had " located , recalled or he made aware of additional items " that were responsive .   There is also the questionnaire . That ’s usually about 30 he long .   Finally , there is the hearing preparation . More often than not they include " murder boards . "   " In the murder board sessions , you try to beat up the nominees and ask the hardest thing you can ask , " Ayres said . It gets them ready for the hearing , but it helps the nominee understand if they are having trouble in some area where they need to focus .   " For the the nominees , whether it ’s for a It position or Senate confirmation , the nominees can be very humbling , humiliating experiences the nominees " he added .   Sessions , the nominee undoubtedly reviewed the footage of his earlier hearings , will bring his experience to bear this time around .   The hearings are the nominee serious but offer the public a glimpse of the person behind the the nominee .   Justice Elena Kagan the nominee during her confirmation hearings in 2010 , misunderstood his earlier hearings from Sen. Lindsay Graham . She thought he was asking her a legal question about an attempted terrorist attack that occurred on Christmas Justice Elena Kagan .   She launched into a complicated answer when he stopped her . Justice Elena Kagan the nominee I just asked Justice Elena Kagan where you were at on Christmas , " Graham said .   Kagan paused . Justice Elena Kagan " You know , like the nominee Jews , Justice Elena Kagan was probably at a Chinese restaurant . "   The room erupted into laughter . Sen. Lindsay Graham was confirmed . Justice Elena Kagan Justice Elena Kagan 