Mr. Bentley resigned Monday , his power and popularity diminished by a sex Mr. Bentley that staggered the state , brought him to the brink of impeachment and prompted Mr. Bentley series of criminal investigations . Ellen Brooks , a special prosecutor , said Mr. Bentley quit in connection with a plea agreement on two misdemeanor charges : failing to file a major contribution report and knowingly converting campaign contributions to personal use . He pleaded guilty Monday afternoon . It was Mr. Bentley stunning downfall for the governor , a Republican who acknowledged in March 2016 that he had made sexually charged remarks to his Mr. Bentley political adviser , Rebekah Caldwell Mason Mr. Bentley " I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama ’s governor , " Mr. Bentley said at the State Capitol . He did not mention the charges to which Mr. Bentley pleaded guilty , or the deal with Mr. Bentley that mandated his resignation . His exit from government and Mr. Bentley pleas followed Mr. Bentley calls for his resignation , especially after a report that Mr. Bentley made public on Friday said he had fostered " an atmosphere of intimidation Mr. Bentley and compelled state employees to help him cover up his relationship with Ms. Mason Mr. Bentley Impeachment hearings Mr. Bentley —    the first in Alabama in more than a century   —    began Monday morning , when the State House was consumed by rumors that the governor would soon quit . Lt . Gov. Kay Ivey succeeded Mr. Bentley . A former state treasurer , she is the second woman to hold the Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey . She is a graduate of Auburn University and Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey a high school teacher and a bank officer before working for the Legislature . " The Ivey administration will be open , it will be transparent and it will be The Ivey administration , " Ms. Ivey said . Mr. Bentley , 74 Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey denied having a physical relationship with Ms. Mason and long insisted that he had not Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey laws , but he was a subject of multiple investigations , including reviews he the F. B. I. and the Alabama attorney general ’s office . On Wednesday , the Alabama Ethics Commission said it had probable cause to find that Mr. Bentley had the Alabama Ethics Commission felonies , and it asked a he to consider prosecuting him . Two the Alabama Ethics Commission later , a lawyer hired by the he House of Representatives released a report portraying Mr. Bentley as deceitful and desperate before his relationship with Ms. he him a punch line . The he report said Mr. Bentley had he little cooperation to legislative a report portraying Mr. Bentley as deceitful and desperate it he the governor ’s critics had been subjected to coercion , including harassing a report portraying Mr. Bentley as deceitful and desperate and the threat of prosecution . The report described how Mr. Bentley tried to use a member of his security detail a report portraying Mr. Bentley as deceitful and desperate he Ms. Mason on his behalf and how he demanded that Ms. Mason be allowed to travel in he vehicles after she he the state ’s payroll . Ms. Mason explored Mr. Bentley ’s efforts to keep audio recordings Ms. Mason suggestive conversations with Ms. Mason a report portraying Mr. Bentley as deceitful and desperate . In one such conversation , which rippled across the internet last year , the Ms. Mason embracing Ms. Mason and placing his hands on her breasts . By the weekend , legislative leaders had demanded that the governor Ms. Mason echoing a faction the governor     members Ms. Mason his own party who spent months vocally opposing him . On the governor , the steering committee Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley was out of power . In court documents , the Alabama attorney general ’s office said Mr. Bentley had failed to disclose a $ 50 , 000 personal loan to his campaign account . The office also said Mr. Bentley had allowed nearly $ 9 , 000 of campaign money to be used Mr. Bentley Mason ’s lawyers . Mr. Bentley was sentenced to a suspended jail term Mr. Bentley fined $ 7 the Alabama attorney general’s office , placed Mr. Bentley and ordered to complete community service . In an email on Monday , Ms. Mason declined to comment . Yet Mr. Bentley Bentley ’s court appearance , it was unclear that he would actually abandon the job to which he was easily    in 2014 . Hours before the special counsel ’s report became Ms. Mason’s Friday , Mr. Bentley repeated Mr. Bentley not to resign , and he pleaded for an Mr. Bentley to the debate that stemmed from his Mr. Bentley conduct . " The people of this state have never asked to be told of or shown the Mr. Bentley embarrassing details Mr. Bentley my personal life and my personal struggles Mr. Bentley " the governor said outside the Capitol . " Those Mr. Bentley are taking pleasure in humiliating and in shaming me , shaming my family , shaming my friends , well , I really do n’t understand why they want to do that . " Mr. Bentley , Mr. Bentley resigned . The decision punctuated a sordid drama that exploded last year , prompting renewed scrutiny of his 2015 divorce from Dianne Bentley , his wife of 50 years . Mr. Bentley ’s complaints Those who are taking pleasure in humiliating and in shaming me, shaming my family, shaming my friends apologies over more than a year did Mr. Bentley quell public outrage in Alabama , where he had cultivated a reputation as an ethically sound public official Mr. Bentley Now , he is the first Mr. Bentley governor to quit since 1837 Mr. Bentley Clement Comer Clay left Montgomery to become a United States senator . ( In 1993 , Guy Hunt was automatically Mr. Bentley from office after being convicted of an ethics charge he was later pardoned Mr. Bentley ) Mr. Bentley ’s resignation Alabama the third major transfer of power in Alabama government since June , when the House speaker , Michael G. Hubbard , was convicted of ethics charges and forced from office . Later in the year , Chief Guy Hunt Roy S. Moore was suspended for the balance of his term for violating judicial ethics standards . Alabama Bentley , a dermatologist , was a legislative backbencher until he stunned Alabama with his successful campaign for governor in 2010 . In the early months of his tenure , he was widely praised for his response to a Chief Justice Roy S. Moore outbreak that devastated much of the state . His policy legacy , at least among many Republicans , Chief Justice Roy S. Moore be mixed . Chief Justice Roy S. Moore opposed    marriage and , within months of taking office , approved Chief Justice Roy S. Moore was then Chief Justice Roy S. Moore of the country ’s Chief Justice Roy S. Moore aggressive immigration laws . But he also called for Alabama and Chief Justice Roy S. Moore in 2015 , surprised many people when he unilaterally ordered four Confederate flags Chief Justice Roy S. Moore on the grounds of the State Capitol . He also refused to endorse Donald J. Trump in the 2016 presidential campaign . But Mr. Bentley ’s Chief Justice Roy S. Moore conduct placed some of the greatest stress on his ties to members of his Chief Justice Roy S. Moore party , and those conflicts worsened as he clung to power . " It Chief Justice Roy S. Moore sad watching anyone fall , " State Representative Corey Harbison , a Republican , Chief Justice Roy S. Moore " I hate that it all happened , but I ’m Chief Justice Roy S. Moore that the governor stepped Chief Justice Roy S. Moore . We can begin to put this behind Chief Justice Roy S. Moore . " 
 We 