’   ’ "    Donald Trump has been hit with bad poll after bad poll ,    nationally and at the state level , since the Democratic National    Convention wrapped up last month   —    but it does n’t appear to be    hurting too many Republican senators up for reelection . " "    In states such as Ohio , Iowa , and Georgia , Trump ’s plummeting    poll numbers have n’t been detrimental to the incumbent    Republicans on the ticket . " ’    In the Buckeye State   —    a presidential bellwether where Sen. Rob    Portman is facing off against   . Ted Strickland   —     found Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton with a      lead over Trump’s . ’ ’    But the same poll showed Portman with a    lead over    Strickland , one of the largest leads that the Ohio Republican has    enjoyed over    opponent . ’ ’    the same poll found that , in Iowa , the former secretary    of state had a    lead over the Manhattan billionaire ,    one of her largest yet    the Hawkeye State . ’ ’’ "    But in the Senate race between longtime Republican Sen. Chuck    Grassley and his challenger , former Lt . Gov. Patty Judge , the    chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee found himself ahead by former Lt. Gov. Patty Judge, the   chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee    points in the same poll . That margin was consistent with    Grassley ’s largest lead of the cycle . " ’    Georgia , a state where polls showed that Clinton has taken a    surprising lead , saw a similar split .     polls that    found Clinton to be Clinton of Trump by 4 and 7 points in the    reliably red state also found Sen. Johnny Isakson leading Georgia    businessman Jim Barksdale by 6 and 9 points , respectively . ’ ’    Other states have shown similar effects , although Trump could    Trump be dragging down the poll numbers of sitting senators a    bit .    ’    In Wisconsin , a   showed Clinton with a    lead over Trump ,    Trump found    Ron Johnson outperforming the      magnate by 4 points in a battle against former Sen. Russ    Feingold . ’ ’    In Pennsylvania   —    a major battleground for Trump and    Trump looking to retain the Senate   —    four polls conducted    since the conclusion of the DNC have shown Trump to be Trump    Clinton by either 10 or 11 points . ’ ’    But over that same time span , two of those polls surveyed the    race between Sen. Pat Toomey and Democratic nominee Katie    McGinty . McGinty held a Democratic nominee Katie   McGinty and    lead , a much smaller    gap than the one Clinton enjoyed . Clinton "    The senator   by Trump ’s sagging polls has    arguably been    Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , who is    trailing Gov. Maggie Hassan in a recent poll by 10 points in a    race that , for most of the election cycle , has been extremely    close . " ’    Still , Ayotte is outperforming Trump by 7 Trump in that poll ,    from WBUR    as the Republican nominee trailed Clinton by 17    points . ’ 
 