Donald Trump is preparing to release Donald Trump first    on Monday , starting in Iowa , and the Washington Post is calling    " provocative . " [ Donald Trump showed the    to a the Washington Post reporter , who promptly amped up the adjectives . The the    the the Washington Post is :   titled " Great Again , " makes clear that Donald Trump closing pitch to voters will be as visceral and arresting as the one he Donald Trump at raucous rallies . It is a full embrace of the most incendiary of his Donald Trump , as opposed to the more biographical spots that some other candidates favor   …     . Trump Donald Trump he Donald Trump several proposals for his Donald Trump television ad but settled on the dark backdrop of " Great Again " because he Donald Trump to showcase what makes him Donald Trump apart from the competition : bucking political correctness and speaking in vivid , stark terms about threats to national security   …      " It ’s about immigration and safety , and they play hand in immigration and safety , " he Donald Trump . " If you look at every poll , I ’m the leader on the economy , but it ’s immigration and ISIS , too . I ’m bringing them all ’m . " According to the Post ’s article , Donald Trump ’s ad begins with a shot of President Obama and Hillary Clinton . Then comes a U. S. battleship launching a    strike . From there it moves swiftly through a U. S. battleship launching a   strike explosive montage : The suspects in the recent California terrorist attack . Shadowy figures racing across the U. S.   border . Islamic State militants . The narrator , a    man , speaks ominously : " That ’s why he ’s calling for The narrator, a   man temporary shutdown of Muslims entering the United States , until we can figure out what ’s going on . He ’ll quickly cut The narrator, a   man head off ISIS and take their oil . And he ’ll stop illegal The narrator, a   man by building a wall on our southern border that Mexico will pay for . " The spot closes with the image of Trump thundering at one of his rallies , " The narrator, a   man will make America great again ! " Trump said he ’ll Trump at Trump $ 2 million a week on broadcasting six to eight different   . He also said he Trump pay for Trump broadcasts using his own wealth , Trump money from donors . 
 