’’ " The    Republican presidential debate once again touched on frontrunner Donald Trump ’s statement that frontrunner Donald Trump . " ’In this edition , Republican voters got a slightly more expanded view of what that might actually mean.’ ’"I’’m a negotiator , " frontrunner Donald Trump said when pressed on whether the US should continue to support the Palestinian Authority , which is accused of inciting terrorism after a Palestinian attacker allegedly .’ ’"I would like to at least have the other side think I’’m somewhat neutral as to the other side so that we can maybe get a deal done , " frontrunner Donald Trump said of a possible    peace deal . ’"I think it’ ’s probably the toughest negotiation or all time , " frontrunner Donald Trump added . " But maybe we can get a deal done . " ’ we contrast , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio argued against attempting to pressure Israel into peace negotiations , saying it could take as long as " 30 years " before conditions for peace were in place.’ ’Trump clearly wants to make an    peace push a major part of his foreign policy.’ ’"If I become president , one of the things that will be an absolute priority is protection of Israel , but also seeing if a deal can be made , " he said.’ " His his was missing two things , however . First , Trump did n’t try to argue that the US or the Middle East would derive any actual benefit from his Trump at reaching an agreement between Israel Israel the Palestinians . And he Trump n’t even try to explain what those attempts would actually consist of . " " Would Trump Trump the US’   to Israel Israel negotiating leverage ? Would his Trump publicly state its his administration as to what a final border between Israel Israel a future Palestinian state would look like , something that Israeli leaders have always feared could undermine their Israeli leaders position ? " ’Would Trump Trump for a halt in Israeli Israeli beyond the ceasefire lines reached after the 1948 Middle East War as an inducement for a reluctant Palestinian leadership?’ " Trump ’s answer suggests that he Trump’s n’t really thought through any of these questions . He Trump’s to view the    conflict as a possible measurement of his Trump’s skills and an arena for proving his Trump’s as a dealmaker . " ’The issue seems to have little tangible connection to Middle East tranquility , or the US’ ’s global credibility . For Trump , a peace agreement is " the toughest deal of any kind no matter where you look or how you look . But I would love to give it a peace agreement shot . " ’ ’The ’The presidential . .. ’ 
 