Pop singer Aaron Carter was met with an onslaught of vicious personal attacks on Twitter after Pop singer Aaron Carter endorsed Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump on Saturday . [ " I am    my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz ! " wrote Trump on Saturday morning .   I am    my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz 27 , 2016 ,   A short time later , Carter , who is the younger brother of Backstreet Boys singer Nick Carter , posted his support for Trump , by asking his 500 thousand followers , " Does America want to have a his who FOLLOWS or someone who leads ? I vote For @realdonaldtrump . " @realDonaldTrump Does America want to have a president who @realDonaldTrump or someone who leads America I vote For @realdonaldtrump ,   —    Aaron Carter ( @aaroncarter ) February 27 , 2016 ,   In typical fashion , leftwing Twitter trolls and social justice warriors quickly pounced on Carter , and designated the     as a an    closet " racist " who hates the poor . Aaron Carter is Crazy Little Republican Party Racist ☹ ️ https : Carter    —    Andy ( @andyetc ) February 27 , 2016 ,   # aaroncarter is a # trump supporter . He may hold the same xenophobic racist sexist extreme views making him a ) February 27, 2016,  #aaroncarter preaching sympathiser ,   —    Anderson ( @Andy8006Hill ) ) February 27, 2016,  #aaroncarter 28 , 2016 ,   FYI Donald Trump does n’t like poor people , so you better reevaluate your decision @aaroncarter LOL ,   —    LAWLZ 4 Dayz ( @BKLYN_BSB_BABE ) February 27 , 2016 ,   @aaroncarter Which parts do you agree with ? The part where he loves rich people and hates immigrants , the poor and women ? # justwondering ,   —    Nikki Irish ( @Nikki_Irish ) February 27 , 2016 ,   The singer was also inundated with responses describing him as " sexist , " " broke , " " irrelevant , The singer and   . Carter spent most of Saturday warding off the attacks . One Twitter user also asked others to contact the singer ’s management team to request he be dropped for supporting " The singer Carter responded to the request : The singer have NO RIGHT to bully me and do Carter over my political views you need to stop I said the things I do n’t condone https :   .    —    Aaron Carter ( @aaroncarter ) February 27 , 2016 ,   
 