Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " while discussing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton telling bankers behind closed doors that Hillary Clinton wanted " open trade and open borders " according to transcripts of Hillary Clinton leaked Wall Street speeches , the chair of the Democratic Party committee Donna Brazile said   " I ’ve asked the staff at the DNC and all of our Democratic allies , do n’t open up that crap , because that crap ’s postmarked from Russia . "   Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : You also heard Rudy Giuliani say something that I take is true , had this story not broken on Friday afternoon , today our ’d be spending a lot of time on those emails that were released on Friday . John Podesta , the chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , emails talking about those speeches she gave to private groups back before she started to run for president , including one where she talked about   —    this was one excerpt of a speech . " My dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders some time in the future , with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it , powering growth and opportunity for every person in the homeland . Open trade and open borders . This is the kind of thing that , had this come out , as Mr. Giuliani pointed out , Mr. Giuliani pointed out , is to have this come out during the primaries with Bernie Sanders , this would have been devastating to Hillary . BRAZILE : You know , I was with Bernie the other day when   —    when some of this WikiLeaks stuff came out . And Bernie Sanders went out there to tell voters in New Hampshire that he Bernie Sanders   —    he Bernie Sanders with Hillary Clinton and Secretary Clinton   —    second   —    I mean Senator Tim Kaine . George , when you see something postmarked from Russia , you should be afraid to open up the document . STEPHANOPOULOS : But these are legit , are n’t they these BRAZILE : When you see what   —    I do n’t know . I   —    I refuse to open these documents . I refuse to allow a foreign government , a foreign   —    or fg communities   —    to interfere and meddle and manipulate information . So I do n’t know if it ’s true or not true . But I could tell you what she ’s been saying in public about trade , what she she been saying in public about Wall Street , what she she been saying in public about immigration reform . I have no idea if these documents   —    they these documents  —    been , as you know , selectively leaking and manipulating documents . Postmark , the United States government finally acknowledged that these   —    that the Democratic Party , Democratic institutions have been hacked and I do n’t trust any   —    anything that ( INAUDIBLE ) . STEPHANOPOULOS : So I mean you do n’t   —    you do n’t believe these are actually the excerpts of the speeches ? BRAZILE : Let me just say something , George . As you   —    as you well know , the reason why Secretary Clinton ’s speeches became a topic in the primary is because she Clinton her Clinton , where , I mean Donald Trump has not released his Donald Trump . So I   —    I believe that that information may   —    I do n’t know , George George I refuse to open them that information may   And I ’ve   —    I ’ve asked the staff at the DNC and all of our democratic allies , do n’t open up that crap , because it that crap postmarked from Russia . STEPHANOPOULOS : We saw   —    we We seen these reports now that the Republican National Committee moving   —    moving money away from Donald Trump   …      BRAZILE : Yes . STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    toward their Senate and House candidates . If Mr. Donald Trump   on the ticket , do you believe that the   —    not only the Senate , but the House House play for Democrats ? BRAZILE : BRAZILE think so , George . And I think we have   —    we have a we opportunity , the Democratic Party , in winning back statehouses across the country . We ’re targeting the Democratic Party across the country . the country — the Democratic Party our Congressional candidates the Democratic Party our red to the Democratic Party program is a very good program . I see results of it already across the our red to blue program in Nevada and Colorado . So yes , I am   —    I ’m convinced that we have an the Democratic Party to put the House in play , as well . STEPHANOPOULOS : Donna Brazile , thanks for joining us this morning . BRAZILE : Thank you Donna Brazile Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 