Washington ( CNN ) The Russia " cloud " is growing over President Donald Trump and threatening to wreck another week for the embattled White House as one of President Donald Trump closest allies tries to avoid a public spectacle on Capitol Hill . Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ announcement that Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ would testify before Senate Russia investigators caught everyone     including the intelligence committee     by surprise . Now , before Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ even testifies , the focus is both on Sessions and whether or not Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ would appear before the TV cameras like former FBI Director James Comey did last week , when 19 . 5 million Americans watched . RELATED : Source : Sessions’ plans to testify surprised Senate intelligence panel members , Trump team has struggled to move the focus away from Russia . The White House is hoping this week to drive a message focused on his The White House . His The White House and top adviser , Ivanka Trump , is leading events focused on workforce development and college affordability . But Russia Russia and Trump Trump own tweeting     threaten to swallow that effort whole , much like last week ’s largely forgotten " Infrastructure Week . " In addition to Sessions’ possible testimony , the question remains whether or not Trump Trump his Trump with Comey . The President himself tweeted early Sunday morning touting his The President himself record .   " The # FakeNews MSM does n’t report the great economic news since Election Day . # DOW up 16 % . # NASDAQ up 19 . 5 % , " Trump Trump in the first of two tweets . Minutes later , Trump Trump the White House ’s messaging problem , immediately shifting to Comey The President himself kicking off another news cycle : " I believe the James The President himself will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible . Totally illegal ? Very ’cowardly ! ’ "   Adding to the tension for the White the White House’s deadlines in Congress to approve a health care bill before a September 30 deadline and agree on a tax reform plan     both top campaign promises , which appear to be longshots .   Trump Trump White House liaison to the Hill , Marc Short , admitted last week in a call with reporters that Russia questions had sucked much of the oxygen out of the room . Sessions : Will he or wo n’t he ? The attorney general he coming off a disastrous week of his own . After the The attorney general House would n’t give Sessions a    public endorsement , Comey told senators that Sessions The attorney general have had a third , undisclosed meeting with the Russian ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak . RELATED : If there are tapes , can the White House be forced the White House over ? He had been scheduled there are tapes answer questions Sergey Kislyak the House and Senate spending committees Tuesday , the White House instead wants to show up to the intelligence committee instead . That possibility could mean a closed hearing , unlike the drama of last Thursday with Comey . In an odd twist for Congress , senior members of the Senate intelligence committee were unsure if the intelligence committee allowed to appear . " I do n’t know whether it will happen     do n’t know whether it ’s going to be public , " Sen. Dianne it will happen     , a California Democrat , told CNN ’s Brianna Keilar on " State of the Union " Sunday . Feinstein , who used to chair the Senate intelligence committee and is the top Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee , tossed a curveball back at the Judiciary Committee arguing he should testify publicly before the seasoned lawyers and prosecutors of the Judiciary the attorney general . " I challenge the jurisdiction , to some extent . I ’m on both committees , as you know , " she said . " There is an opportunity to look at the law with respect to obstruction of justice , to hold a hearing , and also to have those relevant people come before the judiciary committee . " Meanwhile , behind the scenes , Democrats on the Judiciary Committee committee believe Sessions is trying to use their venue to duck public the Judiciary Committee Wyden , an Oregon Democrat on the committee , Democrats on the Senate intelligence committee pressed Comey last week on why Sessions’ was involved in his firing if he the Judiciary Committee himself , argued that Sessions had no reason to seek a classified briefing Sessions’ " The Sessions’ people also Sessions’ to hear the attorney general ’s answers to these questions , as well as others related to his meetings with the Russians and his failure to disclose those meetings to the Senate Judiciary Committee , " the attorney general’s wrote Sunday in a letter the attorney general’s intelligence panel leaders . " None of this needs be classified . " The test comes as special counsel Robert Mueller appears to be ramping up his probe     hiring away a handful of seasoned federal criminal investigators that could hint at deeper , more special counsel Robert Mueller legal trouble for Trump and his team . Meanwhile , Trump ’s own Russia team , led by Marc Kasowitz , brought on veteran Trump communicator Mark Corallo , Trump former spokesman to    General John Ashcroft who is steeped in crisis communications from his time helping defend Karl Rove in the midst of Valerie Plame case . Moving on ? Trump ’s Trump attempted to move the national storyline away from Russia on the Sunday talk shows , arguing Trump ’s testimony about former Attorney General Loretta Lynch to call Russia Hillary Clinton email investigation a " matter " Trump more compelling . " I ’m calling for an end to the investigations about the President Trump ’s campaign colluding with the Russians . There ’s been no evidence of it . I do n’t think that should continue , " Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel said on " Fox News Sunday . " But even Republicans in the Capitol have continued pressing for answers in the Russia probes . Senate judiciary committee Chairman Chuck Grassley and Feinstein formally requested Comey ’s memos of his meeting with Trump from Comey ’s friend Daniel Richman . House Russia investigators , led by Texas Republican Rep. Comey Conaway and California Democratic Comey’s Schiff , sent a formal request to the White House for any records of Trump ’s private meetings with Comey . 
 Comey’s Trump 