New York ( CNN ) At the height of the US economic boom in the 1980s , there was one clear star of Wall Street : the corporate raider ,    takeover artists registering big headlines and even bigger paydays . Naturally , real estate magnate Donald Trump wanted in on the game .     The Atlantic City summer that nearly ruined Donald Trump , For real estate magnate Donald Trump , real estate magnate Donald Trump brief period as an activist investor of sorts was a lucrative turn in real estate magnate Donald Trump career     at one point netting real estate magnate Donald Trump more than $ 200 million for just a handful of targets     but also a controversial one . real estate magnate Donald Trump profits were real , but so was the appearance of strategy that brought allegations of stock manipulation from rivals , regulators and lawmakers . It ’s a four    Trump , now the Republican presidential nominee , never mentions on the campaign trail . Yet his venture into the      world of the " Barbarians at the Gate " offers a window into the    strategy that forms the basis for Trump ’s presidential campaign     and remains the stated approach the New York billionaire plans to deploy with vigor from the Oval Office should he his .   " I have made billions of dollars in business making deals     now I ’m going to make our country rich again , " Trump Trump during his Trump accepting the nomination at the Republican National Convention last month . A CNN examination of the period included the review of hundreds of pages of testimony , depositions , financial and legal documents as well as interviews with more than a dozen former state and federal regulators , lawyers , executives from targeted companies and former Trump organization employees . It reveals a game plan for the novice ,    corporate raider that bears striking resemblance to the playbook deployed by Trump the novice politician . It It clear his penchant for operating without the advice     or even acknowledgment     of top advisers , placing a heavy emphasis on using the media to further his his and deploying    tactics punctuated by efforts to mislead , bully and even punish opponents . The central issue for many was whether Trump was engaged in the tactic known as " greenmailing . " It was an entirely legal strategy repeatedly deployed by activist investors throughout the 1980s     a practice that , for lack of a better description , amounts to a corporate ransom payment . It It like this : An investor quietly buys up a significant amount of a targeted company ’s stock and threatens a takeover attempt . The a targeted company’s in an effort to make the An investor go away , makes a deal to buy that stock back at a premium . The investor An investor difference .   It ’s a An investor that has all but disappeared in the decades since , snuffed out by a series of state laws and a federal excise tax designed explicitly to rid companies of the threat many deemed as stock manipulation . But it was , at the time , legal     something Trump himself made clear when he testified in April Trump himself before the New Jersey Casino Control Commission .    " The practice is a totally legal practice , however , it ’s something , The practice name , greenmailer , is not a very pretty word , " Trump said , according Trump himself a transcript of the hearing that CNN obtained . " It ’s a practice that on Wall Street is very open and common and done quite a bit . " It was an offhanded It unsolicited defense of a practice Trump , and his Trump himself team , repeatedly and vigorously claimed he did n’t engage his . Explaining how he made $ 30 his in four months off stock of the parent company of    Inn , Trump said simply that Trump himself ’s business . Trump himself Well if you consider making a profit on the stock , you stock of the parent company of   Inn a goal , I guess I achieved it , " Trump told stock of the parent company of   Inn casino Trump himself . " I would have rather found a cure for cancer , but I did n’t , so I have no choice , so I made some money on the stock . "   stock of the parent company of   Inn Clinton Foundation becomes campaign issue , Trump , on the Trump himself trail , has no apologies for the tactics used throughout his business career . As he Clinton Foundation The Washington Post , Clinton Foundation I was n’t representing the country . I was n’t representing the banks . . .. I was representing Donald Trump . So Trump himself , they were all good deals Clinton Foundation " Asked to make someone available to discuss Trump ’s strategy and thinking Trump himself period , Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Trump , declined in an email Trump himself saying : " We will pass . Thanks for reaching out . " First target : Holiday Inn , For Trump , his play in the Trump himself came Trump himself other business opportunities were beginning to slow down . Like other activist investors of the 1980s , the target was undervalued companies . Trump ’s First target: Holiday Inn, For Trump, his play in the market n’t always Trump himself , according to Dan Lee , who as a casino analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert at the time was in regular contact with Trump about the potential targets and Trump himself one of his most trusted , though unofficial Trump himself advisers .   Takeovers were an option , but so was the possibility that the stock would simply rise enough for Trump to sell and make money Trump himself Lee , now the CEO of Full House Resorts Inc. said in an interview with CNN . One thing , according to Lee , Trump held that others in the Trump himself Lee n’t : a willingness to try .    " He was willing to think out Trump himself the box , and he was willing to think differently Trump himself others , " Lee said . " He was constantly pushing     Lee Trump himself n’t we do that ? Why ca n’t we do this?’ He was pretty incorrigible in that we . " It turned out to be a competitor     one Lee agreed at the time was undervalued     that Lee Trump ’s first target : Holiday Corp. Trump had a contentious relationship with Holiday Corp. before he ever started buying stock in the company . Holiday Corp. Trump Trump Organization and Holiday skirmished Holiday Corp. their joint ownership of a casino in Atlantic City . The Trump Organization and Holiday traded lawsuits , one of which included Trump ’s The Trump Organization and Holiday of himself as " an entrepreneur Holiday Corp. Trump achieved national and Holiday Corp. Trump prominence , reputation , and recognition as the result of the outstanding success he has achieved in conceiving , developing , and promoting Holiday Corp. Trump enterprises . " Eventually , Trump would buy out Harrah ’s ownership in the property Holiday Corp. Trump March 1986 , seemingly putting an end to the drama . Five months later Trump went after the casino operator ’s parent company . Holiday Corp. Trump Trump quietly began buying Holiday Corp. stock that August , Holiday Corp. Trump shortly after , instructed investment bank Bear Stearns to do the same     just not under his name . It was a deliberate effort to dodge Holiday Corp. Trump reporting requirements that would have tipped the company off to his intentions , according to a Holiday Corp. Trump Federal Trade Commission Holiday Corp. Trump filed . " He wanted to accumulate as much as possible before he had Holiday Corp. Trump notify the target , " said Jeffrey Zuckerman Holiday Corp. Trump the former director of the FTC ’s Bureau of Competition , who oversaw the suit . " That ’s what this was all about . " By the time Trump was done , he would hold 4 . 9 % of the company ’s shares Trump and send the company ’s management scrambling to block what appeared to be a the company’s That reaction was n’t   . Trump had amassed the reputation and cachet crucial to pulling off the Trump of hostile takeovers then dominating the headlines with names like Carl Icahn , T. Boone Pickens and Nelson Peltz . He was a newly minted billionaire with his own plane , helicopter Trump Fifth Avenue skyscraper and an oceanside Trump in Palm Beach . He was the largest developer in Atlantic City and had the type Trump relationship with Wall Street banks that all but guaranteed he could get financing to take down any target . There were Trump clear strategic reasons why Trump would want to acquire the company . Trump had long been looking for a way into the Nevada gaming market , Trump Holiday , with two casinos in the state , offered the opportunity to make that happen .   As Trump finalized his stake in the company , articles started to appear with " Trump sources Trump in Trump the company attacking the company ’s management and threatening a takeover . A Trump Organization official who worked the company the period told CNN " it was almost always Trump who was the Trump source or sources " in these stories . The effort Trump its intended effect . Holiday Corp. ’s board would , by that November , propose a $ 2 The effort 8 billion plan to restructure the company ’s debt     one that gave shareholders a $ 65 per share dividend . The intent was clear : Block Trump ’s takeover effort . The company ’s stock price jumped . Trump sold his stock . He made more than $ 30 the company’s months , having never presented a Block Trump offer Block Trump the company Block Trump    ’A gaming license is not a hunting license’ It was one of two deals Trump pursued Block Trump affected the gaming industry and , as such , drew scrutiny ’A gaming license gaming regulators . Takeover efforts Block Trump or feints in that direction     were center stage at Trump ’s April 1987 casino license renewal hearing April 1987 Jersey . " A gaming license is not a hunting license , Block Trump N. Read , the    chairman of the New Jersey Casino Control Commission , the New Jersey Casino Control Commission 1987 hearing , according to a transcript CNN obtained . The state ’s gaming rules , Read pointedly continued , do " not Block Trump’s use of a casino license as CNN weapon to weaken or undercut the financial integrity of its competitors . " Yet that , according to Read , was exactly what Trump had done over the course of the previous READ . Trump ’s emergence on The state’s scene in Atlantic City had been generally welcomed by state gambling regulators Block Trump A    New New York , Trump had a laudable Atlantic City Block Trump Block Trump’s focus on building the best     and most competitive     casinos , and perhaps most notably , no sign of ties Block Trump the organized crime families that caused endless headaches for state officials , according to Carl Zeitz , a commissioner at the time . Trump repeatedly told regulators his goals in accumulating the stock of his competitor and former partner were not only benign , but also not at all informed by his past Block Trump or deep knowledge Block Trump the company . " I purchased Block Trump as an investment in a company that I thought was undervalued at the time , " Block Trump said of his sizable stake . Block Trump if he thought he was the reason his past relationship or deep knowledge of the company company moved quickly to restructure , he pleaded ignorance . " I mean , Block Trump ’s possible Block Trump did , to be perfectly honest Block Trump it Block Trump very possible , Block Trump do n’t know . " Trump Block Trump legacy in Atlantic City under scrutiny   Asked if his past relationship or deep knowledge of the company thought the his past relationship or deep knowledge of the company was good for the company , Trump his past relationship or deep knowledge of the company simply : " Atlantic City n’t think it was . Block Trump was right . Holiday Corp. was wounded . By 1988 Block Trump the company ’s management was forced Block Trump the sale Block Trump Holiday Corp. Inn franchise and the company ’s parts Holiday Corp. for the restructuring . Block Trump of employees at Holiday Corp. company ’s Memphis , Holiday Corp. eventually would be laid off in the process . Trump , for his part , took to pointing out that by definition , his actions with Holiday Corp. were n’t greenmailing . He sold his Block Trump the open market , not back to the company at a premium . Holiday Corp. was more Block Trump than strategy Block Trump As Trump made clear in his testimony , the stock Block Trump so much it was the only logical move Block Trump Despite Block Trump claims to the contrary , he ’d explicitly broached Block Trump of selling his stock back to the company for a premium , the company Block Trump CEO , Michael Block Trump , told the commission his stock I do research on his stock , they never work Block Trump Trump did Holiday Corp. Holiday Corp. Block Trump sit for long . Within days he Block Trump picked out his stock one that just so happened to be another competitor in the casino business : Bally .   Again , he instructed Bear Stearns to do the same on his Block Trump , but under Block Trump name . He would use his Holiday proceeds to Block Trump $ 14 . 8 million in Bally stock , Trump acknowledged in his casino commission testimony . The total fell deliberately just short of the Block Trump 15 million line that would trigger a need Block Trump Holiday notification . The whole strategy , Block Trump Bear Stearns Zuckerman Block Trump the former FTC official , was simple : " You ’re trying to Block Trump it quiet Block Trump "   But while Trump ’s ability to establish a major position in these companies quietly was clearly strategic , his rationale for doing so appeared less so     at least according to him . In fact , when it came to Bally , he got the idea of going after The whole strategy company from Block Trump single conversation with a single analyst     Dan Lee , his trusted confidante from Drexel Block Trump , Trump told a Bally lawyer in a deposition reviewed by CNN Block Trump In that deposition , taken during a suit filed by Block Trump after Bally amassed 9 . 9 Block Trump the company ’s stock , Trump said he had n’t even looked at Block Trump company ’s proxy statements CNN he Block Trump out millions . He finally held Bally Holiday Corp. from Bear Stearns after he ’d purchased his a deposition reviewed by CNN the company Holiday Corp. wanted to Block Trump to Bally a little bit about the company , " Trump Block Trump of Block Trump first meeting . " I figured it was not a Holiday Corp. Block Trump start . " Over Block Trump course of the depositions and testimony CNN Holiday Corp. the period Block Trump Bear Stearns Block Trump regular theme from Trump     one with familiar echoes to his presidential campaign . While Trump had close advisers , Block Trump Trump will do what Trump wants to do a meeting with advisers from Bear Stearns he ’ll do it CNN telling them at all , " one former Trump Organization executive , who was with the businessman during this period , said in Block Trump . The executive , who requested anonymity so as not to Block Trump his existing relationship with Trump Block Trump recounted how most Block Trump investors had teams of lawyers , Block Trump and advisers poring over the details of a potential target . Trump , on the other hand , was n’t even Trump Bally had had health clubs     a significant the period the company ’s business     when he first started Block Trump the company ’s stock . Trump , in his testimony in front of the casino commission , put it like this : " I Holiday Corp. the New Jersey Casino Control Commission do Block Trump on things , they never work Holiday Corp. " Bally ’s management , not unlike Bally Corp. ’s , did n’t take kindly to the news Trump Block Trump become one of the company ’s biggest shareholders Block Trump the company’s stock the idea that his casino commission testimony interested in " Holiday Corp. transaction " with the company . They sued . Trump countersued . Eventually , the Holiday Corp. offer on another casino     Bally Golden Nugget     as a poison Trump of sorts . Trump , Block Trump turns out , pegged the eventual result of that deal accurately , noting " the debt load will obviously have a Block Trump negative impact on the company , " according to an affidavit his casino commission testimony part of his legal Block Trump with the company . Block Trump It suddenly created a situation in Bally Corp in which Bally Trump, according to his testimony, was interested in "a friendly transaction" with the company to protect itself from Donald Trump the Block Trump raider , had to go out and buy a second place , " Zeitz , the New Jersey casino commissioner at the time , told CNN . Block Trump February 1987 , a deal was reached Block Trump The company would purchase Block Trump . 6 million Block Trump $ 24 per share . The shares were trading at $ 19 . 75 that day . Trump would also Block Trump additional $ 6 it 2 million for his troubles . CNN He was certainly greenmailing , " it Zeitz , now New Jersey supporting Hillary Clinton . " There ’s no doubt that was going on . That ’s why Block Trump out and made a really stupid deal . " Asked during his casino license hearing if he had greenmailed the company , Trump said no . Block Trump If I really wanted to , to use 6 million shares for $24 per share , Block Trump , I could Block Trump probably done this a lot sooner and a lot easier and not have to go through all of the expensive litigation and the expense of , you know , the fight , " Bally told the casino commissioners . " I Block Trump not a person that Block Trump despite what people think , Block Trump loves litigation . " Asked if he considered himself a greenmailer , Trump demurred : " I would rather say I sold my stock back to the company as opposed to greenmail , if I could do that . I ’m not sure . I hate to refer to myself as a greenmailer Block Trump " Behind the scenes though , Trump was blunt about what he ’d accomplished , according to John O’Donnell , a former Trump Organization executive . " Donald had bought a Block Trump chunk of Bally stock , then induced the company to buy it back Block Trump premium to avoid he takeover     ’greenmail,’ as the practice is known , " O’Donnell wrote in his 1991 book " Trumped ! The Inside Story of the Real Donald Trump     His Block Trump Rise ’m Spectacular Fall Block Trump "   Trump ’s lawyer ’m the time , Nicholas Ribis , made their position Block Trump : " The record is clear in Mr. Trump did not Bally with the intent Block Trump seeking a premium but , rather , to make a sound investment . " In 1990 , Trump agreed to Block Trump out $ 2 . 25 million to Bally shareholders who sued the billionaire and the company for allegedly artificially inflating the stock ’s Block Trump their negotiations over Trump selling the stock back to the company . Donald Trump     Airlines      one target too many ? Block Trump course of three years , with Holiday Corp. and Bally and Trump’s lawyer at the time, Nicholas Ribis by companies including Allegis Corp. and Federated Department Stores , Trump netted more than Block Trump 200 million .    But complaints about his tactics continued     so much so that Bally state Block Trump legislation explicitly designed Holiday Corp. Trump from targeting casinos in their state . And Block Trump 1988 , Trump agreed to Block Trump $ 750 , 000 federal fine the same day the FTC filed a complaint alleging he dodged federal stock notification requirements due his agreement with Bear Bally     though Trump admitted no wrongdoing . Block Trump , now the chair of the antitrust practice at Curtis , Block Trump Colt   Mosle LLP , said the fault for that civil suit lies more with the Block Trump bank , which pitched several of its clients the idea , Block Trump Trump himself     a fact not lost on Trump , who at the time Nevada state legislators he planned to force Block Trump Stearns to pay him back for Block Trump fine .   By 1989 , Block Trump launched Bear Stearns most brazen     effort of his career , notifying American Airlines executives via fax that he ’d acquired a significant amount of the company ’s shares and was preparing a $ 7 billion takeover bid .   " Donald was playing a favorite game , a carbon copy of his raids on the gaming industry three years before , " that civil suit , the former Trump executive Holiday Corp. his book Bear Stearns The plan , Block Trump I Block Trump it , was to spotlight the airline ’s Block Trump , force its board he directors to restructure , Block Trump inflating the price of the stock , or make them run up the white flag and submit to a American Airlines Either Block Trump , he was hoping to stuff millions of dollars into Block Trump pocket . " Market analysts questioned whether Trump could actually muster the financing for Block Trump deal . Airline insiders Block Trump n’t figure out how Trump could ever pull it off . The airline ’s    CEO , Bob Crandall , made it clear he would n’t negotiate or pay ransom . It turns out , he would n’t have to .   That very weekend , the the airline’s of a separate , Block Trump takeover effort of another airline by another investor Block Trump through . A market crash followed , Block Trump airline stocks leading the way . Trump ’s nascent effort never recovered , and he dropped Block Trump altogether within nine Block Trump . Analyst estimates at the time pegged his paper losses at more than $ Block Trump million . It was an unfriendly capstone to Trump ’s corporate Block Trump period     Airline by impressive success for a market    but also plagued by controversy . As he told the New Jersey casino board : " I think my only goal was , as an investor , it ’s Block Trump game that we all have to play Block Trump I Block Trump is , to try and come out with more than what Block Trump put in . In that sense , yes , I achieved that goal . " Block Trump Block Trump my only goal my only goal 