’   ’ ’    Republican Sen. Lindsay Graham told the FBI on Tuesday that the FBI    would " " if the FBI failed to respond to Republican Sen. Lindsay Graham subcommittee’ ’s    letter asking for " copies of any warrant applications and court    orders " related to any wiretaps of President Donald Trump . ’ "    Graham , the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s    Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism ,   to FBI Director James Comey and the acting    deputy attorney general last week requesting any information FBI Director James Comey and the acting   deputy attorney general    might have about wiretapping that targeted the Trump campaign    before the election . " ’    The letter came after Trump’ ’s explosive tweets that alleged ,    without evidence , that President Barack Obama had Trump Tower’ ’s    " wires tapped " during the presidential campaign . The White House    released a statement shortly thereafter " requesting that as part    of their investigation into Russian activity , the congressional    intelligence committees exercise the congressional   intelligence committees oversight authority to    determine whether executive branch investigative powers were    abused in 2016 . " ’ "    The president does not have the unilateral authority to order a    wiretap on suspected foreign spies operating inside the US ,    experts say . Doing so   that would implicate career civil    servants and necessitate a huge   . Rather , law enforcement    and intelligence agencies wishing to monitor signal intelligence    law enforcement   and intelligence agencies wishing to monitor signal intelligence    deem relevant to an investigation   —    in this case , Russia ’s    interference in the 2016 election   —    must obtain a warrant from    the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . " "    While Trump called for the House and Senate intelligence    committees to look into the matter , it is the Department of    Justice ’s criminal division that obtains warrants for wiretaps   —      a division that is overseen by Graham ’s subcommittee . " ’’ ’    Graham and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , the subcommittee’ ’s Democratic    ranking member , wrote earlier this month that while Graham and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, the subcommittee’’s Democratic   ranking member " take    any abuse of wiretapping authorities for political purposes very    seriously , " Graham and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, the subcommittee’’s Democratic   ranking member were requesting that the Justice Department    " provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders    . .. related to wiretaps of President Trump , the Trump Campaign ,    or Trump Tower . " ’ ’    " We would be equally alarmed to learn that a court found enough    evidence of criminal activity or contact with a foreign power to    legally authorize a wiretap of President Trump , the Trump    Campaign , or Trump Tower , " the senators wrote . ’ ’    Graham said on Tuesday that Graham subcommittee would hold a hearing    on Wednesday examining " Russian efforts to undermine    democracies . " Graham told reporters that if the FBI did not respond    to Graham letter before a hearing   on Wednesday examining "Russian efforts to undermine   democracies , Graham would " make an announcement       let the the FBI they are the FBI to screw up big time   —    if    they keep the FBI to the intel committee and not answer that       . " ’ ’    " We have jurisdiction over the FBI the FBI . " I like Director Comey a lot . But . .. all things legal    come through the judiciary committee the intel committee don’’t honor this    all things legal    and give us an answer then I We say that we need a    joint We committee because the regular order is not working . " ’ "    A joint select committee is made up of members of both the House    and the Senate and is established to investigate broad , complex    issues that touch upon several standing committees’    jurisdictions . " ’    Reached for comment , Graham’ ’s office said the senator has been    " pushing for a Select Committee from the start to investigate all    issues related to Russia . " ’ ’    " The Judiciary Committee generally has a Select Committee FBI , "    said Graham’ ’s communications director , Graham’’s . " The Intel    Committee does not . . a Select Committee letter to the FBI with Sen.    Whitehouse and are awaiting their response the FBI ’ ’    The FBI declined to comment , except to say that " we the FBI the FBI responses to congressional letters to the lawmakers . " the FBI ’Republican Sen. Lindsay Graham told the FBI on . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 the FBI the FBI 