Washington ( CNN ) Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday that the House Republican health care plan will not leave anybody worse off , prompting the conservative news site Breitbart to question in bold type whether that would n’t turn out to be a fib . " Nobody will be worse off financially in the process that we ’re going through , " Washington (CNN) Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " The former Georgia congressman also said that a lot of people were " worse off right now " due to poor insurance plans and high deductibles . " What a lot of people were "worse off right now" due to poor insurance plans and high deductibles want to do is to put in place a system that will allow for folks to select the coverage that folks want , " Washington (CNN) Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said . After Price ’s remarks aired , Breitbart News posted a piece on Breitbart News comments under the headline , " Upcoming lie of the year ? " The Republican bill , which President Donald Trump supports , has come under significant fire from both sides of the aisle since it was unveiled last week . Many conservatives have dubbed it " Obamacare Lite , " a label Price disputed . The American Health Care Act , as The Republican bill, which President Donald Trump supports is officially known , has yet to be scored by the Congressional Budget Office , but many , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , have said they Many conservatives the CBO estimate , expected as soon as Monday , will show that the plan would reduce the number of insured , although Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan that was n’t necessarily a bad thing because it reflected economic freedom . However , Price said he House Speaker Paul Ryan otherwise about the actual number of people who would have health coverage if the the plan in effect . " In fact , I believe , again , that we ’ll have more individuals covered , " Price said Price The multifaceted GOP proposal is geared towards repealing replacing much of the Affordable Care Act , commonly known as Obamacare . It would The multifaceted GOP proposal Obamacare ’s individual mandate , which requires all people to have health care coverage or face a fine . The House The multifaceted GOP proposal mandate with a surcharge Obamacare’s individual mandate, which requires all people to have health care coverage or face a fine in insurance coverage . Asked what success under the bill would mean , The multifaceted GOP proposal an optimistic preview , saying , " It means more people covered than are Price right now , and at an average cost that is less , and I believe we can firmly do that with the plan that we ’ve laid out there . " we 