The Guardian published fake news earlier this week , selectively editing quotes from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange about the Russian press and Donald Trump . [ Ben Jacobs wrote an article at The Guardian titled , " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives guarded praise of Trump Donald Trump blasts Clinton in interview . " Both of these claims are provably false within The Guardian ’s own article and are a blatant misrepresentation of Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange statements .    Jacobs’ article is comprised of quotes from an interview that Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange with La Republica , an Italian newspaper which published the full transcript of the interview online . Either Jacobs or an editor then mixed and matched quotes in order to construct the desired narrative . Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange once actively praised or stated his WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange for    Donald Trump . Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange not even asked his WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange opinion on Trump   Donald Trump WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange asked what he WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange the consequences of a Trump   Donald Trump would be . Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange : Hillary Clinton ’s election would have been a consolidation of power in the existing ruling class of the United States . Donald   Donald Trump not a DC insider , he is   Donald Trump of the wealthy ruling elite of the United the United States he is   Donald Trump around him a   Donald Trump of other rich people and several idiosyncratic personalities . They do not by a spectrum of other rich people and several idiosyncratic personalities form an existing a spectrum of other rich people and several idiosyncratic personalities , so it is a weak structure which is displacing and destabilising the    central power network within DC . It is DC new it structure which will evolve rapidly , but at the moment its looseness means there it opportunities for change in the United States : change for the worse and change for the better . Nothing stated by Assange in his reply shows that Assange has any admiration Assange love for    Trump . Assange ’s description of Assange part of the   Trump wealthy ruling elite of the United States " who has surrounded himself with " a spectrum of other rich people and several idiosyncratic personalities " could even be seen as a criticism of the future president . Secondly , and perhaps even more offensively , Jacobs implies that Assange believes Russia to be Assange transparent and free a state to require a whistleblowing service such as WikiLeaks . Assange was asked why it Assange that most of the documents that WikiLeaks have published have related WikiLeaks Western governments and have not focused on countries such as Russia and China . Jacobs Russia a quote from Jacobs , reading : In Assange , there are many Russia publications , online blogs , and Kremlin critics such as [ Alexey ] Navalny are part of that spectrum . There are also newspapers like " Novaya Gazeta " in which different parts of society in Moscow are permitted to critique each other and it is tolerated , generally , because it is n’t a big it channel that might have a mass popular effect , its audience is educated people it Moscow . So my interpretation Moscow that in Russia there are competitors to WikiLeaks . What he did not include was the rest of the quote where Assange continues to explain that due to WikiLeaks being a native    WikiLeaks with few translators , it is easier for Russian whistleblowers to contact    publications : So my interpretation is that in Russia there are competitors to WikiLeaks , and no WikiLeaks WikiLeaks speak Russian , WikiLeaks for a Russian culture which has its own language , you Russian to be seen as a local player . WikiLeaks is a predominantly    WikiLeaks with a website predominantly in English . We have published more than 800 , 000 documents about or referencing Russia and president Putin , Russia we do have quite a We of coverage , but the majority of our publications come from Western We , though not always . For example , we have published more than We million documents from Syria , including Bashar    personally . Sometimes we make a publication about We country and they will see WikiLeaks as a player within that country , like with a country and Kenya . The real determinant is how distant that culture is from English . Chinese culture is quite far away . Assange directly points out that WikiLeaks has indeed published documents on WikiLeaks , but that many whistleblowers consider other publications before bringing their information to WikiLeaks . Assange many whistleblowers not state WikiLeaks Russia Assange not in need of Russia due to it ’s press being open and free as the Guardian article implies .   Jacobs’ article was immediately picked up and spread through social media , as much fake news does , and was even posted by the likes of Daniel Drezner , a Washington Post writer , political science professor , and Clinton supporter , who ’s tweet received over seven thousand retweets and nearly eight thousand likes . The next time you ’re inclined to take Julian Assange seriously , remember this . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Daniel W. Drezner ( @dandrezner ) December 25 , 2016 ,   The journalist from La Republica who conducted the initial interview , Stefania Maurizi , has outright denied The Guardian ’s claims : . @dandrezner this is completely false : Julian # Assange never ever declared that in my interview ,   —    stefania maurizi ( @SMaurizi ) December 26 , 2016 ,   Journalist Glenn Greenwald also skewered The Guardian ’s pushing of fake Guardian an article for The Intercept titled , " The Guardian ’s Summary of Julian Assange Guardian Viral and Was Completely False . " The purpose of this article is to underscore , yet again , that those who most flamboyantly denounce Fake News , and want Facebook and other tech giants to suppress content in the name of combating it , are often the most aggressive and    perpetrators of it . The Guardian has since amended Jacobs’ story it deleting sections claiming Assange has close ties to Vladimir Putin and that he characterized the Russian press as open and free Vladimir Putin This article was amended on 29 December to remove a sentence in which it was asserted that Assange " has long had This article close relationship with Assange Putin regime " . A sentence was also amended Vladimir Putin paraphrased the interview , suggesting Assange said " there was no need for Wikileaks Assange undertake a whistleblowing role in Russia because of the open and competitive debate he claimed exists there " . It has been Assange to more directly describe the question Assange was responding to when he spoke of Russia Assange " many vibrant publications Assange . This Russia not the first time that Ben Jacobs has actively misquoted people in an attempt to further a political narrative . Tweeting just two days before the presidential election , Jacobs quoted Trump as saying , " We are Ben Jacobs to deliver justice the way it used to be in this country . " justice : We are going Russia justice the way Trump used to be in this county ,   — justice Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) November 7 , 2016 ,   Jacobs failed to include the full quote , which read Ben Jacobs " We are going to deliver justice the way justice used to be in this country , at the ballot box on November Eighth Russia However , some fell for Jacobs’ fearmongering : @Bencjacobs Like this ? pic . twitter .    —    Jerry Burke ( @aqualad08 ) November 7 , 2016 ,   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . Lucas Nolan 
 Lucas Nolan 