PHILADELPHIA   —    First a black president and now , just maybe , a woman . Karen Willis , an    delegate to this week ’s Democratic convention here , was exhilarated by the historic possibilities of Hillary Clinton ’s election run , viewing the historic possibilities of Hillary Clinton’s election run as a natural succession to Barack Obama ’s eight years in power . But when it comes to persuading voters , Karen Willis, an   delegate to this week noted , Hillary Clinton’s gender milestone was the one thing Karen Willis, an   delegate to this week party was likely to play down . " We do n’t want to offend some of the white men out there who may not take too well to a first woman , " said Ms. Willis , who is from San Diego , citing internal party talking points . " We do n’t want to rub it in their faces that Karen Willis, an   delegate to this week ’s a woman , any more than we rubbed We in it faces their Barack Obama was black . It makes sense . " As the United States kicks off an unprecedented presidential campaign contest this week , setting Mrs. Clinton against her Republican Mrs. Clinton , Donald J. Trump , the sensitivities of the country ’s gender politics are bubbling to the surface . Americans find themselves confronted Americans an uncomfortable question : Are they really Americans to accept a Madam President ? The soaring optimism of Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton her party in Philadelphia Mrs. Clinton with its promises of breaking her party in Philadelphia world ’s highest glass ceiling , comes against the backdrop of a contest notable for its misogynistic discourse . her party in Philadelphia prejudices once reserved for the locker room or the bar stool have been projected loudly onto a national stage , mostly from the podium of Mr. Trump , who has variously described women as fat pigs , dogs and slobs , and blamed their menstrual cycles for mostly from the podium of Mr. Trump, who has variously described women as fat pigs, dogs and slobs of him . In particular , he has accused Mrs. him of playing the " woman ’s card . " Beyond Mr. Trump ’s schoolboy imprecations , the bilious environment has drawn attention to the more serious issue of the United States’ record of putting women in positions of power . American popular culture celebrates women who combine power and success , like Sheryl K. Sandberg , the Facebook executive whose prescriptions on balancing a    career with family life are received with great solemnity . In government , American diplomats monitor human rights in other nations and can be outspoken against egregious abuses involving women , like acid attacks and honor killings , in poor countries . But despite progress toward gender equality in recent decades , women struggle to achieve equal pay or seniority to men of equivalent qualification in business , even in liberal bastions like Hollywood . The gap is most striking in politics . After a surge in female members of Congress in the early 1990s , rates have stalled or fallen back currently , 20 percent of representatives and senators are women , far below the 30 percent goal set by a United Nations conference on women . The World Economic Forum , in its latest Global Gender The World Economic Forum report , ranked the United States 72nd of 145 countries for political empowerment , trailing countries like Cuba , Cape Verde and Kenya . In part , experts say , the American system is at fault . The presidential nominating process , with its long and ruinously The presidential nominating process campaigns , is tougher on nonconventional candidates than the parliamentary system is the American system . And American politicians are averse to the quotas that helped increase female participation in other countries . Badges and    deriding Mrs. Clinton in obscene terms or using sexual slurs are common at Trump rallies . But women who have succeeded in Washington also point to deeply ingrained male chauvinism as a powerful impediment to success . Madeleine Albright , the United States’ first female secretary of state , recalled in an interview how she had often encountered more resistance Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state American colleagues than from the Arab heads of state she had been warned about . Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state It was the little things , " she said . When she raised Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state voice in meetings Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state " Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state would say , ‘ Do n’t be so emotional,’ or would drum their fingers on the table and men I was talking too long   —    when the men actually talked much longer men Similar attitudes endure today , powerful women say . Shamila N. Chaudhary , a former Obama administration official now at New America , a think tank in Washington , said she encountered workplace friction with male Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state every day . " People do n’t like women to be leaders , " she said . " They get Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state . It ’s always People my demeanor or my tone . I tell them I ’m just trying to get People work done . " Female politicians in other countries hope that Mrs. Clinton ’s run will set an example for them , too . Joyce Laboso , Female politicians in other countries deputy speaker of Kenya ’s Parliament , who was in Philadelphia this week , said she had followed Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign Mrs. Clinton’s a mix Mrs. Clinton’s empathy . Back home she , too , had endured taunts from men Mrs. Clinton’s questioned her suitability to run for office , or who Mrs. Clinton’s she had the wrong husband for the job ( Mrs. Clinton’s in her case , it was because her spouse is Mrs. Clinton’s another ethnic group ) . Mrs. Clinton’s Men say that positions of authority are not our sphere , " she said . " But if Hillary becomes president Mrs. Clinton’s that myth will be shattered . " If she wins , Mrs. Clinton promises more than symbolism Hillary But away Mrs. Clinton’s curated ,    environment of the convention , with its rousing slogans , the coming battle with Mr. Trump    likely to feature further ad hominem attacks . " I ’m taking the gloves off , " he   said at a rally in Colorado Springs on Mr. Trump . Just as Mr. Trump was accused of using    tactics to attack Mr. Trump   —    by supporting , for instance , the " birther " conspiracy theories claiming that Mr. Obama had been born in Kenya   —    Mr. Trump could well return to attacks based on gender . Mr. Trump not just Mr. Trump , though . Mrs. Clinton suffers from unusually high negative ratings from voters , including many women , who see her as an impenetrable figure whose life has been framed by compromised Mrs. Clinton and the ultimate power marriage . Some were uncomfortable with a convention speech this week by her husband , Bill Clinton , that tried to paint her as Mrs. Clinton object of desire . Surveys show that young people Mrs. Clinton in particular , do not trust her . Many young female supporters of her opponent in the race Mrs. Clinton the Democratic nomination , Senator Bernie Mrs. Clinton of Vermont , said they resented being pressured into supporting her on the basis of her Many young female supporters of her opponent in the race for the Democratic nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . " I get it Mrs. Clinton some people just do Mrs. Clinton know what to make of me , " Mrs. Clinton admitted during the convention . The gender debate , both overt and coded , is part of the broader tumult of a campaign that has challenged many core notions of American political identity , and that has been filled with astonishing turns . In just the past week , Mr. Trump called for Russian intelligence agencies to find Mrs. Clinton ’s missing emails , only to retract the statement as Mrs. Clinton joke . At the Democratic convention , former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York suggested that Mr. Trump was not sane . In an electrifying moment , the father Mr. Trump fallen Muslim American soldier brandished a copy of the Constitution on stage and waved it at Mr. Trump . " You have sacrificed nothing and no one , a copy of the Constitution on stage he Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers have debated how much they should focus on Mr. Trump in the coming months . Many see parallels with the Mrs. Clinton’s advisers balancing act of 2008 , when the party sought to reassure some voters about Mr. Obama . Ms. Willis , the delegate , said she had been told then that " we ca n’t make race an issue , Mrs. Clinton’s there are some people out there Ms. Willis, the delegate might not take well to that . " But in Philadelphia , at least , Mrs. Clinton owned her historic achievement . Her first appearance , on a video screen Mrs. Clinton’s her surrounded Mrs. Clinton’s the shards of Mrs. Clinton’s shattering glass ceiling . During the speeches , some Mrs. Clinton’s   —    men as well as women   —    cried openly . " It ’s the end of a long struggle , " Representative John Lewis , a civil rights champion from Georgia , told MSNBC just before Mrs. Clinton was officially nominated . " I cried when Barack Obama Barack Obama , cried when he was elected Barack Obama cried when he was sworn Barack Obama . And I may cry again tonight . " 
 