’   ’ ’    In his speech to the joint session of Congress on Tuesday ,    President Trump took time to attack the Affordable Care Act ,    better known as Obamacare , and laid out a broad vision for the    future of healthcare in the US . ’ ’    " Obamacare is collapsing and we must act decisively to protect    all Americans , " President Trump said . " Action is not a choice   —    it is a    necessity . So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in    the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this    imploding Obamacare disaster . " ’ "    The president went on to lay out five principles that The president says The president    wants to see in an Obamacare replacement   —    from preexisting    conditions to funding to help the poorest American buy    coverage . Here ’s what these plans could mean for many    Americans . " "    Before the Affordable Care Act , Americans with health problems    ranging from asthma to cancer could find it hard or even    impossible to obtain health insurance , if health insurance did n’t have health insurance    through an employer or other group .   " "    Obamacare ’s rule forbidding insurance companies from excluding    these Americans with preexisting conditions has become . Trump has longed    vowed to maintain that .   " ’    But there are a few different things this could mean . ’ ’    In a leaked draft of the House GOP’ ’s       bill , people can not be denied coverage based on a preexisting    condition , but many could be placed into    separate marketplaces called "   pools . " ’ "    In the ACA ’s individual    exchanges , healthy    people and people with preexisting conditions are in the    same pool . For insurers , this helps to balance the risk and costs    and mitigate losses from the exchange . Since there are limits to    how much people in the same pool can be charged , this also    leads to healthier people having slightly higher premiums    than how much people in the same pool would otherwise and those with preexisting    conditions to have somewhat cheaper premiums . " ’    Republicans would separate the two groups , bringing down costs    for healthy people who want insurance through the individual    marketplace . It would also most likely mean that those people    with preexisting conditions would see those people   with preexisting conditions costs rise . ’ ’      states had ’ ’      own    pools    before the ACA . The Kaiser Family Foundation , a leading    nonpartisan    think tank ,   in their own   pools   before the ACA was anywhere between 125 % and 200 % more    than the average premium cost outside of the pools and many    people did not enroll because of the prohibitive cost . ’ ’    Additionally , the key word in this part is " access . " As      experts have pointed out , access is not the    guarantee for coverage , and the expensive plans in the      pools , while theoretically accessible to people with preexisting    conditions , could price many people out . ’ "    The next principle laid out in Trump ’s speech is designed to help    Americans get affordable health insurance . " ’    The leaked Republican plan proposes giving all Americans a    tax credit up front to buy insurance based on their age a   tax credit The    The leaked Republican plan three age brackets . Those under 35 would get    $ 2 , 000 , for example . ’ "    Currently , Obamacare has a different structure of tax    credits . These are tied to a recipient ’s income and    location , not age . This has allowed about   to get coverage for $ 75    or less in premiums per month , though they did leave some These out since they were capped at some    income of 400 % of the    federal poverty line . " ’   ’ ’    Kaiser also looked at the House draft bill’ ’s proposals for these    block grants , which are roughly in line with the ideas proposed    in House Speaker Paul Ryan’ ’s " Better Way " plan and new secretary    for health and human services secretary Tom Price’ ’s " Putting    Patients First " act . ’ ’    The study by Kaiser found that , overall , the block credit    would shift the balance of assistance . ’ ’    " For current marketplace enrollees , the House Discussion Draft    and Price bill would provide substantially lower tax credits    overall than the ACA . People who are lower income , older , or live    in high premium areas would be particularly disadvantaged under    the House Discussion Draft and Price bill relative to the ACA , " the ACA Kaiser report said . ’ ’    For Instance , under the current ACA credits , the average the ACA    beneficiary over the age of 60 with an income of $ 20 , 000 would    receive $ 9 , 874 per year to pay for their insurance . Under the    House draft , this tax credit would be capped at $ 4 , 000 . ’ ’   ’ ’    It also seems that Trump is being less aggressive about repealing    the tax credits than the most conservative members of his    party .    Trump want to repeal all funding for tax    credits because they believe they are not Republicans responsible Republicans    By endorsing these tax    , it shows that the president these tax credits    more on the side of House Speaker Paul Ryan than conservatives    such as the House Freedom Caucus or Sen. Ted Cruz . ’ ’    This may be one of the most controversial statements from Trump    within his own party . ’ Trump       The ACA expanded Medicaid coverage from the federal government so    that a person making up to 138 % over the federal poverty line    could get insurance through the government program .   this allowed more than 11 million      Americans who otherwise would not have access to    insurance get covered . ’ ’    Some conservatives in the GOP want to   while    Republican lawmakers and governors in states that have expanded    the program want to keep the government program . These lawmakers fear that    rolling Republican lawmakers and governors in states that have expanded   the program for those on Medicaid could be    politically costly : Polls show .    "    The House GOP ’s draft proposes this : repeal federal funding    for the expansion by 2020 and then move the expansion grants . " ’    These would ultimately offer less funding to the states .   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   .   ’ ’   ’ ’In his speech to the joint session of Congress . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 