Nearly    of white evangelical voters plan to cast Nearly   of white evangelical voters ballots for Donald J. Trump despite Donald J. Trump multiple marriages , lack of piety and inconsistency on the issues Nearly   of white evangelical voters care about most , a new poll has found . Support for Donald J. Trump is even stronger than it was four years Donald J. Trump for Mitt Romney , the previous Republican nominee for president , according to the poll of religious voters , released on Tuesday by the Pew Research Center . White evangelicals make up about    of all registered voters and are a coveted bloc who , when energized , can turn out the vote through their churches and social all registered voters . It has been unclear to what extent Mr. Trump will be able to capture this core Republican constituency , because some leading evangelicals have spoken of being disturbed by his penchant for boasting Mr. Trump himself and belittling others Mr. Trump his pledges to deport Mr. Trump immigrants and bar Muslims from entering the country , and his past support for Mr. Trump rights and gay rights . Some influential evangelical leaders have joined the " Never Trump " camp , while others have pledged support for Mr. Trump . More came on board after he wooed about 1 Mr. Trump 000 of them in a    Some influential evangelical leaders in New York . " Trump is not a true believer in any sense , both religiously and on the issues , but he ’s speaking to Trump , " said Some influential evangelical leaders Tobin Grant , a professor of political science at Southern Illinois    and a columnist at the Religion News Service . " He ’s actively courting Trump , and that Some influential evangelical leaders what the activists want . They want to have the activists seat at the table , and they felt they did the activists have the activists with Romney . " The poll also found that Roman Catholics favored Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , over Mr. Trump by 17 percentage points   —    a significant shift from the 2012 presidential race , when Election Day exit polls showed Catholics split almost evenly between Mr. Romney and the Democratic incumbent , President Obama . The change is largely because of the support of Hispanic Catholics , who make up about    of Roman Catholics in the United States and favor Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump by an overwhelming 77 percent to 16 percent . White Catholics narrowly favor Roman Catholics in the United States over Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton , but Mrs. Clinton has a    advantage Mrs. Clinton Catholics who say they attend Mass weekly . Roman Catholics in the United States Protestants are firmly in Mrs. Clinton ’s camp , and white Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton , Black Protestants percent Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton not show results for members of minority religious groups , like Buddhists , Hindus , Jews and Muslims , because there were not enough of them in the poll . The survey found Mrs. Clinton leading Mr. Trump decisively members of minority religious groups, like Buddhists, Hindus, Jews and Muslims a    contest Mrs. Clinton The survey percent . Mrs. Clinton has solid support from voters who claim no religion Mrs. Clinton    a cohort known as the " nones , " according to the poll . This group has grown rapidly in recent years , and now makes up about the poll registered voters   —    about the same share of the electorate as white evangelicals . Religiously unaffiliated voters back Mrs. Clinton by 68 percent to 26 percent , but their support is softer than evangelicals’ support for Mr. Trump . The poll found that 36 percent of Religiously unaffiliated voters back Mrs. Clinton by 68 percent to 26 percent evangelicals said they strongly supported Mr. Trump , while in the poll , just 26 percent said they strongly supported Mr. 36 percent of white evangelicals . Mr. Romney faced resistance from some evangelicals because of his Mormon faith . 36 percent of white evangelicals Trump is a member of Mr. Romney Church U. S. A. a liberal mainline Protestant Mr. Romney , has demonstrated little fluency in the Bible or Christianity , and has said that he has never asked God for forgiveness . But the poll showed that voters in general , including evangelicals , Mr. Romney dissatisfied with their options this year .    percent of white evangelical voters said it would be difficult to choose between Mr. voters in general, including evangelicals and Mrs. Clinton because " neither one " would make a good president . In fact , the survey found that the desire to defeat Mrs. Clinton was the prime reason evangelicals supported Mr. Trump . Of the 78 percent of white evangelicals who said Mrs. Clinton vote for Mr. Trump , 45 percent said their decision was " mainly a vote against Clinton , " while only 30 percent said it was " mainly a they for Trump . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump 