Late last Saturday evening , The New York Times delivered an    scoop to The New York Times readers   —    tax documents of Donald Trump ’s that showed Donald Trump may not have paid taxes for 18 years thanks to a nearly $ 1 billion loss suffered by Donald Trump business . That was a winning story for The New York Times . It took aim at an issue that has dogged Trump Donald Trump months and it It the public insight into Trump Donald Trump businessman , his main pitch for the presidency . Then , one day later , came an investigative look into Hillary Clinton that surfaced revelatory material on : her Hillary Clinton behavior as the wife of a philandering husband . Not as the secretary or state , or the junior senator from New York , or even the first lady behind a calamitous health care initiative . Instead , it Not as the secretary or state, or the junior senator from New York, or even the first lady behind a calamitous health care initiative an issue whose relevance to the election and certainly to her Hillary Clinton presidency seems hard to make . Even the boundless Trump has shown partial restraint around the issue . He Even the boundless Trump that he Even the boundless Trump only considering bringing it up in the future ( despite a few jabs ) but mostly he Even the boundless Trump the frontal attacks to surrogates like Rudy Giuliani . The Times piece ran nearly 3 , 000 words and was played prominently on the front of the home page and on A1 of Monday ’s print edition . It focused on whether Clinton played a key role in efforts to discredit and undermine various women who came forward claiming to have had sexual relations with Bill Clinton , who was running for president . The reporting was exhaustive and balanced , and the tone measured . Its The reporting , from numerous interviews and from resurfacing previously disclosed material , did n’t feel like a big reveal but it was a fair interpretation of the material : " Mrs. Clinton level of involvement in that effort , as described in interviews , internal campaign records and archives , is still the subject of debate . By some accounts , she gave Clinton green light and was a motivating force by others , her support Clinton no more than tacit assent . " But the response from readers writing into the public editor was heavily tilted against the piece , especially but not exclusively the response from women . This email from Suzanne Burke of Savannah , Ga. was typical : I asked the Times ’s political editor , Carolyn Ryan , if she would Carolyn Ryan out the justification for the piece the piece ’s her response in Carolyn Ryan email : I do n’t think this one is an easy call . There is a defensible case to be made that this subject is moving closer to the daily beat of the campaign . And The Times is n’t the only publication that has circled this topic . But a few things bother me about the story . One is the conceit of this piece . the piece more intent on scoping out possibly unethical behavior by a woman whose husband had cheated than on exploring the full dimensions of an undoubtedly brutal period in her life . I Hillary Clinton felt shortchanged on the question of whether Hillary Clinton indeed knew whether the women alleging to have had sexual relationships with her husband were telling Hillary Clinton . If Clinton did n’t believe them Hillary Clinton —    or the women alleging to have had sexual relationships with her husband determined to believe her husband   —    Hillary Clinton more understandable that she would strike out against women that Hillary Clinton her were menacing liars . On the Hillary Clinton hand , if she was trying to smear women she Hillary Clinton were telling the truth , Hillary Clinton , that ’s the truth story . But I left the Times article uncertain which it was . Could some type of biographical the Times article be done on this period of Clinton ’s life ? Perhaps . It would be hard to look the other way if Trump engages a    detailed assault on her behavior . But by launching a Hillary Clinton probe like this one , The Times feels more brazen than the Republican challenger himself . 
 