Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s transition team asked the government about the possibility of getting Donald Jr. Eric and Ivanka Trump , along with Jared Kushner , his    man and Ivanka Trump ’s husband , permission to receive top security clearance , according to a transition source . But the inquiry , which was first published by CBS News , has not yet led to any action . Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said no official request has been made . " The    has not requested security clearance for any family members and no paperwork has been submitted to this effect . Any reporting otherwise is inaccurate , " Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said Thursday . Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told news outlets Wednesday that Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway did n’t have specific details on security clearance , but that if it was requested , then it appeared to be informal . " It sounds to me that was an envelope question posed by someone , " Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told Fox News . " It does n’t sound like It was a formal request . " Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway also told NBC ’s " Today " show , " I only know what I read , which is that the inquiries were made very informally , and that ’s all I know . " Trump to turn business empire over to his children , It is unusual for a president ’s children to be so clued in to White House policy . But the three kids have long been essential advisers to the three kids father ’s presidential bid , and were named last week to the presidential transition committee     which raises     questions given that the three kids will also manage Trump ’s massive business enterprise . And Kushner , who has been one of Trump’s ’s most trusted confidants is expected to be heavily involved in Trump’s White House , perhaps in a formal capacity . If given merely " secret " clearance , the four might have access to secure communications technology or perhaps to travel schedules and Secret Service procedures .   It would likely not mean the Trump children Trump’s getting operational or analytical intelligence reports in their inbox the Trump children unless they have the Trump children job that requires it . More likely , it would mean if there is a document they need the Trump children see for what they are the Trump children , then they will the Trump children the functional clearance to look at it . Clarification : This story has been updated to reflect new reporting . 
 