  ( CNN ) Congress is quickly grappling Tuesday with a new spate of allegations about Donald Trump ’s ties to Russia , with some already claiming that the unverified report vindicates some prior suspicions and statements . Classified documents presented last week to Donald Trump’s and President Barack Obama included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump , according to multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings .   Sources tell CNN that these same allegations about communications between the Donald Trump’s campaign and the Russians , mentioned in classified briefings for congressional leaders last year , prompted    Democratic Leader Harry Reid to send a letter to FBI Director James Comey in October , in which he claimed FBI Director James Comey had " explosive information " about the relationship . Democratic Leader Harry Reid took something of a victory lap on Tuesday . " Democratic Leader Harry Reid Democratic Leader Harry Reid letters and statements speak for themselves letters and statements " a Reid Democratic Leader Harry Reid , Adam Jentleson , said Tuesday Tuesday    that October letter . The news emerged late into attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions’ first day of questions from the Senate Judiciary Committee , which is considering his attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions’ . Sessions told Democratic Sen. Al Franken , who appeared to be breaking the The news Sessions , that he was attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions’ not aware " of any communication between the Russian government and Trump affiliates during the course of the campaign , and seemed to dismiss the new allegations . " Allegations get made about candidates all the time and they ’ve candidates made about    Trump a lot sometimes . Some of them , Trump a lot sometimes all of them have Trump a lot sometimes proven to be exaggerated or untrue , " Sessions said . " I would just say to you that I have no information about this matter . " Chris Coons , a Democrat also on the committee , told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " on Tuesday the allegations would be " explosive " and " truly shocking " if true , which he could Wolf Blitzer independently verify . And Chuck Grassley , the committee the committee told CNN ’s Manu Raju CNN the hearing that if the allegations are true the allegations intensifying sanctions against Russia is " the best thing we can do . " 
 