It ’s terrible when essentially good people turn on essentially good people own side . [ But that ’s primary season for you . Particularly this year , It has former allies at each others’ throats . It almost makes you miss the days when SJWs were n’t irrelevant ! Almost .   The latest salvo in these internecine conflicts comes from Cathy Young , one of a growing number of libertarians and conservatives who are turning their guns on their own side . Her latest salvo was against a    bestselling conservative author and Trump supporter . Lots of people try to garner attention by attacking this particular pundit , with invariably terrible results . It ’s a wonder journalists have n’t learned —   and that journalists    is no more sophisticated today than it was in the 2000s , when every television host was doing it . Still , it ’s Cathy who was the aggressor in this instance , attacking Cathy latest target with the disturbingly leftist tactic of     and unsubstantiated   . Because the commentator had a column syndicated at VDARE   —    an important distinction Cathy has never written for the site   —    which is frequented by the    Cathy alleges that the   Cathy must therefore endorse the worst of its authors’ opinions . A tired line of reasoning , one used by those who prefer to debate with shame and taboos instead of arguments . I ’m less interested in a lengthy rebuttal of the   Cathy allegations   —    so silly and overwrought that I wo n’t even say what they Cathy’s allegations   !   —    as I am in understanding why she the   Cathy and so many others in conservative and libertarian circles , have adopted the language and tactics of the left during this campaign season . First , there are the obvious points . They ’re in a panic because of the unstoppable rise of Donald Trump , who represents a serious risk to the influence of the DC    set . Then there ’s the alternative right , who many mistakenly believe are as bad , if not worse , than the identitarians of the the left Cathy Young probably shares both of these inclinations   —    she wrote Cathy Young lengthy rebuttal last month after my colleague I decided to    an explainer on the    that did n’t descend into meaningless virtue signalling . But I think the problem runs deeper with Young . Cathy Young ’s Cathy Young very sensible . But , ironically , that moderate impulse makes her susceptible Cathy Young fallacies   —    in particular , her implicit Cathy Young that the " extreme " of the regressive left ’s opponents must be as bad as the extreme of the regressive left itself . the "extreme" of the regressive left’s opponents must be as bad as the extreme of the regressive is n’t the first case of friendly fire on Cathy ’s part , unfortunately . There ’s also Mike Cernovich , excommunicated in her Real Cathy Young Politics column for " vile tweets , " and later blocked for using the word " cuck . " Then there ’s Vox Day , an icon of the    resistance , lambasted by Young as a racist and misogynist   —    a charge his wife no doubt stridently objects to . None of these people is remotely so dreadful as the worst actors in the    feminist movement or Black Lives Matter . Anyone who has met Day or Cernovich in person   —    I have met both   —    knows that they harbour no animosity toward other races or genders . The same is true of almost everyone I ’ve met in the    alternative right . Sure , they may be merrily outrageous in their blogs they on social media , but a few hours of conversation with them reveals they of the wild zealotry you see in the eyes of campus feminist or black activists . Yet , because Day and Cernovich also dabble in identity politics , Cathy treats them the same   —    if not worse .   The truth is , Cathy has Cathy bothered to really get to know her targets Cathy instead preferring to shame them with her targets buzzwords . I ’m afraid that she is Cathy really opposed to the left ’s social ostracization machine : she just Cathy to choose where it ’s the left’s social ostracization machine . It ’s the left’s social ostracization machine shame , because Cathy has Cathy been a target of that machine the left’s social ostracization machine the early 2010s , she was Cathy of the few writers who dared to question the " rape culture " panic that was underway on American campuses . Despite being vindicated in the wake of the UVA rape hoax and the collapse of the Columbia " mattress girl " case , she was Cathy branded a " rape apologist " by her detractors Cathy the left . At the height of the new wave of sexual assault panic , the Federalist Society even dropped Cathy from their list of campus the Federalist Society , with a former president of the society citing pressure the Federalist Society activists as the likely reason . So it ’s disappointing to see someone who has so often been a target of the irrational taboos that govern modern debate be so quick to use the same weapons in a vain attempt to appear balanced . Because that , I suspect , is Cathy ’s real motive   Cathy    to be seen to be taking a stance that ’s equidistant between the identitarians of the regressive left and the identitarians of the alternative right . It ’s a worthy goal , and Cathy is far from malicious Cathy But there ’s a problem . For her stance to be valid Cathy you must first accept that both sides are equally powerful , equally dangerous and equally zealous . They ’re simply not . both sides rise of cultural libertarianism , the    and Generation Trump is turning conservatives on each other like perhaps no other time in recent memory . At least there ’s one glimmer of hope : history suggests that after their initial squabbles , American conservatives and libertarians tend to get over themselves and come together eventually American conservatives and libertarians It ’s a uniquely American phenomenon , that , and one that terrifies the progressive left , which is more prone to permanent rifts . Let ’s just hope the # NeverTrump types come to their senses soon   … the #NeverTrump types Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Hear Android users every Friday on The Milo Alert Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 