Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern .   —    7:25 : Sanders ’s new group trying to mobilize the left against TPP vote : We will have a very , very narrow window to defeat TPP in the lame duck session of Congress , and we We act quickly if want to succeed .   —    Our We ( @OurRevolution ) August 27 , 2016 ,   One of the great challenges ahead of # OurRevolution is defeating the disastrous    Partnership trade deal .   —    Our We ( @OurRevolution ) August 27 , 2016 ,   6:25 : He may be thinking he He lowering expectations , but there Trump may be the toughest debate opponent for Clinton because there is no way she Clinton prepare for what Trump Trump throw at her Clinton Hillary Clinton    when she Clinton n’t have the proverbial answers to the test robotically memorized . It ’s all about    as they say in sports . For all his lack of substance , Trump Trump showmanship , as    star , makes him his formidable debate foe . He his his his in GOP debates ,   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) August 27 , 2016 ,   5:00 : Classy Tweet from    rapper who vowed to keep performing his   rapper F*ck the Police " anthem even after police were slaughtered in Texas and Louisiana . I will never endorse a mothafucka like Donald Trump ! EVER ! ! !   —    Ice Cube ( @icecube ) August 27 , 2016 ,   4:42 : Trump Donald Trump the mainstream media for not highlighting his Donald Trump good poll numbers . Trump Donald Trump he Donald Trump to empower the people and Clinton wants to scare people . Case in point . Here ’s The Hill‘s misleading headline about a Breitbart    national poll that shows    tied and trending up : " Breitbart News poll shows Trump Donald Trump to Clinton Clinton 4:39 : Trump Donald Trump we ’ll have an " unprecedented crisis " with Clinton Clinton       . He Clinton a vote for Clinton Clinton a vote to have " dangerous open borders where anyone can walk in and do whatever they anyone . " 4:37 : Sarah Root ’s ( their anyone was murdered by an illegal immigrant who was driving drunk ) family blasts the Obama administration for letting their family down . They family to fight to ensure other families do n’t experience their family . Trump mentions that there is a reason his Trump has been endorsed by Border Patrol agents .   4:36 : Interesting : Very few people in the mainstream press are highlighting Trump ’s remarks about how enforcing the country ’s immigration laws is a civil rights issue as well for American citizens —   and legal residents —   of all backgrounds . It ’s because they know that message will resonate . 4:35 : Trump Trump’s Clinton supports sanctuary cities , can not even say " radical Islam , " and will usher in a constitutional crisis . 4:25 : Trump Trump’s he Trump’s running to help people in Detroit and Baltimore and the inner cities and the outer cities . He Trump’s he Trump’s work with police and federal law enforcement to ensure safe communities . He Trump’s also promote more school choice as well to end the discrimination that traps parents and children in failing schools , he Trump’s . Trump Trump’s immigration enforcement " is another civil rights issue . " " Every time an    citizen or a Hispanic citizen or any citizen loses their an   citizen or a Hispanic citizen or any citizen to an illegal immigrant , the rights of that American citizen have been totally violated , " Trump Trump’s . " Equal protection under the law must include the consistent application of our immigration laws . These our immigration laws passed to protect American citizens and lawful residents of our country . "   He Trump’s vows to deport criminal illegal immigrants on the first day of office and blasts Obama ’s executive amnesty . He Trump’s he Trump’s combat international thugs and drug cartels even before the wall is built . 4:22 : Trump mentions the shooting death of Dwyane Wade ’s cousin and calls the number of shooting deaths in inner cities a " national tragedy . " He Trump’s failed Dem . policies in the inner cities and says " it ca n’t get any worse . " He Trump’s to those suffering , " vote for Donald Trump Trump will fix it . It vote for Donald Trump get vote for Donald Trump . " 4:20 : Trump says nothing Trump mean more to him than to Trump the GOP the home of   . Trump says so Trump    have been successful but we have to talk about the millions of    who are    in failing schools and poverty . " As a father , a builder , and an American , it offends my sense of right and wrong to see anyone living in such terrible conditions , " he says . Trump : Trump says his Trump agenda Trump be summed up in " three beautiful words   …      jobs , jobs , jobs . " 4:10 : Trump vows to Trump the " EPA intrusion " into family farms . Trump says Obama Trump about the renewable fuel standard and says Clinton will " sell you out " and " her donors will Clinton the only ones who will be happy . " Trump says Obama Trump a Obama of promises and said " bye bye to Iowa and a lot of places . " He says Clinton Trump raise Clinton on family farms . He blasts Clinton Trump " Clinton agenda and says she ’ll also Clinton death taxes on family farms . Trump also talks Trump getting rid of the Johnson Amendment to reach out to Iowa ’s strong Iowa . " We will let your pastors , your ministers , your rabbis , your priests   …     . we will let them We again without your pastors, your ministers, your rabbis, your priests   their tax deductibility , your pastors, your ministers, your rabbis, your priests   he says , Trump that it ’s imperative for Evangelicals and all religious communities to get out and vote . 4:08 : Trump says at the center of his " change agenda Trump is a plan to fix " our rigged economy . " 4:05 : Trump says the Clinton Trump are dangerous and exhausting and it ’s time to the Clinton scandals up a " new beautiful chapter . " He says Clinton ’s Trump is Clinton protecting the powerful and his campaign is about Trump Clinton’s campaign have no power . He reminds Iowans that Trump Supreme Court is at stake in November . " We ’re going to give working people a voice for the first time in many decades , " Trump says . Trump says it ’s time to Trump the Trump on Clintons , open a " brand new beautiful chapter " https :   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) August 27 , 2016 ,   Trump on Clintons : " Now its time to close that chapter in the history book a "brand new beautiful chapter" https:   a brand new beautiful chapter . "   —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) August 27 , 2016 ,   4:02 : Trump asks , " how much more can voters take ? " He says Clinton thinks she ’s entitled Trump be president and Clinton the law . He says Clinton ’s criminal conduct at Trump and Clinton make her " unfit " to become president . Clinton : Trump praises Iowa ’s stellar GOP roster Trump thanks the bikers supporting him . Trump says he wants to Trump his Trump to Trump country ’s amazing Trump . " I will not let you down , " he says . " They ’ve been Trump you down for many years . " Trump says he ’ll win Iowa and Trump White Trump in November . Iowa says the White House will become Trump the people the White House if he is elected . He says his the White House is about " Trump ideas Trump designed to help everyday people . Trump says his campaign is about people Trump who Trump hard but his campaign have a voice . " He says it ’s also a campaign Trump restore honesty and integrity to his campaign . He says the " whole world has Trump shocked by the continuing revelations regarding Hillary Clinton and her     State Department . " He says the Obama administration Hillary Clinton trying Trump cover up Clinton ’s corruption . 3:57 : Trump now on stage speaking Hillary Clinton the " Roast and Ride " event . . @realDonaldTrump takes the podium at # RoastAndRide in # iowa @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex  Iowa @ASwoyer ) August 27 , 2016 ,   3:33 : The delusional " Never Trump " folks and their allies in the consultant class just wo n’t let it go . They are reportedly " preparing to launch a broadcast TV ad in The delusional "Never Trump" folks and their allies in the consultant class handful of    suburbs urging Donald Trump to quit the presidential race Trump party can replace him with a more electable nominee . " Trump . 3:30 : Trump is virtually tied with Clinton in Iowa Trump he is Iowa Nevada . And it looks Trump the state ’s top Republicans are not going to try to sabotage his chances . Voters will remember and they Trump get blamed for electing Hillary Clinton they try to pull shenanigans Voters In speeches at Joni Ernst Roast and Ride Voters   Iowa , Trump gets verbal Iowa Trump Ernst , Lt Gov Reynolds , Sen Grassley , Rep King , others ,   —    Steve Holland ( @steveholland1 ) August 27 , 2016 ,   . @SteveKingIA not just going to vote for Trump in November , Trump but I ’m going to bring everybody I can November me . " https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ’m August 27 , 2016 ,   
 