’   ’ ’    Prior to Donald Trump winning the presidency and using the term    as a cornerstone of Donald Trump inaugural address , " America First " was    best known as an    isolationist movement that took    shape in the US before the nation’ ’s entry into World War II . ’ ’    The most infamous America Firster was the aviator Charles    Lindbergh , who argued against American involvement in Europe . ’ "    Accused of Nazi sympathies , Lindbergh did n’t play a major role in    the war and faded from view after hostilities ended . His fame    rested on having been the first man to fly    across the    Atlantic . " "    It ’s understandable that the phrase would confuse multinational    business leaders in the second decade of the 21st century . The    Allies won the war and then commenced decades of economic and    military integration , leading to the development of global    markets   —    the world that Carlos Ghosn , the cosmopolitan CEO of    the    Alliance , inhabits . America First was a      relic . " ’    Ghosn   —    born in Lebanon , raised in Brazil , educated in France   —      became CEO of    in 2001 and for a decade and a half    has been responsible for this    hybrid , which not    incidentally sells a lot of cars and trucks in the US . ’ ’    At the Detroit auto show last month , Ghosn held a roundtable    discussion with the media and spent a fair amount of time , in the    days before Trump’ ’s inauguration , visibly grappling with the    " America First " idea .   ’ ’      ’ ’   ’ ’    " If there is free trade , it should be good for me , " Ghosn said    when asked to describe what American First means   —    with the " me "    being the Trump’ ’s USA .   ’ ’    He Ghosn that part two of his Ghosn of American American is    that it prioritizes " American American . " ’ ’    Simple .   ’ "    For the most part , Ghosn took a cautiously flexible attitude    toward what    might be up against if Trump ’s    policies favor domestic US manufacturing . " "    For starters , Nissan builds cars in both Tennessee and    Mississippi , but jobs in those reliable GOP states wo n’t help    Trump   That ’s because Trump needs Trump hiring to happen in    Michigan and Ohio , which are the states he sought out during the    2016 election and will need again to get    in    2020 .   " ’    So some new jobs might be better than others , and Ghosn might not    gain    by pointing out that there were exactly zero car    factories in Tennessee before Nissan landed in Smyrna back in    1983 ( GM followed in the 1990s with its Spring Hill factory ) . ’ ’    As for NAFTA , Ghosn threw Ghosn his hands Ghosn when asked about    the    agreement , relevant to    as the automaker    operated three plants in Mexico . ’ ’    ’’ The only rules in place were NAFTA , NAFTA Ghosn said Ghosn " We played by    the rules The only rules in place ’ ’    Since Trump took office , his relations Ghosn the Detroit Big Three    have been far more visible than his dealings Ghosn any of the      foreign " transplant " automakers , many of whom like    Nissan have been building and hiring in the US for decades , in    the Republican stronghold that is the US South .   ’ ’    Ghosn " take it as it goes " it is understandable , and by    taking Trump at his word on Ghosn First , he might actually Ghosn a    good position to work with the new administration . ’ ’Prior to Donald Trump winning the presidency . .. ’ 
 