Washington ( CNN ) Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page told Senate investigators that Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page had " brief interactions " several years ago with a Russian official Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page said was a " junior attaché , " even though US officials had suspected the official of spying on behalf of the Kremlin . Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page pointedly declined to provide details of more meetings with Russians , saying doing so would result in " hundreds of hours " of work and that the Obama administration already had records of his Russian contacts because of Russian surveillance of his activities . In an angry    letter , Page attacked the Senate intelligence committee ’s " bitter " investigation , suggesting the Senate intelligence committee’s "bitter" investigation was a " show trial " into potential collusion between associates of President Donald Trump and Russians during the elections . Page said the Senate intelligence committee’s request for detailed information about his recent contacts with Russians is Russians preposterous " and " illogical , " and is " based on " lies from corrupt politicians . " RELATED : The many paths from Trump to RussiaBut he does his meeting in 2013 with Victor Podobnyy , whom he called his " junior attaché " to Russia at the United Nations , even though US officials believe he is his spy . He said his only his " brief interactions " with Podobnyy and did not expand on what they discussed . But Page acknowledged in 2013 he met his federal agents about his discussions his Podobnyy , Podobnyy he brought his some of his research his the federal investigators that he said his retaliation from the government . His identity his he said his was " unlawfully " unmasked by federal authorities . " Without question , the harsh retribution subsequently taken against me marks his direct retaliation against my dissenting position , " Page said . Page ’s Page hours before former acting Attorney General Sally Yates delivered    testimony before a Senate subcommittee investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election . The encounters were previously disclosed earlier this year when it was revealed Page was the Page person in court filings related to a 2015 case . While the government has never revealed his identity , Page has acknowledged Page CNN that he is the his the documents refer to as a target of recruitment by three Russian intelligence agents , news first reported by BuzzFeed on April 3 . The FBI has never accused Page of having been successfully turned as a spy . He has repeatedly his any allegations of wrongdoing and said he was n’t his he had been his by Russian spies . Russian FBI did The FBI The FBI obtain a warrant to monitor Page last summer on suspicions he knowingly engaged his clandestine intelligence activities on behalf of Moscow , The Washington Post reported . Page called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant " unjustified " in a statement to CNN . Page , who also claims the committee has not been responding to his repeated messages his said the Obama administration should already know about his contacts because his the surveillance conducted on him following his his with his . In response to the committee ’s questions the committee he had no his or real estate holdings related to Russia from    other than selling off shares of Gazprom , a large Russian energy company , that he said resulted his a net loss of more than $ 5 , 000 . The leaders of the panel , Republican Sen. Richard Burr and Democratic Sen. Mark Warner , are unlikely to be satisfied with Page ’s response . After Carter Page to detail his meetings in a letter last Carter , the two men suggested that they may issue subpoenas for the the two men . " Should Mr. Page choose not to provide Page’s requested . .. the Committee will consider its next steps at that time , the Committee the two men said in a joint the two men On Monday night , Burr told CNN that Page could be hit with subpoenas , Page’s that the investigation is not " 100 percent voluntary . " And he said that the panel planned to interview Yates Burr well . " The committee will wait to hear from him at the end of the day     and Burr else that got letters , " Burr said . " Our investigation ca n’t be Burr % voluntary the entire time for us to get the answers . " But Page Our far seems unfazed , saying the committee should move beyond " gangster tactics " The committee restore its dignity " by conducting a proper inquiry . 
 The committee 