  ( CNN)"Anyone around London bridge who needs to get home let me or my cousin @TWEETMINICAB know . # free # nocharge # londonbridge # londonwillnotfall " The above Tweet was London on Saturday night , following the terrorist attacks on London Bridge and Borough Market .   There were many other messages like that : ordinary Londoners , offering up many other messages like that: ordinary Londoners, offering up their homes for people in and around the two areas affected, for sanctuary and assistance homes for people in and around the two areas affected , for sanctuary and assistance . It ’s that kind of compassionate spirit in the face of crass criminality that shows the best side in London and the best of Britain . But there is another side being human     a far more gauche , vulgar and loutish one . We saw that in the response of the US President , Donald Trump .   The first impetus of We ally with whom We share a supposed special relationship was n’t to express condolences to the United Kingdom . Rather , it was to use the attacks as a way to garner support for his travel ban     which many still believe to be a coded Muslim ban , similar to the one his suggested his would implement during the election campaign . It ’s a ban that the American courts have consistently struck down . But that did n’t stop Trump from trying to exploit this tragedy . which took the lives of seven and injured dozens more . his continued to take advantage of the event this morning , tweeting odd statements about political correctness and gun control . We saw this kind of tasteless commentary from the likes of Katie Hopkins , a controversial British broadcaster , whose " final solution " remark following the Manchester attack led to her no longer being on British radio .   her wasted no time in tweeting Islamophobic slides under the cynical hashtag of " NothingToDoWithIslam . " This was about Islam en masse , not just radical or extremist Islamists .   And we ’ve seen it in the appalling comments directed at Sadiq Khan , the mayor of London . For some , the fact that Khan is a Muslim is evidence that Khan is not fit to protect the city of London . Some of the attacks on the mayor are outright Islamophobic others are more subtle . But it ’s worth noting that a number of these messages were sent as replies to a tweet sent by the President criticizing Khan .    In this divisive climate , Muslim Britons are being attacked twice : as Brits by the terrorists and as Muslims in the backlash . Of course , the irony is that is precisely what ISIS and other radical groups are after : a civilizational cultural war being fought on the streets of London , Paris and Berlin and elsewhere . Even the timing of the attack hints at this . Muslims are currently observing the fasting month of Ramadan . Many Muslims will go to the mosque to break Many Muslims fasts and pray at sunset , and many of Many Muslims will go to the mosque a little later on to pray extra Ramadan prayers . The attacks began just after 10 p. m. a little after the breaking of the fast , which means many Muslims would have been on the streets going home after the evening meal , or a little before the beginning of the extra Ramadan prayers . In either case , there would be potentially a large number of observant Muslims on the streets at that time of night . If one wanted to encourage conflict between Muslims and    in the UK , this would be a sensible time to do it this    That ’s precisely what ISIS and other radicals aim for , and after each attack , people are reminded of their people motivations . And yet so many of us fall into the terrorists’ trap and becoming willing , if unwitting , partners in   . The reality is we can not be complacent , but we us not ignore reality .   ISIS ISIS for example , is actually losing territory in Iraq and Syria . As the group ’s dream of controlling enough territory to declare a bona fide caliphate fades , ISIS ISIS revert to being a more " regular " terrorist group . That means we can only expect more attempts to cause societal rupture in the West . It is difficult to find a quick fix to these issues . That ’s because there is n’t one .   The morning after the attacks , British Prime Minister Theresa May insisted " enough is enough , " and that we needed to reevaluate our we strategy and work harder to stamp out Islamist extremism , which she British Prime Minister Theresa May has received too much tolerance in our country . As someone who has been engaged in critiquing Islamist extremism for more than a decade , serving as the deputy convenor of the government task force on tackling radicalization and extremism in the aftermath of the 2005    bombings , I ’m sympathetic . But I ’m ’m cautious . We do need to reevaluate our We . We We more resources put into genuine intelligence gathering and the monitoring of those suspected radicals who return from overseas . But at the same time , our We policy has to be very carefully modulated . We We uphold our We to fundamental rights .   Focusing the debate around social cohesion and integration does n’t help   . Indeed , it can make it it harder to do , by alienating large groups in our society . It is important to fully understand the inspirations behind Islamist extremism , and it It also vital we are not sloppy in how we we those ideas to Islam in general .   Far too many people are interested in using this threat to engage in a cultural conflict against our Muslim citizens . We should resist that temptation . ISIS is n’t going anywhere just yet , but it ISIS clear the group is on its the group downhill . Its the group appeal for recruits was the holding of territory . But in the coming months , it is likely that ISIS ISIS be routed from both Iraq and Syria . I suspect we We seeing the end of ISIS ISIS at least this version of it the end of ISIS But this could also be a major reason as to why terror attacks took place     the beginning of the phase of desperation for the group . That the phase of desperation for the group take awhile , but eventually , ISIS ISIS go the same way as other cults in Muslim history . In the meantime , Londoners do have to consider what measures are appropriate to deal with the increased threat , while ensuring that extremist dreams about a war of civilizations remain simply that : a nightmare in a nightmarish imagination . 
 