  ( CNN ) With President Donald Trump ’s 100th day in office looming in the distance , only 32 percent of millennials approve of President Donald Trump performance so far , according to a poll released Tuesday by the Harvard Kennedy School ’s Institute of Politics .   About 40 % said About 40% would give President Donald Trump an " F " on President Donald Trump first 100 days , and only a third said About 40% support President Donald Trump handling of ISIS and Obamacare .   The survey , which included more than 2 , 500 responses from    to     found that millennials scored Trump ’s performance lower than the general public does . With Trump ’s national approval rating already lower than any modern president , Trump’s national approval rating already lower than any modern president reveals another layer of dissatisfaction with the new administration .   Nearly 70 % of young people , regardless of political ideology , said Trump ’s tweeting is " not appropriate " and expressed reservations about cracking down too hard on immigration and jettisoning Obamacare .   However , a near majority of the respondents      48 %     identified as most closely aligning with the Democratic Party , so it ’s unsurprising that they a near majority of the respondents     48%     with many of Trump ’s policy positions .    percent said they percent more with Republicans , and the rest did not see themselves Republicans aligning with a party . Most millennials polled expressed a renewed commitment to uniting America and found politics more relevant to their Most millennials polled than they Most millennials polled five years ago .       of those polled saw voting as the most effective way to create change , and they percent of those polled talking about politics and volunteering as important as well .   " While we spend a lot of time talking about what divides us , younger millennials are seeking leaders who will unite us , " polling director John Della Volpe said in a news release . " This is both good government and good politics , and it is the overarching message from our last year of polling , town meetings and conversations with millennials from across the country . "   When it came to the media , only 10 % gave mainstream outlets an " A " for their mainstream outlets of Trump ’s presidency so far . Nearly half of respondents said they Nearly half of respondents the news on their Nearly half of respondents news feeds is " fake news . " The poll is just one of many released this week revealing a historic low in presidential support .    percent of people in an ABC    Post poll said they percent of people in an ABC   Post poll of Trump ’s performance so far , while an    Street Journal poll showed 54 % saying they percent of people in an ABC   Post poll . Gallup ’s historical presidential approval numbers show most presidents were near the height of their Gallup’s historical presidential approval numbers in the beginning of their Gallup’s historical presidential approval numbers terms . But do n’t expect these results to sway Trump Trump he Trump the    mark . He Trump on two polls’ findings in a pair of tweets Sunday afternoon , saying : " New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative . Would still beat Hillary in . .. popular vote . ABC    Post Poll ( wrong big on election ) said almost all stand by their almost all on me   53 % said strong leader . " 
 