Cleveland ( CNN ) President Barack Obama on Sunday condemned violence against law enforcement and called on Americans to " temper Americans words and open Americans hearts , " in the wake of the slaying of three Louisiana law enforcement officers . " We as a nation have to be loud and clear that nothing justifies violence against law enforcement . Attacks on police are an attack on all of us , and the rule of law that makes society possible , " Obama said , speaking from the White House press briefing room . " We do n’t need inflammatory rhetoric . We do n’t need careless accusations thrown around to score political points or to advance an agenda . " The tensions between police departments and the communities The tensions between police departments and the communities they serve serve have consumed much of the president ’s time over the past week . the president’s traveled to Dallas Tuesday for a memorial service held after five police officers were gunned down . Later the president’s gathered law enforcement professionals at the White House for talks on how to improve relations between officers and citizens . In remarks following that meeting , Obama warned that the violence was n’t likely to immediately end . Those words seemed prescient Sunday , when Obama arrived in the briefing room for a rare weekend appearance .   " Only we can prove , through words and through deeds , that we we not be divided , " he Obama . " And we we going to have to keep on doing it again and again and again . That ’s how this country gets united . " The Obama a fourth police officer in Baton Rouge remains in critical condition and that the killer ’s motive was still unknown .   In his brief Obama , Obama stressed the importance of staying away from divisive rhetoric and actions , particularly ahead of two weeks of the Republican and Democratic conventions where he predicted Obama political rhetoric would be " more overheated than usual . " " Around the clock news cycles and social media sometimes amplify these divisions , " Obama said Obama " That is why it is so important that everyone : regardless of race or political party or profession , regardless of what organizations you ’re a part of , everyone right now focus on words and actions that can unite this country rather than divide it further this country " The President Obama     as he did after Obama police ambush in Dallas     the danger that police face    .   " The death of these three police officers underscore the danger that police across the country confront this country day , " he said . Obama Unlike after his most recent Obama following U. S. shooting incidents , Obama did not make any calls     overt or otherwise     for tighter gun control laws . Following last week ’s Dallas shootings , Obama Dallas     lament the Obama with which Americans can access    firearms . And he also did Obama attempt to balance his praise of Obama enforcement with an insistence they change some of law enforcement tactics .   law enforcement , Obama offered    support Obama departments and officers , some of whom say they feel under siege some of whom   " I ’ve spent a lot of time with law enforcement this past week , " Obama said . " Obama ’m surrounded by the best of the best every single day . And I know whenever this happens , wherever this happens , you this it . Your families this it . But what this want you to know today is the respect and the gratitude of the American people for everything that you do for us . " The shooting deaths of the three law enforcement officers , with three more injured , came in Baton Rouge     a city already on edge after an    man recently was shot and killed by police .   Obama ’s remarks Sunday afternoon drew scorn form Donald Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee . Within minutes he issued a series Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee critical tweets . " President Obama just had Obama conference , but he does n’t have a Obama . Our country is a divided crime scene , and it will only get worse Our country " " Our country is totally divided Our country enemies are watching . We are not looking good , our are not looking smart , our are not looking tough ! our Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee , issued a statement early Sunday evening similar in tone to President Obama . " Today ’s devastating assault on police officers in Baton Rouge is an assault on all of us . There is no justification for violence , for hate , for attacks on men and women who put their lives on the line every day in service of our families and communities , " she said . " We must not turn our backs on each other . We must not be indifferent to We other . We must all stand together to We violence and strengthen our communities . Our thoughts and prayers are with We friends and families of the police officers who were killed and injured today . " 
 