’   ’ ’    The fight over the future of the Affordable Care Act , better    known as Obamacare , kicked off in earnest Wednesday with    both Democratic and Republican leaders laying out their cases for    saving and dismantling the healthcare law , respectively . ’ "    The day after Senate Republicans introduced a   through the    budget reconciliation process , lawmakers met privately with lawmakers party ’s leaders , who pushed their lawmakers for the future of    healthcare in America . " ’    Vice    Mike Pence and Obama met with congressional    leaders of their Vice   Mike Pence and Obama on Wednesday to map out the road ahead .    Each side ended the day with a more       pitch . ’ ’    Much like Republicans ’’    promise to " repeal and    replace " the ACA , the GOP’ ’s new path forward is marked by two    distinct messages . ’ ’    On one hand , Republicans emphasized that the Obamacare markets    are collapsing on their the Obamacare markets    and must therefore be overhauled . On       , GOP leaders stressed the need for a " smooth "    transition to a new plan that may not come as quickly as many of    their GOP leaders likely expect . ’ ’    Republicans leaders have been attacking the healthcare law for    years , with leaders such as   House Speaker   and   all saying    repeal of the the healthcare law be an immediate priority for the new    Congress . ’ ’    That    attitude seems to have cooled in recent days ,    as    leaders have cited the need to ensure that the    over 20 million people that have gained healthcare through the    ACA retain their coverage the   over 20 million people that have gained healthcare through the   ACA ’ ’    Ryan cited the need for a " stable " transition to a replacement    during a press conference Wednesday , while Pence stressed " an    orderly and smooth transition to a    healthcare reform    system . " ’ ’    Other Republicans lawmakers , including Sens . Rand Paul and    John McCain , also emphasized the need to be cautious on repeal    without a replacement plan in place . ’ ’ ’ ’    Rand Paul and   John McCain by Trump , who   cautioned    Republicans to " be careful " to make sure Democrats " own the    failed Obamacare disaster " instead of having any future problems    pegged on the GOP . ’ ’    Pence cited the increases in   and   as reasons the law needed to be    replaced . Republicans as a whole argued that even if there are    disruptions or kinks , Obamacare was failing anyway , so change    will be necessary . ’ ’    " We’’re talking about people’ ’s lives . We’’re talking about    We’’re , " Pence said . ’ ’   ’ ’    For their part , Democrats made an attempt to lay problems arising    from any tweaking of Obamacare at the feet of Republicans . They    came with Democrats slogan blaring that repeal would " Make    America Sick Again "   —    a play on Trump’ ’s " Make America Great    Again " campaign moniker . ’ ’    Additionally , Democrats looked to peg any lapses in care or other    disruptions in the healthcare market on the GOP . ’ ’    In a press conference Wednesday , new Senate Minority    Leader Chuck Schumer cited   that a Republican    plan to repeal the law and delay its replacement would cause the law instability in the individual health insurance market and large    price hikes . Schumer said such a new Senate Minority   Leader Chuck Schumer would cause " chaos " in    insurance markets . ’ ’    Obama , devoting one of his last days in new Senate Minority   Leader Chuck Schumer to the future of    his signature legislative achievement new Senate Minority   Leader Chuck Schumer told Democratic leaders to    start to call any changes " Trumpcare " and not to " rescue "    Republicans by compromising on replacement plans , . ’ ’    Democrats also touted the successes of the law   —    including     in the history of the country ,    the provision that prevents insurers from denying coverage based    on a preexisting condition , and the elimination of lifetime    limits on coverage . These aspects of the law have    been   ’ ’    " They want to repeal These aspects of the law and then try These aspects of the law hang it on us . These aspects of the law going    to happen . It’ ’s their responsibility , plain These aspects of the law simple , "    Schumer said Wednesday . ’ ’    The dueling message campaigns come at a time when the American    public remains split over its provisions and its    future .    The   in    that 49 % of    Americans want to expand or keep the ACA as it is now , while 43 %    of those surveyed preferred to repeal the law entirely or    roll back what it does . ’ the law 