’   ’ "    President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to reignite    Democratic Party enthusiasm by reminding voters of Obama ’s    successful 2008 and 2012 elections . " ’    While appearing together Tuesday at ’  ’ "   President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton first official joint    appearance since Obama endorsed Obama last month , the president    waxed nostalgia on his campaigns for president before noting his    support for Clinton . ’ ’    " I know I’’ve gone on too long . This is what happens   —    you haven’’t    campaigned in a while , you start enjoying it too much , " Obama    said . ’ ’    Obama    added several minutes later : " I’’ve run my last campaign , and I    couldn’’t be prouder of the things we’’ve done together . But I’’m    ready to pass the baton . And I know that Clinton is ready    to run this race . " ’ ’    Throughout both their speeches , Clinton their to    use their disagreements following their 2008 Democratic primary as    an example of how Democrats can come together following a tough    primary between    Clinton Sen. Bernie Sanders , who has refused    to officially    his campaign .    ’’ "    Borrowing Obama ’s campaign slogan , Clinton Clinton the audience    that while she Clinton to Obama in 2008 Obama she Clinton came to support    him . "       " He knows a    thing about winning elections . Take it from    a little thing about winning elections ,    Clinton Clinton introducing Obama . ’ Obama    She Clinton : " When it was over , I was proud to endorse him and       for him . "    ’    Calling Clinton Clinton " most qualified person " to ever seek the    presidency , Obama joked that Obama Clinton him in the       primary debates . ’ ’    " She Clinton me the first half , and then I could just barely play    her Clinton a draw , " Obama said . Obama She Clinton every fact , and she Clinton    every detail    " ’ ’    Obama attempted to play down the divisions between Democratic    primary supporters of Clinton and Sanders , arguing that the    differences with Republicans were far greater . ’ ’    " Primaries are always tough because you’’re arguing with your    friends instead of the folks you disagree with , " Obama said . ’ ’    Both Clinton and Obama Clinton swipes Obama presumptive Republican    presidential nominee Donald Trump . Clinton asked audience Clinton    to " imagine him sitting in Clinton Oval Office " during a crisis ,    while Obama said that Obama ’s background as a    star    didn’’t make him qualified to Clinton president . ’ ’    " This isn’’t a reality show . This is reality . And being president    of the United States means you have to deal with reality . When a    crisis hits , you can’’t just walk off the set . You can’’t fire the can’’t scriptwriter . You can’’t be reckless can’’t You don’’t have the luxury of    just saying what’ ’s in your head . You’’ve got ta actually do your    homework , " Obama said . ’ ’    The appearance in Charlotte , North Carolina , was far from    accidental .    Tar Heel State is a key battleground that helped    propel Obama to victory Obama 2008 but went for former Republican    presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012 . ’ ’    Reprising a favorite campaign line from 2012 , Obama quickly    Obama from a rhetorical jab at Trump to a call to action . ’ ’    " I was waiting for this opportunity . Don’’t boo . Vote , " Obama    said Obama 
 