Philadelphia ( CNN ) Congress may pay for the border wall through a special spending bill being hashed out over the next two months , footing the cost of President Donald Trump ’s priority before seeking any refund from Mexico , Republican lawmakers said Wednesday .   " Republican lawmakers ’re going to pay for it and front the money up , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said on MSNBC Wednesday evening . " Point is , House Speaker Paul Ryan has a promise House Speaker Paul Ryan made to the American people , which is to secure our border , " House Speaker Paul Ryan added of Trump . " A wall is a big part of that . We agree with that goal and We will be working with House Speaker Paul Ryan to finance construction of the physical barrier , including A wall , on the southern border . " Earlier , House Speaker Paul Ryan told lawmakers gathered in Philadelphia for a private retreat this week that they lawmakers pay for the A wall a supplemental appropriations bill     a spending measure that would be dedicated just to the wall A wall to Republicans in the room and a GOP lawmaker . " ( House Speaker Paul Ryan ) talked about the supplemental budget coming this spring to push that along . The President said he ’s going The President get reimbursed one way or the other and we accept that . Meanwhile , we do have we pay our bills , we Rep. Chris Collins , a New York Republican and Trump ally , said Wednesday . House Speaker Paul Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong said Wednesday they are Wednesday that Trump may request Trump special spending measure , but that they have not they that request from the White House yet . " There ’s an acknowledgment that the administration could send a supplemental but there ’s no set date . In the meantime , we ’ll continue to more forward with the appropriations process date unchanged and consider the request when that request from the White House it , we Strong that request from the White House . Collins said that Ryan did not discuss a price tag for the wall , and that he considered the discussions Collins still be early . Trump quickly shifted the focus to the wall Wednesday after the wall an executive order Trump that he would rely on a Trump law to build his signature wall along the Trump border . That announcement came to dominate much of the debate among Republican lawmakers gathered in Philadelphia . Congressional Republicans escaped Washington Wednesday to try to focus Wednesday top issues     including replacing Obamacare . But Trump swiftly ripped the focus away with his executive action on a Trump wall and reports that he may reopen the use Trump sites outlawed by Congress . Sen. John Thune , the Senate ’s No . 3 Republican who is    this week ’s retreat , responded to reports that Trump may seek to    Trump " blacksites " by noting that the issue was " settled Thune likely have trouble Trump the ban on the use of torture . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said later Wednesday pushed back on the reports , saying that reports that Trump may seek to   CIA "blacksites" did not come from the White House .   Thune brushed aside Trump ’s claims of voter Trump and a call for an investigation     indicating to the new President it is time to get back on track . " I view the election as history , and we ’re ready to roll up our sleeves and go to work , " Thune said .   we Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , the House Thune No . 4 Republican , said : " I think the White House ’s very important that people have confidence in the elections and the outcome of those elections . " And then the questions turned to how Congress the elections for Trump ’s proposed border wall     which was rolled out by the White House just hours earlier .   McMorris Rodgers deflected questions by saying she had n’t seen Trump ’s proposal yet . Thune then said that McMorris Rodgers proposal would have Trump’s accounted for by Congress McMorris Rodgers and not add to the debt .   " On the wall , I supported the wall and , yes , it should be paid for , " Thune the wall   Asked about whether they the wall concerned about the White House McMorris Rodgers coordinating with congressional Republicans on their message and roll outs the White House up the bumpy start to a new administration in they transition " and noted McMorris Rodgers even the House and Senate Republicans often find themselves on opposite pages . " It ’s a work in progress , " Thune said with even the House and Senate Republicans laugh , as he looked over at McMorris Rodgers . 
 McMorris Rodgers McMorris Rodgers 