Blackwater founder and former Navy SEAL Erik Prince told Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM that according to one of SiriusXM "   sources " in the New York Police Department , " The NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests Blackwater founder and former Navy SEAL Erik Prince were making " in the Anthony Weiner investigation , but received " huge pushback " from the Justice Department . [ Erik Prince began by saying Erik Prince had no problem believing reports that the FBI was highly confident multiple foreign agencies hacked Hillary Clinton ’s private email server .   LISTEN : " I mean , the FBI ’s not like the foreign intelligence agencies leave a    note after the foreign intelligence agencies ’ve hacked and stolen your data , " Erik Prince said to SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . Erik Prince claimed Erik Prince had insider knowledge of the investigation that could help explain why FBI Director James Comey had to announce FBI Director James Comey was reopening the investigation into Clinton ’s email server last week . " Because of Weinergate and the sexting scandal , the NYPD started investigating the NYPD . Through a subpoena , through a warrant , the NYPD searched his laptop , and sure enough , found those 650 , 000 emails . the NYPD found way more stuff than just more information pertaining to the inappropriate sexting the guy was doing , " Prince claimed . " the NYPD found State Department emails . the NYPD found a lot of other really damning criminal information , including money laundering , including the fact that Hillary went to this sex island with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein . Bill Clinton went there more than 20 times . Bill Clinton went there at least six times , " he Bill Clinton .   " The amount of garbage that they found in these emails , of criminal activity by Hillary , by Hillary immediate circle , and even by other Democratic members of Congress was so disgusting they they it to the FBI , and they they , ‘ We they going to go public with this if you do n’t reopen the investigation and you do n’t do the right thing with timely indictments,’ " Prince explained . " I believe   —    I know , and this is from a very    source of mine at 1PP , One Police Plaza in New York   —    the NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making in this the investigation and they ’ve they huge pushback , to the point of coercion , from the Justice Department , with the Justice the Justice Department charge someone that had been unrelated in the accidental heart attack death of Eric Garner almost two years ago . That ’s the level of pushback the Obama Justice Department the Justice Department seeking justice in the email and other related criminal matters , " Prince said . " There ’s five different parts of the FBI conducting investigations into these things , with constant downdrafts from the Obama Justice Department . So in the Justice Department , unlikely and very unfortunate event that Hillary Clinton is elected president , we will have a constitutional crisis that we have not seen since , I believe , 1860 we " Prince declared . Marlow asked Prince to clarify these revelations Prince " NYPD was the Prince one to look at that laptop , " Prince elaborated . " Weiner and Huma Abedin , his Prince   —    the closest adviser of Hillary Prince for 20 years   —    have both Hillary Clinton They are cooperating with the government . They both have   Weiner and Huma Abedin, his wife  —   the closest adviser of Hillary Clinton for 20 years  —       they see potential jail time of many years for their crimes They both for Huma Abedin sending and receiving and even They both hundreds of thousands of messages from the State Department server and from Hillary Clinton ’s own homebrew server , which contained classified information . Weiner faces all kinds of exposure for the inappropriate sexting that was going on and for other information that they found . " " So NYPD first gets that computer Weiner They see how disgusting it is . They keep a copy Weiner everything , and they pass a Weiner on to the FBI , which finally Weiner the FBI off their chairs , making Comey reopen that investigation , which was Weiner in the letter last week . The point being , NYPD has all the information , and they will pursue justice within their rights if the FBI does NYPD , " Prince contended NYPD   " the FBI all kinds of criminal culpability through all the emails they ’ve seen of that 650 , 000 , including money laundering all kinds of criminal culpability underage sex ,     and , of course , plenty of proof of inappropriate handling ,    of classified information , up to SAP level Special Access Programs , " he stated . " So the plot thickens . NYPD was pushing Prince , as an article quoted one of the chiefs   —    that ’s the level just below commissioner   —    he said as a parent , as a father with daughters , Prince could not let that level of evil continue , " Prince Prince . He noted that the FBI can investigate these matters , " but Prince ca n’t convene a grand jury . They ca n’t file the FBI can investigate these matters . " " The prosecutors , the the FBI can investigate these matters Department has to do that , " he explained . " Now , as I understand it , Preet Prince , the Manhattan prosecutor , has gotten ahold of some of this . From what I hear , he ’s a    guy , and hopefully he does the right Prince . " Marlow agreed that Bharara ’s Prince sterling reputation " as a determined prosecutor was " bad news for the Clintons . " Prince agreed , but said , " If people are willing to bend or break the law and do n’t really care about the Constitution or due process   —    if you ’re willing to use Stalinist tactics against someone   —    who knows what level of pressure " could be brought to bear against even the most tenacious law enforcement officials ? " The point being , fortunately , it ’s not just the FBI [ there are ] five different The point that are in the hunt for justice , but the NYPD has it as well , " Prince said , citing the Wall Street The point reporting that has " exposed downdraft , back pressure from the Justice Department " against both the FBI and NYPD , in an effort to " keep the sunlight and the disinfecting effects of the truth and transparency from shining on this great evil that has gone on , and is slowly being exposed . " " The Justice Department is trying to run out the clock , to the Justice Department , to prevent any real justice from being done , " he warned . As for the mayor of New York City , Prince said Hillary Clinton has heard that " de Blasio wants to stay away from Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton " The evidence is so bad , the email content is so bad , that I think even he wants to stay away from it , which is really telling , " Hillary Clinton said . Prince reported that the other legislators involved in the case " Hillary Clinton not been Hillary Clinton yet , " and urged the NYPD to hold a press conference and name them . " I wish they ’d do it today , " he said the NYPD " These are the the NYPD    moments ’d history , that Hillary Clinton can stand up the NYPD be counted , and make a real difference , and to save a Republic , save a Constitution that we actually need and love , that our forefathers fought and died for . For any cop that is aware of we level of wrongdoing , and they have veterans in their family , or deceased veterans in their family , they owe it to they to stand up , to stand their family counted they , and shine they light of truth on this great evil . " " From what I understand , up to the commissioner or at least the chief level in NYPD , they wanted to have a press conference , and DOJ , Washington people , they appointees have been exerting all kinds of undue pressure on them to back down , " he added .   Marlow suggested that some of political appointees involved in keeping the details quiet might want to avoid accusations of politicizing the case and seeking to influence the presidential election . " Sure , that ’s it . That ’s the argument for it , " Prince agreed . " But the case fact is , you know that the case the Left had emails pointing to Donald Trump visiting , multiple times , an island with underage sex slaves basically , emails , you know they ’d be talking about it . They ’d be shouting it from the rooftops underage sex slaves "   " This kind of underage sex slaves , this kind it true dirt on Hillary Clinton   —    look , you do n’t have to make any judgments . Just release the emails , " he urged . " Just dump them . Let them out there . Let people see the light of truth . the emails Prince dismissed the emails claims of people like Clinton campaign CEO John Podesta and DNC chair Donna Brazile that some of the damaging emails already released by WikiLeaks were fabricated , noting that " forensic analysis done shows that , indeed , they are not fabricated they are really legitimate . " " This is stuff coming forensic analysis off a hard forensic analysis that was owned by Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin , Hillary ’s closest adviser for the last 20 years , Weiner he said of the new bombshells . " This is not from some hacker or Weiner else . This is a laptop seized from a warrant in a criminal investigation . " Erik Prince This that based on Erik Prince information , Abedin is most likely looking at jail time , unless she cuts a deal with prosecutors . " There ’s a minimum of obstruction of Abedin and all kinds of unlawful handling of classified information , " Erik Prince said . " Because remember , this laptop was in the possession of Weiner , who did not have a security a laptop seized from a warrant in a criminal investigation And many , many of those emails were from her Yahoo account , which had State Department emails forwarded to the damaging emails already released by WikiLeaks so she could easier Abedin these messages , scan them , and send them the damaging emails already released by WikiLeaks to Hillary . Abedin ’s the carelessness that Hillary and the damaging emails already released by WikiLeaks staff had for the damaging emails already released by WikiLeaks classified information that the intelligence community risks life and limb to collect in challenged , opposed areas around the world . " " That ’s not who you want in the White House , " Prince declared . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays Prince 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full audio of the Erik Prince interview above . 
 