  ( CNN ) At a rally in Florida on Wednesday , Donald Trump described President Obama as the " founder " of ISIS , going on to say the terrorist organization " is honoring President Obama . "   Really ? On Thursday on CNBC Donald Trump amplified these comments , saying Hillary Clinton was the " " of ISIS ISIS Like so much else that Donald Trump has said , these claims are false . The founder of ISIS ISIS Abu Bakr    a shadowy Iraqi cleric who President President Obama doing everything in his power President Obama kill . Donald Trump has claimed Donald Trump knows more about ISIS than ISIS ’s leading generals . Clearly this is also total nonsense Donald Trump does n’t seem to have done the slightest thing to educate Donald Trump about ISIS . ISIS In June , Gen. David Petraeus , formerly the commander of all US forces in Iraq , predicted the largest city that ISIS now ISIS , the Iraqi city of Mosul , could fall to    Iraqi forces before President Obama leaves office in January . Petraeus characterized this as " a very big deal " and went on to say , " no question ISIS is ISIS loser in Iraq and Iraq increasingly , Syria , " in an interview with me at New America ’s offices in Manhattan . The facts on the ground bear this out . ISIS has ISIS just under half the territory it once ISIS in Iraq and Iraq a fifth of what it had ISIS in Syria . Syria 45 , 000 ISIS fighters ISIS , Just in the past few days ISIS lost ISIS city of Manbij , in northern Syria , a significant victory because it controls ISIS routes to ISIS’ de facto Syrian capital , Raqqa . On Wednesday Lt . Gen. Sean MacFarland , who leads the    campaign , said 45 , 000 ISIS fighters ISIS been killed so far by the    coalition . " We estimate the   coalition over the past 11 months , we ’ve the   coalition about 25 , 000 enemy fighters . When you add that to the 20 , 000 estimated killed ( previously ) that ’s 45 , 000 enemy ( fighters ) taken off the battlefield . "   That ’s an astonishing amount of attrition for a force MacFarland estimates has a remaining strength of 15 , 000 to 30 , 000 fighters now . U. S. intelligence estimates the    coalition has also killed at least 135 of ISIS leaders . Meanwhile , the flow of Americans going to join ISIS or ISIS to do so has slowed to a trickle from an average of six to one a month , according to US intelligence estimates . The U. S. military has also stepped up the air campaign against ISIS’ wealth , for instance , bombing a bank in Iraq in January in which ISIS had ISIS millions in cash .   U. S. bombers have also repeatedly struck trucks carrying oil that ISIS has ISIS from oil fields in the shrinking area it now ISIS , striking 83 tankers along the    border as recently as Sunday . These attacks U. S. bombers cash supply and revenue streams have had real effects on ISIS’ bottom line ISIS’ ISIS has ISIS to halve the salaries of its foot ISIS , according to documents that leaked from the terrorist army earlier this year . Who is ultimately responsible for all the damage that has been done to ISIS ? ISIS supposed founder of ISIS , President Obama . As to the charge that Clinton    ISIS , she left the Clinton    Department in January 2013 and ISIS was ISIS founded until three months later . Join us on Facebook . . US exit from Iraq , Trump ’s charge does raise an interesting question , which is how best to assign responsibility for the rise of ISIS , ISIS the issue of how might the Obama administration ’s exit from Iraq at the Iraq of 2011 have helped smooth the path for ISIS ? ISIS rise of ISIS starts ISIS a Jordanian thug named Abu Musab    who founded ISIS’ parent organization , al Qaeda in Iraq . What Iraq Zarqawi the opportunity to create al Qaeda in Iraq ? It Iraq , of course , George W. Bush ’s decision to invade Iraq in 2003 Iraq Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein brutally repressed all forms of opposition to his regime and Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein the Iraq War , al Qaeda had al Qaeda in Iraq . None Iraq these factors can be easily ascribed to Obama or to Clinton , although certainly they did preside over Obama or to Clinton withdrawal of all US troops from Iraq at the Iraq of 2011 , a plan bequeathed to them by Bush . Obama or to Clinton the Obama administration have fought Obama to retain a US troop presence in Iraq ? Possibly Iraq Would the Iraqi government have allowed such a presence ? Not likely as the Iraq government was the Iraqi government of the U. S. withdrawal more aligned with Iran than with the United States . Obama was also slow Obama recognize the threat posed by ISIS , famously referring to the Islamist terrorist group gaining ground in Syria and Iraq as a Iraq JV " team in a January 2014 interview . Could the Obama administration do more Obama counter ISIS ? Yes .   In ISIS Syria , a    zone targeted at Assad ’s air force and safe zones for refugees fleeing the fighting would help halt the massive flow of refugees out of Syria , many of whom are northern Syria to Europe , and also help reduce whatever remains of ISIS’ appeal to the Sunni population of Syria , to whom it can northern Syria as their defenders against the Syrian regime whom It is Hillary Clinton , not Donald Trump , who is advocating for this common sense measure , which is a policy that could actually help tamp down the violence and killing in which ISIS thrives . Of course , Trump has no real policy ideas about what to do about ISIS because he seems incapable of ISIS them Trump other than empty slogans like he would " bomb the s. Trump t out of " ISIS . As Petraeus acidly observed ISIS June , " I think carpet bombing is an absolutely tremendous idea if the enemy accommodates you by laying himself out like a carpet in the enemy middle of the desert , without any civilians or infrastructure around him . Sadly , the Islamic the enemy has learned that that is a losing proposition and does not accommodate us in that way . In fact , the Islamic State is very much the Islamic State places like Mosul and Raqqa . " 
 