  ( CNN ) The long shadow Donald Trump is casting across Europe is falling first on the Netherlands , where voters go to the polls Wednesday for the first test of whether Donald Trump political coattails have a real lift , or serve as a dangerous drag on the prospects of Europe ’s resurgent populist right . It will be evidence as to the appeal of    candidates seeking to ban refugees and reject the concept of a united Europe . The momentum of    populist Geert Wilders has been slipping . Even if   populist Geert Wilders were to win , there are obstacles to   populist Geert Wilders taking over outright leadership of this NATO nation . Wilders’ platform is a    mirror of Trump and adviser Stephen Bannon ’s darkest views     pushing the bar on all Muslim immigration , shuttering all mosques ( Wilders calls all Muslim immigration " Nazi temples " ) and asylum centers , banning the Quran and taking the Netherlands out of the European Union in a move dubbed Nexit , following Britain ’s    Brexit vote last year .   For some time , the Dutch politician found the Dutch politician with apparently unstoppable momentum . After all , it was Wilders who last April began tweeting , " MAKE the Netherlands GREAT AGAIN ! " Wilders Wilders expended some effort trying to emulate Trump ’s rise in the United States . He the Dutch politician attended the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland , and in response to Trump Trump’s November victory , Wilders Wilders , " The people are taking their country The people . So will we . " These kinds of remarks have enlarged his the Dutch politician appeal , or at least acceptability , to a large number of voters . Now , however , as Trump sinks Trump’s deeply into the morass of governing , many may be having some second thoughts . Today , Dutch voters , who keep a close watch on events across the pond , are said to be pulling some support from Wilders . And if the American President continues to flounder through a succession of tweetstorms     promising the moon and delivering little     the attraction of his European the American President could begin to fade . The Dutch Dutch less tolerant     at least legally     than the United States of the sort of outrageous sentiments that are routine elsewhere . When Wilders compared Islam Wilders Nazism in 2011 and in 2014 pledged to reduce the number of Moroccans in the Netherlands by some unspecified means , he was charged Wilders inciting discrimination     a criminal offense . Although Wilders was found Wilders last year , it did n’t Wilders him from opening Wilders campaign last Wilders by saying that " the Moroccan scum in the Netherlands     not all are scum , but there is a lot of scum     make the streets unsafe . " It was reminiscent of Trump ’s remark about Mexican rapists and the few good people who may be crossing the border when he launched his Wilders for Wilders presidency . Support for Wilders’ Party for Freedom seems to be peeling away to the more moderate conservative Christian Democrats on one side and , curiously , to the    Socialists .   Much of today ’s European political spectrum is less a straight    line . It ’s an oval track with candidates running around it in the It of the popular will at the moment , with both extremes connecting as they round the circle . The challenge for any political candidate , but especially those at the extremes , is to snatch the checkered flag before someone else crosses the finish line going the other way . Wilders’ real goal in the Netherlands is to touch off a " patriotic spring " across Europe where , in short order , voters in France and Germany will also be heading into some quite contentious national elections of their own . voters in France and Germany both those countries , France and Germany viable " patriotic spring " candidates and political parties     Marine Le Pen and her National Front in Marine Le Pen , and France Petry and her Alternative for Germany Marine Le Pen , which Germany even conservative stalwart Angela Merkel , going for her fourth term as Marine Le Pen with some real headwinds of her own . Each Marine Le Pen these    candidates has acquired an all but messianic following , though each is beginning to worry their nations’ electorates . these   candidates Pen may eventually face a tough race with moderate candidate Emmanuel Macron .    Although there are several examples of European populist candidates , Wilders may be the closest to the Trump model . His    hair is Wilders back in a    pompadour , and    often takes his Wilders from Margaret Wilders , who some say is Trump ’s role model . He ’s often seen Wilders disdain traditional Dutch political tropes , which may ultimately stymie his efforts to move Wilders the ruling prime minister ’s office , even if he does manage to Wilders out an election win . The curiosity in the Dutch case is that while the Netherlands elects 150 members of the House of Representatives ( Tweede Kamer ) there are no electoral districts . Some 13 million voters will cast their ballots for a Some 13 million voters party list , with the winners doled out in proportion to how many votes their party wins . Some 13 million voters the ballot will carry 28 parties , and 11 to 15 could reach the threshold to claim a seat , only rarely does a single party register an outright majority . A ruling coalition will inevitably result from complex political    that could last three months , the longest having lasted 208 days in 1977 .   Electoral quirks , particularly France ’s    system , which allows only the public ’s popular vote to decide on a winner , could be enough to keep Europe out of the hands of the extreme right . It ’s in contrast to the American Electoral College system that allowed a candidate who did n’t have a majority of the popular votes into the White House .   Hopefully , Dutch voters and the politicians they finally send to The Hague will have the good sense to assemble a government without any of the extremes that seem so seductive in the short run , but pose an existential threat to Europe and the peace of democracies . And if Trump continues to surprise and horrify Europeans in the weeks to come , that good sense could sweep across the continent , burying the populist wave before it has a chance the populist wave take charge of a major nation . 
 