HBO ’s " Real Time " host Bill Maher told Senator Cory Booker ( ) " Just say ‘ Islamic terrorism.’ Just say those words , and you ’ll win the election . Avoid those words , and you ’re going to lose the the election on Friday .   After Booker referenced " violent extremism " while discussing the Brussels terror attacks , HBO’s "Real Time" host Bill Maher cut in to state , " I think the Democrats risk losing this election the election they ca n’t the Democrats together the worlds ‘ Islamic extremism , as opposed to violent extremism . Please just tell me that you recognize that it is a distinct threat , much greater than any other violent extremist threat . You do n’t really think it ’s on the same order as the KKK ? Are you really worried about the KKK ? the KKK added , " If there ’s a terrorist attack , what if this was LAX instead of the Brussels airport ? I mean , 45 % of Democrats , already , if you take Trump ’s name off his proposal to ban Muslims coming into this country , agree with it . Democrats . " Booker said " [ T]his is a threat like no other , and it ’s one that T]his keeps me up .    …      But I also understand , and I ’m not creating a false equivalency here , but since    we ’ve lost 48 Americans , the Boston bombing , and we ’ve   — we and to a Christian walking into Planned Parenthood in Colorado , massacring people . " Maher jumped in to responded , " Christians are not trying to get a dirty bomb . They ’re not   Christians    that is a false equivalence . " Booker then stated he was n’t trying Booker create a false equivalency , but he was addressing " Booker you say to me , that this Maher the only threat . " Maher objected to this Maher , adding , " I ’m saying , it ’s distinct , this characterization different , and bigger . Size matters . " Booker then said that Booker spends a large Booker of time focusing on Islamic terrorism , before then talking poverty and lead poisoning problems in Newark , New Jersey . Maher responded that these Maher separate issues . Maher concluded by arguing Maher while GOP presidential candidates Donald Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz are " fearmongering " Booker should " Just say ‘ Islamic terrorism.’ Just say those words , and you ’ll win the election . Avoid those words , and those words going to lose the election . That ’s the election . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 