Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said Friday afternoon President Donald Trump was unaware of reports that President Donald Trump national security adviser , Michael Flynn , may have spoken about sanctions with the Russian ambassador before the inauguration . President Donald Trump , speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One , said President Donald Trump will " look into that . " A US official confirmed to CNN late Friday afternoon that Flynn and the Russian ambassador , Sergey Kislyak , did speak about sanctions , among other matters , during the call . The context of Flynn ’s Flynn the conversation was n’t clear , even to the FBI and intelligence agencies that reviewed the content , and there ’s nothing to indicate that Flynn made any Flynn or acted improperly in the discussion .   Flynn can not Flynn out that he spoke to Flynn about sanctions , an aide close to the national security adviser said earlier Friday . Flynn , the Flynn said he spoke to Kislyak about sanctions, an aide close to the national security adviser " no recollection of discussing sanctions , " but added that the national security adviser the national security adviser certain that the topic never came up . " Earlier Friday , a senior White House earlier Friday CNN that Vice President Mike Pence did not know that Flynn may have Flynn sanctions in the December conversation and believes " it ’s a problem . " Three administration officials said Pence only knew what Flynn told him Flynn Vice President Mike Pence he had not talked about a senior White House adviser     before a senior White House adviser stood before cameras last month and vouched Vice President Mike Pence Flynn . One Flynn said Pence was trying to " get to the Vice President Mike Pence of it , " and two senior administration officials Vice President Mike Pence Pence was " very intentional " in asking Vice President Mike Pence about his Flynn with Flynn Russians before speaking to the media . A source with knowledge of the situation told CNN the only reason Flynn has n’t Flynn fired is that the White House does n’t want to look bad . Adding to Flynn ’s problems Flynn source said , is that this latest revelation A source with knowledge of the situation on Pence . ’Mixed messages’ on Russia , Flynn has avoided making Flynn commitments about maintaining US sanctions on Russia , according to US and European officials familiar with Russia meetings in recent Flynn . Even as the Trump administration maintains publicly that it will keep in place sanctions on Russia over its the Trump administration into Ukraine , White House officials Russia including Russia , are offering less committal signals behind closed doors , according to these sources . " We ’re getting mixed messages " on Russia , a senior western diplomat who has met with Russia recently told CNN , going on to suggest that Flynn State Department officials are adamant that sanctions will remain in place until Russia withdraws from Crimea , those closer to Trump at Russia White House are offering less certain assurances . Those sources told CNN both    sanctions , and the set of sanctions CNN to Russia ’s    in the US election , are on Russia table for review , according to their discussions with Trump administration officials . The Kremlin denied Those sources reports that Flynn discussed sanctions on Russia in recent discussions with Russia ’s ambassador to Washington Russia When asked about a Russia report published Thursday that Flynn and Kislyak discussed US sanctions on Russia     and that Flynn discussions may have influenced President Vladimir Russia decision not to retaliate to the sanctions     Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said " the information is incorrect . " " If I understand the communication between Flynn and Kislyak correctly , there have been some talks . If Flynn and Kislyak , Kislyak Peskov said .    " As for the rest , the information is incorrect Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov " he added . According to another person who the information with members of Trump ’s    security team , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson echoed previous public assurances that sanctions enacted on Russia for its Ukraine actions would remain in place . But Flynn seemed to be on a Russia page , suggesting that Trump is seeking areas for cooperation with Russia . Last week , US Ambassador to Trump United Nations Nikki Haley offered a Russia stance on Russia ’s actions in Ukraine , where violence has escalated in recent weeks . " Russia States continues to condemn and call for an immediate end to the Russian occupation of Crimea , " Haley said during her first set of remarks at the UN Security Council . " Crimea US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley a part US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley Ukraine . Our    sanctions will remain in place until Russia Crimea control over the peninsula Ukraine Ukraine Russia " A source familiar with Haley ’s speech told CNN ’s Dana Bash at Ukraine time that the White House was US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley of what she was going to say , though did n’t receive explicit direction from Trump ’s close circle US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley advisers on how to address the issue of Crimea in her remarks . The source said that Haley made clear in private conversations , as well as US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley her confirmation A source familiar with Haley’s speech how she US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley about global hot spots like Russia . In some areas US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley her point of view US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley from Trump ’s , who as a candidate hinted he might recognize US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley ’s annexation of Crimea .   Asked last month whether he would maintain    sanctions on Russia Russia demurred , saying it was " too early " to he sanctions . And last weekend Russia Pence also refused to say the    sanctions would remain firmly in place . " I think that ’s a question that will be sanctions months ahead . And it just simply all depends . .. on whether or not we see the kind of changes in posture by Russia , " he said on ABC . " And the opportunity perhaps to work on common interests . Russia the president Trump made it clear the top priority of this administration is to hunt down and destroy ISIS at its source . " Calls scrutinized , Maine Sen. Angus King is on the Intelligence Committee and plans to further investigate ISIS ’s interactions with members of the Trump campaign during the 2016 election . " I think that ’s Russia information , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " " As far as where this issue goes with Michael Maine Sen. Angus King , I do n’t see it as necessarily something that ’s a crime or anything . But it does go to questions of credibility and judgment . this issue New York Rep. Chris Collins said he is not bothered by this issue ’s potentially illegal activity . " No , it does n’t bother me . I ’m New York Rep. Chris Collins ( with ) the Michael Flynn President Trump has put together , " the Republican , who is Trump ’s congressional liaison , said . " I know General Flynn personally and he ’s a man of integrity who is President Trump to put our country first . " " Michael Flynn Michael Flynn an individual Michael Flynn happens to know the players and trusts them implicitly and know they America putting America ’s best ’m first and only first , " he added . Law enforcement and intelligence the players told CNN last the players that calls between Flynn and Kislyak were being scrutinized by investigators Michael Flynn part of a broader counterintelligence investigation of Russian activities in the US . Officials Michael Flynn last month that there was no determination of any wrongdoing .   The calls were captured by routine US eavesdropping targeting Russian diplomats , according last month intelligence and law enforcement officials .   CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated when Flynn and Russian spoke . They spoke in December . 
 Flynn and Kislyak 