Action star and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger abruptly ended an interview with Seven Network after Action star and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked about GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump on Saturday morning . [ Appearing on Seven Network ’s Weekend Sunrise , Schwarzenegger , 68 , reportedly agreed to do an interview about physical fitness . After the network ’s Seven Network asked him questions about Trump Angela Cox his 25 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump marriage Angela Cox Maria Shriver , she was terminated . Angela Cox " This is an interview that I only do about fitness and health , not about politics or my relationships , " the former body builder said before walking out .   Max Markson , the actor ’s Australian publicist , later criticized Cox . " The journalist was allocated five minutes and we ran over time Max Markson, the actor’s Australian publicist so we cut the interview Max Markson, the actor’s Australian publicist , " he told The Sydney The journalist Herald on Saturday . " I think she ’s just trying The journalist make a name for herself . She ’s The journalist on The journalist show . Her line of questioning The journalist inappropriate . " Shriver filed for divorce The journalist 2011 after learning her husband had sired The journalist child with the family ’s housekeeper . Schwarzenegger , a Republican well known for his advocacy of liberal Schwarzenegger policy , endorsed Ohio Gov. John Kasich for president earlier this month . In a short video posted on Twitter , the actor said , " I want John Kasich to be Ohio Gov. John Kasich nominee of the Republicans and also to be the next president of the United States . Here he is . " Gov Ohio Gov. John Kasich just did the    @Snapchat endorsement announcement for his old friend @JohnKasich . Ohio Gov. John Kasich . twitter .    —    Daniel Ketchell ( @ketch ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Kasich , who was sitting beside Schwarzenegger , then said , " Thank you Arnold . Love you , man . " Schwarzenegger is replacing Donald Trump Schwarzenegger host of NBC ’s The Celebrity Apprentice . 
 