’   ’ ’    The modern history of the " deep state " in American politics   —      real or imagined   —    starts with real leaks of classified    information and ends as a conspiracy theory on popular yet    dubious websites . ’ "    And how it got there raises serious questions about whether the    intelligence community is trying to subvert a new president or    whether the   intelligence community ’s a convenient scapegoat for an administration that ’s    had    share of early foibles . " ’    A deep state is a network of influential members of a    government ’s agencies or military who operate against a    democratically elected government . A deep state might work to undermine an    elected president ’s authority or legitimacy and has been common    in countries such as Egypt and Turkey . ’ ’    The concern in the US started shortly after Donald Trump took    office . In early February , The New York Times and The Washington    Post published a series of explosive     into the Trump campaign ’s communications with Russian officials    during the 2016 election . ’ ’    The reports , citing anonymous officials , revealed that then      adviser Michael Flynn had discussed US    sanctions on Russia with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak before    Trump took office , despite adviser Michael Flynn claims that he Trump Kislyak had    not discussed anything sensitive during their he and Kislyak had    calls . ’ ’    The next day , The Times   on what it said were " repeated contacts " that    Trump had with Russian officials during the campaign .    CNN   that night in which sources said    communication between Trump associates Trump Russian officials Russian during the campaign the campaign constant . " ’ ’    Flynn resigned a short time later . ’ ’    Attorney General Jeff Sessions later had to recuse himself from    Attorney General Jeff Sessions Department of Justice investigations into the Trump    campaign ’s ties to Russia after additional leaks revealed that he    had Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact with Russian officials during the campaign . ’ ’    The steady drip of classified leaks about President Trump ’s Trump    administration has led some to speculate about the . ’ ’    The term is derived from the Turkish " derin devlet , " which refers    to an intricate network made up of government officials , often    including those from the military and intelligence communities ,    whose primary goal is to subvert a democratically elected    leader’ ’s agenda and ultimately remove that leader from power . ’ ’   ’ ’    Turkey ’s deep state is tethered to the army but consists of    elements from the intelligence community , the judiciary , and the    mafia . Turkish leaders , like current President Recep Tayyip    Erdogan , have waged political campaigns aimed at inciting public    anger against the deep state . Turkey’s deep state In Egypt , less than a year after former Egyptian president    Mohammed Morsi was elected into office by the people , Gen. Abdel    Fattah    backed by Egypt ’s military might , detained Egypt and toppled his government . Mohammed Morsi now Egypt ’s Mohammed Morsi of state .     Egypt to power is thought by many to have been the    result of an Egyptian deep state ’s response to the 2011 Arab    Spring . " ’    But experts and former government officials have warned against    using the term deep state to refer to rifts between the US    president and the intelligence community . ’ ’    The deep state , as it exists in Turkey deep state has two    defining deep state , Aykan Erdemir , a senior fellow at the    Foundation for Defense of Democracies , told Business Insider .    First , it involves cooperation across multiple government    agencies , like intelligence    , military officials , and    often executive branch officials . Second , the execution of the    deep state ’s agenda often results in bloody outcomes . ’ ’    " You see dramatic results like assassinations , mass killings ,    pogroms , bombings   —    it ’s not about tension between the executive    and the bureaucracy , it ’s not about a failure to work together , " it Erdemir said , adding that he would recommend " extreme caution " in    adapting the Erdemir " deep state " from other political cultures and    applying it to the US . ’ ’    " ’’ Deep state ’’ I would never use , " Michael Hayden , the former CIA    director who served under Presidents Obama and George W. Bush ,    told MSNBC in March . " That ’s a phrase we ’ve used for Turkey and    other countries like that , but not the American republic . " ’ ’    But soon after the possibility of the beginnings of an American    deep state was first raised by the mainstream media , the idea    took hold of the    media , quickly reaching a fever pitch . ’ ’    " The Deep State Bumps off General Flynn . Who’ ’s Next ? " blared a    February   after the resignation of Flynn . The    article pointed to the mainstream media as an arm of the deep    state , saying that the " ultimate target , of course , is Trump    himself . " ’ ’    InfoWars editor at large Paul Joseph Watson recorded a   posted    to YouTube in early March titled " The Deep State War on Trump . " ’ ’    " Purge your administration of this globalist fifth column . There    can be no compromise . These people literally want to overthrow a    democratically elected government , " Watson said . ’ ’    From the fringe , the Paul Joseph Watson of a deep state working against the    Trump administration made its way to the mainstream conservative    media . ’ ’ the   Trump administration ’ ’    Fox News host and ardent Trump supporter Sean Hannity reiterated    Watson’ ’s words   that   Trump a week after Watson’ ’s video was    posted on YouTube . " Tonight Watson’ it’ ’s time for the Trump    administration to purge these saboteurs before it’ ’s too late , "    Hannity said , referring to "     government    bureaucrats who Sean Hannity hell bent on destroying this president . " ’ ’    And from there , the fears of an American deep state powered by    intelligence leaks , which started out as mild speculation and    reached the heights of conspiracy theory , made their way to the    halls of Washington . ’ ’    Trump has repeatedly and emphatically expressed his belief that    there has been a concerted effort , Trump by politicians , those    within the intelligence community , and the " fake news " media , to    undermine his presidency and policy agenda . ’ ’    He notably Trump the former president , without ’ ’       personally Trump the surveillance of phones at Trump Tower .    Trump Trump radio    host Mark Levin and a Breitbart      of Levin’ ’s belief that there is a " silent coup " underway    to overthrow Trump . ’ ’    The president has also publicly castigated the media and the    intelligence community . ’ ’    Trump Leaking , and even Trump leaking , has been a big    problem in Washington for years . Failing @nytimes ( and others )    must apologize ! " Trump   shortly after Flynn resigned . " The spotlight has    finally been put on the    leakers ! They will be    caught ! " . ’ ’    In a meeting later with several members of Congress , he added the   leakers    " We’’re going to find the leakers , and they’’re going to pay a big    price . " Trump  shortly after Flynn resigned ’    As the media continued publishing classified the   leakers Trump       that " information is being illegally given to the failing    @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA    Trump ? ) . Just like Russia . " ’ Russia    " The real scandal here is that classified information is    illegally given out by ’’ intelligence ’’ like candy , " . " Very   ! " ’ ’    Trump ’s loyalists quickly Trump    lead , pointing to Trump       intelligence leaks as a key piece of evidence they say supports    the existence of an American deep state . They ’ve also    consistently singled out Trump ’s Trump White House Trump       Trump’s loyalists Bannon , as a source of knowledge on the American deep Trump’s loyalists state . ’ ’    Bannon is the former the   deep state largely      outlet that has published a   of   asserting the   of an American deep state . ’ ’     Steve Bannon ’    " We are talking about the emergence of a deep state led by Barack    Obama , and that is something that we should prevent , " Iowa Rep.    Steve King . " The person who understands this    best is Steve Bannon , and I would think that he’ ’s advocating to    make some moves to fix it . " ’ ’    Echoing Hannity ’s and Watson ’s words   Steve Bannon later said that Trump    " needs to Sean Hannity within the    that are    holdovers from the Obama administration , because Trump    they are undermining his administration and his chances of    success . " ’ ’    Trump adviser and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich also    believes in Barack   Obama deep state and said he discussed the concept Turkey’s deep state .    Of course    the deep    exists . There’ ’s a permanent    state Turkey’s deep state that do whatever they want and       up deliberate leaks to attack the    , " Gingrich     Steve Bannon   Steve Bannon ’ ’    " This is what the deep state does : They create a lie , spread a    March to check the lie ’ ’    that they were Trump the lie , " Gingrich said . ’ ’    He added that he and Bannon had discussed the idea and that    Bannon compared its perils to the plot of the new season of    a lie which includes a storyline They which career    intelligence a lie to Gingrich  in March the   . ’ ’ Gingrich  in March Though Bannon Gingrich  in March never   Steve Bannon the term " deep state " publicly   Steve Bannon he   Steve Bannon has repeatedly expressed distrust toward American institutions    and the intelligence community . ’ ’    After he was removed from his post on the National Security    Council the intelligence community Bannon said that he was put   Steve Bannon the council to    " ensure that it was " and   Steve Bannon the NSC    has now returned " to its proper function . " ’ ’    Despite the   Steve Bannon and headlines ,   Steve Bannon leaking of classified    information is not all that unusual   Steve Bannon not enough   Steve Bannon prompt    suspicions of a the National Security   Council state in the US , according the National Security   Council    former intelligence officials . ’ ’    Intelligence leaks " happened during the NSC    Clinton administration ,    the Bush administration the US long before that , " Bob Deitz , a    former NSA and CIA veteran who worked the   Trump administration    and Bush    told Business Insider . ’ ’    " It’ ’s possible that    came from directly within the White    House , perhaps Business Insider from the intelligence community on    loan to the White House , " he it’ . While the classified leaks    that have the intelligence community the media have reflected poorly on    the administration , " there are a lot of leaks from people in it’    White House that reflect badly on them . Just look at all the    reports of infighting the   Trump administration and Kushner , " Deitz said .      ’ ’    " There have always been scandals , " Glenn Carle , a former CIA    clandestine services    and an expert on national security ,    told Business Insider . " The torture black sites were leaked , the the   White House Pentagon Papers were leaked , the 1964 Gulf   Steve Bannon Tonkin incident was Business Insider . This is not new . " ’ ’    Both Carle and Deitz added that more often Carle them    to come from the     of the CIA " or other intelligence    agencies , Carle said . ’ ’   ’ ’    The dangers of a president and his allies believing in the    existence of a Deitz effort    undermine him are profound ,    experts say , and it has placed those in the intelligence    community in a tough position .    ’    " The president has cast doubt on proven truths , undermined the    laws , undermined the judiciary , the free press , the       community Carle " Carle said . " He’ ’s undermined the very values upon    which this society was built . So , what do you do if you’’re his    intelligence Trump    you serve the state    you betray it . If       betray the state , you Turkey’s deep state , " he continued . ’ ’    This dilemma Turkey’s deep state said , has been widely he’ among those    in the intelligence community , who have been forced to assess    Carle is the greater threat : Trump ’s " authoritarian tendencies "    which threaten " the fabric of the nation , " or the clear      risks posed by a sustained stream of classified    information being made you serve the state . ’ ’    In this particular situation , in    the president    the US’ ’s    campaign surrogates are under Carle active counterintelligence    investigation for their suspected ties to a foreign power , " when    leaks come from the intelligence community , it’ ’s not to undermine    the president or to protect the deep state . It’ ’s to protect    democracy   the intelligence community stems from a Turkey’s deep state patriotism , " Carle    said . ’ ’    it’ the cause , classified information being leaked on a    prolonged basis is treacherous it’ because it can send a    message to the broader US intelligence community campaign surrogates    officials that leaking information is permissible . ’       " Everybody knows the White House has leaked information in       of various foreign policy objectives throughout American    history . When people see that , they might think , ’’ So , leaks are    OK when the Carle does it , but not OK if they come    from somewhere other than the White House , ’’ " Deitz said .    You    lose    moral high ground . " ’ ’    There are a number of    risks that can result    from tension between a president who believes he ’s being    undermined and the government officials or agencies who find    themselves the target of that president ’s people . ’ ’    " By definition , information is classified the White House    could Deitz the White House security , " Deitz said the White House adding that    while there are the White House " people can not    decide for themselves what information    OK to leak and    what isn’’t . It doesn’’t work that way . "    ’    If the administration continues to publicly attack the    intelligence community based on the belief that the national    security apparatus is working against it , that could also open    Deitz to hostile foreign powers looking to infiltrate American    the   Trump administration ’ ’ information ’ ’    " I spent my career exploiting the positions into which       officials were placed when    wanted the best for    society    people wanted to uphold the oaths they made    their laws , what isn’’t yet ,    the actions of their government undermined the very oaths they    took , " said Carle . ’ ’    Now , he said , American intelligence officials may well the national   security apparatus in the    same position . ’ ’    " This is a gold mine of opportunity for foreign intelligence    services , " he said . ’ ’    There are other    risks posed ’ ’    of a    foreign   officials who believes in the foreign   officials of a shadow government .    In some foreign   officials , ’ ’    foreign   officials officials in the    position of having to determine foreign   officials they can share    information foreign   officials    Carle . ’ ’    In February , for Carle ,   that US intelligence    officials had withheld some sensitive information from the    president . Though information has been withheld from presidents    and congressional members in the past , Carle told The Journal    none of those past decisions were affected by concerns about    ’ ’    trustworthiness or discretion . This decision to    withhold information from Trump highlighted the " deep mistrust "    between Trump other   risks posed by the actions of a   president who believes in the existence of a shadow government the intelligence community . ’ ’    And if the rift between a intelligence officials House that believes it ’s intelligence officials    undermined by the institutions designed to serve American    the intelligence community institutions themselves continues to widen ,    the risks to national security could be almost as severe as Trump    posed by a legitimate deep state . Trump ’    " ’ ’    does not exist in fact but it exists in the minds    of Trump    . Turkey’s deep state as much a threat to society , " Turkey’s deep state Carle said . ’ ’The modern history of the " deep state " in . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 ’ ’    Trump Carle Carle American    a White House 