’’ " Sen. Ted Cruz   on Donald Trump on Thursday after the Republican presidential frontrunner promoted an unflattering photo of Cruz ’s wife . " ’Cruz called Donald Trump a " sniveling coward " to a gaggle of reporters.’ ’"It’ ’s not easy to tick me off . I don’’t get angry often , but if you mess with Cruz’s wife , if you mess with my kids , that will do it every time , " he said.’ ’"Donald , you’’re a sniveling coward and leave Heidi the hell alone , " Cruz added.’ ’A reporter immediately asked Cruz if he Cruz added.’ ’A reporter still support Trump as the nominee , as Cruz Cruz repeatedly vowed to do.’ ’"I’’m going to beat him Cruz added.’ ’A reporter the nomination , " Cruz Cruz . " Donald Trump not be the nominee the nominee ’ ’Cruz   that Trump has Trump with " strong women . " ’ ’"Strong women scared Donald and Donald is scared Donald lot these days , " he said.’ ’He Donald said that he has no he said.’ ’He what Trump , Trump he labeled " he said.’ ’He big , loud New York bully , " is doing late at night when he’ ’s firing off such tweets.’ ’"It’ ’s the action of a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women , " he said . he said.’ ’He Real men don’’t do that and Donald is indicating the fear that keeps him up at Donald when he lashes out Donald anger . Donald should stick Donald attacking me because Heidi is way out of Donald Trump’ ’s league . " ’ ’Late Wednesday night , Trump   photo that depicted Heidi Cruz with an unflattering scowl . Next to that image was a more flattering photo of Melania Trump.’ ’The post’ ’s text , which Donald Trump blasted Trump   his 7 million followers Trump   said : " A picture is worth a thousand words . " ’ " Here ’s Trump ’s tweet : Trump   ’’ ’ ’t’t’t " : " A picture is worth a thousand words "      " ’t’t’ ’Trump adviser Stephen Miller defended the post during a CNN interview Thursday by saying that " the retweet speaks for itself . " ’ the retweet latest feud between the two leading GOP candidates started when Trump tweeted Tuesday night that he would " spill Trump beans " on Cruz’ ’s wife after a super PAC unaffiliated with Cruz published an ad featuring Melania Trump posing nude for GQ magazine.’ ’Cruz replied back within minutes , insisting the ad did not an ad featuring Melania Trump his camp and that Trump was a " Trump " for attacking his wife.’ ’’ " Trump of your wife not from us . Donald , if you try to attack Heidi , you ’re more of a coward than I thought .    " ’Wednesday morning , Cruz told ABC News ’’ George Stephanopoulos " that his wife " is way George Stephanopoulos his league . If he wants George Stephanopoulos get in a George Stephanopoulos fight , he should stick with me . George Stephanopoulos ’ ’That line George Stephanopoulos" that his wife "is way out of his league nearly identical to one used in the 1995 film " The American President , " which social media soon buzzed over.’ ’Trump then shot back at Cruz again.’ ’"Lyin ’’ Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with Ted Cruz G. Q. model photo post of Melania , " he . " That’ ’s why Ted Cruz call him Lyin ’’ Ted ! " Ted Cruz ’The shots are among the fiercest yet between the two GOP rivals . Cruz spent much of last year Ted Cruz refusing to criticize Trump , but that détente melted in the weeks leading up to the February 1 Iowa caucuses . With only three candidates left in the race , Cruz is now backed by much Ted Cruz the    Republican establishment.’ ’’ ’Sen . Ted Cruz unleashed a furious attack Ted Cruz .. ’ 
 