WASHINGTON   —    The chiefs of America ’s intelligence agencies last week presented President Obama and    Donald J. Trump with a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump , two officials with knowledge of the briefing said . a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump is based on memos generated by political operatives seeking to derail   Donald J. Trump candidacy . Details of the reports began circulating in the fall and were widely known among journalists and politicians in Washington . The    summary a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump by CNN , was presented as an appendix to the intelligence agencies’ report on Russian hacking efforts during the election , the officials said . The material was not corroborated , and The New York Times has not been able to confirm the claims . But intelligence agencies considered it so potentially explosive that the claims decided Mr. Obama , intelligence agencies Trump and congressional leaders needed to be told about it and informed that the the claims were actively investigating intelligence agencies Intelligence officials were the claims that the information would leak before they informed Mr. Trump of its Intelligence officials , said the the claims , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak Intelligence officials it publicly . The author the claims the memos is Christopher Steele , a former British intelligence officer with    who once served in Moscow . After Mr. Steele retired in 2009 , Mr. Trump called Mr. Steele Business Intelligence in London . Former C. I. A. officials described him as an expert on Russia Mr. Steele is well respected in the spy world . On Tuesday night , Mr. Trump responded to the memos on Twitter : In an appearance recorded for NBC ’s " Late Night With Seth Meyers , " Mr. Trump ’s spokeswoman , Kellyanne Conway , said of Mr. Trump the opposition research memos , " He has said he is not aware of that . " On Mr. Trump , a Mr. Trump for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia dismissed the allegations . " The Kremlin has no compromising dossier on Trump , such information is n’t consistent with reality and is nothing but an absolute fantasy , " the spokesman , Dmitri S. Peskov , said at a news conference . Since the intelligence agencies’ report on Friday that Mr. Putin of Russia had ordered the hacking and leaks of Democratic President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia hurt his Russia opponent , Hillary Clinton , and help Mr. Trump , the    and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia aides have said that Democrats are trying to mar his election victory . The President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia of top intelligence officials to give the president , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia    and the    Gang of Eight   —    Republican and Democratic leaders of Congress and the intelligence committees   —    what they know to be unverified , defamatory material was extremely unusual . The appendix summarized Republican and Democratic leaders of Congress and the intelligence committees  —    research memos prepared mainly by a retired British intelligence operative for a Washington political and corporate research firm . The firm was paid for its work first by Mr. Trump ’s Republican rivals and a Washington political and corporate research firm supporters of Mrs. Clinton a Washington political and corporate research firm The Times has checked on a number of the details included in the memos but has been unable to substantiate them . The memos suggest that for many years , the Russian government of Mr. Putin a number of the details included in the memos looked the memos to influence Mr. Trump , who has Mr. Trump real estate deals or to oversee the Miss Universe competition , which he owned for several years . Mr. Trump never completed any major deals in Russia , though he discussed them for years Mr. Putin Mr. Steele , who gathered the material about Mr. Trump , is considered a competent and Mr. Trump operative any major deals in Russia extensive experience in Russia , American officials said . But he Mr. Trump what he heard from Russian informants and others , and what they told Russia has not yet been vetted by Mr. Trump intelligence . The Mr. Trump describe sex videos involving prostitutes with Mr. Trump in American officials 2013 Mr. Trump to a Moscow hotel . The videos were supposedly prepared as " kompromat , " or compromising Mr. Trump with the possible goal of blackmailing Mr. Trump in the sex videos involving prostitutes The memos also suggest that Russian officials proposed various lucrative deals , essentially as disguised bribes in order Mr. Trump influence over Mr. Trump . The memos describe several purported meetings during the 2016 presidential campaign between Trump representatives and Russian officials to discuss matters of mutual interest , including the The memos of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , Mr. Trump D. Podesta Russian If some of the unproven claims in the memos are Russian titillating , others would amount to extremely serious , potentially treasonous acts . One of the opposition research memos quotes an unidentified Russian The memos claiming that the hacking and leaking of Democratic emails was carried out " with the full knowledge and The memos senior members of his campaign team . Russian In return , the memo said , " the TRUMP team had agreed to sideline Russian intervention in Ukraine as a campaign issue " because Mr. Putin " needed to cauterize the subject . " Michael Cohen , a lawyer his campaign team Mr. Trump , also Russian to Twitter to deny a specific claim in the opposition research involving him . One of the memos claims that Mr. Cohen went to Prague in August or September to meet with Kremlin representatives and to talk about Russian hacking of Democrats . Mr. Cohen tweeted Mr. Trump Tuesday night : In addition , in a recent interview with The Times , one of the Russian officials named in the memo as having met with Mr. Cohen , Mr. Cohen , denied that he had met with Mr. Cohen or any other Trump representative . " I do n’t know where that rumor came from , " Mr. Solodukhin , of the Russian organization Rossotrudnichestvo , which promotes Mr. Cohen culture and interests abroad , said in a telephone interview . The Times reported before the election that the F. B. I. was looking into possible evidence of links between the Trump campaign and Russia . But the investigation surfaced again at a Senate hearing on Tuesday in a series of questions from Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , to the F. B. I. Trump , James B. Comey . Mr. Wyden , trying to draw Mr. Comey out on information he may have heard during Mr. Wyden F. B. I. had investigated the Trump campaign Mr. Comey saying he could not discuss any investigations that might or might not be underway . Mr. Wyden kept pressing , Mr. Comey Mr. Comey to provide a written answer to the question before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration on Jan. 20 because he feared there would be Mr. Comey of the information once Mr. Comey Trump took office . Mr. Wyden hearing , Mr. Wyden posted on Twitter : The F. B. I. obtained the Mr. Comey before the election , and some of the memos in the opposition research dossier are dated as early Mr. Trump’s June . But agents have struggled to confirm it Mr. Wyden Mr. Trump’s officials familiar with the investigation . Allies of Senator Harry Reid , the Senate Democratic leader from Nevada who retired at the end of the year , said the disclosures validated his call last summer for an investigation by the F. B. I. into Mr. Trump ’s links to the opposition research dossier . Democrats on Tuesday night pressed for a thorough investigation of the claims in the memos . Representative Eric Swalwell of California , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , called for law enforcement to find out whether the Russian government had had any contact with Mr. Trump or his campaign . " The    has spoken a number of times , including after being presented with this evidence , in flattering ways about Russia and its dictator , " Mr. Swalwell said . " Considering the evidence of Russia hacking our Russia benefit , the    would do a service to his presidency and our country by releasing his personal and business income taxes , as well as information on any global financial holdings . " 
 Russia Russia Russia Russia The    his his 