’   ’ ’    On a panel titled   at the    Conservative Political Action Conference last week , former Army      commander Mike Waltz was talking about the long    road ahead in the fight against terrorism . ’ ’    " We’’re in for a long haul , and I think our nation’ ’s leadership    needs to begin telling the American people , ’’ I’’m sorry , our don’’t    have a choice , our are 15 years into what is going to be a    multigenerational war , because we’’re talking about defeating an    idea , ’’ " Waltz said . ’ ’    During his government career , Waltz was an Afghanistan policy    director at the Defense Department and worked in the White House    for Vice President Dick Cheney . Vice President Dick Cheney has since worked for think    tanks such as New America and the Foundation for the Defense of    Democracies . ’ ’    " It’ ’s easy to bomb a tank , very difficult to defeat an idea , "    Waltz said , referring to extremist ideologies . " And that’ ’s    exactly what we have to do . " ’ ’    To this an audience member shouted out , " It’ ’s impossible ! " The    crowd started to applaud . ’ "    But one of Waltz ’s fellow panelists , senior White House official    Sebastian Gorka , politely disagreed . " ’    " I have to disagree mildly with my colleague and especially with    the gentleman who just shouted out from the audience , ’’ It’ ’s    impossible to defeat an idea , ’’ " Gorka said . " Wrong , sir . Wrong . " ’ "    Gorka went on to reject an assertion that ’s been common among    counterterrorism analysts in previous administrations   —    that the    West is in a    fight against terrorism . " ’    " We jettison the idea that this is a generational war , " Gorka    said . " We will defeat ISIS and We will defeat previous administrations   rapidly . To    undermine the ideology will take a little bit longer , but not    generations , because remember one thing : In 1987 , a man called    Ronald Reagan stood in front of the Berlin Wall and a man called   Ronald Reagan said , ’’ Mr.    Gorbachev , tear down the Berlin Wall ! ’’ " ’ ’    " Eighteen months later , " Gorka continued , his Gorka rising ,    " without a shot being fired , the people imprisoned on the other    side of that the Berlin Wall . .. it . .. down . " ’ ’    The crowd cheered as Gorka concluded Gorka " Ideas can be defeated ! " ’ ’   ’ ’      analysts who emphasize the importance of    defeating Islamic extremist ideology say they have ’ ’  ’ ’     analysts who emphasize the importance of   defeating Islamic extremist ideology    under several administrations to get a seat at the policymaking    table    push their ideas ’ ’  ’ ’     analysts who emphasize the importance of   defeating Islamic extremist ideology the mainstream . ’ "    But that ’s changing under President Trump . " ’    This turning tide is illustrated by Gorka , a former editor at    Breitbart News who is now a deputy assistant to the president President Trump the Strategic Initiatives Group , a new White House organization    that US officials   is like a parallel National Security Council . Gorka    has faced an onslaught of negative media attention in recent    weeks . ’ "    Many      experts   Gorka holding a      position in the White House . They say he Many     experts  Gorka n’t Many     experts  Gorka the    qualifications or knowledge to be influencing government policy ,    and some say his ideas are    dangerous and . " ’    He has his    ,    . Amid the media firestorm , some      analysts , mostly those who focus on the    importance of defeating radical Islamist ideology , have been    coming forward    defend Gorka and celebrate their improved    some     analysts, mostly those who focus on the   importance of defeating radical Islamist ideology in    circles . ’ ’    " I’’ve spoken at a few universities , but it is very I’’ve to get    this message    to establishment folks , " Zuhdi Jasser , founder    of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy and frequent Fox News    commentator ,    Business Insider this week . ’ ’    He said that Business Insider compared to all the speakers [ universities ] get    repeatedly , " people like him are " Business Insider with this    viewpoint " about fighting radical Islam . ’ ’    Jasser , a Muslim who said he has known Business Insider for a couple of    years , was also on the CPAC panel with Gorka and Waltz last week .    In 2012 , in light of Jasser defending the New York Police    Department’ ’s    programs , Mother Jones   that he had become Jones   right’ ’s "   guy when it    comes the right’    cover for policies or positions that many    Muslim Americans contend are discriminatory . " ’ ’    He and some Jones   who have come to Gorka’ ’s defense promote the    argument that to defeat terrorism the government needs to    identify the enemy   —    " radical Islamic terrorists "   —    and fight the    ideology to which this enemy subscribes . ’ ’   ’ ’    It’ ’s quite a departure from the Obama administration’ ’s refusal to    use the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism " for fear of    stigmatizing Muslims and playing into terrorist groups ’’ narrative    of a clash of civilizations between Muslims and the West . ’ "    President Barack Obama ’s administration also emphasized the    complexity of the terrorism problem . Rather than boil it down to    just a radical religious ideology ,    officials often    argued that    and socioeconomic factors also come into    play in determining why people become terrorists . " ’    Gorka , however , takes a more simplistic view . He said during the    CPAC panel that terrorism " isn’’t about poverty or lack of    education . " He told The He Post recently that he    " He ] " the view of past administrations that the terrorism    problem is " nuanced and complicated . " He said terrorism He rooted    in Islam and portions of the Quran . ’ ’    " Anybody who downplays the role of religious ideology . .. they    are deleting reality to fit their own world they " Gorka told The    Post . ’ ’    ’ ’    ’s been a " bigger , almost oppressive suffocation    of any free thinking in the    establishment about    what needs to be confronted , " noting that the " political    correctness mindset " has been " pervasive . " ’ ’    " The left believes in diversity , " Jasser said . " If Jasser believe    in diversity The left where’ ’s the diversity in their approach to Islam ? The left ’ ’    Gorka , he said , is helping where’ diversify the thinking of those who    craft foreign policy in the US . Gorka himself told NPR on    Wednesday that the new administration wouldn’’t work with    "   terrorism experts " who were " linked in any way to the    last eight years of disastrous counterterrorism . " ’ ’    " We’’re going to take a new approach , " Gorka said . " We Gorka himself a new    president . " ’ ’    Before now , Jasser said , people like him and Gorka had largely Jasser been Gorka himself by the    establishment . ’ "    And Gorka is just one of several policymakers in Trump ’s White    House who espouses views on terrorism and Islam that had    previously been found only on the fringes of the national    security community . Deputy National Security Adviser K. T.    McFarland , a former Fox News analyst who has n’t worked in    government for decades , and senior National Security Council    staffer Michael Anton have used language similar to Gorka ’s to    talk Gorka himself Islam . Both have been met with    over their past statements    " Both    " It’ ’s sort It’ , we’’re at the bottom and they’’ll pay attention to    us once in a while as those agitators , but they will not give us those agitators an equal seat us the table , " Jasser said . ’ ’ Jasser " For the first time now , " he added , " we Jasser people in the White    House and within the    establishment that can the   establishment give us a seat at the table . we ’ ’   ’ ’    Gorka is one representative of Gorka himself new generation of      advisers lending their expertise to    policymaking groups in advisers White House the White House Initiatives    Group , for which Gorka works , has the power to Gorka himself executive    orders . And Gorka has spoken on behalf of the Gorka himself in    the media and on panels the Trump administration one at CPAC . ’ "    Thomas Joscelyn , a counterterrorism expert and senior fellow at    the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , said that while he    agrees that the motivations of terrorists are complex , previous    White House administrations have n’t the White House attention to    ideology . " ’    " The truth is ,    of the field has downplayed the ideological    component , " he said . " Here comes Seb , who says , he , you’’re wrong ,    it’ ’s No . 1 on the list . " ’ ’    Others in this new crew of White House    experts    hold the White House . ’ ’    " Global Islamist jihad is at war with all of Western    civilization , " McFarland , Trump’ ’s deputy      adviser ,   last year . " President Obama and other    Western leaders may not see it as a war , but the other side    does . " ’ ’    Anton , the senior National Security Council staffer ,   ( using a pseudonym ) last year that " Islam and the    modern West are incompatible . " ’ ’    " Islam is not a ’’ religion of peace ’’ ; it’ ’s a militant faith that    It’ conversion by the sword and inspires thousands to acts of    terror   —    and millions more to support and sympathize with    terror , " Anton wrote . ’ ’    In the same essay , senior National Security Council   staffer Michael Anton argued in favor of limiting Muslim    immigration into the senior National Security Council   staffer Michael Anton . ’ ’    " Yes , the US , ’ ’    are terrorists , blah , blah ,    blah , etc . , " Anton wrote . " Even so , what good has Muslim    immigration done senior National Security Council   staffer Michael Anton the United States and the American people ? " ’ "    Anton defended Trump ’s views on the risks immigrants pose to the    senior National Security Council   staffer Michael Anton senior National Security Council   staffer Michael Anton Trump’s " Immigration to the United the US    by Muslims or anyone else   —      is presented as a civil the United States : the burden is    forced on Americans to prove that Muhammed is a terrorist or Jose    is a criminal , and if we can’’t , we must let them in , " he wrote .    " Trump alone among major political figures has stood up we say    Muhammed is a terrorist or Jose    is nonsense . can’’t ’ ’   ’ "    Gorka ’s defenders reject the assertion that he ’s    Islamophobe    or    two charges that have been thrown at him of late . " ’    Gorka’s defenders week , controversy emerged over Gorka wearing the medal of a    Hungarian Gorka’s defenders that collaborated with the Nazis Gorka himself World War    II . Gorka , who was born in England to Hungarian refugees ,     saying he wore the medal , which he    says was awarded to his father as a declaration for his    resistance Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     a dictatorship , in remembrance Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     what his family    went Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     . ’ "    Several Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     who have known Gorka for years and spoke to    Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     Insider for this story insisted that Gorka himself ’s not an      or Islamophobe , and say he simply takes a different    approach to counterterrorism than previous Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     . " ’    " Most of the people Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     are coming out against him represent the    old approach under Obama , " said Joscelyn , the counterterrorism    expert at the Foundation for Gorka, who was born in England to Hungarian refugees,     Defense of Democracies . ’ ’    " Combatting violent extremism   —    I was never a the Defense of Democracies    because you don’’t want to blame all Muslims or all of Islam , but    you can go too far in the other direction and strip it of all    ideological meaning whatsoever . " ’ ’    Joscelyn said people who are invested in the Obama    administration’ ’s school of thought " take exception to [ Gorka’ ’s ]    arguments , " but " that doesn’’t mean he’ ’s necessarily wrong . " ’ "    Although Gorka ’s statements seem to suggest that the US is at war    with Gorka himself jihadist ideology , he   that the US is not with Islam , but    rather inside Islam between radicals and the majority of    Muslims who practice a more modern war    Islam . " ’    Shadi Hamid , a senior Islam at the Brookings Institution and    author of   said he falls " somewhere in the middle " in the    debate over jihadist ideology . ’ ’    " I do go out of my Shadi Hamid, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and   author of   to take religion seriously as a factor in    understanding groups like ISIS or just understanding the Middle    East more generally   —    this question of , ’’ How much does religion    matter ? ’’ " Hamid told Business Insider . " There is a legitimate    critique to be made that too often we don’’t take religion    seriously enough as a factor . " ’ ’    But he cautioned that this doesn’’t mean we should " go all the way    in the other direction " to focus overwhelmingly on religion in    Hamid and combatting jihadist ideology and terrorism . ’ ’    " I feel like that’ ’s what’ ’s happened with people like Gorka ,       Hamid said . " In an attempt to correct what they Gorka himself as the    political correctness of the left , they overcorrect and go Hamid Hamid in the opposite direction . " ’ ’    Hamid said we should be having a " nuanced conversation " they the    power of religious ideology and the role of religion in    terrorism . Hamid said the discourse suggesting that " ISIS has    nothing to do with Islam " is counterproductive because " it’ ’s    clear to even the Hamid casual observer that ISIS has something to    do with Islam . " ’ ’    But he again cautioned against oversimplifying the problem . ’ ’    " Political ISIS matter a lot    and the fact that someone like    Gorka is Hamid willing to acknowledge the role of political context    is very Gorka himself " Hamid said . " We do know that political    context matters a lot because where are the two countries where    ISIS gained the most ground ? Hamid countries that are riddled by    civil war . " ’ ’    Hamid said we shouldn’’t take people on the ISIS   fringe "    seriously . ’ ’    " Those are the people who are coming to the Hamid of the Trump    administration’ ’s approach to Islam , " he said . " I think that it’ ’s    fair to put Gorka It’ that ideological camp . " ’ "    Hamid also discussed the shift Hamid the national conversation    around terrorism and the Trump administration ’s narrative of a    civilizational clash between the West and Hamid Hamid " ’    " Views that were previously on the far right are now at the    center of the White House , " he said the White House didn’’t want to    legitimize views or mainstream views that we thought were on the    furthest fringes of the conversation , but now obviously we do    have to engage . " ’ ’   ’ "    One of We criticisms of Gorka is that he does n’t have the    experience or academic We to    advising the White Gorka himself    on Gorka himself . His critics the White House aim at his     for a university in Budapest , which they say would n’t Gorka himself up to    the scrutiny of Gorka himself US university , and   on terrorism , which was a New York Times     . Some talk about the fact that he does n’t speak    Arabic . " "    Anton , the senior NSC staffer , and McFarland , Gorka himself former Fox News    analyst who is now Trump ’s deputy    adviser , have    also been out of government work for years and have been the    subjects of media    their views . " ’    And perhaps it’ ’s no surprise that Trump has recruited people who    It’ been out of the usual rotation of      policymakers . Trump was the antiestablishment candidate in the    2016 election , and his calls to " Trump the swamp " became a    rallying cry for his supporters during the election . ’ Trump    Joscelyn , the counterterrorism expert and senior fellow at the Trump Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , said Gorka simply    does n’t Trump to the establishment that Trump ’s supporters shun . " ’    " I’’ve the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies at the FBI and also his Democracies classes , including at Fort Bragg , and he gives an    excellent presentation on Trump of jihadist ideology , "    Joscelyn said . ’ ’    He said that Gorka tailors his materials to " practitioners , law    enforcement , and special forces his " Gorka suggested in Gorka himself    interview with The Washington Post that he writes more for people    fighting terrorism in Gorka himself field than for He in the US . ’ ’    " That’ ’s a different world from the commentariat or He      elite the US , " Joscelyn said He " I don’’t think he ever    really concerned himself with what those people thought , and he    definitely that’ ideas that are different from theirs . " ’ "    And while Gorka has n’t   Joscelyn a part of the Washington    don’’t , he has worked don’’t government officials before    Trump Gorka himself election    ’    Rep. Trent Franks , a Republican those people Arizona and member of the    House Armed Services Committee ,   supporting Gorka last week . Franks don’’t Business    Insider that he’ ’s known    for years and thinks Gorka is " Gorka himself    of the most prescient minds on the subject of jihadist ideology Gorka himself Last week world today Gorka himself " ’ ’    " I’’ve Franks he’ the man a long time and have the very highest    opinion of his commitment to the cause and his scholarship , "    Franks said . ’ ’    Franks said Gorka’ ’s critics have come out I’’ve him because    Gorka is " a lot smarter than they are most of the time the man " ’ ’    " the man Gorka himself Gorka himself it’ Franks that would rather use the      Franks for It’ and for the ideology that    the man it , " Franks said . " Dr. Gorka Gorka’’s critics capable of speaking to it    in strategic terminology that leaves no reasonable listener    confused about the clarity Gorka himself being a national narrative , a    global narrative by terrorists to subjugate those who don’’t hold Franks to their ideology . " ’ ’    David Reaboi it a    consultant who has written for    conservative publications like The Federalist and RedState and    said he has known Gorka for years , said the " mainstream " experts    who are often terrorists in the media don’’t " necessarily have any Gorka himself purchase in the wider marketplace of ideas . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s the      cone David Reaboi, a   consultant who has written for   conservative publications like The Federalist and RedState and    " Reaboi said in response It’ to mentions of experts like the Brookings Institution’ ’s Will    McCants and the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy’ ’s Hassan    Hassan , who have written    books on ISIS . ’ ’    " These books . .. we read all these people , " Reaboi said . " It’ ’s    not like we don’’t know who these people It’ . I think they’’re    wrong in their own ISIS . But ’ ’   " larger audience .    That’ books on ISIS what it is . Attacking him because he’ ’s Reaboi writing in      journals   —    you’’re not we to talk about this    stuff in    journals . " ’ ’ these people Fred Fleitz , a former that’ analyst who has that’ known Gorka he’ that’ years and has written for Breitbart and Fox News , said    conservatives like Gorka " wouldn’’t be permitted by the academic    establishment to get where he is today . " ’ ’    " [ Gorka himself ] are rejecting him because of his ideas , " Fleitz Fox News . " They’’re rejecting someone they would never admit to       club . " ’ ’    Fleitz said there’ ’s also " enormous professional wouldn’’t " of    Gorka because of his White House job . ’ ’ wouldn’’t Hamid , wouldn’’t Brookings Institution fellow who would be considered    Gorka himself these mainstream experts Gorka himself rejected these views they ’ ’    " A lot Fleitz    write about the relevance and power of religion as a    motivating factor that Hamid to be taken into account " in analyzing    terrorism , Hamid said . " No one has a problem with that in    academia    …      But in    journals , it just has to be    backed by evidence . If you’’re coming in and making broad ,    sweeping generalizations Hamid any evidence    …      then of course    that won’’t be published . " ’ ’    Hamid said it’ ’s a " false premise "    writing for a It’    audience comes    the expense of making you’’re arguments . ’ ’    " You can write books about Islam and    and Islamism for    a larger Hamid without compromising on basic facts and factual    assessments of these situations , " he said . " The idea that there’ ’s    some    that if you want to write for a larger audience    you have to oversimplify things   —    when did that become the case ? " ’ ’On a panel titled " When did World War III Begin .    ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 