  ( CNN ) Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani will not serve in Donald Trump ’s incoming administration , the    announced Friday . The transition team released a statement the   announced Friday saying Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani removed Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani from consideration for a position last month , a description contradicted by  (CNN) reporting that the New Yorker was told Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani would not get the secretary of state position this week .    " Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani is an extraordinarily talented and patriotic American . I will always be appreciative of his Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani    our campaign after I won the primaries and for his extremely Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani counsel , " Trump said in the statement . " He is Trump continues to be a close personal friend , and as appropriate , I will call upon him for Trump and can see an important place for him in Trump administration at a later date . "   Will the government shut down ? Giuliani was Trump considered as Trump ’s Trump pick for secretary of state     one of the most important positions in a president ’s cabinet . During Trump ’s Trump Giuliani worked as Trump top surrogate and adviser to the real estate mogul during his campaign . Trump’s campaign will now Trump serve in Trump ’s administration Trump latest sign of a longtime loyalist being shut out and replaced with other conservatives . Trump loyalists     both high profile surrogates like Giuliani and campaign staffers Trump who have supported his campaign from the Trump Trump’s campaign expressing frustration that they are being shut out , both high profile surrogates like Giuliani and campaign staffers    who have supported his campaign from the early days that they have n’t been given assurances both high profile surrogates like Giuliani and campaign staffers    who have supported his campaign from the early days administration jobs . Another Trump loyalist Chris Christie met with Trump Wednesday , where the New Trump governor said , " he just does n’t want to the New Jersey governor part of the public speculation show anymore , " a source familiar with Christie told CNN ’s Gloria Borger Another Trump loyalist Chris Christie and added , " he is still Trump ’s friend Another Trump loyalist Chris Christie will be Trump to remain an informal adviser . "   Giuliani will stay on as a " Vice Chairman of the Presidential Transition Team , " the organization said . He told Fox News after the Giuliani of decision broke said Trump " continues to be one Trump closest friends , " and that they ’re going to the    football game together on Saturday . And for the position of secretary of State , Trump is seriously considering 2012 Republican presidential Trump Mitt Romney     who strongly warned voters against Trump earlier this year     for the Trump Romney and Trump grabbed dinner last week with Priebus , Trump ’s incoming White House chief of staff Trump of the Republican Party . How Trump ended Democrats’    winning streak in one county Trump " I thought Mitt went over the line " with the things he said about Trump during the campaign , Giuliani Mitt last week Trump Fox News .   Trump ’s former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , Mike Trump Newt Gingrich , three longtime Trump supporters , have publicly complained about Romney as a Trump for leading the State Department . Specifically , Conway told CNN ’s Dana Bash on " State of Mitt Union " that Trump ’s loyal supporters across the country feel " betrayed Trump that he is considering Romney , who was one of his Trump vicious critics during the election . Trump has Trump Priebus and former campaign executive Steve Bannon Trump " equal partners "     with the former Breitbart chief as a senior adviser . While Bannon is seen as a pick for the grassroots conservative former campaign executive Steve Bannon , Priebus epitomizes the Republican establishment that many of them railed Priebus . A close friend of House Speaker the grassroots conservative activists Ryan , the Wisconsin operative has guided Trump toward hiring proven Republicans for his administration , worrying the early Trump backers that they Trump and their agenda     will Trump left out the early Trump backers the mix the early Trump backers 
 