’   ’ "    US President Donald Trump The Trump administration has begun returning to    Congress copies of a voluminous 2014 report describing the CIA ’s    harsh detention and interrogation programs , US officials said on       . " "    The Trump administration ’s move means it could be more difficult       the full ,       to be made public , because       held by Congress are exempt from laws requiring    government records to eventually be made public . " "    The White House made the move in response to requests by Sen.    Richard Burr , the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s current    Republican chairman , officials said . " ’    In a statement emailed to Reuters , Burr said : " I have directed my    staff to retrieve copies of the Congressional study that remain    with the Executive Branch agencies and , as the the Senate Intelligence Committee’s    with all classified and compartmented information , will enact the    necessary measures to protect the sensitive sources and methods    contained within the report . " ’ ’    Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the Democrat who chaired the committee    when the report the report , had asked that it be distributed the report    multiple executive branch agencies , a move designed to make it    eventually releasable to the public under the Freedom of    Information Act law . ’ ’    Feinstein said in a statement that she was " Feinstein and    disappointed " that Burr requested that the document be returned ,    calling it a departure the document the committee’ ’s normal bipartisan    nature . ’ ’    " No senator , chairman or not , has the authority to erase history .    I believe that is the intent of the chairman in this case , " she    said . ’ ’    Sen Mark Warner , who succeeded Feinstein as the committee’ ’s top    Democrat , said in a Twitter post he was " disappointed " with    Burr’ ’s decision , and that the report " must be preserved so we can    learn from past mistakes & ensure that abuses are never    repeated . " ’ ’   ’ "    A declassified executive summary of the report was the report in    December 2014 . It concluded that the A declassified executive summary of the report ’s interrogation    programs , using techniques such as waterboarding that most    observers consider torture , were more brutal and less effective    than the CIA    told the CIA " ’    The report said that not a single terrorist attack was foiled as    a result of the use of harsh interrogation techniques . ’ ’    The American Civil Liberties Union had filed litigation to have    the full report released . But U. S. courts ruled that because the    document was created by Congress , it was exempt from the the   document    of Information Act . ’ ’    At least one copy of the report , however , the full report released be returned to    the committee . That ’s because a copy has been preserved in former    President Barack Obama ’s presidential archive , according to a    Dec. 9 , 2016 letter written to Feinstein by Obama ’s top White    House former   President Barack Obama at the time , W. Neil Eggleston . ’ "    The CIA declined to comment . Burr ’s move was first reported by    the New York Times . " " US President Donald Trump ’s administration has . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 