WARREN , Michigan   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump vowed before a packed audience of roughly 2 , 000 in a high school gymnasium on Monday afternoon : " In eight days , we are going to win the state of Michigan . " [ The boisterous crowd was the second Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had addressed in the state of Michigan , having earlier spoken to a large rally in Grand Rapids . They The boisterous crowd for two hours until Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump arrived , and there was a large overflow crowd outside the venue , impressing members of the traveling press pool .    In front of large    " VOTE TRUMP and " AMERICA FIRST " signs , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump vowed to " repeal and replace " Obamacare , which Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump noted had led to    premium increases in health insurance premiums in the state . As Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump does at every rally , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ripped the media . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump challenged the journalists in the room to ask Hillary Clinton why she Hillary Clinton not speak up when CNN contributor ( and later Democratic National Committee chair ) Donna Brazile passed her Donna Brazile questions from the network on multiple occasions . " We do want the answer to that question , media . Ask her Hillary Clinton " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump noted that CNN CNN fired Brazile Donna Brazile and asked : " If they fired Donna Donna Brazile why are n’t they firing they fired Donna Brazile Clinton ? " Trump was Trump interrupted by a protester , who was identified by attendees nearby and escorted out , amidst chants of "   ! " ( From the podium , Trump said that the heckler had probably been paid , citing Wikileaks . ) Trump also Trump to bring automotive plants back to Michigan . " I ’m gon na bring your jobs back , folks . " " It used to be the cars were made in Flint and you could n’t drink the water in Mexico    …      Now the cars the cars in Mexico and you Mexico n’t drink the water in the water in Mexico    " Flint joked Trump   He said Trump , as president , he would Trump call CEOs of companies that move jobs offshore to inform them that they would jobs charged jobs 35 % tax on imported goods from those facilities . Macomb County , where Warren is situated , suffered deep job losses in the recession and has seen manufacturing jobs decline by roughly    since 2000 . As at the Grand Rapids rally , there were several attendees in Halloween costumes .   Trump also slammed Hillary Clinton ’s negative ads against him . He said Trump saw Trump slew Trump her ads in Florida Hillary Clinton " And they were so untrue . " Most of them , " he they . Joel Trump Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Trump . 
 