  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s highly publicized efforts to woo minority voters are n’t going exactly as planned . Trump surrogate admits falsifying biographical claims , In the week and a half since Donald Trump advisers touted an aggressive push to make inroads with    and Latino voters , the GOP nominee delivered a hardline immigration speech , lost the support of some of his the GOP nominee Latino backers and faced ridicule for attempting to tightly choreograph his the GOP nominee to an    church slated for Saturday .    " It ’s going abysmally bad for Trump right now , " said Javier Palomarez , chief executive of the US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , in a blunt assessment of Trump Trump to Hispanic voters . The Trump campaign ’s sudden decision to spotlight minority outreach efforts with less than three months until Election Day came amid mounting concern in his campaign Trump campaign’s some voters viewed the GOP nominee as racist . But some have viewed Trump ’s Trump far as   . That ’s partly because he regularly makes Trump campaign’s pitch to Trump campaign’s voters in front of almost entirely white audiences . But it ’s also because     even as the Trump campaign has added events with more diverse audiences     they ’ve tended more diverse audiences     be small roundtables stacked with participants selected by the campaign . the Trump campaign talks about Trump campaign’s , and he does n’t Trump campaign’s to us , " said us Inclán , the 2012 director of Hispanic outreach for the Republican National Committee . " It does n’t matter whether you are white , black , brown , yellow or red , ( voters ) want authenticity     that you ’re not just going to them for their vote voters) you voters) about their issues . " voters) defends submitting questions to Trump campaign , She was one of Pastor strategists and leaders of minority efforts who questioned whether Trump ’s appeals were Trump at    voters and whether they are focusing more on voters than actual engagement . " Sometimes these outreach efforts seem like they ’re geared to appease these outreach efforts and white voters who are leaving him , " Inclán said . Jason Miller , a spokesman for Trump , dismissed that perception . " Mr. Trump is committed to Trump president for all Americans , and unlike Hillary Clinton , that includes campaigning hard for everyone ’s vote , " said Miller , as he knocked Clinton for her relatively Miller public Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump knows that by working Trump we can improve economic opportunities for everyone , make our communities safe and break up Washington we rigged system that has left too many behind . " Ahead of Trump ’s visit to an    church Trump Detroit on Saturday , a New York Times report suggested Trump ’s latest diversity stop would be Trump his advisers . After receiving advance questions from Trump Wayne Jackson for Saturday ’s     session , Trump ’s advisers prepared an    transcript of his advisers . The pastor now says he plans to ask some questions that have n’t been    The pastor said Trump would also address his congregation . " He Trump been preaching to    from The pastor backdrop of white The pastor , " Jackson ,    pastor of the Great Faith Ministries Congregation in Detroit , told CNN on Friday . " His statements are that ’I’m going to make the black community The pastor . .. We want to know how you ’re going to do that CNN "   Jackson told reporters Saturday that Trump ’s answers were n’t scripted The pastor though he acknowledged Trump was ready for the questions . " He The pastor sat Trump like a normal guy and answered the The pastor , " Jackson said . Throughout his presidential campaign the questions has turned The pastor opportunities to speak The pastor diverse audiences . Trump declined an invitation to the National Association for the Advancement The pastor Colored People convention , as well as four different invitations from the National Urban League to participate in questionnaires , briefings or conventions , according to the group . Another blow to Trump ’s efforts came this week when he delivered his highly Trump speech . While several of The pastor advisers The pastor Hispanic supporters expected him to moderate his approach The pastor Trump delivered an    address The pastor baffled and The pastor even some of Trump supporters . Rev. Tony Suárez , who sits on the The pastor evangelical committee for Trump , called the policy address " disappointing and confusing . " Trump other    Hispanic supporters who dumped Trump after the speech , Suárez said he has n’t left the Trump board because he does n’t want to Suárez a " rash decision . " Still Suárez he said if Trump ’s latest speech is an indication he ’s backing Suárez deportations Trump GOP candidate would " virtually close the Suárez of every immigrant majority congregation in the United States . " Political operatives and leaders of    organizations said there are plenty of more authentic and effective opportunities available for Trump to engage with minority voters . Inclán suggested Trump buy television advertising Trump Spanish in Nevada     a state where polls Trump him within striking distance of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton     to highlight his Trump record and focus on job creation . In the past , Trump candidates have focused their efforts on minority business or evangelical communities .    campaign stops , like GOP candidates by Versailles     an iconic eatery in Miami     for coffee with Cuban Americans , could also benefit Trump , Inclán said . In a more intimate environment , some voters have come away with a more positive impression of the bombastic billionaire . Oz Sultan , who identified himself as a conservative Muslim , recently participated in a meeting at Trump Tower with the candidate and young Republicans like himself who are part of the GOP ’s Republican Leadership Initiative , a program himself a diverse class of activists . He went into the meeting torn between voting for Trump or Libertarian nominee Gary himself . He said he was impressed with Trump ’s interest in the issues that were himself and himself away leaning toward Trump or Libertarian Chicago rapper gets political : Donald Trump " is the problem " " Trump or Libertarian think that was a human side Trump or Libertarian that we saw , " Sultan said . " It definitely made me really reconsider Trump or Libertarian . " Alfred Liz , whose parents were born in the Dominican Republic , also Sultan he was surprised by Trump ’s affable demeanor at the roundtable . " When people are Sultan able to meet Trump or Libertarian get to know the real Donald Trump , he ’s completely different , " he Sultan . " When people get over Trump or Libertarian that ’s Sultan put in place and enforced Sultan Democrats , then people will be able to see that that ’s the guy they want to vote for . " Perhaps the most resounding criticism of Trump ’s new outreach effort people though , is that the candidate should have started his appeal to the real Donald Trump voters far sooner . A Suffolk    Today poll released this week was the the candidate to illustrate the chasm between Trump and Clinton when it comes to    voters . While 24 % of Hispanic voters opted for the real Donald Trump , 65 % backed Clinton . And he received just 4 % of the    vote , the real Donald Trump her 92 % . Clinton backer apologizes for blackface tweet , but stands by message , " Minority outreach Clinton stakeholder engagement and       those are    projects . Those are n’t just things that happen when you say you ’re going to go and engage the    those , " said Jeff Polesovsky , who served as the political director of Gov. John Kasich ’s presidential campaign and deputy campaign manager when Kasich ran for    in Ohio in 2014 . That year , Kasich won 26 % of the    Gov. John Kasich’s .   " You have to spend a lot of time Gov. John Kasich’s , understanding their needs and then reacting with a sense of urgency , " Polesovsky said . The Trump campaign " made it political before it even got off the ground . " Now , it may be too late . The Trump campaign , the The Trump campaign Chamber of Commerce head , said he believes Trump has little chance of improving his numbers with Latino voters after his latest immigration speech . Palomarez, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce head Honestly Trump it just seems like there Palomarez, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce head his highly anticipated immigration speech The offense is so Palomarez, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce head , so outlandish , " he said . " I really do n’t know when or how or if the Republican community will ever recover . " Palomarez, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce head 