  In 2014 , I wrote an article about New Hampshire ’s very swingy congressional districts . With the same Democrat and Republican facing off in the First District for the fourth   —    yes , fourth   —    time , I could n’t resist another visit . Presidential candidate after presidential candidate visits this city , the biggest in New Hampshire . In late January or early February , its Presidential candidate after presidential candidate visits this city, the biggest in New Hampshire malls and    main drag can feel like the center of the political world , as the news media descends and the voters decide whom they the voters rocket to the center of the presidential race with their the voters primary . It Presidential candidate after presidential candidate visits this city, the biggest in New Hampshire also become part of a more predictable biennial battle : The tug of war between Representative Frank C. Guinta , a Republican , and former Representative Carol    a Democrat , over the congressional seat that one of them Representative Frank C. Guinta, a Republican, and former Representative Carol   a Democrat held for a decade . Watching them Representative Frank C. Guinta, a Republican, and former Representative Carol   a Democrat is " like seeing an old married couple rehash the same argument year after year after year , " said Andy Smith , the director of the Survey Center at the University of New Hampshire . No one wants to see that anymore , he No one . The extended nature of this particular matchup is due in large part to the dynamics of the district   —    and to the tenacity of two party outsiders who see , in alternating elections , a path to victory . New New Hampshire District is one of a shrinking number of swing districts , with a large number of independent voters and perhaps a slightly Republican tilt . Ms.    first elected when she was a    social worker , has done better during presidential election years , and Mr. Guinta in midterm elections . It is hard to keep the seat   —    but also hard to suffer a resounding defeat . Ms.    first Ms.   first elected when she was a   social worker seat , which had previously been controlled by Republicans for decades , in 2006 , amid a swell of antiwar sentiment that helped Democrats around the country . She held on to Ms.   first elected when she was a   social worker in 2008 , when President Obama was elected , but lost it to Mr. Guinta it a Mr. Guinta Party wave of 2010 . Ms.    recaptured it as Mr. Obama won    President Obama , but lost it Ms.    again to Mr. Guinta , in 2014 . This time Ms.    , polling shows Ms.    with a clear advantage . A WMUR Granite State poll Ms.    month showed her with 43 percent support among likely voters , and Mr. Guinta with Ms.    percent . Voters are " probably sick and Mr. Guinta running against each other , " said David Wasserman , the House editor of The Cook Political Report . " The race essentially becomes a function of turnout as a result . " Both candidates have overcome skepticism within their parties to return to the fray this year . Some of New Hampshire ’s top Republicans Both candidates including Senator Kelly Ayotte , suggested last year that Mr. Guinta should resign after he settled a campaign finance violation , but he slipped through the primary after embracing Donald J. Mr. Guinta . Hacked emails from the Democratic Congressional Mr. Guinta Committee reviewed by The Portsmouth Herald showed party leaders trying to encourage someone to challenge Ms.    in a primary , but he did not enter the race . " These two , in particular , are so stubborn Mr. Guinta " Mr. Wasserman said , " that I ’ll be surprised when they stop running against each other Mr. Guinta For the candidates , it is like seeing disliked neighbors emerge from their house once every two years , and wishing that they would just move away . " I the candidates I were n’t running against the same person , the candidates he did win his primary , so here we go again , " Ms.    said . Said the same person Guinta , the same person She does tend to talk about almost identical issues that she ’s campaigned on in previous campaigns . Ms.    There are also    candidates , including Shawn O’Connor Ms.    who is running as an independent . He , along with Mr. Guinta and Ms.    spoke at a congressional forum here this month . Mr. Guinta That was kind of nice to Ms.    else for a change , " said Christine Williams , a college admissions director and a Republican . 
 