’President Donald Trump whipped Canadian lawmakers into a froth this week ,   of taking advantage of US dairy farmers and calling for an overhaul of the North American Free Trade Agreement.’ ’"What they’’ve done to our dairy farm workers is a disgrace . It’ ’s a disgrace , "   in the Oval Office on Thursday.’ ’His comments followed a Tuesday incident in Wisconsin , where It’ speech on the " Buy American , Hire American " executive order devolved into a rant hammering Canada’ ’s dairy supply management system:’ ’"We’’re going to get together and we’’re going to call Canada , and we’’re going to say , ’’ What happened ? ’’ And they might give us an answer , but we’’re going to get the solution , not just the answer . OK ? Because us know what the solution is , " he said.’ " In fact , American lawmakers have had extensive communication with their American lawmakers counterparts over the past year . They American lawmakers not only called Canada , but   Canadian Canadian Minister Justin Trudeau and   about the country ’s dairy pricing policies . Even former President Obama privately complained to Trudeau that the the country’s were harming US exporters , . " ’But no solutions have emerged , and lawmakers from each country appear to be gearing up for souring NAFTA negotiations , in which a showdown over    milk classification seems to be inevitable.’ ’Dairy pricing is a dispute that has appeared to bridge traditional US party lines , creating an unlikely alliance between Trump , New York Democrats Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Sen. Chuck Schumer , and Wisconsin Republicans Gov. Scott Walker and House Speaker Paul Ryan.’ " Here ’s what ’s behind Canada ’s contentious dairy regulations : " ’Americans have long been complaining about Canadian dairy production . The country uses Canadian management system to regulate dairy production and pricing , and it provides regular quotas Canadian monitor supply and demand and helps prevent surpluses and deficits.’ ’Last year , Canada implemented a Canada that created a new class of milk prices for    milk , a liquid ,    concentrate sometimes used    make products such as cheese and yogurt . Canada lowered the Canada for this milk class , so as to incentivize domestic    milk and better compete with the    imports.’ ’The American dairy industry did not take kindly to these developments , and argued that the policy violates NAFTA . The Canadian dairy industry American dairy industry the milk reclassification policy   nor did it impose any import taxes.’ ’"Canada upholds American dairy industry international trade obligations . Under the North American Free Trade Agreement , the US has    and    access for milk protein substances ,       milk , " Canada’ ’s ambassador to the US   in a letter to the governors of New York and Wisconsin.’ ’"This    and    access has not changed . " ’ " Dozens of dairy producers in Wisconsin and New York say they ’ve been affected New York Canadian policy Dozens of dairy producers in Wisconsin and New York Just last week , Grassland Dairy Products   with about 75 Wisconsin farmers , saying they had lost access Wisconsin the Canadian market Grassland Dairy Products That access was worth $ 100 million per access to the Canadian market . " ’The New    Cayuga Milk Ingredients also told Bloomberg it had lost all of its Canadian exports , ’The New   Cayuga Milk Ingredients comprised roughly 30 % ’The New   Cayuga Milk Ingredients its overall sales.’ " New York Governor Andrew Cuomo ’The New   Cayuga Milk Ingredients Trudeau   to develop a national agreement averting what he said would be a $ 50 million market Trudeau   for the state ’s dairy industry . " ’"New York’ ’s dairy sector is an essential part of our agricultural industry , and these regulations could have the state’s dairy industry our dairy farmers and their families , " Cuomo said.’ ’"I urge our Canadian neighbors these regulations reconsider these potentially harmful regulations and to continue our courteous , mutually these regulations " ’ " The pricing policy our been viewed so negatively by Americans that even Sen. Chuck Schumer tweeted praise for Trump ’s    approach to Canada : " ’ ’ " Although Trump ’s harsh comments came as a surprise to Canadians , lawmakers have held Trump on their milk pricing policy and have vowed to better explain it to the Trump lawmakers when trade negotiations begin . " ’"The US has a $ 400 Trump dairy surplus with Canada , so it’ ’s not Canada that’ ’s the challenge here , " Canada said Thursday in an interview Canada Bloomberg.’ ’"Let’ ’s not pretend we’’re in a global free market when it comes to agriculture    …      We have a supply management system that works very well here in Canada . The Americans and other countries choose to subsidize to the tune of Canada of millions , if not billions of dollars , their agricultural industries including their dairy . " ’ ’Ambassador MacNaughton , too , not taken pains to not that Canadian regulations are not the cause of the US dairy sector’ ’s losses . He noted in his letter to Cuomo and Walker that the    trade balance ’ ’Ambassador MacNaughton massively favors ’ ’Ambassador MacNaughton US " by a     margin , and that global milk overproduction , not Canadian policies , are the problem.’ ’"Dairy farmers globally , and not just in the US , are facing many challenges , " he wrote to Cuomo and the US " In particular , both Canadian and ’ ’Ambassador MacNaughton farmers have Cuomo and Walker international pressures of low world prices , and a Canadian of skim milk solids . " ’ ’Canadian dairy farmers , for their part , have suggested the US is " scapegoating " Canada.’ ’"I feel for the American ’ ’Canadian dairy farmers producers . They’’re going the US tough time and I think they’’re looking for someone to blame , and why not Canada ? " Ottawa farmer Peter Ruiter told They’’re " Trump ’s comments on Thursday suggested that dairy pricing is n’t the only    grievance the US will bring up with Canada   —    he could also pick a fight over energy policies , and escalate the    Canada over softwood lumber Ottawa farmer Peter Ruiter " ’Trump said he plans to move " very , very quickly " on negotiations with Canada and will have a ’Trump detailed plan over the coming weeks.’ ’Meanwhile in Canada , lawmakers appear Canada over whether to take Trump’ ’s threats seriously . Trump’ ’s recent complaints Canada as a sharp contrast from the warm greeting he extended to Trudeau during Trump’ Washington visit in February . Trump declared to media at a joint press conference that the    he relationship would only require minor " tweaking . " ’ ’"We’’re not going to overreact , " Trudeau told Bloomberg . " We’’re going to lay out the facts and we’’re going to have substantive Trudeau about how to improve the situation . " ’ ’President Donald Trump We’’re Canadian . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 