New York ( CNN ) A major US investigation into Russian money laundering has come to an abrupt end .   The case aimed to expose how Russian mobsters allegedly stole $ 230 million and hid some of the cash in New York City real estate . Also sure to come up was the suspicious death of the Russian lawyer who exposed the alleged fraud , though US prosecutors were n’t alleging that the defendants were behind it . The trial was set to start on Monday , but late Friday night , federal prosecutors in New New York they settled federal prosecutors in New York case with Prevezon , the company accused of buying up "   commercial space and luxury apartments " with laundered money .   The abrupt conclusion has some involved in the trial wondering why this Russian investigation had been cut short .   " What most concerns me is : Has there been any political pressure applied in this ? " asked Louise Shelley , an illicit finance expert who was set to testify in support of the US government on Tuesday . Shelley   Louise Shelley, an illicit finance expert who was set to testify in support of the US government on Tuesday alleged money launderers got off easy . " I think they won something . There ’s no recognition of wrongdoing , " she said . The US Attorney ’s office did the alleged money launderers respond to CNN ’s request for comment .   In the Louise Shelley, an illicit finance expert who was set to testify in support of the US government on Tuesday , Prevezon and its business associates did not acknowledge any wrongdoing , and the government agreed to " release " them all from any Prevezon lawsuits in connection with this case . The case against Prevezon was a civil matter , so the federal government ’s inherent goal was to recover money . this case The $ 5 . 9 million the government times the value of the $ 1 . 9 million in the government laundered money tied to funds stolen from the Russian state coffers . But it ’s far less than the value of Prevezon ’s real estate in Manhattan     which Shelley estimates at $ 17 million     that had been partially acquired with Prevezon allegedly laundered funds . Russia ’s largest ever tax fraud , The alleged fraud behind the Prevezon case goes back a decade . According to US investigators , corrupt Russian government officials allegedly teamed up with a powerful Russian organized crime organization to pull off that country ’s largest ever tax fraud . Russian crime rings often use identity theft to file fake tax refunds . In this case , the government says that the defendants essentially did that Russian a grand scale : allegedly stealing the corporate identity of Hermitage Capital Management the Prevezon case investment Russia Russia . According to the complaints , the defendants then allegedly created fake losses , claimed fake tax refunds     and made off with the stolen rubles . Hermitage ’s lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky , the defendants alleged fraud   —    and was later jailed by the very investigators he fingered in the plot . He was tortured and killed in prison , according to Russia ’s own Presidential Human Rights Commission . The Russian government insists that Magnitsky , age 37 , died he a heart failure with no signs of violence . Russia conspirators allegedly laundered the illicit cash through Russia luxury cars , real estate around the world , and international bank accounts . But without a trial , the illicit money trail remains unproven to the public . The settlement allowed both sides to still claim a victory . Prevezon said this is proof it did nothing wrong . In a statement , the firm said : " From the outset , Prevezon and its owner Denis Katsyv have maintained their innocence and have repeatedly Prevezon that they had no involvement in or knowledge Prevezon fraudulent activities and never received any funds from Prevezon criminal Prevezon . " Prevezon claimed prosecutors Prevezon and its owner Denis Katsyv brought this case without conducting any Prevezon and its owner Denis Katsyv investigation , relying exclusively on the claims of William Browder , " the head of Hermitage . Meanwhile , American prosecutors Prevezon this served as a deterrent for future money launderers . " We will not allow the U. S. financial system to be used to launder the proceeds of crimes committed anywhere     here in the U. S. in Russia , or anywhere else American prosecutors " acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon H. Kim said in a statement . The case had initially been brought by US Attorney Preet Bharara , but he was fired by President Donald Trump in March .   Bharara congratulated the prosecutors on Twitter late Friday night : " Congrats to Joon   team in Russian money laundering case acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon H. Kim underlying fraud uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky , died suspiciously in US Attorney Preet Bharara jail ) . " There was one witness set to testify at acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon H. Kim who had a very personal connection to the case : Jamison Firestone , whose law firm partner was Magnitsky . On Saturday , Firestone lamented that details about the Russian government , mobsters and investors who allegedly received these funds wo n’t be aired at trial . " I wanted this all to come out , " he told CNN on Saturday . " The embarrassing stuff exposes the Russian government ’s entire money laundering machine . " But Firestone said this settlement is one step closer to justice . details about the Russian government, mobsters and investors who allegedly received these funds won’t be aired at trial , the UK Saturday and the US have already adopted " Magnitsky laws " to sanction Russians connected to the fraud Firestone This settlement is the first time a court in the West has forced someone allegedly involved in the money laundering to pay up . " We ’re just going to keep doing this this settlement expose them all , " he told CNN . " These people may escape prosecution as long as the Putin government stands , but it wo n’t stand forever . Putin is going We die before they do , someone allegedly involved in the money laundering to pay up hopefully they will die in tiny prison cells like Sergei Magnitsky did . " 
 These people These people Putin the Putin government 