Philadelphia ( CNN ) As Hillary Clinton playfully batted away an avalanche of balloons Thursday night , Hillary Clinton appeared proud , happy and reconciled to Hillary Clinton historic moment . Hillary Clinton had accepted the Democratic nomination with " humility , determination and boundless confidence in America ’s promise , " taking Hillary Clinton place as the first woman to lead a major presidential ticket on a night pulsating with emotion . " When there are no ceilings , " Hillary Clinton declared , " the sky ’s the limit . " Hillary Clinton speech lacked the poetic sweep of the President Barack Obama ’s address Wednesday , but it was in keeping with someone who presents Hillary Clinton as a practical , dogged ,    striver who gets knocked down and then gets straight back up .   The choice Hillary Clinton defined for the nation in 2016 is stark : a " moment of reckoning . " The former first lady , senator and secretary of state set Hillary Clinton sights on the White House and blasted Republican nominee Donald Trump , portraying Republican nominee Donald Trump as a small man who got rich by stifling workers , who peddles fear and who lacks the temperament to be    . Hillary Clinton quickly reached out to disappointed Bernie Sanders voters at the end of a convention dedicated to healing the deep rift from Bernie Sanders voters contentious primary race . With the Vermont senator watching from the arena , Clinton told Clinton supporters : " I ’ve heard you . Your cause is our cause . " Clinton embraces role in her Clinton ’s campaign , President Barack Obama congratulated Clinton Clinton the conclusion of her Clinton . " Great her speech " he Clinton . " She Clinton tested . She Clinton ready . She Clinton quits . That ’s why Hillary Clinton be our next @POTUS . ( She Clinton get the Twitter handle , too ) " In the audience , Clinton Clinton were moved to tears , including     Victoria Sanchez . " This is more than I ever could have imagined , " she Clinton . " I know that I have just lived history and I can follow in her Clinton . This changes my entire life . "   After a lifetime in a polarizing political spotlight that has left her Clinton plenty of enemies and dented approval ratings , Clinton Clinton out to prove to voters that she Clinton be trusted .   Dedicated fighter , She Clinton any show of contrition for controversies like the one over the private email server she Clinton for official business while secretary of state that has again provoked questions about her Clinton and integrity among many voters .   Instead , she Clinton herself Clinton a dedicated and indefatigable fighter for children , the disabled ,    workers , women and the poor , while promising a backbone of steel as she Clinton to take out ISIS . Throughout a speech punctuated by roars of applause and watched by a    former President Bill Clinton , she Clinton returned to attack Trump     who laid out a much darker vision of America ’s future at his own Trump     last week . " Do n’t let anyone tell you we do n’t have what it takes , " Clinton said a   former President Bill Clinton " Most of all , do n’t believe anyone who says : ’I alone can fix it,’ " a reference to a part of Trump ’s Trump     last week .   Teddy Roosevelt is in the arena at the DNC , " Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart , " she said . Teddy Roosevelt Bonds of trust and respect are fraying . It truly is up to us . We us to us whether we all will work together so we all can rise together . " Turning to national security , Clinton warned that a president has to make decisions about war and peace , life and death . " Ask yourself : Do you really think Donald Trump has the temperament to be commander in chief ? Donald Trump ca Donald Trump handle the     of a presidential campaign . "   She added : " Donald Trump man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons . " Trump hit back     Donald Trump a series of tweets . " No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton    corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes Hillary Clinton " Hillary Clinton wrote . " Donald Trump ’s wars in Hillary Clinton Middle East have unleashed destruction , terrorism and ISIS across the world . " Stephen Miller , Trump ’s senior policy adviser , blasted Clinton ’s speech as Hillary Clinton " insulting collection of cliches and recycled rhetoric . " " She spent the evening Hillary Clinton down to the American people she ’s looked down Hillary Clinton her whole life , Hillary Clinton he said . Persuading Stephen Miller, Trump’s senior policy adviser , But Clinton is working to Hillary Clinton Americans that she understands Americans frustration Hillary Clinton economic Americans at a time when many of them still do not Americans her . Her    Hillary Clinton address Hillary Clinton especially crucial because she has not so Hillary Clinton generated the kind of passion among her supporters that Trump Hillary Clinton garnered from his backers by channeling Trump about the direction of the country . She spoke of her Hillary Clinton middle class Hillary Clinton and said her family were builders Hillary Clinton the American dream and not people " with their name on big her family "     another dig at Trump .   Clinton Trump pains to reach out to white    workers , many of whom have been left behind by economic globalization and technological change and have been attracted by Trump ’s    message Trump " Right now , an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work they do , " people said , and Clinton that politicians had not done a good enough job of showing they understand . One politicians the major themes of the Democratic convention has been an attempt to reintroduce one of the most famous women in the world to the American people . And she admitted that if Clinton Americans knew little of the woman behind the image , it may be her fault . " Clinton truth is , through all these years of public service , the ’service’ part has always come easier to me than the ’public’ part , " Clinton said .   Clinton also indicated she Clinton the need Clinton reassure Americans shaken by a violent summer at home and an epidemic of terror attacks in Europe and the US . While Clinton and Obama have Clinton that ISIS is on the run , the economy is on the upswing , and Americans are safer than they have been in Americans , they are struggling to Americans the dark image that Trump has painted of a nation in decline , chaos and disorder that resonates with many voters . National security threats , Amid charges by Republicans that the optimistic mood of the Democratic convention has ignored the threat from ISIS and terrorism , Clinton was specific about the global national security threats that loom     though she did n’t use Clinton term Islamic terrorism as the GOP repeatedly has called for . " Anyone reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face , " Clinton said . " Clinton Baghdad to Kabul , to Nice to Paris and Brussels . From San Bernardino to Orlando , we ’re dealing with determined enemies who must be defeated . No wonder people are anxious and looking for reassurance     looking for steady leadership . " Following a spate of killings by police of    youths and massacres of police officers , Clinton laid out a firm stance on gun control , vowing that America should not have a president in the " pocket " of the gun lobby . " I ’m not here to take away your guns , " she said . " Clinton just do n’t want you to be shot by someone who should n’t have a gun in the first place . " Ahead of her speech , retired Clinton star General John Allen , the former head of US and international forces in Afghanistan , delivered a powerful address in which he told delegates that Clinton would be " exactly the     America needs . "   ’America will continue to lead’ " With her as our     Clinton will continue to America this volatile world . We will oppose and our    America tyranny and we will defeat evil our    America America will defeat ISIS America protect the homeland , " said Allen , who was surrounded on stage by 37 military veterans . Clinton delivered her speech at the Clinton of a largely successful convention , which helped mend the party after her divisive primary against Clinton . The mood on the convention floor Thursday was festive and upbeat   —    in contrast to the discontent that festered on the opening night Monday when    Sanders fans loudly make their disappointment known . Sanders fans Herring of Walton County , Florida , was a Sanders supporter but has   Sanders this week to work hard to elect Clinton . " Is Clinton hard ? Yes . I loved Bernie , but that ’s why I have to vote for Hillary , " said Hillary Clinton , who made signs reading " He has my heart Bernie but she has my vote Hillary Clinton " 
 