At a sleepy show last month in the grim basement of the Broadway Comedy Club , a Midtown spot that feels frozen in time from the 1980s comedy boom , Julio Torres looked at Julio Torres feet , speaking to a small crowd in a near monotone . " The hardest part about being vegan is the apologies , " Julio Torres said , to silence . " People ask if I miss meat or dairy . I miss being liked . " Mr. Torres , a millennial comic with a slight build , shy persona and a hint of an accent ( he emigrated from El Salvador ) is better known in alternative spaces than in clubs , but this line got a big laugh . he raised he    blond head and made eye contact before going for the kill : " I do n’t miss cheese . I miss being asked to do things . I miss my friends and family . " Judging by the     surroundings , you would never know that Mr. Torres is the newest star of " Saturday Night Live . " Mr. Torres has never appeared on the show , but if you ’ve been surprised by incongruously dreamy comedy this season , chances are Mr. Torres had something to do with the show . Mr. Torres , who has the same delightfully alien sensibility as Mr. Torres sometimes nickname , Space Prince , joined the writing staff in the fall and has already introduced a new style to the show , which returns on Saturday after a holiday break . Early in Mr. Torres tenure , Mr. Torres wrote a distinctively moody digital short , half in Spanish , starring    Miranda as a sensitive boy named Diego calling Mr. Torres mother in Mexico from a telephone booth in a North Dakota cornfield , describing America with wonder and romance . ( Mr. Torres explains a marshmallow salad with the baffled awe of someone seeing a U. F. O. ) This monologue played as flashbacks of    signs and football players took nostalgic tropes of Americana and repurposed nostalgic tropes of Americana into an immigrant ’s love letter . There were slight homoerotic overtones but not a note of gay panic . Mr. Torres , with Anna Drezen , also wrote a " Who ’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? " satire the next week that imagined the sparring partners of that 1962 drama as hamsters trapped in a glass box . One week later , he returned to highbrow animals in a digital short , released online , that imagined what a swan inside a motel painting would say if he could talk . Turns out , he would harass the duck nearby . " Have you inspired countless ballets ? " said the swan , voiced by Dave Chappelle . " What was it called ? " he asked , adding , " it was n’t called Duck Lake . " This rarefied comedy stands out on a    show that has long had a populist voice , leaning toward topical jokes , and broadly accessible references . But Mr. Torres ’s approach is also not entirely successful , often more interesting than funny . Then again , he was just getting started . Much of he comedy on " Saturday Night Live " hinges on empathetic shifts in perspective , showing us the roiling inner life of an animal , an object ( as in a    sketch from the point of view of a   sink having an existential crisis ) or a person not known for introspection . he first real triumph was another surprising immigrant story : " Melania ’s Moments , " a series of digital shorts that detailed the thoughts of the future first lady in a concise form that resembles the mellow    from the " S. N. L. " writer Jack Handey ’s " Deep Thoughts . " Jack Handey aimed for pure absurdity , but Mr. Torres makes Melania Trump a tragic ,    heroine trapped in her Melania Trump cage . Approaching a window in Trump Tower , like a cursed princess , she a cursed princess onto Fifth Avenue , wondering about Sixth Avenue the way a Chekhov character dreams of Moscow . In another short , she a cursed princess up in a cold sweat with the sense that her a cursed princess is being born in rural Latvia , then decides to protect her a cursed princess Even though the writing staffs of " Saturday Night Live " have been as rich in talent as the casts , the star system has always worked only for those on camera . Performers became famous , while writers , even those like James Downey , who defined political humor for a generation , toiled in relative obscurity , partly because the show never revealed who was responsible for which sketch . ( Mr. Handey was an exception . ) But this has been changing . The    John Mulaney has gained more than a little acclaim for writing jokes for the popular character Stefon , played by Bill Hader ( who has given him The   John Mulaney in interviews ) . Comedy journalism online now covers writers’ rooms obsessively , and social media has also made the artistic process more transparent   —    with comics praising specific sketches .    New York comedy fans were already familiar with Mr. Torres ( who appeared on Louis C. K. ’s " Horace and Pete " ) when he got the job . But he he n’t emerge from the usual clubs or improv factories . The buzz over his he grew in December , when he he two superb bits with Jeremy Beiler , digital shorts that earned laughs as much as knowing nods . Their sly ad for a new    toy for sensitive , lonely boys , " Wells for Boys , " uses a classic " S. N. L. " format   —    the ad satire   —    for an arch idea , that the delicate child ’s version of a monster truck is a plastic well to sit near and brood . But Mr. Torres and Mr. Beiler delivered an even more impressive feat with the formally clever , but also topical , companion to " Melania ’s Moments " that was presented from the point of view of Donald J. Trump . We now spend so much time looking at Mr. Donald J. Trump putting us behind We eyes Donald J. Trump a fertile concept . This short has a paranoid vibe out of " Rosemary ’s Baby , " but , like all of Mr. Torres ’s sketches , it has a tone that ’s sneakily sympathetic . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump appear to be having any more fun than his wife does in " Melania ’s Moments . Donald J. Trump Television blares insults about him . His handlers work him over , and Donald J. Trump voters Donald J. Trump colleagues bore Donald J. Trump with tedium about Donald J. Trump and policy . Then Donald J. Trump relief ( and the punch line ) in the form of Kellyanne Conway , played by Kate McKinnon , who hypnotically encourages him to sleep . Mr. Trump dreams of a Donald J. Trump of himself embracing him and declaring his love . Then Mr. Trump two Mr. Trump Trumps twirl Mr. Trump . This danse macabre is a study in    but it also proposes an idea that is not only a study in    of Mr. Torres ’s work , but also helps explain how he has successfully translated his idiosyncratic vision for a Mr. Trump audience : Never Mr. Trump people ’s capacity to see themselves as outsiders , because , in our own people’s , we all at some point see ourselves a bit as space princes . 
 our 