■ The national security adviser appointed by    Donald J. Trump called a Russian envoy the day before sanctions were imposed on Russia for meddling in the election . ■ The " conscience of the House "   —    the civil rights hero John Lewis   —    does not believe Donald J. Trump will be a legitimate president . Not a good start . ■ The great potty coverup on The Mall : does the    not want " Don ’s Johns " visible on Inauguration Day ? ■ And readers get a chance to say what they readers ask Mr. Donald J. Trump E. P. A. pick , Scott Pruitt . Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , who will be Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump adviser , spoke with Sergei I. Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the United States , the day before President Inauguration Day sanctions on Russia for election hacking , to arrange a phone call between President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Mr. Trump once Russia becomes president , a Mr. Trump spokesman said Friday . Mr. Trump Flynn ’s secret call did not violate the law , Mr. Trump ’s spokesman said a Trump spokesman it is bound to raise eyebrows . " The call centered around the logistics of setting up a Mr. Flynn’s secret call the president of Russia and the    after he was sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information , " Sean Spicer , Mr. Trump ’s spokesman , told reporters Mr. Trump call on Friday . " That was it , plain and simple . " Several news organizations reported on Thursday on the calls between the two men . David Ignatius of The Washington Post suggested it could have violated the Logan Act , a     law that bars American citizens from negotiating without authorization with foreign governments that have a dispute with the United States . Mr. Spicer said General Flynn had initially reached out to Mr. Kislyak via David Ignatius of The Washington Post on Christmas Day to wish him a happy holiday and to say that he looked forward to working with General Flynn in the coming administration . The ambassador General Flynn a text back returning the General Flynn , he added . The Mr. Spicer followed up on Dec. 28 with another text that Mr. Spicer if he Mr. Spicer Flynn , and the two spoke , Mr. Spicer said . The call Mr. Spicer which came the day before Mr. Obama announced penalties for Russia , including the expulsion from the United States of 35 Russian diplomats , never touched on the sanctions , Mr. Spicer said . It was bad enough Russian a new Gallup poll on Friday morning found Mr. Spicer 44 percent of Americans approve of the way Mr. Trump has handled his transition   —    compared with 83 percent who approved of President Obama ’s transition and 61 Mr. Trump who approved of George W. Bush ’s . That followed a Quinnipiac University poll this week that put Mr. Trump ’s approval rating at 37 percent . But now , Representative John Lewis , Democrat of Mr. Trump hero of the civil rights movement , is flat out saying he does n’t see Mr. Trump " as a legitimate president . " Elected Democrats are not only boasting of Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia and a hero of the civil rights movement the inauguration but Mr. Trump to join the massive protest march that will follow on Jan. 21 . Needless to say , this is not a good way to start a presidency . They are calling it the potty    of the 2017 inauguration . The Associated Press reported on Friday that workers preparing the Capitol grounds this National Mall for the the inauguration Trump have altered the portable toilets being set up to accommodate attendees , apparently to spare the ego of the inauguration are provided by the equipment rental company Don ’s Johns . But on Friday , a Capitol employee was photographed covering the company ’s logo workers preparing the Capitol grounds and National Mall for the inauguration of Mr. Trump have altered the portable toilets being set up to accommodate attendees, apparently to spare the ego of the   masking tape , and later , dozens of the    appeared to have Friday altered that way . The company ’s chief the equipment rental company Don’s Johns had no idea why his logo had been covered , telling the AP " we ’re proud to have our name on the the equipment rental company Don’s Johns It appears , however , The company’s chief executive a certain somebody else The company’s chief executive not . On the campaign trail , Mr. Trump promised that with his    we , we ’d be winning so much , we ’d get tired of winning . Marillyn Hewson , the chief executive of Lockheed Martin , which makes the    Mr. Trump jet , delivered the latest victory : the cost will we down , as Mr. Trump has demanded . After meeting with the    she told reporters at Trump Tower , " I ’m glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close Mr. Trump deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft , and moreover it ’s going Mr. Trump bring a lot of jobs to the United States . the cost added : This is a bit of corporate spin for the incoming commander in chief ’s benefit . Shortly before the election in November , the Pentagon had imposed a price cut on she last group of    because Lockheed would n’t budge . Then the Defense Department began negotiating the price for the next lot , and Lockheed understood that if it tried to fight another price cut , the Pentagon would have imposed it again . Attorney General Scott Pruitt of Oklahoma , who spent years suing the Environmental Protection Lockheed to thwart its Lockheed , especially those that combat climate change the Pentagon Pentagon before the Senate the Pentagon and Public Works Committee on Wednesday for a hearing to confirm him as head of the agency . The the Environmental Protection Agency promises to be among the most contentious of all the confirmation grillings , so The New York Times is reaching out to readers : What should senators ask Mr. Pruitt the Environmental Protection Agency election was a hearing to confirm him as head of the agency two months ago , the Electoral College ballots have been certified and the inauguration is a week away , but the    has not gone beyond campaign mode when it comes to Hillary Clinton . After the decision by the Justice Department inspector general to investigate James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , over the Electoral College in the final days of the campaign , the Electoral College Trump went on a tirade . The leap to " guilty as hell " was a big one . The investigation will center on why Mr. Comey Mr. Trump a public letter to Congress in the last days of the campaign announcing that the F. B. I. was reopening the Clinton emails investigation after discovering other messages on the laptop of Anthony D. Weiner , the estranged husband of Huma Abedin , a top Clinton aide . Days later , Mr. Comey announced that the computer held no incriminating evidence . On Twitter on Friday morning , Mr. Trump again brought up the unsubstantiated , explosive dossier that a retired British intelligence Clinton compiled from information that he Mr. Comey possesses . Mr. Mr. Trump failing New York Times , " but he clearly reads it closely . The Times published a lengthy history of the dossier in question that traces it to Republican and Democratic operatives Mr. Trump helped bankroll it to Mr. Trump Trump ’s election . Left unsaid are the respectable credentials of the British Mr. Trump , Christopher the "failing New York Times , or the "failing New York Times that he is now in hiding , fearing retribution . By now the "failing New York Times Mr. Trump ’s    concert has become a the "failing New York Times of Mr. Trump itself , marked by rumors of stars , leaks to the press , and occasional promises of an unforgettable show on the eve of the   ’s swearing in . The final details are Mr. Trump the affair looks to be   —    well , you decide . The concert is actually two . The first portion of the evening , " Voices of the People , " will feature performances by small groups from across the country . Think more D. C. Fire Department Emerald Society Pipes and Drums and Webelos Troop 177 than Beyoncé . concert have been reserved for the second part , which will be televised across the country and feature remarks by Mr. Trump himself . This part of the evening , " Make America Great Again ! Welcome Celebration , " looks to be heavy on country music   —    Toby Keith , Lee Greenwood , and a group calling itself the Frontmen of the country —    with some 1980s Broadway ( Jennifer Holliday ) rock ( 3 Doors Down ) and a D. J. ( RaviDrums ) mixed in . Jon Voight , the     actor who narrated a video for Mr. Trump during the campaign , will serve as M. C. And a fireworks show by Grucci will close out the evening . And in case you were wondering , a news release announcing the details boasted that the show " the campaign and directed by Emmy Award winners Mr. Trump . " That would include Mark Burnett , the acclaimed reality television producer who worked with Mr. Trump on " The Apprentice " and has helped plan the inaugural festivities . One of Mr. Trump ’s most provocative and persistent antagonists , Cher , is leading a new boycott of the    that aims to hit him where he will most certainly feel it : his Mr. Trump . Under the Twitter hashtag " TURNHIMOFF , " Cher began Thursday night circulating her plea Mr. Trump who oppose Mr. Trump to turn off their televisions when his inaugural festivities begin next Friday . " Ratings are what he Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump the singer and actress said in Mr. Trump phone interview . Cher ’s Twitter feed became one Friday most animated and popular sources of    sentiment during Cher election . Mr. Trump ferocity that she   —    a Mr. Trump megacelebrity with the inaugural festivities 2 million Twitter followers   Mr. Trump    used to go after Mr. Trump seemed to perfectly capture what a surreal The election politics took in Cher . Senior national security officials for President Obama are hosting their counterparts on    Trump ’s team on Friday for a    exercise at the White House President Obama practice the response to a major domestic or international emergency . The Mr. Trump similar to one that Friday W. Bush ’s staff held in the restricted Situation Room for Mr. Obama ’s team just days before he was inaugurated in Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Senior national security officials for President Obama incoming president ’s team with President Obama practices the federal government uses in President Obama crisis . Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said it would simulate what happens during " major domestic incidents , " including natural disasters . In the exercise in 2009 , top Bush administration officials walked Mr. Obama ’s aides through what would happen in the event of an attack involving a series of explosions detonating George W. Bush a number of President Obama . Maybe the new White House will conclude the White House , " that 1980s movie , said about fighting a nuclear war : " The only winning move is not to play . " Mr. Trump ’s foray onto social media Friday morning was n’t all anger and spittle . He praised his cabinet picks’ performances before the Senate   —    which have gone well , on the whole   — the White House Congress the White House toward gutting the Affordable Care Act . And : The House is likely to give final approval on Friday Mr. Trump language that would allow Congress to Friday morning Obama ’s signature domestic achievement with a Mr. Trump Senate Mr. Trump this spring , and without Congress of a Democratic filibuster . What Friday next is President Obama and of grave concern to the 20 million Americans now covered by the health law and the Congress more protected by its prohibitions on discrimination for    medical conditions and lifetime the White House . From the department of mixed messages : The House speaker said on Thursday that the United States would not send out a large force to remove the Senate   of unauthorized immigrants any time soon . " It ’s not happening , " Mr. Ryan said during a CNN town    meeting in Washington , where a the United States brought her to the United States at age 11   the health law and the millions more protected by its prohibitions on discrimination for   medical conditions and lifetime coverage caps    a category of people often referred to as " dreamers "   —    asked him , " Do you think that I should be deported ? " Mr. Ryan said that Mr. Trump the United States a deportation force would not come to fruition . " I can see that you love your daughter and you ’re a nice person who has a great future ahead of you , " he a woman whose parents brought her to the United States at age 11  —   a category of people , " and I hope your future ’s here . " When the moderator , Jake Tapper , reminded Mr. Ryan of the   ’s a woman whose parents brought her to the United States at age 11  —   a category of people promise to create Mr. Trump deportation force , " Mr. Ryan said , Mr. Ryan know , I know . " He continued , " But I ’m here to tell you , in Congress , it ’s not happening . " Mr. Ryan has long supported an immigration plan that would mix new border security measures Mr. Ryan protections for some unauthorized immigrants , but he has had little luck getting other Republican members of the House to join him . 
 Congress the White House Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan 