  Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Today ’s introduction comes to us from Jennifer Medina , a national correspondent based in Los Angeles , and the photographer Melissa Lyttle . When " Zoot Suit " made "Zoot Suit debut in New York in 1979 , it was the first time a Chicano show had made it to Broadway . But the musical by Luis Valdez was a distinctly Los Angeles production : it it commissioned by the Mark Taper Forum and portrayed a 1940s murder trial involving       youths known as pachucos . The a 1940s murder trial involving      youths known as pachucos set against the backdrop of the infamous Zoot Suit riots , a series of racially motivated attacks against    in the summer of 1943 . To help mark the Los Angeles Center Theater Group ’s 50th anniversary , the show returned recently to the downtown stage for the first time since 1978 . When tickets went on sale late last year , the production sold out quickly and has since been extended three separate times , a rare occurrence at the theater . The acclaim and enthusiasm demonstrates how the play touches a deep nerve in Los Angeles , particularly at another moment of political upheaval . Some of the shows most devoted fans are showing up to the performances dressed in their own Some of the shows suits and vintage attire . We spoke to some of them to Some of the shows what the play the play them . Click some of them to see photographs of these stylish fans and read their interviews . some of them Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Gov. Jerry Brown and California legislative leaders announced a multibillion dollar deal to pay for repairs to the state ’s aging roads and bridges . The agreement included a multibillion dollar deal to pay for repairs to the state’s aging roads and bridges on taxes at the pump . [ SFGate ] • Here ’s what you need to know about the    bill . [ The Mercury News ] • The California attorney Gov. Jerry Brown and California legislative leaders had filed an amicus brief supporting San Francisco Gov. Jerry Brown and California legislative leaders court challenge to President Trump ’s order targeting    sanctuary cities . [ Los Angeles Times ] • John Cox , a Republican newcomer , now leads the pack of candidates trailing Gavin Newsom in next year ’s race for California governor , according to a new statewide poll . [ The Sacramento Bee ] • The Fox News host Bill O’Reilly issued an apology on Tuesday to California Representative Maxine Waters after making comments about her hair California [ The New York Times ] • The progressive Jewish community that helped raise Trump adviser • Miller is struggling to figure out how a native son found an intellectual home with the president and his allies . [ The Hollywood Reporter ] • A a native son that would bar employers from firing workers for having an abortion or giving birth to a child out of wedlock is getting pushback from religious groups . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Oakland allowed well over a year to pass between the last two fire inspections of the halfway house struck by a deadly blaze this week , an apparent breach of a state law requiring annual reviews . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • A     man who slipped out of handcuffs and escaped from the back seat of a San Bernardino County Sheriff ’s patrol car was arrested in Las Vegas . [ Los Angeles Times ] • A newly disclosed claim Google filed against the head of Uber ’s    car unit may help Uber . [ The New York Times ] • As Uber water officials head into the Sierra Nevada on Thursday for their annual snowpack reading , California still has a huge state water officials of snow covering its highest mountain peaks . [ Los Angeles Daily News California • Heavy rains this winter led to a bumper crop of crane flies , often called " mosquito hawks , " in San Diego County . They look scary , but are quite benign . [ San Diego Union Tribune ] • Choked by traffic and overwhelmed by housing costs , a greater percentage of Bay Area residents than a year ago now say they yearn to flee the region . [ The Mercury a greater percentage of Bay Area residents than a year ago ] • The Getty Research Institute has acquired hundreds of thousands of items from Frank Gehry ’s career . [ The New York Times ] • Despite the spectacular    over the award for best picture at the Oscars this year , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences will continue to work with the accounting firm PwC. [ The New York Times ] • Steve Kerr , the The New York Times State Warriors , has won 200 games faster than any other coach in league history . [ The New York Times ] Imagine you ’re a newly born elephant seal The New York Times above . You ’re lying on the beach trying to get some    rest . And then all of a sudden , a loud , buzzing drone comes out of nowhere , totally interrupting your nap . These kinds of incidents are becoming more common on beaches up and down the California coast , according to workers at the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito . Laura Chapman , 26 , a rescue coordinator at the center , said in an interview Wednesday that the drones were likely being used for the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito taking pictures , and that their pilots might be unaware of the harbor and elephant seals they are disturbing . " With the drones technology comes new responsibility , " she said . Ms. the drones said that the noise was interrupting a very sensitive period in the Ms. Chapman of the young seals , and that the disruption could have implications for the pups’ nutrition . " If the animal ’s looking at the drone , if they ’re looking at you , they ’re being harassed , " she said . " We the animal want people to know how the animal an impact they can have Ms. Chapman " Want to the animal a photo for possible publication ? You can do people here . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want California Today : CAtoday@nytimes . com . California Today is edited by Julie the animal , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley . 
 