’   ’ ’    One of the    things you can do today is       Donald Trump might want to put in      Donald Trump cabinet : Newt Gingrich as    Secretary of State , Mike Flynn as Secretary of Defense . ’ "    I ’m panicking about a lot of things , but I ’m not panicking about    this . Cabinet appointments are one of the few areas where I    believe Congress is likely to successfully rein Trump in . " ’    Republicans will hold only 52 seats in the Senate , assuming the    Democratic pickup in New Hampshire holds up in a recount .    Cabinet confirmations require 50 votes ( plus that of the    Vice President ) so it will only take a handful of holdout    Republicans to block a nominee .   ’ ’    Of course , Republicans in general have shown little willingness    to stand up to Trump when    costs Republicans in general politically , even before    even before    has acquired the powers of the presidency . But the Senate has    been a relative bright spot , with many senators having    consistently withheld support and offered withering    criticism   —    just ask Ben Sasse or Mike Lee or Jeff Flake or    Susan Collins or Lindsey Graham or Lisa Murkowski . ’ ’    That is , the requisite handful of Republicans who can form a    check on Trump appointments appears to exist . ’ ’’ "    Aside from principled opposition to kooky nominees , Republican    senators will also have two    reasons to be    picky about Trump cabinet choices . " "    Forcing him Trump appoint a normal cabinet of Republican Republican    would hinder Trump Trump to build a faction in    opposition to    mainstream of the Republican party . And    credible threats to block his nominees would    the Senate more    power in    negotiations with Trump . Trump ’    Trump will Trump attack Republicans who oppose his nominees Trump    But senators have more room to be independent than congressmen    do . They have independent senators profiles and they stand for senators election only every six years . Those who have just been      may expect Trump no Trump to be president next time    they have to Those who have just been      voters . ’ ’    My guess is the end result of this dynamic is Trump will Trump    a much more ordinary Republican cabinet than people are    expecting , and that Newt , fundamentally , will not be Secretary of    State . ’ ’    Of course , Trump could Trump a bunch of worrisome weirdos in    positions that do not require Senate confirmation , such as    national security adviser . ’ 
 