Top staffers in Hillary Clinton ’s nascent presidential campaign saw Vox founder Ezra Klein as an ally who would help Top staffers in Hillary Clinton " hold journalists accountable , " according to Wikileaks’ release of messages from John Podesta ’s purported email accounts . [ On March 23 , 2015 , several weeks before the official announcement of Hillary Clinton 2016 candidacy , Hillary Clinton staffers discussed how Clinton staffers could push back on a New York Times story discussing Hillary Clinton emails about the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya .   Cheryl Mills , senior adviser to former Secretary Clinton , wrote : " Lloyd Grove used to be the person who would hold journalist [ sic ] accountable   —    who is that now and is there an opportunity for that in real time today ? " Jennifer Palmieri , the campaign ’s director of communications , replied , " I think that person , the degree to which Jennifer Palmieri, the campaign’s director of communications exist , is Ezra Klein . And Jennifer Palmieri, the campaign’s director of communications can do it with Ezra Klein today . " Ezra Klein is the founder of Vox . com , a notoriously    blog platform that brands itself as a    " explanatory journalism " publisher . " We help you understand the news and the world around you , " a Vox Facebook bio promises . " That is to say , We end goal is n’t telling you what just happened , or how We feel about what just happened , our end goal ’s making sure you understand what just happened . We deliver a lot of contextual information that traditional news stories are n’t designed to carry . " No emails have yet surfaced showing direct correspondence between Klein and the Clinton campaign . However , Vox Facebook has clearly been compliant if not eager to attack reporters that run afoul of Hillary for America , per a quick search of Vox Facebook headlines over the election cycle : Confessions of a Clinton reporter : The media ’s 5 unspoken rules for covering Hillary   —    Jonathan Allen ,     The Clinton rules are at the heart of the New York Times ’s botched Hillary story   —    Jonathan Allen ,     Why The media will lift Trump up and tear Clinton down   —    David Roberts ,     Anthony Weiner ’s sexts are being treated like a campaign story   —    they should n’t be   —    Jeff Stein ,     The New York Times’ latest Clinton Foundation " scandal " may be the dumbest one yet   —    Matt Yglesias ,     There ’s a subtle sexism in asking excessive " questions " about Hillary Clinton ’s health   —    Emily Crockett ,     Why Glenn Greenwald relentlessly attacks Hillary Clinton   —    even if it helps Donald Trump   —    Jeff Stein ,     Yes , Clinton is part of a dynasty . That ’s usually how glass ceilings get shattered .   —    Zack Beauchamp ,     Topical ! Why WikiLeaks hates Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton   Beauchamp ,     And then this beauty from the man himself   …      UNDERSTANDING HILLARY : WHY THE CLINTON AMERICA Clinton ISN’T THE CLINTON COLLEAGUES Clinton   —    Ezra Klein ,    
 