Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : •    Donald J. Trump is continuing to build Donald J. Trump cabinet . Members of Donald J. Trump transition effort ’s economic and domestic policy teams are expected to begin meeting with agency officials today . Donald J. Trump has hinted strongly that James N. Mattis , a retired general who helped lead the 2003 invasion of Iraq , will be defense secretary . Here are the latest transition details . _ _ _ _ _ • Donald J. Trump ’s meetings with business leaders since his Donald J. Trump , including three Indian real estate executives last week , have raised questions over his Donald J. Trump of interests . The Indian business partners are building Trump Towers Pune , a luxury apartment complex south of Mumbai . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Donald J. Trump Twitter to rail at his satirists and Donald J. Trump in the entertainment industry . But Vice    Mike Pence said he was not Vice   Mike Pence when the cast of the Broadway smash " Hamilton " appealed to him from the Vice   Mike Pence to uphold the rights of a " diverse America . " Above , Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence attended Vice   Mike Pence Sunday . Our theater critic argues that airing dissent is part of the purpose of art . _ _ _ _ _ • World leaders are discussing trade and the incoming administration of Mr. Trump at the annual    Economic Cooperation summit meeting in Lima , Peru . The death of the    Trade Partnership is a triumph for China , which is embracing the possibility of an    trade deal that could include Russia . On the meeting ’s sidelines the annual   Economic Cooperation summit meeting in Lima, Peru Obama spoke with Russia ’s president , Vladimir Russia , about Syria , where the last few hospitals in the    area of Aleppo have been forced to stop providing care .. _ _ _ _ _ • South Korea ’s political crisis escalated sharply after prosecutors named   President Park    a " criminal suspect , " saying she acted as an accomplice to her longtime adviser in extorting tens she millions of dollars . Ms. Park is rejecting rivals’ calls President Park    down or be impeached , while supporters , including a former prime minister , are denouncing the case as a " witch hunt . " _ _ _ _ _ • Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany , widely seen as one of the last pillars of Western liberalism , will run for a fourth term . Ms. Merkel , 62 , faces strong challenges on the right and left , under the stresses of war in Syria , the arrival of large numbers of migrants and the euro crisis . _ _ _ _ _ • The execution of an impoverished farmer , above , for the murder of a village chief has infuriated many ordinary Chinese . The perception that it as yet another harsh punishment meted out to the poorest and weakest members of society is undermining President Xi Jinping ’s efforts to restore confidence in the courts . • India ’s economy is in chaos , as citizens scramble to spend , save or launder their " black money , " stashes citizens cash that are mostly in the large denominations Prime Minister Narendra Modi banned . • John Paulson , a hedge fund billionaire who has advised Mr. Trump , has taken an investment stake in Didi Chuxing , the Chinese    company that has backing from Alibaba Group and Apple . • The durian season is here , a month early . • Here ’s a snapshot of global • . • More than 100 people died in the derailment of India ’s    Express train , one of the country ’s worst train accidents in India [ The New York Times ] • A leader of Malaysia ’s reform movement , Maria Chin Abdullah , has become the first person to be detained under the country ’s controversial new security law , India she can be held for up to 28 days the first person to be detained under the country trial . [ Straits Times ]   • Tens of thousands of people joined weekend protests organized by Ms. Abdullah ’s group , Bersih , to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Najib Razak . [ The New York Times ] • President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines continued his harsh criticism of Western powers in his first President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines with his acknowledged hero , Vladimir President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines Putin . [ President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines Jazeera English ] • An annual conference in Washington gathered many white nationalists of the      movement . They celebrated Mr. Trump ’s election as elevating their many white nationalists of the     movement to preserve white culture . [ The many white nationalists of the     movement York Times ] • In China , a retired music professor is • groomed to be the country ’s Trump impersonator . [ The New York Times ] • The gangs [The New York Times] The New York Times are not sophisticated global cartels but mafias of the poor . [ The New York Times ] • The political climate in Taiwan has never [The New York Times] legalize    marriage The New York Times York Times ] • Tokyo ’s famous Tsukiji Fish Market is still in operation despite being , in the words of the former The New York Times move it , " too old , too small , too dirty and too dangerous . " [ South China Morning Post ] • Our Daily 360 : Goat yoga is a • . More than 600 people signed up to a waiting list before the first classes in near Portland , Ore. even started . • A stunning finish to the Macau Grand Prix : A Belgian driver , Laurens Vanthoor , emerged unscathed from a fiery , soaring wreck to find he had won the race upside down . • The Times asked 15 American families to show us the Thanksgiving holiday dishes that speak most eloquently about their heritage and traditions . Among them : Filipino bibingka , Dudhi kofta curry and Cantonese turkey . Let ’s start the week traveling the world using sports 15 American families nicknames as our passport . 15 American families N. F. L. ’s Detroit Lions will continue their long tradition of playing on Thanksgiving . Regal cats are n’t native to the Motor City , but the name was meant to inspire the team to The N. F. L. ’s Detroit Lions " the monarch of the league . " Dreams that the Midwest might one day be tropical may have inspired the team ’s use sports team Honolulu Blue shade for its jerseys . A more fitting nod to weather can be found at the University of Hawaii , where sports team sometimes called the Rainbow Warriors . The colorful phenomenon the Honolulu Blue appeared after a big football victory in 1923 . Battle imagery is also a popular and the names are n’t always menacing . The    Fighters honor the meatpacking company that owns the Japanese baseball club . In West Africa , Elephants ( Ivory Coast ) Sparrowhawks ( Togo ) and Squirrels ( Benin ) are some of the    nicknames that have been used to represent national soccer teams . Back in Asia , Bhutan ’s underdog squad has a fearsome moniker : the Dragon Boys . The mythical beast also appears on the national jersey for Wales . As for whales , they ’re rarely used in sports . But 100 years ago a baseball team called itself the Whales . Their home , like lions in Detroit , was also the Whales : the Whales . Sean Alfano contributed reporting .   _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may a baseball team out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 