Cleveland , Ohio ( CNN ) A split appears to be emerging among conservatives about who Donald Trump should choose as Donald Trump vice president , as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee prepares to announce the presumptive Republican presidential nominee running mate , according to conversations with several prominent Republicans . Members of the Council for National Policy     a powerful conservative organization     is meeting this week in Cleveland to discuss policy and political strategy ahead of the Republican National Convention . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus are among the speakers expected to address the gathering .   But a buzzing topic among attendees is who will Trump choose as Trump running mate and there seems to be a divide about who it should be . " Mike Pence would be fabulous , " as Trump running mate , said one attendee , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . " He walks with us . He He with us us He He one of us us " But Pence , the Indiana governor , is also viewed with suspicious eyes by some conservatives for agreeing to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) last year . Tony Perkins said that Pence Pence have been a good choice had he He amended RFRA in 2015 . " I think there would be a number of conservatives who would have problems . .. with religious liberty being such a critical issue , " Perkins said of Pence Pence Trump ’s vice presidential running mate in an interview Thursday .   " I am not saying there is not going to be any support , " for Pence Pence he his chosen as Trump ’s running mate , " but I am Trump it would not be optimal for him , " Perkins said . Perkins noted that he solid choice Perkins conservatives of Perkins stripes would be Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , who is said to be advising Trump on his vice presidential decision . Chris Christie Trump another Perkins nominee , is viewed skeptically by at least one prominent conservative , Ken Blackwell , who emailed more than 200 conservative leaders on Tuesday night with the subject line : " Christie is NOT a conservative ! "   " Chris Christie has been on the wrong side of a Chris Christie of key issues , " Blackwell wrote , referencing his record on Obamacare , taxes and judicial appointments Blackwell " We need to make it clear that a Christie nomination for vice president would be unacceptable to Chris Christie ! " Another attendee of this week ’s CNP meeting noted that Trump would be better served choosing Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker .   " I think Gingrich is the safest bet , " said the attendee , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , noting that Gingrich can play the role as chief critic of Gingrich Clinton as well as help Trump navigate Washington . Still Gingrich , who has Trump married three times , is not fully beloved by all conservatives . Perkins noted that Trump ’s selection of a running mate is critical Trump presumptive GOP nominee wants to secure the full backing of the conservative movement . " He has to hit a home run with his VP the presumptive GOP nominee . So far , he has made the presumptive GOP nominee the right moves , " said the presumptive GOP nominee , who praised Trump for releasing a list of names of judges he Trump nominate for a vacancy on the U. S. the presumptive GOP nominee Court as well as allowing social conservatives to help drive the discussion this week on the RNC platform . " I think if he makes the right pick , he will be on the presumptive GOP nominee way to solidifying conservative support the presumptive GOP nominee " Perkins said the presumptive GOP nominee " I have to say that he is winning me over     slowly I am coming the presumptive GOP nominee . " 
 