’   ’ ’    Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban hinted on Monday that Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban may    choose to seek the presidency in the future . ’ ’    " We will see , " Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban told Business Insider in an email . ’ ’    Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban was responding to a question that stemmed from Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban Sunday       with President Donald Trump ,   that Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban did not believe Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban was " smart enough " to    run for the nation’ ’s highest office . ’ ’    Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban   three tweets to President Donald Trump , initially    writing just " Lol . " In that string of tweets , the owner of the    NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank " posted a    pair of emails he sent to President Donald Trump . ’ ’    One of the emails made public by Cuban contained an interesting    line regarding    potential future candidacy , which has been    speculated on for years . In it , Cuban suggested    " may go after    that job someday and that job could be against [ President Donald Trump ] . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHow soon ’ ’ ’ ’ forget . ...   ’ ’    Cuban said Cuban in the 2016 presidential campaign that he was    considering a future White House bid , but he later    the idea    down several times . At the first presidential debate in late    September , Cuban said Cuban was " no possible way " he’’d run . ’ ’      " There’ ’s just no way , "   who became a prominent backer and surrogate for      Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . " And put up with that      shinola show ? Are you kidding me ? There’ ’s There’ no way that I      would put my family through that . Just no chance . "    ’ ’      Another interesting tidbit from the Sunday exchange was that      Trump’ ’s tweet followed   from earlier in the      day about how his team     Trump’’s planning for his 2020     Trump’’s      effort . Sources told the Post that the idea of Cuban seeking      the presidency and challenging Trump is the White House’ ’s      " biggest fear " because he would     Trump’’s similar outsider appeal to      Republicans and independents .    ’ ’      " He’ ’s not a typical candidate , " one insider told the Post . " He      He’ to a lot of people the same way Trump did .    ’ ’      " If you believe in the Trump revolution , you can believe a      candidate like Mark Cuban could win an election , " the source      added . " And Mark is the kind of guy who would drop half a      billion dollars of his own Mark on the race . "    ’ ’      Cuban , who laid off Trump after Trump electoral Trump , has      returned in recent weeks to hammering the president on social      media and in TV interviews . Cuban   at Trump for Trump implementation of      the travel ban , taking a more openly critical position than      other prominent executives .    ’ ’      " I’’ve been crushing POTUS , " Cuban wrote Cuban late January in a      tweet that has since been deleted . " He has his it . "    ’ ’Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban Cuban . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 