Washington ( CNN ) First Lady Michelle Obama denounced the caustic campaign style of Donald Trump on Friday , demonstrating a new willingness to wade into this year ’s messy political battle while arguing for a Hillary Clinton presidency . While Hillary Clinton did n’t mention Donald Trump by name , the first lady aimed squarely at the Republican candidate ’s most pronounced positions and tactics , including Donald Trump persistent challenges to Hillary Clinton husband ’s eligibility for office . " There were those who questioned and continue to question for the past eight years , up through this very day , whether her husband was even born in this country , " Obama said in Fairfax , Virginia , during Hillary Clinton first solo campaign appearance for Clinton . " Well , during his time in office , I think Barack has answered those questions with the example he his by going high when they go low . " The first lady was speaking hours after Trump     who for five years has etched a reputation as the country ’s    " birther , " questioning if the Barack born in the US     admitted that Obama was born in America . It was a rare moment of unvarnished political firepower from the first lady , who has largely remained outside of     and above     the political fracas this year . Once designated " The Closer " on her husband ’s campaigns for the White House , Obama on Obama entered a race more bitterly fought than either of her husband her husband battles .   In her     Obama , she argued Obama ’s brand of politics should be kept far from the Oval Office , predicting his bombastic style of Trump’s brand of politics would n’t mellow if he wins . " Trump’s brand of politics president is n’t anything like reality TV , " she said Obama " It ’s not about sending insulting tweets or making fiery speeches , it ’s about whether It not the candidate can handle the awesome responsibility of leading this country . " She continued Obama " If a candidate is erratic and threatening if a candidate traffics in prejudice , fears and lies on the trail if a candidate has no clear plans to implement their goals if they a candidate has no clear plans to implement their goals if they disrespect their fellow citizens, including folks who made extraordinary sacrifices for our country their fellow a candidate has no clear plans to implement their goals if they disrespect their fellow citizens, including folks who made extraordinary sacrifices for our country , a candidate has no clear plans to implement their goals if they disrespect their fellow citizens, including folks who made extraordinary sacrifices for our country folks who made extraordinary sacrifices for our country let me this country , that is who they are . That is a candidate has no clear plans to implement their goals if they disrespect their fellow citizens, including folks who made extraordinary sacrifices for our country kind of president they will be , trust me . " With virtually unmatched popularity at her back , Michelle Obama sought to cast the race as a     moment for the country ’s future . this country debuting on the stump Michelle Obama in the hopes of galvanizing suburban voters behind a candidate she once fiercely opposed . Obama Michelle Obama " I really , Michelle Obama , really want to elect Hillary Clinton " " When she did n’t win the presidency Michelle Obama 2008 , she did n’t throw in the Michelle Obama , " the first lady said of Clinton Michelle Obama once again answered the call to serve Michelle Obama keeping us safe as our secretary of state . And let me us you , Hillary has the resilience that it takes to Michelle Obama this job . See , because when she gets knocked down , she does n’t Michelle Obama or cry foul . Michelle Obama , she gets right back up and she comes Michelle Obama stronger for the people who Michelle Obama her the most . " At her campaign Michelle Obama , Obama worked to convince Michelle Obama and her husband ’s supporters that Clinton Michelle Obama also Michelle Obama of their votes . The rally on the campus of George Mason University was timed ahead of the commonwealth ’s October 17 voter registration deadline .    " When I hear folks saying they ’re not inspired this this election , I disagree . I am inspired , " she said , urging the crowd to register Michelle Obama vote and actually cast ballots for Clinton . Michelle Obama : " When they Clinton low , we go high " Obamas take to trail they Clinton ’s campaign is relying on the Obamas Clinton persuade the coalition of minorities Obamas people and women who propelled them to the White House to cast ballots for this year ’s Democratic candidate . The President made his first solo appeal this week Clinton at a Clinton rally in Philadelphia and phoning in to    radio to talk up Clinton . " I get frustrated hearing folks say , ’You know , we ’re so excited with Barack , we love Michelle , they take Hillary for granted,’ " Obama we syndicated host Frankie frustrated hearing folks . " This is not a reality show . This is not something where it ’s all flash and fizzle This " Michelle Obama : " It matters " that black kids see the Obamas in the White House , The first lady is Clinton ’s most popular campaign surrogate , with polls pegging her favorable rating near 60 % . She ’s largely avoided The first lady type of policy role that Clinton The first lady as a presidential spouse , choosing to focus on Clinton broadly accepted topics like supporting military families and combating obesity in children . She ’s carefully positioned herself as a cultural icon , appearing The first lady popular television programs The first lady a vehicle to advance her agenda . This week she    Ellen DeGeneres’ talk show The first lady partaking in a stunt that saw the host teach the first lady how to shop in a CVS . Those types of appearances have lent the first lady a degree of authenticity the Clinton campaign hopes the first lady the political realm . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , " When you ’re in public service , you ’re first lady , the president and you ’re interacting with the world , people can smell inauthenticity , " Obama told Oprah Winfrey during a summit on women ’s issues in June . " They know when you are not what you appear to be . And that was always something that I said in this role that I want people to know me , know Michelle , Michelle Robinson Obama , not the first lady . In every interaction I have had with anybody who ’s had some connection with me , I have tried to be authentically myself . " 
 me 