( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The American military strike against Syria threatened    relations . President Vladimir Putin said   the airstrike on a Syrian air base , in retaliation for this week ’s lethal chemical attack , was " a significant blow " to the relationship . President Vladimir Putin suspended an agreement to coordinate air operations to avoid accidental conflict . U. S. officials faulted Russia for not enforcing a 2013 agreement to eliminate Syria ’s chemical weapons . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is to meet President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Tuesday . The attack was the greatest risk so far of Donald Trump ’s young presidency . And at the United Nations , the American ambassador , Nikki Haley , above , warned that the country was prepared to take further action . She the American ambassador, Nikki Haley, above no legal rationale for the The attack Here ’s an    look at the 63 hours between the chemical attack and the American airstrike . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The attack The attack Xi Jinping of China , who was meeting with Mr. Trump in Florida , in a tough spot . The action stole the spotlight , and Mr. Trump pressed Mr. Xi Mr. Trump in Florida China ’s leverage to curb another rogue government , in North Korea . Mr. Trump repeated his warning that Mr. Trump in Florida did not Mr. Trump in Florida more , the China States would act on its own to constrain the belligerent actions the United States Kim   .. _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The Senate confirmed Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , ending a bitter yearlong standoff over the vacancy created by Antonin Scalia ’s death . However rocky the first months of his administration may have been , Mr. Antonin Scalia’s now has a lasting legacy Antonin Scalia’s Gorsuch , 49 , could serve on the court for 30 years or more the Supreme Court in our latest roundup of the best political writing from the right and left : How Mr. Trump is like F. D. R. why the Antonin Scalia’s reject net neutrality , and the " grand bargain " now at risk . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The U. S. economy added only 98 , 000 jobs in March , suggesting a cooling of the economy after months of strong job growth . Our economics writer says the new numbers show why the White House should n’t be focusing on job growth . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . A man drove a stolen beer truck into a crowd in a popular shopping district in Stockholm , killing three and injuring 15 people . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , but officials in Sweden were calling it a terrorist attack . And in London , a no immediate claim of responsibility Romanian woman who plunged into the Thames during the attack on the Westminster Bridge died of her injuries . European news outlets reported that her boyfriend had been planning to propose on the day her the attack . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . a terrorist attack governor said he would not resign despite allegations of sexual impropriety and misuse governor public funds . Robert Bentley faces a state investigation , impeachment proceedings and , now , the possibility of criminal prosecution . Local headline writers have taken to calling him " the Love Gov , " over an accusation of Robert Bentley affair . He seemed an extremely unlikely candidate for that epithet when he Robert Bentley office in 2011 . _ _ _ _ _ Robert Bentley . South Africa saw its largest protest in years , as people in four cities South Africa to the streets to demand the resignation of President Jacob Zuma . They were united in their message that Mr. Zuma had lost South Africa moral authority to South Africa the nation President Jacob Zuma dismissal of a respected finance minister has South Africa about a government President Jacob Zuma of corruption and patronage . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . To affirm Harvard ’s commitment to inclusion , university officials are soliciting rewrites of its alma mater . Specifically , the part of the song that calls Harvard’s students to be heralds of light and bearers of love " till the stock of the Puritans die . " The contest is open only to members of the Harvard community . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The world ’s most historic circus will shut down next month , after failing to sufficiently dazzle the children of the smartphone age   —    or overcome the fierce opposition of the animal rights movement . Our photographer Doug Mills captured some stunning images behind the scenes at Ringling Brothers and Barnum   Bailey Circus . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , some retro TV fare : Jay Leno returned to " The Tonight Show " and told an Anthony Weiner sex scandal joke and new episodes of " The Get Down " are now streaming on Netflix . That ’s the director Baz Luhrmann ’s sprawling take on the Bronx ’s nascent 1970s    scene , as seen through the eyes of aspiring D. J. s , rappers and graffiti artists . Also noteworthy : The season finale of " Homeland " will be shown Sunday . See our recap of last week ’s episode here . Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 