’    Republicans from all corners of the party scorned Ted Cruz on    Wednesday night after the Texas senator   that not only failed to endorse nominee Donald    Trump but implicitly encouraged audience members not to do so if       would violate implicitly encouraged audience members " conscience . " ’ ’    " Ted Cruz condemned to Republican hell , "    mogul Matt    Drudge tweeted before placing a " HELL’ ’S   ’’ " banner on mogul Matt   Drudge    popular website . ’ ’   ’ ’    " I think it was awful , " Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , a      echoed after Cruz’ ’s speech . " And quite frankly ,    I think it was selfish . " ’ ’    " For the life of me , I don’’t know why don’’t is doing this , " Fox News    Channel and conservative    host Sean Hannity said . " I    think there is going to be    damage for the party and for    him . " ’ ’    " Trump trusted Ted and was rewarded with a betrayal , " former Gov.    Mike Huckabee of Arkansas . ’ ’    Before the speech , some Republicans held out hope that Cruz would    succumb to the pressure and endorse Trump . But when it became    clear that    would decline to express support for the GOP    nominee , audience members rebelled ,   until    exited the    stage . ’ ’    " The best unity I saw was everyone booing him off the   stage , "    Donald Trump Jr. said of the moment during an appearance on Fox    News . ’ ’   ’ "    And Republicans were apparently not shy about expressing their Republicans frustration to Cruz ’s face . " ’    CNN reported that some donors were so furious at Cruz Cruz some donors    him a " disgrace " as he him to enter a suite following his him speech . An unnamed state party chair was so angry with the Texas    senator that he him to be restrained , the news outlet reported . ’ ’    Sheldon Adelson , a major Republican Party donor , even denied Cruz    entry to his him suite after his his   speech according to CNN    and BuzzFeed . ’ "    Cruz ’s wife , Heidi , also   on the convention floor , with    delegates heckling her . She had her be escorted outside by    security , according to reports . " "    Trump , for his part Trump said Cruz ’s Cruz did not bother him . Trump ’    " Wow , Ted Cruz Cruz off the stage , didn’’t honor the pledge ! "    he tweeted . Cruz I saw his speech two Cruz’s speech but let him speak    Cruz . No big deal ! " ’ 
 