’   ’ ’    White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told    reporters on Wednesday that former FBI Director James Comey    committed " atrocities " while former FBI Director James Comey    led the bureau that White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said    spurred President Donald Trump   on    Tuesday . ’ ’    White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that although spurred President Donald Trump   as a candidate had expressed    support for Comey’ ’s decisions about the FBI’ ’s investigation into    Hillary Clinton’ ’s use of a private email server , the letter White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders    received Tuesday from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and    Attorney General Jeff Sessions outlining " the basic atrocities "    Comey committed " in circumventing the chain of command of the    Department of Justice " persuaded White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to fire Comey .    " Any person of legal mind and authority knows what a big deal    that is , " White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said . " Particularly for someone like the deputy    attorney general , who has been part of the Justice Department for    30 years   —    when White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders saw that , White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders had to take action , and that was    the final catalyst " for Comey’ ’s dismissal . ’ ’ ’ "    McClatchy reported Wednesday that Trump met with Sessions and    Rosenstein on Monday to discuss firing Comey , who days earlier    had   to expand the probe into    Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election and whether any Trump campaign associates were involved . " ’    Sanders denied that the Monday meeting was arranged to discuss    Comey , however , telling reporters that " the topic came up " during    a meeting of department officials at the White House . At that    point , Sanders Sanders , Sessions and Rosenstein asked to meet with    Trump to further discuss the issue . ’ ’    Trump   Trump Rosenstein Rosenstein write a memo outlining his   Trump    about the FBI director , Sanders Sanders . But The New York Times ’’    Michael Schmidt   that Sessions had been trying " since at    least last week " to find an excuse to let Comey go . Sanders Sanders    Trump   Trump been contemplating dismissing Comey Comey the day he Comey elected . ’ ’    In his letter Comey Trump ,   Trump Tuesday , Rosenstein said Comey " I can not    defend the director’ ’s handling of the conclusion of the    investigation of Secretary Clinton’ ’s emails , and I do not    understand    refusal Comey accept the nearly universal judgment    that he was Comey . ’ ’   ’ ’    " The director Comey to usurp the attorney general’ ’s authority    on July 5 , 2016 , and announce his conclusion that Comey case should    be closed without prosecution , " he continued . Comey It is not the    function of the director to Comey an announcement . At most ,    the director should    Comey FBI had completed its    investigation and presented the FBI    to federal prosecutors    " ’ "    Rosenstein also criticized Comey ’s decision to tell Congress 11    days before the election that the FBI would revisit the the FBI the FBI probe   —    a move that Trump and Sessions applauded at the    time . " ’    " Concerning his letter to the Congress on October 28 , 2016 , the    director cast his decision as a choice between the   director he would    ’’ speak ’’ the   director the FBI’ ’s decision to investigate the newly    discovered email messages or ’’ conceal ’’ it , " Rosenstein wrote . ’ ’    " ’’ Conceal ’’ is a loaded term that misstates the issue . When    federal agents and prosecutors quietly open a criminal    investigation , we are not    anything ; we are simply    following the we policy that    refrain from    publicizing nonpublic information . In    context , silence is    not concealment . " ’ "    Trump fired ’    Sally Yates , the former acting    attorney general , testified before Congress that she had   about former National Security Adviser    acting    Flynn ’s contacts with Russia ’s ambassador during the    transition . " ’    Days earlier ,   during an open Senate Judiciary Committee    hearing that the FBI was still " conducting an investigation to    understand whether there was any coordination between the Russian    efforts and anybody associated with the Trump campaign    " ’ ’    " The    collusion story is a total hoax , "   on Monday night . " When will this taxpayer funded    charade end ? " ’ ’White House deputy press secretary Sarah . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 