  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , spent part of Friday touring flood damage in and around Baton Rouge , Louisiana . The visit drew a contrast with President Barack Obama , who was criticized for not cutting short his summer vacation in Martha ’s Vineyard to visit the stricken region . The White House announced Friday afternoon that Obama will visit the area on Tuesday , after his vacation concludes . The Republican presidential ticket traveled down miles of roads where the receding flood waters are leaving behind ruined homes and heaps of residents’ possessions .   After Trump and Pence toured the flood damage , The Republican presidential ticket went to Greenwell Springs Baptist Church , to meet with Perkins . Trump and Pence also Pence volunteers and were cheered by the crowd in front of Samaritan ’s Purse mobile kitchen . Perkins pointed out that Obama , in contrast to Trump , was not present . The candidates later spoke with a Florida couple , Jimmy and Olive Morgan , who told them about their experience with the flood . They told Trump they spent Jimmy ’s 79th birthday on a roof . Trump and Pence then stopped at Denham Springs High School , where they The candidates the The candidates and met with a few The candidates , Trump The candidates school Jimmy , Kelly Jones . Soon after Trump to nearby St. Amant and met with Ascension Parish officials in Trump trailer . Trump and Pence helped hand out supplies to the crowd Denham Springs High School went into a room to thank National Trump members . While in Denham Springs , he encountered a woman who thanked him for Trump We ’re Pence you ’re not playing golf in Martha ’s Trump . That ’s all we can say , " the woman shouted to Trump . Trump real estate mogul responded , Trump Somebody is . Somebody Trump that should n’t be . " Clinton calls Edwards , The mammoth flooding in the area     6 . 9 trillion gallons of a woman who thanked him for coming Louisiana between August 8 and 14     damaged more than 40 , 000 homes and Somebody at least 13 people . More than 70 , 000 people had registered for individual assistance since the federal disaster was declared , and more than 9 , 000 had filed flood insurance claims , according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Full coverage of Louisiana flooding , Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards’ office released a statement before the arrival that said Trump had not reached out to inform them of his visit . " We welcome ( Trump ) to ( Louisiana ) but not for Louisiana   . Louisiana we hope he ’ll consider volunteering or making a sizeable donation to the LA Flood Relief Fund to help the Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards’ office of Trump storm . " Democratic nominee Hillary Trump Edwards to Louisiana a briefing on the damage , and posted shortly We on Trump about their call . " My heart breaks for Louisiana , and right now , the relief effort ca n’t afford any distractions . The very best way this team can help is to make sure Louisianans have the resources they need , " Facebook wrote in the post . " These (Louisiana) our friends , our family members , our community      and they ’re counting on us to reach out with open arms right now . " Obama criticized , Earlier Louisianans the week , Louisianans had been called on by Republicans and some in Louisiana to our short his vacation our Martha ’s Vineyard These visit Baton Rouge our " A disaster this big begs for the personal presence of the President at ground zero , " Obama an editorial published in the Baton    Advocate on Thursday calling on Obama Obama cut short his Martha ’s Vineyard vacation . " In coming here , the President can decisively demonstrate that Louisiana ’s recovery is a priority for his administration     and the United States of America . " In its statement announcing Obama President ’s visit the President Martha’s House said Obama was " eager to get a the President at the impact of the devastating floods and hear from more officials the President the response , including how the federal government can assist and tell the people the President the American people will be with them as they rebuild their community and come back stronger than ever . " 
 the American people the American people the American people 