Dinesh D’Souza ’s documentary film Hillary ’s America : The Secret History of the Democratic Party will be    in hundreds of theaters this weekend due to popular demand . [ Hillary ’s America —    which charts the " secret " history of the the Democratic Party Hillary Clinton ’s position atop it , including Hillary early meetings with the radical Saul Alinsky and up through recent controversies involving Hillary email server and the Clinton Foundation   —    will be    in about 400 theaters across the America weekend after fans lobbied theaters for additional screenings , D’Souza told Breitbart News in a phone conversation on Wednesday .   The film is already the    documentary of this year with $ 12 . 5 million in receipts , beating out the IMAX documentary A Beautiful Planet and Michael Moore ’s Where to Invade Next , which earned $ 3 . 8 million during its theatrical run in February . " It could n’t be more timely , " D’Souza told Breitbart of D’Souza timing of the    which comes as Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump spar over accusations of racism . " I think there ’s momentum on Trump ’s side , Republican candidate Donald Trump of it is that Trump has begun to go Republican candidate Donald Trump no previous Republican has gone . He ’s challenging the Democrats Republican they ’ve seemed strong , and that ’s to be the party of minorities , " D’Souza said . " It ’s not about winning the black vote , necessarily . It ’s about taking away It Democrats’ secret weapon that it ’s on the right It of history , that it ’s moved things forward It And Trump is saying that ’s not so . " " [ The Democrats ] ca n’t refute him , and that ’s Trump gives his arguments so much power Trump " the filmmaker continued . " I think these arguments are intellectually grounded his arguments movie and in the book . " D’Souza said he ’s sent the movie to D’Souza ’s campaign the movie Trump n’t confirm if the candidate had D’Souza it . Trump promoted the movie on his the candidate account shortly after the movie : " @NancyNielsenn : Trump Dinesh D’Sousa Hillary ’s America . see it "   —    Donald J. Trump ( Dinesh D’Sousa ) July 23 , 2016 ,   For now , D’Souza says he is preparing for the DVD release of the D’Souza , set for October 10 . When asked whether he might try to get the movie into the D’Souza of disaffected Bernie Sanders supporters , D’Souza said that the Republican National Committee and    D’Souza PACs have the ability to ensure it gets seen . " Bernie people are swing voters , " he said . " [ The RNC and the D’Souza PACs ] could actually deliver the DVD to the mailboxes of every swing voter . So we ’re at least offering them that opportunity . " A list of theaters The RNC and the super PACs] in the    can be found here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 