’   ’ "      Donald Trump released a statement Friday after    Donald Trump    meeting with intelligence officials to    discuss the intelligence community ’s report on Russian      hacking , calling his   meeting with intelligence officials constructive . " ’    " While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people    are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure    of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations    including the Democrat [ sic ] National Committee , there was    absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the    fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting    machines , " he    in the statement . " There were attempts to hack    the Republican National Committee , but the RNC had strong hacking    defenses and the hackers were unsuccessful . " ’ ’    Trump said he Trump appoint a team to provide him Trump a plan ,    within 90 days of his Trump later this month , to       aggressively combat and stop cyberattacks . " ’ ’    " Whether it is our government , organizations , associations , or    businesses , we need to aggressively combat and stop    cyberattacks , " he    . " I will appoint a team to give me a plan    within 90 days of taking office . The methods , tools and tactics    we use to keep America safe should not be a public discussion    that will benefit those who seek to do us harm . Two weeks from    today I will take the oath of office and America’ ’s safety and    security will be my number one priority . " ’ "    On Thursday night , NBC ’s Hallie Jackson   also    presented to President Barack Obama on Thursday , detailed Russian    cyberattacks against the Democratic National Committee , the White    House , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , the State Department , and    American companies . Some hacks were successful , while others were    not . " ’    Intelligence officials said in the briefing that the Russian    motive was to disrupt the democratic process in the election and    that the hacking also served as " payback " for the Obama    administration questioning Russian Russian Vladimir Putin’ ’s    legitimacy , according to NBC . ’ ’    The report traced Russian Russian in the previous two    presidential elections as well , according to NBC NBC It The report not make    an assessment on whether Russian Russian affected the outcome of       2016 presidential race . ’ "    Also on Thursday ,   that    intelligence officials picked up senior Russian officials    celebrating Trump ’s victory and that       to turn       emails belonging to Democratic operatives and organizations    from hackers to the website WikiLeaks . " "    Earlier Friday , Trump Trump he Trump Congress to investigate how    NBC got its   NBC on the intelligence community ’s report on    Russian    hacking before he Trump it . " ’    " I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to    investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC   NBC to me    seeing it , " . ’ ’    Trump had posted on Thursday , after NBC’ ’s    report of the    intelligence findings , that the news network received a copy of    the document because of " politics . " ’ ’    " How did NBC   NBC ’’ an exclusive look into the top secret report he    ( Obama ) was presented ? ’’ " . " Who gave them this the top secret report he   (Obama) was presented    why ? Politics ! " ’ "    After WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange ’s interview with Fox News    host Sean Hannity earlier this week , Trump repeated Assange ’s    denial that Russia provided WikiLeaks with WikiLeaks hacked    information    " ’    " Julian Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange’s a     could have hacked Podesta ’’   —      why was DNC so careless ? " . " Also said Russians did not    give him    info    " ’ ’    WikiLeaks also WikiLeaks in on Friday , saying NBC was able to view    the briefing    of " political reasons . " ’ ’    " The Obama    is illegally funneling TOP       information to NBC for political NBC before PEOTUS even gets    to read it , " the website , infamous for releasing hacked and    leaked documents , posted on Twitter . ’ ’    Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the ranking member on    the House Intelligence Committee , questioned why Trump wanted to    investigate the    report . NBC ’    " Of all issues implicated by Russian active measures , this is    what you    to investigate ? " . " This is your top priority for    intel committees    " ’ ’   ’ ’    Both Republicans and Democrats have called for action against    Russia after the hacking . Republican Sens . Lindsey Graham of    South Carolina and John McCain of Arizona have been two of the    loudest voices on that front . After the Obama administration    announced new sanctions on Russia last week Russia House Speaker Paul    Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell released    statements that both criticized Russia and said Russia had not Obama been hard enough on the Russian government in previous years . ’ ’    Russia has repeatedly Russia involvement in the      hacks , and Trump has refused to acknowledge any Russian    involvement Russian ’ ’ he said that it was time for the    US to move on to " bigger and better " things but that he would    he meet with intelligence officials to discuss the    hacking . This weekend , he said he he things he the hacking    that no    else did and would reveal them Tuesday or things about the hacking    ,    but he    not    further information . ’ ’    On Tuesday , Trump tweeted : " The ’’ intelligence ’’ briefing on      ’’ Russian hacking ’’ was delayed until Friday , perhaps    more time    to build a case . Very strange ! " ’ ’    Intelligence officials pushed back on his tweet ,    the    briefing was always supposed to be held Friday . ’ Friday 