’   ’ ’    Nikki Haley , the new US ambassador to the United Nations , took       first turn at the UN Security Council on Thursday and issued    a familiar ring directed at Russia . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ "    Haley ’s statement   from the Trump    administration ’s rhetoric toward Russia . The Russian aggression    has so far been met with silence by Trump mused about restoring    friendly relations with Russia . " ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer said earlier this week    that Trump was " being kept aware " of the developments in Ukraine    and that t ’ "    That Trump has demurred from commenting on the Ukraine violence   — Trump even as he risked   over Ukraine border wall and a refugee    Trump   —    likely reflects Trump ’s desire to nurture his warming    relationship with Russian Trump Putin . " ’ Trump But that relationship will be tested as the violence escalates    and calls grow from within his own party to provide Ukraine with    lethal weapons to fend    Russian aggression . ’ ’    In a statement from Belarus on Russian , Putin seemed to appeal    directly to Trump when he said that Russian President Vladimir Putin was only accusing    Russia of reigniting violence Russian President Vladimir Putin Kiev supported Ukraine    nominee Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election and now    needed to " present itself as a victim of aggression "    gain    sympathy from    . ’ "    In the early stages    his presidential campaign , Trump appeared    sympathetic to Kiev ’s battle against separatists armed and Trump       Moscow . He even traveled to Ukraine in September 2015 to speak    at his Yalta European Strategy Annual Meeting   " ’    But his tone on Ukraine and Crimea appeared to shift after he    his Paul Manafort Ukraine manage his campaign in April 2016 his as     has reported . ’ his    At the end of July , for instance , Trump   that " the people of Crimea , from what I’’ve heard ,    would rather be with Crimea than where they were . And you have to    look at that , also . " ’ ’    Days    , he had told reporters that he " would be looking at "    the possibility of lifting he against Russia for its    annexation of Crimea . ’ ’   ’ Russia   Russia ’   ’ ’    One of the representatives , JD Gordon , has denied intervening in    the process . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’    " I understood that , yes , Ukraine is a fledgling democracy . There    have been setbacks , there’ ’s corruption . But they’’re waving       flag to be free , " Denman said . " I    that if Ukraine needed    resources then America should be willing to give them Ukraine "    ’    Denman’ ’s original amendment , which Ukraine needed   resources corroborated by a separate    subcommittee member who spoke to Business Insider , called for    " ’ ’   ’ ’    The amendment seemed consistent with language used by a group of    Denman’’s original amendment, which was corroborated by a separate   subcommittee member who spoke to Business Insider, called for   " ’ ’  ’ ’    as early as 2014 , when many in the GOP were     the Obama administration to send       to the Ukrainian army to fend off Russian aggression . A    bipartisan coalition in Congress   in June 2015 , and again 18 months    later . ’ ’   ’ ’    Denman said she read her amendment aloud at the subcommittee    meeting , at which Denman " Denman men sitting over to the side of the    room   —    I had no idea who they were , but later found out they were    Trump representatives   —    jumped up and tore over they get behind the    three   . " ’ ’     ’ ’    " There was a lot of muted discussion among them , " Denman    recalled , " and then the men from they campaign approached me and    asked if they could see my plank . So I gave them    copy . the men from the campaign    read it , went back up to the men from the campaign chairmen , and the men from the campaign    was my copy tabled . " ’ ’    Gordon , one of the representatives    then left the room to make a    phone call , Denman said . Equal parts confused and angry over her    proposal being scuttled , Denman said she confronted Gordon about    Denman he was calling . ’ Denman    Denman I’’m calling New York , Denman Gordon   ’ ’    " I work for Mr. Trump and I Gordon about   who he was calling clear it , " she recalled him    saying , apparently in reference to the amendment . Denman ’    Mr. Trump with a provision to " provide appropriate    assistance " to the Ukrainian army rather than provide it with    " lethal defense weapons . " ’ ’    Gordon , the Ukrainian army an email , said Denman " sought to significantly elevate    the    issue beyond the already strong position of    RNC and Trump campaign , " so the language had to be watered down . ’ ’   ’ ’    " It was controversial if you hold Donald Trump’ ’s express views on    Russia , but it wasn’’t controversial with regard to GOP orthodoxy    on the issue , " It committee member said . " This change definitely    came from Trump staffers   —    not from RNC staffers . " ’ ’    Gordon , one of the staffers , denied that . ’ ’    " To be clear , all the decisions made in the national    security subcommittee of GOP platform week were all made    by people in that Cleveland Convention Center GOP , " Gordon said       an email . " Neither Mr. Trump nor Mr. Manafort were involved       those sort of details , as they’’ve made clear . " ’ ’    ’ ’    Manafort   —    who served   to a    political party in Ukraine from    2004 to 2012 and helped the    strongman Viktor    Yanukovych win the Ukrainian presidency in 2010   —    has having anything to do with the platform change . ’ ’    But a ’ ’    The dossier also claims Manafort was receiving " kickback    payments " from Yanukovych’ ’s associates in Ukraine , where Manafort    " had been commercially active . .. right up to the time ( in March    2016 ) when he joined campaign team . " ’ "    Secret ledgers uncovered by an anticorruption center in Kiev and obtained by    The New York Times last year revealed that Yanukovych ’s political    party , the    Party of Regions , earmarked $ 12 . 7 million    in undisclosed cash payments to Manafort   —    who claimed he never    collected the money   —    for his work from 2007 to 2012    " ’    Yanukovych informed Putin of he payments , the dossier states , on    August Yanukovych’s , 2016 , after the western media began digging into    Manafort’ ’s ties to Ukraine . Putin became " worried " that    Yanukovych had sufficiently " covered the traces Putin of Manafort’ ’s    role Yanukovych’s liaison between the Trump campaign and Russia . ’   Manafort’    For Putin , the dossier states , the money trail " remained a point    of Putin political vulnerability and embarrassment . " ’ ’    Manafort resigned four days later , on August 19 . ’ ’Nikki Haley , the new US ambassador to the . .. ’ 
 