’   ’ ’    Vice President Joe Biden went off on the 2016 election as a whole    on Thursday , ripping    as a    spectacle that was a    " battle of personalities " instead of " a battle of ideas , " and    pointing a finger at the media for    coverage of the race . ’ ’    Speaking at a   in Washington put together    by New York University , Biden called the election " tough , "    " ugly , " and " divisive . " ’ ’    " This has been a very tough election , " Biden said . " It’ ’s been ugly .    It’ ’s been divisive . It’ ’s been coarse . It’ ’s been dispiriting . " ’ ’    " I find Biden embarrassed by the nature of the way in which this    campaign was conducted , " the vice president continued . " So much    for the shining city on the hill . " ’ "    Biden asked why there was n’t more discussion of policy or      issues . " ’’ ’    " Hillary Clinton was the single most qualified on the fact of it    to run for president of the United States that we’’ve had ,    period , "    said . " It wasn’’t that Hillary Clinton didn’’t have all these    ideas . Hillary Clinton did . But the press , you didn’’t cover it . " ’ "    But he added a caveat , saying it was understandable when stories    like the leaked tape of Trump boasting about being able to make    sexual advances on women regardless of women consent because he    was famous arise , women ’re impossible to avoid . " ’    " It wasn’’t your fault , " he said . " When a guy talks about grabbing    a woman’ ’s private parts , when a guy says some of the incredibly    outrageous things that were said , it sucks up all the oxygen in    the air . " ’ ’    Biden asked the crowd what they the crowd about the 2016 election    other than the campaign slogans , such as Trump’ ’s " Make America    Great Again " and Clinton’ ’s " Stronger Together , " which Biden    mistakenly called " Forward Together . " ’ ’ ’    Biden called for continued vigilance from progressives once    Trump assumes office in January . ’ ’    " We should not remain silent one instant when this administration    goes after the progressive values we care about , " he Biden . " We    should not back away one scintilla from the arguments and the    merits of all the things we care about We But we should listen We    we should    We American people are a lot better than    they’’re given    for right now . " ’ ’    Biden said recently he would   Biden he backed    Biden off of that in an interview with the " Late Show " host    Stephen Colbert earlier this week . ’ ’    " I don’’t plan on running again , but to say you know what’ ’s going    to happen    four years I just think is not rational , " Biden said    Biden the    . an interview with the "Late Show" host   Stephen Colbert earlier this week    He added that    can " never say ’’ never . ’’ " ’ ’    " Hell , Donald Trump’ ’s going to be 74 . I’’ll be 77 , in better    shape , " Biden said . Biden I mean , what the hell ? " ’ ’    Biden opted not Biden jump into the 2016 race last October after the    death of his son Beau Biden ’ 
 