  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign has always been about Donald Trump . ’s campaign has n’t been about Donald Trump and it ’s campaign n’t really been about policy . It ’s campaign been about the man himself . And for many months , it ’s campaign that there was ample room in the GOP , and even in broader parts of the electorate , for his the man himself style . But in recent weeks , the value of the Trump Donald Trump has been plummeting , especially since the release of the " Access Hollywood " tape . Polls show that the distance between Hillary Clinton and Trump Donald Trump growing . Congressional Republicans are seriously worried about the possibility of Democrats retaking control of the Senate and possibly the House . Trump Donald Trump theme seems to have switched from " Make America Great Again " to " I ’m a victim . " The New York Times reported that several major donors are urging the Republican National Committee to separate themselves from several major donors Republican nominee for fear the party will suffer irreversible damage . Trump delivered Donald Trump conspiratorial     and , some thought , borderline       speech in Palm Beach : " Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plan the destruction of global sovereignty in order to enrich these global interest powers . " This speech , combined with his    attacks on Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton past , have led many to conclude that his campaign is Hillary Clinton spinning out of control . Clinton is thriving Hillary Clinton what might be called the " " strategy of just letting Trump be Trump . This Trump captured in the " Saturday Night Live " sketch of the first presidential debate , when viewers could see Clinton on the Hillary Clinton screen , played by the comedienne Kate McKinnon , struggling to keep a straight face as her jaw dropped Hillary Clinton to Trump , played Trump Alec Baldwin . Clinton slowly pushes Hillary Clinton jaw back her jaw she can keep Hillary Clinton straight face . There are many reasons that the Trump style is steadily losing support outside of his loyal base . the Trump style pillars that undergirded his success have fallen the Trump style . The insurgent appeal depended on his being someone who the Trump style outside the mainstream political institutions . When he took on Republicans the Trump style Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz , he could legitimately claim the Trump style he really had very the Trump style connections to the mainstream political establishment . That is no longer the case . Trump has thrived in the news media throughout this campaign , taking advantage of the    environment and endless desire for content . He became a political Trump in an oversaturated news media market that is constantly in search of a good story . He also won the Trump , gained the support of many of the party ’s leaders and had the full apparatus of the GOP standing behind him . Even after Trump outrage over the " Access Hollywood " tape , many Republicans walked back their threats to drop many Republicans support for him many Republicans But when Trump claims to be Trump an establishment in October 2016 , the arguments sound more conspiratorial and like an effort by someone who is losing to find a scapegoat . Trump ’s targets are real people , Trump ’s attacks on Trump’s Muslims and women are not new . But after the " Access Hollywood " tape surfaced , Trump ’s comments have sounded Trump’s independents , undecided voters , and even many Republicans as real faces and real people who have accused Trump emerged on the scene to Trump’s what he was talking about .    Trump’s historians look back at this campaign , one of the key turning points will undoubtedly be the Democratic convention , where Khizr Khan delivered a riveting speech castigating the arguments that Trump had made . When Trump Trump’s by attacking Khan and Trump’s wife , the Khizr Khan of Khizr Khan slain    soldier , many Americans were dismayed by what they saw . Some Americans who many Americans agree with his attacks on curbing speech in Some Americans who might agree with his attacks on curbing speech in the name of "political correctness" name of " political correctness " might not have felt as good after watching and hearing the    clip from " Entertainment Tonight " in 1992 , when Trump can be seen glancing at a group of young girls and saying that he , a     would be Trump one of them in about 10 years . young girls " I ’ll get things Trump " approach looked less and less like the words of a man who would be efficient and productive and more like someone who employs authoritarian rhetoric . Many opponents had been warning about this , starting in the late summer as Americans witnessed events and heard comments that seemed to make the warnings more real . ’Lock her up’ is what dictators do , When the Republican convention revolved around the chants of " lock her up , " referring to Clinton , the tenor of the campaign became darker . When Trump quipped at the second debate that if he was president , Clinton would Trump in jail , Clinton observers shuddered , hearing the kinds of threats that fly in the face of our democratic traditions . " It ’s a chilling thought , " commented Michael Chertoff , who served as secretary of Homeland Security under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama . " It smacks of what we read It    dictators in other parts of the world , where , when they win an election , their first move is to imprison they . " The entire Trump brand name was built upon him being a winner , not Trump whiner . The promise was that he claimed he knew what to Trump . Trump Believe me " is a phrase we have consistently heard , and people excused some of his unconventional and    remarks . Trump he has not been winning . Trump stories about his checkered business past are now Trump with very real evidence of a failing campaign . For core supporters , none of this matters . They love their candidate and will support him They the very end . Trump there are not enough of them to win the election , They for voters outside of that group , Trump now looks very different     even to some who might have been willing to vote for him . Ruining the brand ? Trump could be that , somehow , Trump miraculously transforms the dynamics of Trump campaign in the final weeks or that something happens to make Clinton ’s campaign implode . The best bet for Trump is that the power of Trump polarization prevents the bottom from totally falling out as Republican voters are more willing to vote for him over any Democrat . Right Trump , though , it is not looking good for the GOP     or for its candidate . There are fewer the GOP     fewer customers lining up to purchase Trump products . ( In fact Trump New York Magazine reports , Trump ’s    hotel on Pennsylvania Trump in Washington is struggling to find customers . ) Some even want to return their goods to the store . Some as well hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington , the Trump brand is in trouble Trump 