Washington ( CNN ) The punchline , for lack of a better word , in a piece in The Atlantic on the    decay of the White House press is a text message , presumably joking , from White House adviser Steven Bannon to a reporter explaining why Sean Spicer has spent less and less time in front of cameras at the podium . " Sean got fatter , " texted White House adviser Steven Bannon . We do n’t KNOW that White House adviser Steven Bannon was joking , mind you . White House adviser Steven Bannon did n’t respond to    questions , according to writer Rosie Gray in The Atlantic piece . But treating the question as a joke would be in line with how the Trump administration has generally regarded the press briefings , which have been rarer and rarer and not often in front of cameras . There was one scheduled late Tuesday morning for later in the day . Chelsea Clinton , the former first daughter whose mother was defeated last November by President Donald Trump , did not take the Bannon text as a joke . " The White House using fat shaming to justify increased opacity . 2017 , " she tweeted . Later , she responded to a reporter from Breitbart , the conservative news site once run by Bannon . " Oh ok . So using fat shaming to avoid answering questions about increasing opacity . Got it . 2017 . " she also responded to another tweeter who accused she of a "   response from the    left . " Actually , Clinton wrote back , " Just me as I was standing in line @ Starbucks earlier . Fat shaming is n’t a joke I find funny . Ever . " There you have it . Here ’s what Starbucks ’ve learned :   Conservatives think Bannon was joking . That ’s in line with how the White House has treated the press Clinton disagrees and thinks it is fat shaming . She Clinton disagrees with the decay of the White House press briefing because it the decay of the White House press briefing to " opacity " and allows the the White House refuse to answer questions . She Clinton in line and tweets at Starbucks like everyone else . We can presume that Clinton Clinton tweets wo n’t do much to help Spicer , who is either stepping into a higher role at the White House the White House ice ( or both ) depending on who you ’re listening to . Trump was apparently none too pleased earlier this year when Spicer was portrayed on " Saturday Night Live " by Melissa McCarthy , a sketch so successful it was stretched across the show ’s entire season . But it is also true that Trump has suggested the briefing Trump not a good fit for his White House since his Trump ca n’t be Trump to keep up with his thinking . And he Trump consistently undercut things Trump Spicer and Sarah Huckabee Sanders have said from the podium . That does n’t mean the White House should stop his White House , although journalists the briefing ’s Jim Acosta have raised serious alarm bells about that possibility . Chelsea Clinton , for her part , has come to the defense Chelsea Clinton Trump White House officials before , when it serves her purpose . Back in March the defense of Trump White House officials she Chelsea Clinton comments by Democratic Rep. Cedric Richmond Chelsea Clinton a photo featuring Kellyanne Conway taking a picture in the Oval Office " despicable " and demanded an apology for Conway . Cedric later apologized , although he Kellyanne Conway he was joking in the first Cedric . Cedric Twitter trolling the Trump White House and general wrongness she sees on social media has increasingly become Chelsea Clinton of Clinton ’s    roles . As CNN ’s Hunter Schwarz wrote earlier this year : " Perhaps the Clinton most effective at Twitter trolling , Clinton Clinton Clinton ’s daughter , Chelsea . Employing Internet colloquialisms Clinton linking to the latest Trump controversy while referencing how early it is ( as if to say , " Trump has already ruined X , Y , and Z , and it ’s only Monday " ) @ChelseaClinton benefits from being Trump . Her feed is more typical liberal millennial than her scripted political family members . " In this case Her she was able to troll the White House for its Her of transparency and call out " fat shaming the White House in the same tweet . 
 