  ( CNN ) There ’s lots of bad poll numbers out there for President Donald Trump these days . President Donald Trump has historically low job approval ratings , and nearly 6 in 10 voters believe President Donald Trump lacks the judgment or personality to be an effective president , according to a new Washington    News poll . What the focus on President Donald Trump numbers misses , however , is that Democrats are n’t in a great place with voters either . One number in the a new Washington   News poll stood out to me as something that should worry Democrats pondering the party ’s the Democratic Party whether the Democratic Party is in touch with the concerns of the average person , just 28 % of respondents said it is     as opposed just 28% of respondents 67 % who said Democrats are out of touch . Those numbers are worse than the " in    of touch " numbers for either the Republican Party or Trump the Democratic Party poll . More amazing to me is that only 52 % of    Democrats said their party was in touch with peoples’ only 52% of   Democrats while 44 % said it was out of touch . ( Also of concern for Democrats : Fewer than 1 in 5 independents     18 %     said the Democratic Party was in touch with the the Democratic Party ) Those numbers     particularly among Democrats     are striking . Party leaders in Washington have positioned the party as the voice of the little guy since the Democratic Party days of the Trump presidency : Their side would be the one to stand up for the Party leaders in Washington people in the country whose lives Trump neither cared about nor even thought much about . As Trump of the organic groundswell behind this idea , Democrats touted the successes of things like Sen. Elizabeth Warren ’s " nevertheless she persisted " moment with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on the Sen. Elizabeth Warren floor .   Twelve million people watched Warren reading a letter from Coretta Scott King on Facebook Live Sen. Elizabeth Warren Republicans were on the ropes , courtesy of a populist   ! The problem with that conclusion is exposed in the numbers above . Yes , there are lots and lots of Democrats who support Warren , buy " nevertheless , she persisted "    and Sen. Elizabeth Warren them proudly . But that Sen. Elizabeth Warren n’t mean the party can lots and lots of Democrats who support Warren be assumed to be the voice of the Democratic Party people . " What it also means is that Trump ’s election is n’t a panacea the Democratic Party the Democratic Party . While it ’s easier to attribute the party ’s 2016 loss to stated the Democratic Party and unstated ) racism the Democratic Party in the country     and there was some of that !     that analysis absolves Democrats of the sort of internal review the party badly needs . Consider this : A billionaire businessman raised in the Democratic Party City was able to successfully cast his Democratic opponent as the candidate of the elites in this country . How A billionaire businessman raised in New York City Because there was already a preconceived notion within the the country     Democrats were coastal snobs     shopping at Whole Foods , sending their kids to private school and viewing the rest of the country with utter disdain Democrats That sentiment still very much exists in the country the country     ’s possible that even if Democrats do nothing between now and the the country     , they That sentiment make major gains in Congress     and could well end up in the House majority Democrats early 2019 .   But that wo n’t solve the existential problem facing the party which , simply put , is this : Most people do n’t think Democrats " get " them . 
 Most people 