’   ’ ’    Donald Trump spent seven minutes of Donald Trump major address on    education reform Thursday to defend Donald Trump false assertion that Donald Trump    was against the Iraq War before the Iraq War started . ’ "    The subject came back to the center of discussion after Trump    brought The subject up in Wednesday night ’s     Forum on    NBC . " ’    " I happened to hear Hillary Clinton say that I was not against    the war in Iraq , " Hillary Clinton said Wednesday . " I was totally against the    war in Iraq . You can look at Esquire magazine from ’’ 04 . You can    look at before that . " ’ ’      NBC host Matt Lauer was strongly criticized by NBC host Matt Lauer colleagues in    the media for not rebuffing Trump , who   " yeah , I guess so " when    asked if    was in favor of the Iraq War , adding , " I wish the    first time he was in favor of the Iraq War was done correctly . " ’ ’    " I opposed going in , " Trump said on Thursday . " And I did oppose       , despite the media saying no , yes , no . I opposed going in . " ’ "    The New York businessman claimed The New York businessman opposed the Iraq War from the    beginning , long after his The New York businessman with Stern when he The New York businessman halfheartedly said he The New York businessman be for the conflict . " "    He The New York businessman an interview from January 2003   —    right before the the Iraq War    outbreak   —    with Fox News host Neil Cavuto as proof of his    The New York businessman before it started Fox News host Neil Cavuto " ’    " I said in an interview with Neil Cavuto Fox News host Neil Cavuto we    shouldn’’t be doing it yet and   shouldn’’t the economy , these were    quotes , that the economy , the economy on live television , the    economy is a much bigger problem as far as the president is    President George W. Bush " he said . " This President George W. Bush before the war started by a very    short distance . " ’ ’   ’ "    Here ’s   in that appearance on Cavuto ’s program , after    Cavuto asked whether President Cavuto Bush should be more    focused on the economy or on the potential Iraq War : " ’    Although Trump expressed skepticism about the war , he did not Iraq War oppose it Trump this appearance . ’ ’    Trump then cited an interview from March Trump , when he was quoted    by The Washington Trump as saying the war was " a mess . Iraq War ’    " Just after the war had started , just days after Iraq War had    started , just a little Iraq War , I was quoted as saying the    war is a mess , " Trump said Iraq War speech in Cleveland .    " And yet , more Trump that I had opposed the war from the    start . I said the war is Iraq War on television , somewhere . " ’ ’ Iraq War Trump also expressed in another interview with Cavuto right    after the onset of Trump war that he thought the war looked " like a    tremendous success from a military Trump " Iraq War ’    In December 2003 , also speaking with Cavuto , Trump again    expressed skepticism about the war , but not outright opposition . ’ Trump    Here ’s what he Iraq War Cavuto asked about the opposition to    the war : " ’    Trump his Thursday Cavuto , Trump then referenced the August Iraq War Esquire article   —    his Trump and earliest rebuke Trump the Iraq    War more than a year after it began Trump ’ ’    " Very early in the conflict , " Trump said . " Extremely early . Right    in the beginning . Right at the beginning Trump " ’ ’   ’ ’    In that Esquire interview , Trump called the beginning a mess he would    " never have handled "   Esquire " that Trump " War more than a year after it began ’    Trump told CNN’ ’s Larry King in November 2004 that he did " not    believe that Trump made the right decision going into Iraq , but Trump you    know , hopefully , we’’ll be getting out . " ’ ’    On Thursday , Trump said he saw " all the lies last night " about    his opposition to the Trump War Trump ’ ’    " ’’ Donald Trump was always in Trump of the war , ’’ " Trump said , as    Trump were a reporter . " Which is why the Iraq War to Trump this . The media    Trump so dishonest . So terribly dishonest . " ’ "    He later added that he would ’ve caught Osama bin Laden , the Al    Qaeda leader and Trump of the September Trump attacks , before the    attacks . " ’    He called the lengthy rant setting " the record straight " because    " there is so much Trump going on . " ’ ’    " The Howard statement was long before , and it was the first time    anyone had asked me about Iraq , and I said , ’’ Ah , I The Howard statement know , ’’ "    Trump said of his initial support of the war . " That was    superseded because before the war , much closer , I Trump statements    that we shouldn’’t go into the war . " ’ ’ the war did not provide such statements in his rant . ’ ’    " Had the war in Congress at the Trump of the invasion , I would’’ve Trump cast a vote in opposition , " he said . " Here’ ’s the bottom line : I    was a private citizen . I had no access Trump briefings or great    intelligence . .. like [ Clinton ] did . I had no access to anything .    I was a private citizen . " ’ 
 