WASHINGTON   —    Senators leading the investigation into Russian interference in the November election pledged on Wednesday to conduct an aggressive inquiry , including an examination of any ties to President Trump , as Senators leading the investigation into Russian interference in the November election sought to distance Senators leading the investigation into Russian interference in the November election from the flagging efforts in the House . In a conspicuous show of bipartisanship during a fractious time at the Capitol , the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee vowed to forge ahead by interviewing key players connected to President Trump and pressing intelligence agencies to provide all relevant information . But their interviewing key players connected to Mr. Trump and pressing intelligence agencies to provide all relevant information of collegiality seemed intended primarily as a contrast to the explosive and often bewildering statements in recent days from the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , Representative Devin Nunes of California , whose perceived closeness with the Trump White House has raised doubts about his whose perceived closeness with the Trump White House to conduct an impartial investigation . The Mr. Burr suggested on Wednesday that he would not retreat from a process that could damage the reputation of a Republican president . " This investigation ’s scope will go wherever Mr. Trump intelligence leads , " Mr. Burr said during a rare joint news conference . Asked later whether he had encountered any " direct links " between Mr. Trump and Russia ’s interference , Mr. Burr was stern . " We know that Mr. Burr challenge , " he said , " is to answer that question for the American Mr. Burr " The Senate investigation amounts to a credibility We for Republicans under Mr. Burr Trump administration   —    a chance to prove their willingness to ask uncomfortable questions of a Republican president , even if the answers might weaken his and the party ’s standing . Democrats are Republicans . But they are also mindful that the Senate most likely remains their best hope on a Republican president Hill for gathering information , making them disinclined to abandon the Democrats Intelligence Committee ’s investigation . The F. B. I. Democrats also investigating . On Wednesday , Mr. Burr and his Democrats counterpart on the committee , Senator Mark Warner of Virginia , offered some evidence of what they had reviewed so far , saying they had begun to schedule the Senate Intelligence Committee’s of at least 20 interviews . Mr. Warner drew attention to reports of Mr. Burr and his Democratic counterpart on the committee, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia 1 , 000 internet trolls in Mr. Burr and his Democratic counterpart on the committee, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia generating fake news stories and targeting them at swing states like Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania . " Russia ’s goal , Vladimir Putin ’s goal , is a weaker United States , fake news stories he said . Mr. Burr noted that Russians were now " Russia " in the French elections . On Thursday , the committee will hold a public Vladimir Putin’s on Russian Vladimir Putin’s campaigns broadly . The two also left little doubt that they viewed the House ’s unruly process as an afterthought , one that should not reflect on their own efforts . " Let me set the ground rules real quick , " Mr. Burr said before taking questions . " We ’ll answer anything about the they Intelligence Committee ’s investigation . We will not take questions on the House Intelligence Committee . " Mr. Burr could not suppress a smirk . Mr. Warner laughed outright . But the drama in We House has already complicated the the Senate Intelligence Committee’s according to Mr. Burr members , leading the public to question congressional inquiries across the board . " I worry that the chaos on the House side has affected the public ’s view on whether Senate can credibly investigate this matter , " said Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine and a committee member . " I believe the answer to that is still yes , and that the Senate is the place . " Lamenting the " debacle " in the House , Senator Kamala Harris , Democrat of California and another committee member , said she believed that " the public is now shifting to us . " The congressional investigations are not related , but their focuses overlap , leaving the Senate panel to defend itself in the face of Mr. Nunes ’s assorted claims . While a vast majority of Republicans in the House have stood by The congressional investigations Nunes amid calls for him to recuse himself , the Senate panel furtive maneuvering   —    including bypassing his committee to brief the White House about relevant intelligence   —    has placed Mr. Nunes’s members in a difficult Mr. Nunes’s . And Mr. Nunes’s least Mr. Nunes’s Republican lawmaker , Representative Charlie Dent of Mr. Nunes’s , suggested on the House Senate should take the lead on Congress ’s investigation into the House between the president ’s orbit and Russia . The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , has long resisted calls for a special prosecutor or select committee , saying the Senate could do the job through regular protocol . On the House side , a string of perplexing decisions by Mr. Nunes has threatened to unravel the panel ’s investigation altogether . Last week , the Senate the Senate that he had obtained information indicating that people associated with the Trump transition may have been " incidentally " caught up in legal surveillance of foreign operatives . He also bypassed the committee ’s Mr. Nunes Democrat , Representative Mr. Trump claim Mr. Nunes President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower   —    an allegation dismissed not only by senior law enforcement officials , like the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , but also by the heads of the Senate and House investigations , including Mr. Trump . Another obstacle information indicating that people associated with the Trump transition may have been "incidentally" caught up in legal surveillance of foreign operatives came on Monday , with the Mr. Trump that Mr. Nunes had viewed what he characterized as " dozens " of reports containing classified information on the grounds of the White House . Democrats fumed , their suspicions fueled by speculation that the source of Mr. Nunes ’s information was a Trump administration official and that Mr. Nunes may have even coordinated with the White House . While Mr. Nunes defended himself by Mr. Nunes he needed to be Mr. Nunes the White House to view the sensitive documents in question , one can peruse sensitive information at the Capitol and at Democrats spots around Washington . Democrats have also chafed Mr. Nunes Nunes ’s shuffling of the hearing schedule . Earlier this Mr. Nunes with Mr. Schiff by his side the White House announced plans Mr. Nunes former officials Mr. Nunes testify , a Mr. Nunes that would include Sally Q. Yates the White House served as acting attorney general and alerted the administration that Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s former national security adviser , appeared to have lied Mr. Nunes contact with Russian officials . Last week , Mr. Nunes scrapped that public hearing , arguing that the committee Mr. Nunes Mr. Schiff time to question intelligence leaders . But on Tuesday he said this hearing had been postponed as well   —    as The Washington Post reported that White House officials had tried to stymie Ms. Yates ’s testimony . Democrats have accused Mr. Nunes of trying to Mr. Nunes not only the investigation but also the committee Mr. Nunes whole . Mr. Warner said on Wednesday that he would " like to see Ms. Yates at some point " before his Mr. Nunes . At the same time public hearing Senate investigation has not been   . Last month , Mr. Warner publicly scolded Mr. Burr after reports that Mr. Burr had spoken with the Mr. Nunes and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that Trump associates had been in consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives . In an emailed statement on Wednesday , Mr. Warner Chuck Schumer of New York Ms. Yates’s Democratic leader , took care to Mr. Warner Warner   —    though not Mr. Burr   —    as he expressed confidence in the Senate Mr. Warner " Mark Warner realizes the importance of the Mr. Burr front of him , and is pursuing it diligently and smartly , " Mr. Schumer said . " That gives the Democrats a lot of faith that the process on the Senate side can work Mr. Schumer that " contrary to maybe popular belief , " he and Mr. Warner were partners . And he insisted a rare joint news conference allegiance would not supersede the duties Mr. Warner Mr. Burr   " I ’ll do something I ’ve never done Mr. Warner I ’ll admit that I voted for Vladimir Putin’s , " Vladimir Putin’s Burr said of Mr. Trump . " But Vladimir Putin’s ’ve got a job in the United States Senate . " 
 Vladimir Putin’s Vladimir Putin’s the Senate Mr. Trump Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump Mr. Warner 