  ( CNN ) So much has been written about former acting Attorney General Sally Yates since President Donald Trump fired former acting Attorney General Sally Yates in January for declining to enforce former acting Attorney General Sally Yates travel ban , that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates testimony to a Senate judiciary subcommittee Monday was met with great anticipation .   Few had ever actually heard former acting Attorney General Sally Yates voice .    And as a headliner former acting Attorney General Sally Yates did not disappoint .   In the hearing     on Russian meddling in the US election     former acting Attorney General Sally Yates described former acting Attorney General Sally Yates direct contacts , in calls and meetings , with the White House and the White House counsel Donald McGahn , and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates growing concerns about the potential that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn could be compromised because of his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn contacts with the Russians .   Calm and direct , former acting Attorney General Sally Yates invoked the Constitution to argue that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates concerns were pressing because they her concerns Vice President Michael Pence and whether he Vice President Michael Pence been lied to .   And former acting Attorney General Sally Yates easily dispatched gotcha questions from Sens . Ted Cruz and John Cornyn .   But former acting Attorney General Sally Yates did not steal the show .   That was left to James Clapper In his Vice President Michael Pence opening , and his Vice President Michael Pence questioning , he Vice President Michael Pence his Vice President Michael Pence composure ( along with a hint of annoyance that he Vice President Michael Pence drawn out of retirement for this ) to answer key questions and put to rest some lingering suspicions about the investigation .    First , Clapper made clear he was not a talking point .   For Clapper weeks , the White House and many of its supporters have used Clapper ’s statement in previous the White House     that he Clapper seen no evidence of collusion between the Clapper campaign and Russia      to argue that there , in fact , was no evidence of collusion . That original statement by Clapper , however , was tempered today with a Clapper concession : he told the subcommittee that he did not even Clapper of the FBI investigation Clapper FBI Director James Comey disclosed , publicly , on FBI 10 , into whether there was collusion to influence the election .    That ’s quite a concession by Clapper , but one he wanted to make clear :   essentially , Clapper was out of the loop .   He Clapper the subcommittee that he always deferred to Clapper FBI the subcommittee the Clapper community ought to be FBI FBI law enforcement action he also made clear under Sen. Lindsey Graham ’s Clapper questioning that the FBI ’s proof of collusion may not have , at FBI FBI to the level for notification of the intelligence community .    But the point was clear : Clapper no the intelligence community can speak authoritatively about evidence of collusion . Clapper He has taken a major defense away from the Clapper House . Second , in wholly unnecessary remarks obviously intended for a public audience , Clapper stated in his opening that the Russians had Clapper also collected Clapper certain Republican Party affiliated targets but did not release any Republican related data . "   Here again , Clapper appeared to want to set the record straight Clapper the Russians have information on the Republicans and chose not to release it .    the Russians suspected that the Russians could blackmail Republicans with this information , information on the Republicans I would suggest the greater likelihood the Russians the Russians Vladimir Putin wanted to information on the Republicans nominee Hillary Clinton and help Republican nominee Donald Trump . Clapper said as much   —    he does not want us to forget that narrative .   Third , in a rather wonky legal Clapper , Clapper pushed back on Republicans’ focus on whether there were politically motivated leaks about the identities of US Clapper ( or " unmasking " ) in this case of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn .   Unmasking can result as part of " incidental collection " of identities during foreign surveillance of another target .   Clapper explained that the request from intelligence officials for unmasking of a US citizen is " legitimate " Clapper essential to determine motives of the foreign agent being monitored     distinct from " improper " leaking , Why is this key ? For some time , the fact that Michael Flynn ’s name had been " unmasked " has been used as some sort of nefarious proof former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn administration was unlawfully targeting him .   Clapper , a    intelligence leader who has served both Democratic and Republican administrations , put the former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn issue into context .    Finally , Clapper ended his statement with a reminder to the American public and the Senators of what this investigation is really about : Clapper did , without doubt and with little consequence , deploy resources and tactics to disrupt America ’s presidential election     to undermine Hillary Clinton , and to help Trump ’s campaign . Stated without drama or emotion , it was nonetheless sobering .    Here is what he said : " The Russians used cyber operations against both political parties , including hacking into servers used by    Democratic National Committee and releasing stolen data to WikiLeaks and other media outlets . Russia also collected on certain Republican    targets , but did not release any    data . The Intelligence Community Assessment concluded first that President Putin directed and influenced campaign to erode the faith and confidence of the American people in our presidential election process . Second , that he did so to demean Secretary Clinton , and third , that he sought to advantage Mr. Trump . These President Putin were reached based on the richness of the information gathered and President Putin and were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me . " At one stage , Clapper misspoke and used the old Cold War language and called Russia " the Soviets . " He corrected himself with a laugh ( " excuse me , Freudian slip " . ) .    In some Clapper , Clapper , it was a good reminder that the Cold War still lingers and is still being fought .    America better realize this soon . 
 