Reno , Nevada ( CNN ) A man who said he was representing the " " and embraced the label of " " was shouted down by Donald Trump supporters at a rally here Wednesday night .   Brady Garrett , 25 , was holding up signs during the rally that said " Research Holocaust Revisionism " and " 1488 , " the latter of which is a combination of numbers emblematic of Nazism and white supremacy . Donald Trump was escorted out of the event by Trump security . Talking to reporters after the rally , Garrett said the United States needs " to put European Americans first " and disparaged Zionists .   Garrett confirmed that Garrett was a    and disputed facts about the Holocaust . When asked if Garrett thinks espousing such views at a Trump rally could hurt the Republican nominee , Garrett said , " No . " " We need to speak the truth , " Garrett said , adding that Garrett does n’t " give a damn " about any of Trump policies and only supports Garrett because Garrett ’s " . "   Meanwhile , a couple dozen Trump Trump started circling him Trump yelling out    chants to try and drown him Trump . Others    confronted him Trump the reporters who were interviewing him Trump   " Why are you trying to speak for everybody ? You go speak for somebody else , " Robert Santos or Reno shouted at Garrett .   " The guy ’s a nut job , " Santos Robert Santos told CNN . Asked if it bothers him The guy someone like Garrett Garrett Trump , Santos Robert Santos , " It bothers me anywhere that they support anybody . It It their they but we do n’t need to interview that person . " One woman got in front of the cameras .   " I do n’t care what color people are if they people America , " she One woman . " This guy is an idiot ! " Another woman , Carleen Reich Simko , said " there were so many thousands of other people here without this white supremacy label . " Garrett was wearing a shirt with the label for the State of Jefferson , a secession movement in California .   A Turner also identified as a State of Jefferson supporter but said he Garrett " pissed off " at Garrett Garrett wearing that a shirt advocating Nazism at the same time .   " We do not support that garbage at all , " Turner said , visibly upset at the incident . 
 