  ( CNN ) When Juan Carlos    walked out of immigration detention on Wednesday afternoon , Juan Carlos    was greeted by some excited folks from Juan Carlos    adopted Illinois hometown .   Tim Grigsby , who has been buddies with the married father of three for 10 years , told  (CNN) Juan Carlos    friend was happy to be out and overwhelmed by the support Juan Carlos    has drawn from the residents of West Frankfort , a mining town of 8 , 000 people . Grigsby and some other friends drove to Missouri to bring Hernandez home . Hernandez ’s family could n’t come to pick Hernandez’s up because one of Hernandez’s sons was sick , Grigsby said . There was to be one stop on the way home , La Fiesta , the popular restaurant where Hernandez is a manager , for some Mexican food Hernandez has been craving . Hernandez had been locked up for 20 days after being arrested by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during a sweep that targeted another person . Hernandez remained in detention because of two DUIs and faced possible deportation .   But on Wednesday , Hernandez was released on a $ 3 , 000 bond issued by a federal immigration court in Missouri .   According to The New York Times , which observed the proceedings , Hernandez case was bolstered by letters from community leaders . " You do n’t typically see this kind of documentation , " Judge Justin W. Howard said . Grigsby told CNN that Hernandez , 38 , was overwhelmed by the letters of back from the town , which is in a county that backed Donald Trump for president . " I ’m very proud of my hometown , it ’s unbelievable the amount of support . But in reality it it not . This is a story about an individual that ’s remarkable , " Grigsby told CNN , adding that Hernandez was too worn out to talk to the media . His Arana also was there to greet Hernandez Hernandez his Hernandez .   Arana said he does n’t anticipate his client , who is going Arana the process to Arana a lawful permanent resident , will be detained again while they wait on a court date . Given the backlog his client, who is going through the process to become a lawful permanent resident immigration courts , Arana is hopeful that by time a date is scheduled Arana Hernandez Hernandez be close to getting a green card .   Waits for immigration status     the legal way     can be long and frustrating , The fact that Hernandez Hernandez married to a naturalized citizen also played a role in his release , Arana said . Hernandez Hernandez his Hernandez Hernandez is married to a naturalized citizen Elizabeth have Arana children . He Hernandez lived in the United States as an undocumented immigrant since coming from Mexico . Not everyone in town has been supportive of Hernandez Hernandez after learning he Hernandez illegally in the country for nearly two decades . He Hernandez to the United States law , go through the immigration process , some residents said . " No matter how good a person you are , illegal is illegal , " Amanda Mays said . 
 