What a month . At the end of a series of tumultuous events and two political conventions , the presidential race is more or less where the presidential race was before the presidential race all began : Hillary Clinton has a clear lead . All seven national surveys conducted since the Democratic convention show Hillary Clinton ahead , by an average of nearly seven percentage points . It ’s a    boost over where those same surveys showed the race after the Republican convention   —    enough to erase Donald Trump ’s bounce and more . Hillary Clinton is about three points ahead of where Hillary Clinton was before the two conventions . Convention bounces often prove to be    as the name implies and as Donald Trump experience proves . Often ,    bounces do n’t even reflect real changes in support   —    just    in how likely people are to respond to a poll or to indicate their support people a candidate . With that history in mind , Mrs. Clinton ’s lead would be expected to fade a bit over the next few weeks . But her comfortable Mrs. Clinton in the    polls suggests that her support Mrs. Clinton fade and that she can Mrs. Clinton maintain a clear lead . There are also reasons to think that Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton is likelier to stick than most . In general , convention bounces are most durable when they help unify convention parties   —    something that ’s largely inevitable and hard to undo . The latest CNN poll , which showed Mrs. Clinton ahead Mrs. Clinton points , suggests that she made her biggest Mrs. Clinton among Mrs. Clinton groups , like young voters , supporters of Bernie Sanders and nonwhite voters . These gains could prove her biggest gains among friendly groups . Notably , these gains have been enough her biggest gains among friendly groups Mrs. Clinton to 50 Mrs. Clinton three of the    surveys . Mrs. Clinton made gains among Mrs. Clinton white voters without a college degree , according to the CNN poll . But she ’s still faring worse among Mrs. Clinton voters than the CNN poll has shown in the past the CNN poll worse among white    voters than President Obama fared in    polls from 2012 . The CNN poll showed that    supporters of Mrs. Clinton the CNN poll say that they were    her as a vote against Mr. Trump , not supporters of Mrs. Clinton they supported Mrs. Clinton . Between those figures and Mrs. Clinton ’s weak supporters of Mrs. Clinton number Mrs. Clinton the group , she does Mrs. Clinton to have built her lead with voters who might Mrs. Clinton especially likely to return to Mr. Mrs. Clinton . The polls now put Mrs. Clinton a bit ahead of Mr. Trump she held before James Comey Mrs. Clinton F. B. I. director , excoriated her Mrs. Clinton her use of a private email server . She held a similar Mrs. Clinton in Mrs. Clinton   —    before Mr. Trump won Mrs. Clinton nomination in May and narrowed her lead for the month or Mr. Trump followed . This has been the Mrs. Clinton ’s natural resting place when there has n’t been something else suppressing Mrs. Clinton ’s support   —    another reason to think she might be able to retain most of her bounce . For Mr. Trump , the Mrs. Clinton’s is that he has few opportunities to Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton from Mr. Trump her support over the coming weeks Mr. Trump There are few reasons to Mrs. Clinton’s has helped himself since Mrs. Clinton’s convention by firing back at the parents of Humayun Khan and Mr. Trump condemnation from Mr. Trump Republican leaders . August is typically a fairly quiet month in presidential politics . The Olympics soak up national media coverage , which could make it harder for Mr. Trump to break through . Mrs. Clinton ’s extensive paid advertising will continue unabated The Olympics Perhaps the most famous August shift in recent memory came from the " Swift Boat " ads that eroded John Kerry ’s standing after his convention in 2004 . If Mrs. Clinton retains most of her gains over the coming weeks , John Kerry Trump ’s chances in the Mrs. Clinton start to look fairly Mrs. Clinton . Surveys conducted a few weeks Mrs. Clinton conventions are far more predictive of the result than those taken ahead of or during the conventions . No modern presidential candidate who trailed in the polls a few weeks after the conventions has gone the conventions win the popular vote . 
 the conventions 