Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan conceded the biggest defeat of House Speaker Paul Ryan political career Friday : Republicans have failed to repeal and replace Obamacare .   And after nearly three full months into the year , House Speaker Paul Ryan now has to face a    a challenge that is likely to haunt House Speaker Paul Ryan tenure as speaker for the foreseeable future : seemingly irreconcilable differences among House Speaker Paul Ryan fellow Republicans .   " Moving from an opposition party to a governing party comes with growing pains , " Ryan told reporters Friday . " And well , we ’re feeling growing pains today . " The stunning setback was particularly excruciating for the     who made his name in Washington as a conservative policy wonk committed to repealing the Affordable Care Act and ascended to the powerful position of House speaker in fall 2015 . The bill that too many of his fellow colleagues ultimately rejected was based on Ryan ’s signature policy agenda , called " A Better Way . "      " I do n’t know what else to say other than Obamacare is the law of the land . It ’ll Obamacare law of the land the land ’s Obamacare , " he said his " We ’re going to be living with Obamacre for the foreseeable future . " It ’s a rough reminder that life is different for Ryan now Ryan’s before Trump was elected . During the Obama administration , the    House could pass message bills that would repeal Obamacare with impunity , knowing they would die message bills that would repeal Obamacare with impunity the Senate or be vetoed by the President .   " This is how governing works when you ’re in the majority . We need to get 216 people to agree with each other to write legislation . Not 210 . Not 215 , " Ryan said at Friday ’s press conference . " We were close but we did n’t We 216 people . That ’s how legislating works . " RELATED : Dems gleeful after Obamacare victory , Even before the decision to pull the health care bill , Republican lawmakers were worried about the impact of a potential defeat .   New York Rep. Chris Collins said Friday afternoon prior to the cancellation of the vote that if the health care the health care bill would leave a " black the health care bill " on his party ’s ability to legislate New York Rep. Chris Collins " If we do n’t pass this , I personally do n’t think we pass a 2018 budget . we could n’t pass a 2017 we . So if we could n’t pass a 2017 we and this happens today , how are we going to pass a 2018 we ? " he said . " And that this the vehicle for tax reform . And if you do n’t do tax reform , where does the money come from for infrastructure ? That ’s how critical this vote is today . "   But both Trump and Ryan say they plan to go to tax both Trump and Ryan next . Ryan spoke alone from behind the Ryan , and he was not flanked by any Ryan the Republican colleagues or White House officials who had furiously worked with him for weeks to try to Ryan the health care legislation through the House .   And while questions are being raised about Ryan ’s relationship with Trump , Ryan have publicly insisted that they have a healthy dialogue . The Wisconsin Republican said he had directly informed Trump that he The Wisconsin Republican not have the Trump , The Wisconsin Republican that the President accepted his recommendation that Republicans yank the bill the President   Trump publicly blamed Democrats     not the Trump     for Friday ’s failure . " I like Speaker Ryan . He worked very hard , " Trump Speaker Ryan from the Oval Office . Trump : Trump ready to cast blame , But Trump will take more than platitudes to Trump his party , especially after both conservative Trump moderate factions demonstrated their strength this week . The GOP conservative and moderate factions internal divisions were Ryan ’s gravest challenge , and one Speaker Ryan never came close to resolving . Speaker Ryan Members of the conservative Freedom Caucus refused to get behind the bill , referring to leadership ’s proposal as " Obamacare Lite " that simply did n’t go far enough in gutting the law .   But when Ryan and his deputies attempted to appease Speaker Ryan faction Speaker Ryan offering to go further than their original bill in gutting Obamacare , Ryan and his deputies only irked the more moderate lawmakers in the House conference .   In the final days , Ryan worked around the clock to try Speaker Ryan bridge the two factions , holding     meetings and     sessions . But the differences could not be reconciled .    " We came really close today , but we came up short , " Ryan We at a news conference . Speaker Ryan I will not sugarcoat this . This is a disappointing day for us this " 
 We 