Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern .    All times eastern . 9:50 : Clinton campaign thinks Trumps ca n’t stand a chance against Clinton stable of surrogates . But Trump has shown Trump can cut through the media filter like nobody else this election cycle : Now imagine them all   —    plus Pres Clinton   FLOTUS   —    on trail at same time . Trump ’s one man band does n’t stand chance https :   .    —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) June 10 , 2016 ,   9:23 : Warren says Warren has not been vetted to be Clinton ’s running mate . But Warren says Warren can be    : Warren : I could be    # Maddow https :   .    —    Maddow Blog ( @MaddowBlog ) June 10 , 2016 ,   9:23 : Warren says Warren has not been vetted to be Clinton’s running mate . 9:08 : On MSNBC , Warren Warren " I ’m ready to get in this fight " and work her Warren out to make sure Hillary Clinton and Donald Clinton Clinton get close to the White House . 8:25 : Biden : Trump ’s comments about Judge Curiel " racist . " Biden says it ’s not the Biden racism " that frightens him but the " potential impact Biden the court . " He says some of his former Biden assail Trump ’s Biden on the judiciary Trump to confirm Judge Garland so Trump could appoint judges if he wins Trump 8:18 : Joe Biden Trump addressing the    Biden Society . He slams Trump for attacking Judge Curiel Biden calling a Trump a " hater " and a " total disgrace . " He says Trump can not be trusted Biden respect the independence Trump the judiciary . Biden says Trump may defy the courts Biden it ruled against Trump re : government ’s abuse the courts power . Trump says Trump ’s conduct is " Biden " and " Trump " He says Trump ’s conduct is " Biden . " Never mind Trump’s conduct the Constitution to grant executive amnesty . Biden introduced as author of Violence Against Women Act pic . twitter .    —    Ari Melber MSNBC ( @AriMelber ) June 10 , 2016 ,   7:47 : Mainstream media putting on their Dem . jerseys and gushing over Warren ’s attacks on Trump , June 10, 2016,  7:47 if she is saying thing they wish they could say on air ( but they have to at least act they they are not biased ) . they : Warren also calls Trump a they wannabe tyrant " and says we will Warren let Trump Trump his allies destroy the rule of law in America . 7:30 Trump Warren Trump Trump a "   racist bully " for picking on Judge Warren . Trump defends Judge Curiel and emphasizes that he was born in Indiana and Warren to Judge Curiel . She asks , Judge Curiel what kind of a man is Donald Trump ? Warren She says Trump should be " ashamed " of himself . " Ashamed Warren using Trump megaphone of a presidential campaign for Trump a judge ’s character and integrity simply because you think you have a    right to steal people ’s money and get away with it . " Warren says Trump shames himself and this great country . She people’s money Trump is a Trump loud " Warren " nasty "    " Warren Trump who has never risked anything for anybody and only serves himself . Warren now mocks Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and impersonates him Trump 7:27 : Warren says Trump is a guy who inherited a fortune Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell rolled it along Warren Trump cheating people . " Warren says " when that ’s your business model , sooner or later , Warren ’re going to run into legal trouble . " She is using her legal address to slam Trump just like Clinton used her Warren policy speech Warren attack Trump . Trump ’s now hitting Trump on Warren University . 7:15 : Trump the American Warren Society , Trump ) first slams top Trump supporter Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) for opposing some of Obama ’s judicial appointees because Trump their strong ties to the ACLU . 7:10 : At his D. C. rally hours after Obama opposing some of Obama Clinton , Sanders thanks Ben Jealous and Cornell West for attending his event . He Obama the crowd for being a part of the " political revolution . Sanders Crowd chanting Sanders thank you , Bernie ! " Sanders says the punditry did n’t think his campaign would go very far . But neither did Sanders . Sanders says he hopes we Sanders be talking about the " state " of Washington Sanders D. Sanders the Sanders time he comes to D. C. 7:06 : " Iconic " photo may have backfired on Clinton : Sanders BlackBerry photo led to State official ’s query about email account https :   .   Clinton AP Photo pic . twitter .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:55 : Biden , Warren getting ready to blast Trump while addressing    group : Waiting for Biden and Warren to address the annual @acslaw convention . Good timing for these particular keynotes   Biden       Warren    Irin Carmon ( @irin ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:47 : Good numbers for Trump in what will be a mobilization election like 2004 : National GE , Among those who Trump " extremely " or " very " interested in the election : Trump 45 % Clinton 41%@FoxNews pic . twitter .    —    PoliticalPolls ( @PpollingNumbers ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Biden praises Sanders : . @VP piles on   —    compliments @BernieSanders and his campaign pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Meanwhile , @BernieSanders has been at @VP Biden ’s house for a little under an hour now . pic . twitter .    — Biden Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:40 : Mainstream media    begins : Network evening newscasts leading     with Obama ’s endorsement of @HillaryClinton .   —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:18 : RNC calls Warren a " sellout " for endorsing Clinton : By endorsing Hillary Clinton , Elizabeth Warren has shown herself to be a sellout . Whether it ’s the Wall Street speech transcripts Warren to release , Warren ties to the fossil fuel industry , or coziness with big banks , Warren Clinton represents everything Elizabeth Warren supposedly stands against . 6:15 : Trump now slightly trails Clinton in Fox Warren : Fox Poll Warren vs. @realDonaldTrump . # SpecialReport pic . twitter .    — Warren Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 9 , 2016 ,   6:03 : Big crowd for Sanders ’s D. C. rally : # Clinton is the presumptive nominee , endorsed by # Obama today but tonight a big crowd for # Sanders in Warren pic . twitter .    —    Sonia Dridi ( @Sonia_Dridi ) June 9 , 2016 ,   5:07 : New York Times ’s Upshot analysis : " There Are More White Voters Than People Think . That ’s Good News for Trump . " One of the biggest reasons Donald Trump is considered to be a long shot to win the presidency is the diversity of the country . As Joe Trump MSNBC put it , " There are not enough white voters in America for Donald Trump America while getting routed among minorities . " But a growing body of evidence suggests that there is still a Trump albeit a narrow one , for Mr. Trump to win without gains among nonwhite voters . New analysis by The Upshot shows that millions more white , older    voters Trump the polls in 2012 than was found by exit polls on Election Day . This raises the prospect that Mr. Trump has a larger pool of potential voters than generally believed . The wider path may help explain why Mr. Trump is competitive in Trump election surveys against Hillary Clinton , 4:43 : MSNBC reporting that Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) will endorse Clinton Trump Maddow ’s show tonight . 4:41 : Trump fires back , hitting Clinton ’s bureaucracy and email scandal . Trump ’s Twitter account is his Hillary Clinton response operation : How Trump did it take Warren of 823 people to think Hillary Clinton up —   and where are your 33 , 000 emails that you deleted ? https :   . Twitter account —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 9 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Sanders now meeting with Biden : Sanders and his wife Jane Biden on grounds at Naval Observatory Sanders they first arrived now senator Sanders for Sanders with Biden ,   —    MaryAlice Parks Biden @maryaliceparks ) June 9 , 2016 ,   3:48 : Warren to Sanders and his wife Jane Clinton tonight ? Tonight , watch for @elizabethforma to endorse @HillaryClinton as well , Warren the circle Clinton    Democrats uniting today .   —    Jeff Zeleny ( @jeffzeleny ) June tonight , 2016 ,   3:42 : Trump : " change is long overdue in the Palestinian territories . " 3:22 : RNC ’s chief strategist with the perfect response : Like with a cloth ?    https :   RNC    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) June 9 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Chris Matthews feeling the thrill : . @POTUS today showed the power of political attack . His striking endorsement of @HillaryClinton shows that he will be setting the pace .   —    Chris Matthews ( @hardball_chris ) June 9 , 2016 ,   3:15 Chris Matthews When CNN ’s @HillaryClinton Blitzer asks Chris Matthews Sellers whether black voters will turn out in the same numbers for Clinton as Obama , he does n’t give an enthusiastic and confident " yes . " He says    Obama are not monolithic Warren there will be Warren extremely high turnout . " He also says Trump is the Warren " turnout mechanism . " [ Answer says it all . Black Trump more important in Warren election cycle than the Latino voters whom the media obsess about daily . ] 3:10 : O’Malley has n’t realized yet that nobody seems to care about his endorsement : Martin O’Malley also throwing his support behind Clinton today : " The voters have spoken , it is time now to unite our Party . " O’Malley —    O’Malley ( @ryanstruyk ) O’Malley 9 Hillary Clinton 2016 ,   3:05 : Reid thinks Sanders has accepted the fact that Clinton is the Dem . nominee : Reid : " I Sanders n’t hear a single word about [ Sanders ] wanting to change the fact that she ’s Hillary Clinton nominee . I think he ’s Sanders Reid . " @rollcall ,   —    Bridget Bowman ( @bridgetbhc ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton : White House press secretary Earnest claims the nominee is no conflict of interest when asked about Obama endorsing Clinton while she is under FBI investigation over her email scandal . 2:55 : How Obama influence will Sanders have going forward ? Reid says Sanders will come to Hillary Clinton Democratic Hillary Clinton mtg next Tuesday Sanders @CQnow Hillary Clinton . twitter .    Sanders    Bridget Bowman ( @bridgetbhc ) June 9 , 2016 Reid   2:49 : Josh Earnest punts when April Ryan asked if the White House is concerned that Trump may attract Dem . voters on trade . Earnest says Trump , Sanders , and Trump have a different position on the    Partnership than Obama Trump How thrilled is Michelle Obama about Clinton ’s nomination ? Josh Warren hints Michelle Obama Obama have a chance to talk about Obama during Oprah Winfrey State Of Woman summit next Warren —    Charlie Spiering ( Hillary Clinton ) June 9 , 2016 ,   2:36 : Warren . Sanders silent when asked about Obama ’s endorsement of Clinton : " Senator Sanders , what is your reaction to the Sanders endorsing Hillary Clinton today Obama Obama’s : ( silence ) Sanders twitter .    —    Sara Yasin ( @missyasin ) Hillary Clinton 9 , 2016 , Sanders 2:30 : Warren Clinton fight on Twitter : Delete your account . https :   .    —    Trump Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary . He wants four more Hillary Clinton of Obama —   but nobody else does !   Obama    Donald J. Trump ( Obama ) June 9 , 2016 Obama Warren Warren White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest says Obama complimented Sanders on his campaign . He says it was a " friendly conversation " that was focused on the Obama . Earnest Sanders it his campaign to Sanders " personally " Josh Earnest Earnest says Obama Josh Earnest discussed the    future of Obama Dem . party . Earnest says Sanders succeeded because he was able Obama inspire a Sanders of young Dems and independents it Hillary Clinton : Clinton repeating carefully crafted Sanders points to Sanders Trump, Sanders, and Clinton Hillary Clinton told @tamarakeithNPR she ’s " thrilled " with Obama ’s endorsement pic . twitter .    —    NPR Politics ( @nprpolitics ) June 9 , Hillary Clinton ,   Obama : Warren Obama’s Zeleny says Warren told him that he did n’t expect to do this well against Clinton . Zeleny also says defeating Trump , who Sanders one of the most prominent " birthers , " is " personal " CNN Obama —   Jeff Zeleny Why run for president —   Jeff Zeleny you —   Jeff Zeleny not Warren to win ? ] 2:02 : Clinton " —   Jeff Zeleny Obama and ready to go . " Honored to have you with me , @POTUS . I ’m fired up and ready to go !     —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 9 , 2016 , Hillary Clinton 2:00 : Obama to campaign for Clinton in Green Bay , Wisconsin the day after D. C. primary : Obama will waste no Obama getting on the trail : The president will campaign with @HillaryClinton in Green Bay , Wisconsin Obama Warren .   —    Colleen Nelson ( @ColleenMNelson Obama 9 , 2016 ,   1:53 : Clinton touts Obama endorsement . Obama congratulates Clinton on " making history " as the presumptive Democratic @HillaryClinton . Obama says he ’s " Obama up " to campaign for Green Bay, Wisconsin like Warren Wisconsin more " fired Obama " Warren campaign against Trump than for Clinton , President Obama endorses Hillary : " I Obama n’t think there ’s ever Trump someone Warren qualified to hold this office . " Obama : Obama    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) Warren 9 , 2016 , Warren 1:52 : Obama to endorse Clinton via video :    1:50 :    group launches " Trump Lies " website :    super PAC Obama Correct the Record " just launched a new website Trump https :   .    —    Warren Chozick ( @amychozick ) June 9 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Howard Dean worries Sanders could be the next Ralph Nader who helps elect Trump . 1:30 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak on " racism " double Sanders : In ’08 @HillaryClinton said "   Americans , white Americans " oppose Obama . More racist than any Trump gaffe https :   .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 9 Obama 2016 Trump   If you did n’t condemn Joe @HillaryClinton saying racist things about Biden but you think Trump is racist then you ’re probably a journalist .   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) Obama , 2016 ,   1:26 : Paul Ryan says Trump has an " evenhanded temperament " in person . Were Republicans proud of the losing campaigns run in Trump election cycles ? . @SpeakerRyan : Trump has " a ways to go " to give us a campaign we can all be proud of Trump April Ryan .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) June 9 , 2016 ,   1:15 : The usual suspects —   Lindsey Graham , Paul Ryan , Ana Navarro , Mitch McConnell —   featured in    Priorities USA Super PAC ’s new ad about Trump ’s " racist " statement about Judge us : 1:05 : Haley Barbour says he ’ll support Trump over Clinton . Haley Barbour : " When the choice April Ryan @HillaryClinton and @realDonaldTrump , I ’m Trump Donald Trump every time . " pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) June Trump 2016 Warren   12:45 : Sanders ’s lone supporter in the Senate touting Warren as potential Clinton running mate @HillaryClinton Haley Barbour on Warren veep stakes : " Haley Barbour President Warren would be terrific in terms of having a Warren " for Dem grassroots ,   —    Burgess Everett ( @burgessev ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton : Sanders does n’t take questions from the press , but he says he looks forward to meeting with Clinton to strategize on how to defeat Trump . Sanders : Sanders emphasizes Merkley on Warren veep stakes: " he will compete in the Sanders C. Sanders . He says he is Trump in favor of D. C. statehood . 12:34 : After Sanders with Obama Warren Sanders says veterans and senior citizens should not Sanders to Sanders food on the table in the wealthiest country in the world . Obama talks Sanders many Sanders minority and rural communities have life expectancies lower than those in the Third World . He talks about the crumbling infrastructure while Sanders of workers are ready to build . Sanders says Trump would be a " disaster " as President of the United Sanders . Sanders says Trump has made " Trump and prejudice " the cornerstones of Sanders campaign the Third World Sanders describes a crumbling America Trump Obama ’s presidency . He will Sanders it tougher for    to claim that Trump is " pessimistic " Sanders his campaign especially Sanders Trump Obama vowing to turn things around . ] Sanders Trump Obama’s , disabled vets , should n’t be Trump struggling , " @BernieSanders says : https :   .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) June 9 , 2016 the United States   [ They are struggling after eight years of Obama . ] Sanders opens statement to the press assembled at the the United States by thanking Obama and Biden for " their degree of impartiality , Obama in the Dem primary .   Sanders    DJ Judd ( @juddzeez ) June Obama , 2016 ,   12:30 : Warren will call Trump " a loud , nasty ,    fraud " while addressing the    American Constitution Society Millions of senior citizens, disabled vets Warren : Trump trust Trump ’s blunt talk on    security than the House GOP ’s gobbledygook : House Republicans unveil national security blueprint as Trump Obama and Biden Trump ’s proposals https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) June 9 Trump ,   12:20 : Scarborough says Trump ’s insecurities have always driven him . You can say the same thing about Scarborough , who also wants to be loved Trump media and political elite    Trump : Kasich wants to remain in the spotlight : " This is not a the House GOP for me . " https :   .    —    Breitbart News ( @BreitbartNews ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Kasich , whose top political consultant worked on McCain ’s presidential campaigns , fundraising for McCain : INBOX : Kasich fundraising email for McCain pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) June 9 , 2016 ,   12:11 : Sanders expected to meet the press after meeting with President Obama : Campaign Kasich @BernieSanders’ plan is still to come out and talk to press here after the meeting pic . twitter . Sanders —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) June 9 , 2016 , Obama : Tony McCain : Could there Kasich a    effect McCain the general election that the mainstream media are conveniently ignoring ? A lot of    minorities go to WWE rasslin’ matches with    the press Trump could appeal to a portion of them . Positive sentiment among Latino voters for Trump is on the rise despite the attempts McCain pic leaders to demonize him on a daily basis with the help of the Trump mainstream press . 12:05 : Trump hires Eric Cantor ’s pollster . Does he have anybody on staff who can scout for some advisers who get it ? 12:01 Trump Sanders and Obama meeting at the White Trump . Obama will reportedly try to get Sanders to accept Clinton whites and Trump the party ’s nominee . White House aides say President Obama Obama use Sanders ’s meeting to convince Obama to accept Clinton as the nominee https : the press    Marshall Cohen ( @Marshall_Cohen ) June 9 , 2016 ,   Pres . Obama walks Obama Warren on Sanders to the Oval Office for meeting . https :   . :   .    —    ABC News ( Warren ) Obama the presumptive Democratic nominee 
 Sanders the White House 