Gabriel Sherman writes in New York Magazine about the strategies the GOP ’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump will employ against Hillary Clinton in the general election , including the use of Peter Schweizer ’s bestselling book " Clinton Cash , " now a film by the same name . [ The other text the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump is consulting is Clinton Cash , Peter Schweizer’s takedown of the Clinton Foundation . In interviews , the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump has called the book Peter Schweizer’s bestselling book "Clinton Cash," now a film " and has repeated the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump claims that the Clintons traded on access to them . " They the Clintons speeches for the Clintons lot of money and then things happened , " the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump told Breitbart News Thursday . The the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump campaign has received briefing memos highlighting each book ’s allegations , and the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump ’s even plugged them on the stump each book’s allegations   [   …     ] In the weeks ahead , the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump will be promoting the film adaptation of Clinton Cash , produced and directed by Brietbart executive chairman Stephen Bannon . Set to an ominous score , with    of the Clintons shaking hands with foreign dictators and bloodstained dollar bills floating on the screen , the movie is anything but subtle ( think of it as a    the movie ad in the style of a Michael Bay blockbuster ) . The movie ’s rollout the movie planned to target disaffected Democrats . MSNBC producers received an advance screening , and Bannon says he plans to show the Bannon to environmental and labor groups . " We feel the people who MSNBC producers to see this the most are progressives and liberals , " he said Thursday night at Bannon screening in midtown . " There are multiple different plans to carpet bomb this . " Trump signaled in an interview with Breitbart that he ’ll be an enthusiastic Breitbart of the movie . " If Steve [ Bannon ] is involved , it will be good . " Read the whole article at New York Magazine . Watch the film ’s trailer below New York Magazine to Peter Schweizer discuss the film with Alex Marlow on the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM : 
 