’   ’ ’    The most important thing we have learned this year is that ,    when the Republican Party was hijacked by a dangerous    fascist who threatens to destroy the institutions that make    America great and free , most Republicans up and down the    organizational chart stood behind him and . ’ ’    Some did this because Some are fools who do not understand why    Trump is dangerous . ’ ’    Some did it because Some were naïve enough to believe him could be    controlled and manipulated into implementing a normal Republican    agenda . ’ ’    Of course , there were the minority of Republicans who did what    was right and withheld the minority of Republicans who did what   was right and withheld their support from Trump: people    Nebraska   Sen. Ben Sasse, and   CEO and megadonor Meg    support from Trump : people     Nebraska    Sen. Ben Sasse , and    CEO and megadonor Meg    Whitman , the latter of whom called Trump " a threat to the    survival of the republic . " ’ ’    I want to focus on a fourth group : Republican politicians    who understand exactly how dangerous Trump " is , but who    have chosen to support him Trump " for reasons of strategy ,    careerism , or cowardice . ’ ’    I am talking , for example , about Sen. Marco Rubio , who in the    primary called Trump Trump " " erratic individual " who must not be    trusted with nuclear weapons   —    and then endorsed him Trump "    president . ’ ’    I am talking about Sen. Ted Cruz , who called Trump a    " pathological liar " and " utterly amoral "   —    and   even though    Trump Trump apologized for threatening to " spill the beans " on    Cruz’ ’s wife and suggesting Cruz’   Cruz’ father was    involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . ’ ’    Most of all , I’’m talking   a man whose    pained , blue eyes suggest he I’’m wants to cry for    help . He’ ’s a man who runs around the country pathetically trying    to pretend that Trump does not exist and that the key issue is    his Trump caucus ’’ " Better Way " agenda . And he’ He’ a man    who , of his He’ free will , seeks to help Donald Trump become    president . ’ ’    These men are not fools like Ben Carson . ’ ’   ’ ’    To borrow a phrase from Rubio , they These men exactly what they These men are doing : They These men taking an action that risks the destruction    of the American republic to advance their These men interests . ’ ’    They These men what Meg Whitman knows about the risks Trump poses to    America . Rubio Rubio warned specifically of the risk of Trump Trump a nuclear war ! But they do specifically of the risk of Trump    care . ’ ’    I can only conclude from the available evidence that    they love specifically of the risk of Trump    careers specifically of the risk of Trump    than they love specifically of the risk of Trump    America   America America are why specifically of the risk of Trump    quit the Republican    Party this week . ’ "    I ’m not a conservative . I know a lot of you already    thought my    affiliation was a trolling exercise ,    and honestly    my registration change . " "    I became    Republican as a teenager because of my upbringing in    Massachusetts , a state where the GOP has produced five    good governors in my lifetime , from Bill Weld ( now the    Libertarian Party ’s vice presidential nominee ) to Charlie Baker .    I worked for Mitt Romney when he ran for Mitt Romney , and while I    did not like his presidential campaigns Mitt Romney I think he has a Mitt Romney    in Massachusetts he can be Mitt Romney of . " ’    All four living current and former Republican governors of    Massachusetts oppose Trump . ’ ’    I stayed a Republican because of my background working    in state and local government finance , a policy area where a      Republican Party can bring important    restraint . I have voted Republican , for example , in each of the    last three New York City mayoral races . ’ "    I do n’t think it was ridiculous to be in a party that I disagreed    with on a lot of national issues . Change is made through party    coalitions the Republican Party I thought the Republican Party was where I    was more likely to be able to improve ideas at the margin in    the long run    Being a member of a party does not obligate you to    vote for its    candidates in    meantime . " ’    But what this    has made clear is that policy is not the    most important problem with the Republican Party . the Republican Party ’ ’    The Republican Party had a fundamental the Republican Party Because of the   so many of its voters live in , and    because the Republican Party the   that had been willfully whipped up by    so many of its politicians , it    possible for the the Republican Party to be the Republican Party taken over by the Republican Party promising revenge . ’ "    And because there are only two major parties in the United    States , and either of the parties’ nominees can become president ,    such a vulnerability in the Republican Party constitutes a    vulnerability in our the Republican Party "    I ca n’t be a part of an organization that creates that kind of    risk . " ’    My editor asked why I became a Democrat instead of an    independent . I did that because I believe political parties    are key vehicles for    and choosing not to join    one is choosing to give up influence . ’ ’    I agree with Sasse , the senator from Nebraska , that parties exist    in service of policy ends , and that loyalty to the party   on whether loyalty serves those ends .    Because of this , it is worth joining a party even if you do    this intend to be a partisan , and even if you will often oppose    what the party does . ’ "    Sasse was one of a party and loudest voices of resistance to    Trump in the Republican Party , and after the    civil war    that is sure to ensue from Trump ’s loss , I wonder whether he will    decide remaining   Trump in the Republican Party GOP does a service to the   Trump in the Republican Party he cares    about . " "    Sasse is a lot more   Trump in the Republican Party than I am , so I do n’t expect him    to become a Democrat . It makes sense for people like Sasse    Kasich to try , after the election , to wrest control Sasse the party    away from the conspiracy nuts and   . " "    But I believe they will fail . And I ’m not going to stick around    to the party    .   " ’ CORRECTION : An earlier version of this article said Ted Cruz    had called Donald Trump a " con artist . " It was Marco Rubio who    called him that . It’ ’s become difficult to keep track of which    Trump Ted Cruz    said which things about Trump’ ’s manifest    unfitness to be president . ’ 
 