New York ( CNN ) Donald Trump argued Tuesday that the American public knows very little about Hillary Clinton ’s religion , raising questions about how it will impact Hillary Clinton’s leadership should Hillary Clinton’s become president . " We do n’t know anything about Hillary in terms of religion , " Donald Trump said , speaking to a group of Christian leaders in New York . " Now , Hillary Clinton’s ’s been in the public eye for years and years , and yet there ’s no     there ’s nothing out there . There ’s like nothing out there . It ’s going to be an extension of Obama but It ’s going to be worse , because with Obama you had your guard up . With Hillary you do n’t , and It ’s going to be worse . " Trump was addressing a small group of    evangelicals ahead of speaking before a larger group of religious leaders at a gathering hosted by the Christian group , United in Purpose . E. W. Jackson , who tweeted video of Trump remarks , said the comment came while Trump Trump trying to say that conservatives tend to get questioned more about their conservatives than liberals .   " I think everybody in there knows Hillary Clinton is a Methodist and by definition a Christian , " Jackson told CNN . " He Jackson saying for those of us who are students of the Christian faith     for evangelicals that can mean everything is thoroughly examined , like what do you believe about marriage ? What do you believe about abortion ? " Jackson , who ran as the 2013 Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in Virginia , said he Jackson, who ran as the 2013 Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in Virginia " accused of believing all kinds of crazy things " when he Jackson, who ran as the 2013 Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in Virginia a politician . " All ( Trump ) was saying was she a politician n’t had that same examination , so we do n’t really know what she a politician , " he Jackson, who ran as the 2013 Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in Virginia . Ken Blackwell , a Family Research Council fellow and Ohio politician , praised Trump ’s comments about " protecting religious liberty and speech , because I know this administration     and given that the this administration     be a third term of Barack Obama , she would be this administration     third term in her attack on this administration     liberty in general . "   " I have no reason to attack her faith , this administration     just question her ability to this administration     my right , my family ’s right , my church ’s right to practice our faith in the public square , " Blackwell said .   Marjorie Dannenfelser , the president of the Susan B. Anthony List , said there ’s been " very little public conversation about ( Clinton ’s ) faith . "   " I think it would be very helpful to hear what her faith is (Clinton’s) faith the core of her belief is Clinton " she said . Clinton The day after Trump ’s remarks , Clinton appealed to Clinton Christian faith Clinton the guiding source for her desire to Clinton children .   " Every single child deserves the chance to live up to his or her    Every single child Clinton That has been the cause of my life . It ’s rooted in That values that I ’ve learned from my family and my faith , " she said Wednesday Clinton Raleigh . " We have responsibility to lift each other up , " she added . Clinton As we Methodists like to say , do all the good you can to all the people you can in all the ways you can . "   While it ’s true Clinton does n’t regularly talk about her faith , she Clinton had a Clinton of public interactions with people where they discussed her faith . RELATED her faith personal exchange , Clinton laments using faith Clinton ’judge so harshly’ She also talked about Clinton faith in an Clinton with CNN in January , saying , " My faith is a central part of who I am . " " What I believe , why I ’m called to service because I feel that I ’ve had a lot of blessings in my life and a lot of others are not so fortunate , " she said . " Clinton I ’m grateful that I was ’m raised with a faith and that the faith has sustained me a faith am very committed to what I believe is the discipline and the mandates that you should be responding to as a Christian and for me that has a lot to do with , you know , lifting up those who are the last , the lost and the least among us and trying to give more people a chance to chart a more positive for themselves . That ’s what I more people always cared about and that ’s what I ’ll do as president . " Trump has questioned other candidates’ faith , as well . Of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Trump tweeted in February : " Trump can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian Texas Sen. Ted Cruz lies so much and is so Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ? " He also urged the group Tuesday to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for his election .   " What you Texas Sen. Ted Cruz have to do is pray to get everybody out to vote , for one specific person , " Trump said . " And we Trump n’t be     again     politically correct and say we pray for all of our leaders we all of your leaders we selling Christianity down the our leaders selling Evangelicals down the tubes . " 
 