’   ’ ’    The US House of Representatives on Friday struck the second blow    against the Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare . ’ ’    The US House of Representatives passed a resolution Friday Friday directs committees in    the Senate to draft legislation that would repeal the ACA . ’ "    The a resolution Friday that directs committees in   the Senate to draft legislation that would repeal the ACA followed a morning of spirited debate ,    including a colorful   from one Republican lawmaker . But both parties    largely stuck to their talking points both parties    Republicans highlighted    increasing premiums    costs , while Democrats focused on    expanded coverage    more than 20 million Americans . " ’    In the end , the resolution passed 227 to 198 , with nine    Republicans and no Democrats crossing party lines . ’ ’    " By taking this first step toward repealing Obamacare , we are    closer to giving Americans relief from the problems this law has    caused , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement . " Too many    families have seen costs soar , quality drop , and choices reduced    to one   —    which just isn’’t a choice at all . This resolution gives    us the tools we need for us     approach to fix these    problems and put Americans back in control of their health care Americans " ’ ’’ "    There was a sliver of doubt about the resolution ’s This resolution    Sen. Rand Paul tried to   over concerns    that repealing the law without a replacement would increase the    federal deficit . Paul was the only Sen. Rand Paul to vote against the    resolution in the Senate . " "    Despite Paul ’s attempted wrangling Sen. Rand Paul march toward the repeal    of Obamacare continues . " ’    Republicans are using what is called   to repeal a large part of Obamacare . ’ ’    Obamacare reconciliation allows lawmakers to pass legislation that    affects the federal budget with a simple majority . In this case ,    outlays for things in    ACA such as Medicaid expansion and    funding for the exchanges    which people can sign up for    insurance fit the bill    ’ ’    Trying to pass a bill outside budget reconciliation would allow    Democrats to filibuster any    . A filibuster can be    quashed only with a    vote , which needs to be approved by    60 senators to pass . ( The Senate has 52 Republicans . ) ’ ’    So where does the resolution passed by the House on Friday go    next ? ’ ’    Relevant committees will convene over the next few weeks to begin    the process of drafting    repeal bill . The resolution has a    the resolution passed by the House on Friday directs these committees    come up with ’ ’   Relevant committees    of the repeal bill by January 27 . a repeal bill From there , the draft will act like any other bill   a draft   of the repeal bill it ’ll go to    a vote on it in a draft   of the repeal bill House , where it would need a a draft   of the repeal bill majority    to pass , a draft   of the repeal bill then to a vote the Senate , where it can be amended .    If it is amended a draft   of the repeal bill    it goes to a conference a draft   of the repeal bill . " "    it is amended the Senate adds amendments , the conference committee , made Senate of both House and Senate members responsible for drafting the    bill , would come Senate and create a compromise bill . That bill    would then go through votes in both bodies a compromise bill passed , go to      Donald Trump ’s desk for a signature or veto . " ’    Though the repeal is at the top of the legislative agenda , Trump    is unlikely to put his pen into action on it anytime     Donald Trump ’ ’    GOP leaders     Donald Trump comments that they want his pen replace the bill at the    same time they repeal it ’ ’   GOP leaders’’ that a seamless transition may    take time . Ryan ’ ’   GOP leaders’’ said the bill law’ ’s replacement and repeal would    happen " concurrently , " and Trump has said it will   ’ 
 the law’’s replacement and repeal 