  ( CNN ) A new poll finds that many Americans are not optimistic about what the GOP health care bill will do to the GOP health care bill coverage .   Although President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress promise that President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress plan will cover more people and cost less , nearly half of Americans do n’t believe it , according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll released Wednesday .   And while many Republicans are confident that defunding Planned Parenthood is the right move , the greater majority oppose that idea , that idea says . This is the latest poll on the legislation from the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation .   the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation polled Americans from March    before the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released an estimate Monday predicting that     unlike Obamacare , which brought the uninsured rate to an    low     the GOP bill will send the country ’s uninsured rate higher than before the Affordable Care Act .   That change could be immediate for 14 million Americans who could become uninsured next year , according to the report . Of the more than 1 , 200 nationally representative random Americans polled , Kaiser found that 48 % think the GOP plan will cover fewer people , compared with the one in five who said the an   low    the GOP bill increase coverage .   Trump and congressional Republicans have vowed to lower costs with their health Trump and congressional Republicans plans , but nearly half ( 48 % ) of Americans polled think the bill an   low    the GOP bill costs for people who buy their own insurance Trump and congressional Republicans while 23 % think it will lower costs .   The thinking falls along partisan lines . Of those who think the bill will an   low    the GOP bill , 46 % are Republicans . Most Democrats     71 %     expect higher costs . Independents tend to side with the Democrats 47 % Most Democrats    71%     will increase . Most people think the GOP bill will an   low    the GOP bill both younger and older people , city and rural residents , and people who are poor . The public is divided on whether the costs will go up for the rich .     Overall , the public is torn over health care The public    percent think the Affordable Care Act should not be repealed , but 45 % think it should .   Among those favoring repeal The public 24 % want Congress to come up with a plan to replace it before they act to change it , but 19 % want an immediate it like House Speaker Paul Ryan argues is necessary . Coverage of    conditions , which would not change under the proposed GOP legislation , is also on Americans’ minds . Most people think coverage will stay the same ( 45 % ) but 32 % still think fewer people with    conditions will be covered than now , and 15 % think more people with    conditions will have increased protections .      has given mixed signals about Planned Parenthood , saying " millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood " but supporting a GOP plan Planned Parenthood all federal funding from the affordable health care and family planning group . In the Kaiser poll , 75 % of Americans are against defunding . Planned Parenthood ’s work is    with those polled Planned Parenthood least    said they knew about the range of services the organization provides those polled including contraception , testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases , preventive services , cancer screenings and abortions .   What those polled did n’t know well is the law on abortion funding : Only a third knew that there is a ban on using federal Medicaid funds to pay for abortions . Americans seemed almost sentimental when they were asked about Obamacare in February , when 54 Americans approved of it , an increase from previous surveys . In the latest Kaiser poll , 49 % had a favorable view of Obamacare the way it is , and 44 % did Obamacare like it .   
 49% 