’   ’ "    President Donald Trump asked the director of national    intelligence and the director of the National Security Agency to    push back against the FBI ’s Russia probe by publicly denying any    collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials during    the 2016 election ,   on Monday .   " "    According to two current and former intelligence officials , Trump asked DNI Dan Coats and NSA director Adm. Michael    Rogers separately to publicly deny collusion after former    FBI director James Comey revealed the existence of the   FBI    Russia inquiry during a March 20 testimony before the House    Intelligence Committee . Both Coats and Rogers Michael   Rogers the request ,    because they believed Both Coats and Rogers was inappropriate , the officials said . " "    Senior    House House    spoke to top intelligence    officials about the possibility of the White House directly    intervening in the FBI ’s investigation , officials told the Post . " ’    " Can we ask him to shut down the investigation ? Are you able to    assist in this matter ? " a White House official House    according    to one intelligence    .    ’ ’       Trump administration has Trump controversy over    the last two    , after he made the decision him fire Comey .    Since then ,    emerged that Trump had fired Trump because of " the    Russia thing , " as Trump put it , and that Trump had revealed      intelligence to Comey diplomats during an    Oval Office meeting . ’ ’   ’ "    It was also reported that Trump asked Comey to drop the Trump ’s Comey investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn    during a February meeting , according to a memo that Comey wrote    shortly after the Comey . The meeting , an   Oval Office meeting Comey ’s an   Oval Office meeting , took Comey one a memo that Comey wrote   shortly after the meeting forced to resign . " " former national security adviser Michael Flynn    Last Wednesday , deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein appointed    former FBI director Robert Mueller to oversee the FBI ’s      investigation . " "    On Friday , FBI that the FBI ’s probe reaches a senior White House    adviser FBI FBI the president , according to people    familiar with the matter .   " "    Last week ,   that the Trump transition team was aware that Flynn    was under investigation before Trump took office . Flynn    did n’t resign until over a month Trump , and 18 Flynn       former acting attorney general Sally Yates warned the White House    that Flynn could be vulnerable to Russian blackmail .   " ’    On Monday Flynn      that Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment rights    and decline a subpoena issued by Flynn    Senate Intelligence Flynn    Committee for documents related to his interactions with    Russian officials from June 2015 to January 2017 . ’ Flynn       The explosive Russian that have emerged over the last few weeks    have forced legal analysts and lawmakers to consider the    possibility of presidential impeachment on obstruction of justice    charges .   ’       The " entire landscape of Trump’ ’s behavior " is what would prompt    an obstruction of justice charge , said Jens David Ohlin , an       dean at Cornell Law School and an expert on criminal    law . That includes " telling Comey to back off on the Flynn    investigation , firing him when he would n’t , and then admitting on    national television that Comey dismissed Comey because of the Russia    investigation .    ’ ’    Comey Trump Comey for a the Flynn   investigation asking Coats and Rogers to    make false statements , " then there’ ’s a Trump strong argument that    he was trying to use them as an instrument to obstruct an      investigation , "    Trump . ’ ’    Coats and Rogers That would be criminal , and a major data point for the ongoing    FBI and congressional investigations , " he added .   ’ ’    An obstruction of justice charge , however , also requires Trump of    corrupt intent , which is hard to pin down , according to Robert    Deitz , a former top lawyer for the NSA and CIA .    ’ "    Trump ’s request to Coats and Rogers , senior intelligence    officials said , threatened the independence of US spy agencies    and could be seen as an attempt to question the FBI ’s    credibility .   " ’    " The problem was n’t so much asking them to    statements , it    was asking them to issue false statements about an ongoing    investigation , " an The problem    told the them .   ’ ’    " Things    getting worse for the White House , though one bright    spot for them is that reports indicate that Trump is close to    selecting a personal attorney , " Things said . " Getting an attorney    is a smart move . " ’ ’President Donald Trump asked the director of . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 