Democrats will vote in six states on Tuesday , just hours after Hillary Clinton secured enough superdelegates , according to a survey by The Associated Press , to make Hillary Clinton the party ’s presumptive presidential nominee . But the focus will be on just one of those states : California , the nation ’s most populous state and a liberal stronghold , where Senator Bernie Sanders is hoping to seize a victory to make the case for staying in the race until the party ’s convention in July . The question of the day is not whether Mrs. Clinton will declare victory , but in what terms , and how she Mrs. Clinton begin to frame the general election race against Donald J. Trump , the Republican Party ’s presumptive nominee . But there will also be something to watch on the Republican side , as Mr. Trump is expected to hold a news conference in New York to mark the end of primary season . He Mr. Trump been heavily criticized   —    including by many in his Mr. Trump party   —    for his Mr. Trump on a federal judge ’s Mexican heritage , and he Mr. Trump questions about how he Mr. Trump respond . Voting will also take place on Tuesday in Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico , North Dakota and South Dakota . Here are a few of the dynamics we ’ll be watching : In her Mrs. Clinton Tuesday night , Mrs. Clinton will become the first woman to claim victory in a major party ’s presidential nominating fight . She Mrs. Clinton intermittently emphasized the historic nature of her Mrs. Clinton , and it may work to her Mrs. Clinton to stress that theme amid Mr. Trump ’s continuing struggles with female voters . But Mrs. Mrs. Clinton has a broader choice to make , about how to position herself in Mrs. Clinton of the    moments of her campaign Mrs. Clinton Will she move Mrs. Clinton calm Sanders supporters and consolidate support on the left , or reach out to moderates and Republicans who may be wary of Mr. Trump ? Will she go Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump in hard language , or focus on sketching a positive rationale for her own Mrs. Clinton ? Her choices Mrs. Clinton night could set the shape of the race between now and the conventions in July . The slim path available to Mr. Sanders narrowed even further Monday evening with the news report that Mrs. Clinton had crossed the    threshold through support from party leaders . In order to press forward , Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders dire need of an upset win in California . By taking the nation ’s most populous state , his supporters hope Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders could Mr. Sanders mandate to keep fighting all the way to the convention in Philadelphia . He is likely to Mr. Sanders intensifying pressure from Democrats   —    including the White House   —    to get out of Mrs. Clinton ’s way . But Mr. Sanders has never Mr. Sanders creature of the Democratic Party . His natural mode is defiance Mr. Sanders As Mrs. Clinton aims to rally Mrs. Clinton it is in Mr. Sanders ’s power to Mr. Sanders easy or acutely uncomfortable . His reaction to Tuesday ’s results may Mr. Sanders which path he intends to take . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders favored to win the primary Mrs. Clinton Jersey and has a narrower lead over Mr. Sanders in California polls . She is poised to secure her party ’s nomination Mrs. Clinton of what happens in Mrs. Clinton state , but sweeping both would lend her candidacy an especially formidable air at the start Mrs. Clinton the campaign against Mr. Trump . Capturing California , one of the most racially diverse states California would hand Mrs. Clinton a useful symbolic victory as she prepares Mrs. Clinton with a Republican whose support has Mrs. Clinton overwhelmingly from whites . Republican concern about Mr. Trump is approaching a high : His last remaining Mr. Trump dropped out of the race more Mr. Trump a month ago , but the real estate developer has done little in that time to gird himself for a contest with Mrs. Clinton . Over the last Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has inflicted more damage to his candidacy than Senator Mr. Trump or Gov. John R. Kasich ever Mr. Trump . He has struggled to answer newly detailed and troubling allegations that his Mr. Trump educational company , Trump University , committed fraud , and Mr. Trump has repeatedly criticized a federal judge who is hearing a    Mr. Trump against him , accusing the judge , who is of Mexican descent , Mr. Trump having a a federal judge who is hearing a   lawsuit against him interest . It will take a firm performance by Mr. Trump on the podium in Westchester County on Tuesday night to reassure Republicans that he is up to the job of fighting Mrs. Clinton . Another undisciplined Mr. Trump combative outing could raise the party ’s anxiety to the level of panic . President Obama has appeared eager , even impatient , to take part in the campaign , and he has already gone after Mr. Trump repeatedly . But Mr. Obama has President Obama somewhat constrained so far by the Democratic primaries . President Obama has been critical of Republicans , he has not yet made a    President Obama for Mrs. Clinton as a better President Obama . The White House has indicated that may change this week , once Mrs. Clinton has the Democratic nomination in hand . A presidential endorsement would be Mrs. Clinton many Democrats as a signal to Mr. Sanders that it ’s time for him to leave the race . And Mr. Obama , who has long been adept Mr. Sanders belittling Mr. Trump , could be an effective advocate for Mrs. Clinton as she seeks to energize the Democratic coalition and set the terms of debate against an Mrs. Clinton opponent . 
 