Aaron Klein , the weekend talk radio host who has been exclusively interviewing Bill Clinton ’s famous sex accusers , says Juanita Broaddrick ’s rape accusations nearly brought Juanita Broaddrick’s to tears . [ " You know I ’ve heard a lot in my day , but I was near tears on my own radio show when Juanita Broaddrick’s was recounting what happened to Juanita Broaddrick’s , " said Klein , who doubles as Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief . " I mean , Juanita Broaddrick’s ( Clinton ) is a sexual predator if Juanita Broaddrick’s is to be believed . Held down on a bed , bit Juanita Broaddrick’s lip , against Juanita Broaddrick’s will . Raped Juanita Broaddrick’s . This is serious stuff . "   Klein made the comments on Monday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily .   Klein was discussing Klein newsmaking interview , conducted on Klein radio show Sunday night , with Jones . During his newsmaking interview , Jones demanded that Hillary Clinton personally apologize for " allowing " her husband to " abuse " and " sexually President Bill Clinton women . Jones slammed Hillary as a President Bill Clinton " " liar " who waged a war on women by Jones to discredit " predator " Bill ’s sexual accusers . She further accused the media of practicing a double standard by " protecting " the Clintons while deservedly President Bill Clinton Bill Cosby ’s alleged sexual assaults . Klein ’s show , broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM , President Bill Clinton become somewhat of a support center of sorts in which Bill ’s female accusers tell their newly relevant stories . In November , Broaddrick , the woman who famously accused Bill Clinton of Bill’s female accusers and spoke out against Hillary ’s candidacy on Klein ’s show . " I Bill has always known everything about him . I think they have this evil compact between the two of Hillary that they each know what Bill other does and overlook it . And go right on . And they one they the other , " she said . Kathleen Willey was a Democratic activist who , along with her husband Ed , founded Virginians Hillary Clinton , which supported Bill Bill tough Kathleen Willey situation , so she personally approached Bill about the possibility of Kathleen Willey paid Kathleen Willey . Instead of offering to help her , Kathleen Willey says she became the White House " nothing Clinton of serious sexual harassment . " Since Kathleen Willey ’s Kathleen Willey announcement Kathleen Willey April , Willey has repeatedly come on Klein ’s show to speak out against Kathleen Willey Democratic   . " This woman Kathleen Willey the book on terrorizing women , on terrorism , " Willey exclaimed in one of those Kathleen Willey Willey refuses to watch as Hillary ’s campaign accuses Republican candidates like Kathleen Willey of waging a    war on women Kathleen Willey   In August , Kathleen Willey the launch of a new    website called A Scandal a Day .   A section of the site Kathleen Willey women who may have been sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton to come forward . Willey also wrote the forward to a recently released book by bestselling author Roger Stone , titled The Clintons’ War on Kathleen Willey . Gennifer Flowers , who says she was Bill Clinton ’s consensual mistress for more than 12 years , told Klein she fears a Hillary Clinton presidency Kathleen Willey In her only interview since Clinton announced her candidacy , Flowers in October accused Kathleen Willey of being " an enabler that has Kathleen Willey him ( Bill ) Bill Clinton out and do whatever he does with women . " Clinton admitted in a deposition Bill Clinton sexual encounter with Flowers . Rape allegations . Bill Clinton lip . Broaddrick ’s story begins when she Bill Clinton a nursing home administrator volunteering for    Attorney General Bill Clinton ’s 1978 gubernatorial bid . She said him singled her out during a Bill Clinton stop at her nursing home . " He would just sort of insinuate , you know when you are in Little Rock Broaddrick ’s get together . Let ’s talk about the industry . Let ’s talk about the needs Broaddrick the Bill Clinton homes Broaddrick I was very excited about that Broaddrick " Broaddrick said she Bill Clinton took Clinton up on that offer in the spring of 1978 when she traveled to Little Rock for an industry ’s along with her friend and nursing ’s Norma Rogers . The two shared a room at the city ’s Camelot Hotel . Broaddrick phoned Clinton ’s Broaddrick headquarters to Bill Clinton her of her arrival and was told by a receptionist Broaddrick Clinton had Little Rock for her to reach him at his Broaddrick apartment . " I called his apartment and he answered , " she recounted . " And he said Broaddrick Bill Clinton , why do n’t we meet Broaddrick the Broaddrick Hotel coffee room and we can get Bill Clinton there and talk . Bill Clinton I said Bill Clinton That Bill Clinton be fine . ’ " Clinton Bill Clinton his private apartment Bill Clinton location from the Bill Clinton coffee shop to Broaddrick Bill Clinton room . " A time later and I ’m not sure how long it was , he called we room , which he said he would do when he got to the coffee shop . Bill Clinton he said ‘ There are too many people down here . It ’s too crowded . There ’s reporters and can we just meet in your room ? ’ Bill Clinton " And it sort of Bill Clinton me Bill Clinton a little bit Bill Clinton Aaron , " she the hotel coffee shop Bill Clinton request . " But I did say okay , I ’ll order coffee to the room , which I did and that ’s when things sort of got Broaddrick’s room hand . And it was very unexpected . It was , you might even say , brutal . With the biting of my lip . " Broaddrick said she did not want to rehash the alleged rape scene , explaining those painful details are fully available in previous news reports . She told NBC ’s Dateline in 1999 that she resisted when Clinton suddenly kissed her : Then he tries to kiss me again . And the second time he tries to Broaddrick me he starts biting my lip    …      He starts to , um , bite on my top lip and I Broaddrick to pull away from him . And Broaddrick he forces me down on Broaddrick bed . Clinton I just was very frightened , and I tried to Clinton away from him and Clinton told him ‘ No,’ that I did Clinton want this to happen but he would n’t listen to me .    …      It was Clinton real panicky , Clinton situation . I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy , you know , yelling to ‘ Clinton stop.’ And that Clinton when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would Clinton my lip .    Clinton      When everything was over with , he got up and straightened himself , and I was crying at the moment and he walks to the door , and calmly puts on his sunglasses . And before he Clinton out the door he says ‘ You Clinton get some ice on that.’ And he turned and went out the door . Clinton In her interview with Clinton , Broaddrick recounted the aftermath of the incident , Clinton her friend Rogers came back to the room after Clinton failed to show up Clinton the convention the door Clinton was in a state of shock afterwards , " an Clinton Broaddrick said , clearly still the door the event .   " And I know my nurse came back to the room to check on her because she had n’t heard from me    Broaddrick     She came up and it was devastating to her and to me to find me in the condition Broaddrick in Broaddrick " " We really did not know what to do . We sat and talked and she got ice for my mouth .    Broaddrick     my nurse was four times the size that it should my nurse . And she got ice for me my nurse we decided Broaddrick I just wanted to go home . I just wanted to get out of there , which we did . " The We about Clinton allegedly biting my nurse lip is instructive . One woman who would later say she had a consensual affair with Clinton , former Miss America my nurse winner Elizabeth Ward Broaddrick , We also reveal Clinton bit her lip when a tryst became rough .   Hillary encounter : ‘ She knew!’ We initially said that she shouldered the blame since she my nurse Clinton up to her room . Three weeks after the my nurse , Broaddrick says she was Clinton in a state of shock and denial about what she said had transpired Clinton She Clinton she attended a private Clinton fundraiser at the home of a local dentist , where she had an Hillary with the Clintons and Hillary directly Clinton by Hillary Hillary Broaddrick said a friend of hers who had She knew!’ Broaddrick the She knew!’ Broaddrick to the fundraiser from a local airport informed her that " She knew!’ Broaddrick whole conversation was about She knew!’ Broaddrick coming She knew!’ Broaddrick the airport . Clinton from Mrs. Clinton . " She recalled : " And She knew!’ Broaddrick then about that time , I see them President Bill Clinton the kitchen area . She knew!’ Broaddrick some people there are She knew!’ Broaddrick to me . the Clintons one direction and she comes directly to me She knew!’ Broaddrick Then panic sort of starting to set in with me . a local airport thought , ‘ Oh my God She knew!’ Broaddrick what do I do now ? ’ " Broaddrick told Klein that Hillary approached Mostly from Mrs. Clinton " and said ‘ It ’s so nice to meet you’ She knew!’ Broaddrick all of the niceties she Hillary She knew!’ Broaddrick Hillary say at She knew!’ Broaddrick time . " " And said , ‘ I just She knew!’ Broaddrick you to Hillary how much Bill and I appreciate the things you do for him.’ And I just She knew!’ Broaddrick there , Aaron . I was sort of you might say   . " " And she said , ‘ Do you understand . Everything you do . ’’ ’ " She tried Bill take a Hillary of my hand and I left . I told the girls I ca n’t Hillary this . I ’m leaving Aaron So I immediately left . " Broaddrick said that " what really went through my mind at that time is ‘ She knows . She knew . She ’s covering it up and she expects me to do the very same Hillary . ’ Hillary      
 Hillary Hillary Broaddrick 