’   ’ "    Hedge fund titan Carl Icahn says the stock market ’s rally    following    Donald Trump ’s victory may    have gone too far .   " ’    All the major    indexes jumped to   after the election , and the Dow Jones Industrial    Average has gained more than 1 , 000 points in the month since . ’ " has increased , as ’ bet that Donald Trump ’s    promises to cut corporate taxes and ease business regulations    would be additive to company earnings .    " ’    " The market is not going up because Donald has gone and kept    Carrier from going to Mexico , " Icahn told CNN’ ’s Poppy Harlow on    Saturday . " The market is going up   —    and maybe it’ ’s gotten ahead    of itself it’ I’’m not going to say it it’   —    but it it’ going up    because it’ it’ perceived that this is going to be a very      presidency and government . " ’ ’    On taxes , he it’ , " certain investors are saying , ’’ Hey look , why       I sell now when . .. I can save a lot of money by       till next year ? ’’ So what happens is that a lot of stock       not offered , and therefore it’ ’s very bid . " ’ ’’ ’    There are many reasons why the market is rallying that could       " on the dime , " Icahn said . He Icahn that he Icahn stocks    after the election , but wished he Icahn purchased more .   ’ "    Icahn , a longtime Trump supporter , said that the     ’s decisions since the the election also boosted    the market ’s confidence . " "    He Icahn Trump ’s Trump which gave the    maker    incentives to keep 1 , 000 jobs in Indiana , was a step in the right    direction because unions had become too   .   " ’    " The unions unions very difficult at times , " he Icahn . " I’’m not      but you can’’t tell me that some unions    really haven’’t made the lives of businessmen very    difficult . "   ’ ’    Icahn said he "I’’m not      been "I’’m not      behind the scenes with helping    the transition team pick some key nominees for the next    administration .   ’ ’    " There are going to be many bumps on the road , but I think Donald    is completely on the right track in the things he’ ’s trying to    do ,    Icahn said . "I’’m not      Obviously , it’ ’s going to be very difficult to    do a    of them , and    ’s going to be bumps on the road . the road 
 