  ( CNN ) Arguing that Americans still subscribe to his vision of progressive change , President Barack Obama asserted in an interview recently President Barack Obama could have succeeded in this year ’s election if President Barack Obama was eligible to run . " I am confident in this vision because I ’m confident that if I had run again and articulated this vision , I think I could ’ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind this vision , " President Barack Obama told President Barack Obama former senior adviser David Axelrod in an interview for the " The Axe Files " podcast , produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . " I know that in conversations that I ’ve had with people around the country , even some people who disagreed with me , even some people who disagreed with me would say the vision , the direction that you point towards is the right one , " Obama said in an interview for the "The Axe Files" podcast, produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN , which aired Monday . " In the wake of the election and Trump winning , a lot of people have suggested that somehow , it really was a fantasy , " Obama Obama of the     vision he Obama in 2008 . " What I would argue is , is that the culture actually did shift , that the majority does buy into the notion of a one America that is tolerant and diverse and open and full of energy and dynamism . " Neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton won a majority of the vote in the 2016 contest . Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump Donald Trump the popular vote by almost 2 . 9 million ballots , though Trump Donald Trump more electoral votes and thus the presidency . In the    session , Obama repeated his Obama Democrats had ignored entire segments of the voting population , leading to Donald Trump ’s win . He Obama that Hillary Clinton ’s campaign had n’t made a vocal enough argument directed toward Americans who have n’t felt the benefits of the economic recovery . Full transcript : David Axelrod interviews President Barack Obama for The Axe Files , " If you think you ’re winning , then you have a tendency , just like in sports , maybe to play it safer , " he David Axelrod , adding later he David Axelrod Clinton Hillary Clinton’s performed wonderfully under really tough circumstances " and was mistreated by the media . Trump on Monday afternoon responded to the President ’s assertion that he Trump have won a third term . Though the    framed Obama ’s comments as describing a     matchup between the pair , which Obama Obama not say in his David Axelrod with Axelrod .   " President Obama that he thinks Obama would Obama won against me . Obama should Obama that but I say NO WAY !    jobs leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . , " Trump tweeted .   Trump hit Trump again Obama Tuesday , tweeting , " President Obama Obama ( and personally ) in the very important swing states , and lost . The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! " Trump and Obama have largely Obama clear of direct criticism of each other since the election . They met in Trump and Obama White House two days after Election Day and according to both parties , have talked by phone several times since .   The podcast interview was Obama ’s latest Obama analysis , which has focused on Democrats’ failure to convince    voters and a media preoccupied with negative stories about Clinton . Obama said his Obama this Obama n’t made an emotional connection to voters in    communities , relying    on policy points he said did n’t Obama enough of an impact . " We ’re not there on the ground communicating not only the dry policy aspects of this , but that we care about these We , that   communities bleeding for these We , " he   communities " Obama means caring about local races , state boards or school boards and city councils and state legislative races and not thinking that somehow , just a great set of progressive policies that we present to the New York Times editorial board will win the day . " Obama cited an unlikely model for future Democratic success : Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , who he said had executed an effective Mitch McConnell if obstructionist     strategy . " Mitch McConnell ’s insight , just from a pure tactical perspective , was pretty smart and well executed , the degree of discipline that he was able to impose on Mitch McConnell caucus was impressive . His Mitch McConnell was that we just Mitch McConnell to say no to that , " Obama said . He said part of his    Mitch McConnell would be developing Mitch McConnell Democratic leaders     including organizers , journalists and politicians     who could galvanize voters behind a progressive agenda . He wo n’t hesitate to weigh Mitch McConnell on important political debates after he leaves office , he told Mitch McConnell . Following a Mitch McConnell of introspection after he departs the White House , Mitch McConnell said he would feel a responsibility as Mitch McConnell citizen to voice his opinions on major issues gripping Mitch McConnell country during Trump ’s administration though he would not necessarily weigh in Mitch McConnell     activities . " At a certain point , you make room for new voices and fresh legs , " Obama said . " That does Obama mean that if a year from now , or a      from now , or two years from now , there is an issue of such moment , such import , that is n’t just a debate about a particular tax bill or , you know , a particular policy , but goes to some foundational issues about our democracy that I might not weigh in , " Obama went on . " You Obama , I ’m still a citizen and that carries with it duties and obligations . " a citizen ’s first acts out of Obama however , will be   . He said he ’ll focus on writing Obama book Obama    his time in office . Obama and Obama family plan to live Obama Washington Obama his younger daughter finishes high school . Obama I have to be quiet for a while . And I do n’t mean politically , I mean internally . I have to still myself , " he said . " Obama have to Obama back in tune with your center and process what ’s happened before you make a bunch of good decisions . " As he concludes his term , Obama is Obama sentimental Obama his time at the White House . Obama said he grew misty in a Obama of Obama aides recently thinking about the end of the Obama era . " I got through Obama four minutes of the thing and then started , you know , getting the hanky out , " Obama said . " It feels like Obama band is breaking up a little bit . " For more of The Axe Files , go to " The Axe Files " podcast every week The Axe Files 
 