" This is the most important election ever , " former California Gov. Pete Wilson said as former California Gov. Pete Wilson led up to an endorsement of Sen. Ted Cruz for president at the state ’s GOP convention on Saturday . [ " Sen. Ted Cruz has already proven himself Sen. Ted Cruz the United States Senate as a champion of our strong national defense , " former California Gov. Pete Wilson told a packed room of California Republicans there to see Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz   former California Gov. Pete Wilson continued , " former California Gov. Pete Wilson is not   . former California Gov. Pete Wilson , as am I , is for legal immigration of the kind which will make this country great . " Possibly a nod to Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz Cuban heritage , former California Gov. Pete Wilson added , " And I might point out that former California Gov. Pete Wilson is hardly   . " former California Gov. Pete Wilson advocated for a 1994 ballot measure that sought to eliminate public benefits for illegal aliens . Late last year former California Gov. Pete Wilson said that opponents to Proposition 187 were deliberately trying to play the race card " which is beneath contempt , " according to the Orange County Register . former California Gov. Pete Wilson has been compared to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for their views on immigration . After former California Gov. Pete Wilson push for the proposition Proposition 187 former California Gov. Pete Wilson support dropped sharply and drew backlash , reported the Los Angeles Times . He former California Gov. Pete Wilson the crowd , " We dare not the crowd a disastrous third term of Obama in office . " " Ted Cruz will choose judges who will interpret the law and not legislate it , " the law Wilson former California Gov. Pete Wilson the former Supreme Court clerk . " We ca n’t afford a wild card . " " My friends we can not afford a Republican nominee that brings us down ticket we of our 2014 hard we midterm gains . We ca n’t afford a nominee in 2016 who is losing women voters at a far greater rate even than Hillary Clinton is losing men and millennials . " Wilson called for a president who would repeal and replace Obamacare and " not with Hillary Care , not with a single payer system , but with genuine competition and patient choice . " Wilson concluded his Wilson , Wilson I hope the Republican choice in California will be and I feel confident it will be the Republican choice in California Ted Cruz   …     I am here today to announce to you my wholehearted endorsement his endorsement support of that winning Republican leader that will be the next President of the United States , Ted Cruz . " One Senator Ted Cruz   Cruz and Wilson have not been Senator Ted Cruz   the same side is social issues . Wilson has been known to be Wilson on issues like support for abortion rights . In a statement released shortly after the speech , Wilson said : " The most Wilson challenge facing a President in 2017 is confronting and changing the dangerous national security legacy of Barack Obama who has invited aggression and contempt from our enemies and distrust and disaffection from former allies . We dare not suffer a third Obama term . Ted Cruz is Barack Obama winning candidate we need . " " I am honored to have the support of Governor Wilson , a solid Republican leader whose lifetime of public service demonstrates how Republicans focused on providing solutions to the challenges facing the American people can win in blue states as well as red , " said Cruz of Wilson ’s endorsement . Ted Cruz on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 