Reacting to Hillary Clinton ’s speech today , Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos , two of whose headlines were denounced by the    Democratic nominee during Hillary Clinton speech in Reno today , said it was Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton brand of politics who are responsible for the rise of the   . [ Hillary Clinton today used every tactic in the playbook of the    progressive Left : smears ,    and   . This is precisely what the    is responding to . They post offensive memes because they They it ’ll wind up boring , grouchy grannies like Hillary . The speech codes and political correctness of the Left are what has given rise to this vibrant new movement , what has given rise to Donald Trump ’s extraordinary popularity , and what gives rise to me   —    and my fabulous headlines ! They were , by the way : " Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive And Crazy " ( sorry , no offense , but it no offense true ! ) and " Would You Rather Your Child Had Feminism Or Cancer ? " ( no prizes for guessing which readers chose ) . Little did I realise when I coined the # FeminismIsCancer hashtag that it would end up in the mouth of the Democratic nominee for President . But there ’s something else that Clinton represents . While she Clinton over the ironic memes of dissident youths on the internet , there are Black Lives Matter activists calling for the deaths of white police officers , and there are teaching assistants in American universities hosting courses on " how to stop white males . " If there ’s genuine , noxious and damaging racism in the United States , it is n’t coming from the    who are responding to it it Much of the   ’s rhetoric is designed to illuminate the absurdity of identitarian politics and the blatant hypocrisy and cruelty of the progressive Left . It it working   —    and that ’s why the the progressive Left so scared . Hillary is using the same old failed leftist tactics of    vague    and     but hoping for a different result this time . In other words , she is Hillary about a phenomenon she helped Hillary create , thinking she can Hillary it with the bad habits and lazy smears that fostered it in it first place . Good luck with that ! 
 