Washington ( CNN ) Swain , slammed the Black Lives Matter movement Saturday , calling it a " very destructive force " in America . CNN ’s Michael Smerconish asked Swain , along with civil rights attorney Areva Martin , to comment on the conservative website Drudge Report ’s decision to lead the homepage with the title " Black Lives Kill " following the shooting of police officers in Dallas . The headline was quickly pulled down . " Is this the end of the Black Lives Matter movement ? " Smerconish asked . " I certainly Michael Smerconish so , " Swain , a law professor at Vanderbilt University , responded on CNN ’s " Smerconish . " " Because I believe that it ’s been a very destructive force in America , and I urge all of your viewers to go to that website and look at what they ’re really about . It your viewers a Marxist organization all it black liberation . It ’s not really addressing the it problems affecting    and so it ’s problematic , it ’s it black people , it needs to go . " it , who supports the movement , jumped on Swain ’s remarks . " That is absolutely ridiculous , " she said . " Black Lives Swain has done more to move the needle on reforms in the criminal justice system than elected officials and community leaders all over this country . " Dallas sniper attack : 5 officers killed , suspect identified , Smerconish asked Swain if she was dismissing the Swain because Swain the Dallas the movement if she ’s " looked at what the Swain purports to stand for itself and you do n’t like what the group see . " " No , I do n’t like what I see . It ’s pure Marxism . It talks the group state violence , genocide the group All of those are buzzwords that are quite destructive , " the professor responded . " We need to look at the credibility All of those the witnesses , we need to not rush to judgment All of those and I find the media , they ’re putting too much focus on the media videos before we have the facts , " Swain All of those . Trump : Dallas shootings have ’shaken the soul of our nation’ Swain ’s comments quickly sparked Swain Sherrilyn Ifill , president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , wrote on Twitter , " I can not ( can ) believe that Prof Carol Swain is on @CNN justifying the killing Swain Swain   for an " end " to BlackLivesMatter . " Swain responded to the backlash on Facebook , writing , " I Swain a lot of time praying for wisdom and discernment before today ’s @CNN interview . I understand the Black community is in a grave @CNN and they are being exploited and manipulated by the liberal left . Truth the Black community a return to God will help liberate blacks . " ‬ 
 