’   ’ ’    A Trump Organization staffer who helped Melania Trump craft A Trump Organization staffer who helped Melania Trump    primetime speech before the Republican National Convention    offered an apology Wednesday after the prepared remarks were    found to contain plagiarism . ’ ’    " This was my mistake , and I feel terrible for the chaos I have    caused Melania and the Trumps , as well as to Mrs. Obama , " Trump    staff writer Meredith McIver said in a note . " No harm was meant . " ’ ’    " I apologize for the confusion and hysteria my mistake has    caused , " she    . ’ ’    The comments came two days after Melania Trump    her    Trump    at the RNC in which she   Trump    first lady Michelle Obama 2008 Democratic National Convention address . ’ ’    McIver said that while working with Melania Trump the two    " discussed many people who inspired her . Trump    ’ ’    " A person she has Trump    liked is Michelle Obama , " McIver said .    " McIver the phone , she read Trump    some passages from Mrs. Obama’ ’s    speech as examples . I wrote them down and later included some of    the phrasing in the draft that ultimately became the final    speech . I did not check Mrs. Obama’ ’s speeches . Mrs. Obama’ Mrs. Obama’ ’ ’t’t’tMeredith McIver , an    staff writer from Mr. Trump ’ ’    McIver said that she offered her resignation , but that it was    rejected . ’ Mr. Trump    " Mr. Trump McIver that people make innocent mistakes and that we    learn and grow from these experiences , " she said . ’ ’    As a result , McIver said she insisted on making she statement    because she " did not like seeing the way she was distracting    from Mr. Trump’ ’s she campaign for president and Melania’ ’s    beautiful message and presentation . " ’ ’    McIver added that she was " honored to work for such a great    family " and McIver the way McIver Trumps " handled this situation . " ’ ’    Trump aides and surrogates had previously denied the speech    contained plagiarism , despite clear evidence to the contrary . ’ ’    Before she delivered her prepared remarks , Melania told NBC News    that she personally wrote her speech McIver with McIver little help as    possible . " A Tuesday McIver indicated that McIver Trump    campaign had commissioned two speechwriters to draft Melania’ ’s    speech , but that the draft was significantly changed by the time    she delivered it . ’ ’    Donald Trump   Wednesday morning , saying    that Melania’ McIver speech the draft got more publicity than any in the history    of politics . " Melania’ that , as a result , the scandal was a    blessing in disguise " if Melania’ believe that all press is good    press . " ’ 
 