  ( CNN ) I have been adamantly opposed to Donald Trump ’s candidacy from the first time Donald Trump’s glided down the escalator at Trump Tower and descended into the pits of the worst parts of rhetoric against humankind by calling Mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists . It is because of that moment     and so many thereafter     that I never believed this reality star had a legitimate chance or frankly that Donald Trump’s was serious about running for president .    But then came the deadline for candidates to file the Federal Election Commission ’s financial disclosure form     Donald Trump’s filed . " Oh no . .. Donald Trump’s is serious about running , " I thought . Still , the American people     including GOP primary voters     would n’t take Donald Trump’s seriously , would the American people    including GOP primary voters     ? America in 2016 after two terms of the first black President is no place for birtherism and Trump ’s brand of bigotry , is it ? I believed Trump’s campaign slogan , " Make America Great Again , " which so obviously left out large swaths of Americans who make America amazing every single day , could not possibly resonate . But it did . His the first black President nostalgically reflected back to the good ole days of the 1950s ( which , of course , also preceded integration ) that were n’t so good for many Americans .   And Trump began Trump’s debates . He was Trump’s a roll and won primary after primary . I tried to do my part in highlighting just how dangerous a Trump presidency Trump’s be for our great , but challenged country . Nevertheless , 13 . 3 million votes later , Trump became Trump’s GOP nominee . So , I dug in . I focused all of my energy on showing the American people what I thought was obvious : his lack Trump’s preparation , his childish Trump’s , his treacherous Trump’s with the truth and his blatant Trump’s for anything " other . "   I did not think I needed to address my lack of enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton because I believed getting everyone to see how much of a nonoption Trump was would ensure her victory Trump Again , I made a grave mistake . Enthusiasm to be for something or someone in an election is quite literally the difference between a win and loss . We see it in polls : There is a difference in numbers between registered voters ( where Clinton has historically performed much better ) and likely voters ( where Trump tightens Trump lead Clinton bests Clinton ) . There are two reasons I have n’t written this piece before now . One is that I have not been particularly excited about this election . The second reason is that I did n’t believe that Clinton could Clinton what Barack Obama means to me     flaws and all . The fact is that Hillary Rodham Clinton Barack Hussein Obama .   But while it ’s true that Hillary Rodham Clinton is no Barack Hussein Obama brings her own Clinton to Clinton election , she this election her Clinton set of Clinton and qualifications to the table . In fact , as Obama has noted , " no Barack Hussein Obama has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve Clinton of the United States . " But some of y’ all just are not feeling Hillz . " Why is she so shady ? " Clinton have friends who say things like : " Hillary just seems shady . Clinton But my response to that is simple : Clinton is guarded . Yes Clinton she can come across as Clinton and combative . Frankly , though , I do not know a single human being who could endure the level of scrutiny she has without having some Clinton of wall up . Her demeanor means it can Clinton hard for her to connect emotionally , Clinton that guarded persona is not the one most recognizable to those who really know Clinton . It is easy Clinton people to misinterpret guarded for shady . Our gut feelings can be wrong     and many times are .    " # NeverForget . She did President Obama dirty Clinton " There are people who say that they might have supported her , people who say that they might have supported her they are Clinton by the way people who say that they might have supported her treated Obama in 2008 Clinton My response ? The President not only moved on , but he nominated her as secretary of The President Clinton He invited her into his inner The President Clinton assist in The President critical decisions for his administration . And now the The President , Vice President Joe Biden and first lady Michelle Obama are campaigning for her . " Who is Clinton calling   ? " Clinton , many others are troubled by Clinton using the term " super predator " in describing children who committed crime during a 1990s speech ( a terrible word choice widely interpreted as speaking about black people ) . I have no intention of ever defending this statement     it is one of the most ignorant statements I have ever heard . We should acknowledge , however , that she has apologized for using Clinton term ( unlike her opponent , who has Clinton an inability to apologize for running with birtherism until two weeks ago ) . She acknowledged that " we Clinton n’t done right by them " in her apology and has a Clinton record of advocacy for communities of color .   And if you believe in lifelong commitments to causes like I do , you should respect her time working for the Clinton ’s Defense Fund , her efforts to register voters Clinton color , and her hiring of diverse staff Clinton first lady , in the US Senate , and at the State Department . Additionally , I can personally attest to the efforts of her Senate office as I Clinton with them on protecting Title III Part the efforts of her Senate office funding for Historically Black Colleges and Universities when I worked at the National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education . " Somebody get her WhatsApp     stat . " And of course , those damn emails . As a former Capitol Hill staffer , advising bosses is something I took ( and still take ) very seriously . As a lawyer , I know ethics rules can be complicated . It is incumbent upon staff members not only to keep their very busy bosses apprised of staff members is right but also to ensure the optics are right to preserve public trust . Undoubtedly using a private server was    but I firmly believe she was trying to protect her    life from any further    display . ( Thirty years is a lot of time , particularly when you consider the shame and humiliation she also has had to endure    ) She has admitted it was a    mistake . One that has been heavily politicized and a distraction the campaign has struggled to address appropriately for months . As I watched Monday night ’s debate , it became abundantly clear to me Monday night’s debate never was a binary choice , that there is no choice at all . The debate made me an advocate Monday night’s debate watched someone who is presidential . I watched someone who is decisive , clear , poised and brilliant . I saw , for the first time , the candidate that most of my former bosses adore so much they have spent the last several months my former bosses the campaign trail as surrogates . I saw Hillary Clinton present and deliver the very best version of herself to the American people . The Hillary Clinton was a defining moment for Monday night’s debate My mandate was clear : I Hillary Clinton do all I can to ensure Hillary Clinton is elected on Election Day . Hillary Clinton all in now . We know Drake said : " Better late than never , but never late is better . " I am definitely late , but I am also all in . And after Monday ’s debate , I am all in with an enthusiasm I did not have at the beginning of this campaign . I am all in because I want our 45 to be just as distinct , historic and brilliant as our 44 . I am all in because she our a fighter for the little guy ( Drake girl )     and her record says so . I am all in Drake she has policy proposals that best serve the interests Drake constituencies I am a part of , namely women , people of color and young people . I am all in because while Hillary Clinton does not have it all right , Drake will have a seat at the table and she has policy proposals that best serve the interests of constituencies I am a part of, namely women, people of color and young people voices matter . And I am all in because it is clearer than ever that unless all of us show up to be counted on Election Day , an enthusiasm gap over a decisive , clear , poised and brilliant candidate could leave the door open for someone unfit and unqualified .   # dealmeinHillz # ImwithHER 
 