Mr. Hannity has been very upset . Mr. Hannity is often very upset , at things like the past friendships of President Barack Obama the suspected political leanings of his former colleague Megyn Kelly Mr. Hannity resignation of Michael T. Flynn , President Trump ’s former national security adviser and the tweets of media reporters from rival news organizations . But the primary target of his anger in recent days Mr. Hannity been Ted Koppel , a veteran Mr. Koppel by Mr. Koppel roughly three weeks ago , Mr. Hannity said on his show Monday night , and had been presented to him as an opportunity to discuss the political polarization in American life . But only an interview with Mr. Hannity or so of the full interview was used . And it Mr. Hannity though it may Mr. Hannity been the part that Mr. Hannity found the most Mr. Hannity . The night before the segment aired , CBS News posted online a part of the interview in which Mr. Hannity described his upbringing , which he said shaped his it . But in the televised footage Mr. Hannity was shown complaining about socialism , liberalism and " angry snowflakes , "    slang for liberals that conservatives see as easily upset . Mr. Hannity led with Mr. Hannity chin : Mr. Mr. Hannity asked if Mr. Hannity Koppel , an elder statesman of broadcast news Mr. Hannity hosted the ABC show " Nightline " for 25 years , thought he and his show were " bad for America . " Mr. Koppel Mr. Hannity , " Mr. Hannity . " Mr. Hannity ? " Mr. Hannity responded , his voice rising an octave or two . " That ’s sad , Ted . That ’s sad . Mr. Hannity Why Mr. Hannity Mr. Koppel think Mr. Hannity ’s show was bad for America ? " You have attracted people who have determined Mr. Hannity is more important Mr. Hannity facts , " Mr. Koppel said . He also told Mr. Hannity , an enthusiastic    supporter of President Trump , Mr. Koppel are Mr. Hannity at what his show do . " America Mr. Hannity has done for the last two nights is use his show to put his anger on full Mr. Koppel He has directly Mr. Koppel Mr. Koppel ( " Ted , you show in this clip , you are not a journalist , " he said on Monday Mr. Hannity . ) He has denounced the segment as " edited his show . " Mr. Hannity has compared Mr. Koppel to Mr. Hannity Obama and Hillary Clinton   —    perhaps the worst insult a Fox News host can throw at you . He has Mr. Hannity demanded that CBS his show tape Mr. Hannity his interview , which he called " a very good , Mr. Hannity    . " Bill O’Reilly , another Mr. Koppel ("Ted , and Brit Hume , a political analyst at the network , repeated that call on Monday Mr. Hannity . So did the conservative commentator Michelle Malkin , who Mr. Hannity the     Mr. Mr. Hannity " ancient " and a " walking dead decrepit media elitist . " On Mr. Hannity ’s broadcast , the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham told Mr. Hannity that he was Mr. Koppel ’s " victim " and said CBS treated him unfairly as a way to protect " the worldview of the left . " " They want to delegitimize you , " she said . Mr. Koppel has not responded to Mr. Hannity . A spokesman for CBS News said the network Mr. Koppel would not release the unedited footage of the interview , which was part of a    segment that was not a profile devoted to Mr. Hannity . Mr. Hannity has turned the slight into a dispute Mr. Hannity intelligence of " the American people , " which he accused Mr. Koppel of underestimating CBS said people were smart enough to know the difference between what he does and a news broadcast . So what does he do ? On Mr. Hannity Mr. Hannity Mr. Hannity as " a    host " and " an advocacy journalist " who covers stories   —    like Mr. Hannity Obama ’s ties to " black Mr. Hannity theology , " he said in one example   —    Mr. Hannity CBS would not touch . But he also used Mr. Hannity word " news " to Mr. Hannity service he Mr. Hannity his viewers , asking Mr. Koppel , " How can I be bad for America when I am offering the American people news and information nightly that your own network Mr. Hannity not touch because they have an agenda ? " Mr. Hannity has never hidden Mr. Hannity own conservative beliefs . Immediately before Mr. Koppel ’s rebuke , Mr. Hannity was Mr. Hannity a    political vision so expansive that he went out of his way to be clear that he did not mean to foment revolution . " Honestly , I think liberalism has to be defeated . Socialism must be defeated   the American people    in a political sense , " he said . Mr. Hannity This is not a   — Mr. Koppel do n’t want a Mr. Koppel in this country . " One of the prime Mr. Koppel of    disloyalty Mr. Koppel the media , he said Mr. Koppel which he accused of being " out to destroy the president . " He now says Mr. Koppel is doing the same thing to him . " That ’s the difference Mr. Koppel Ted , between me and you , " he said on Monday night . " I ’m honest with my audience . I do n’t pretend that I ’m fair and balanced and Mr. Koppel . You do Mr. Koppel " 
 Mr. Koppel Mr. Koppel Mr. Koppel ’m 