’   ’ ’    For about a week , some environmentalists maintained hope that      Donald Trump might moderate     Donald Trump views on climate    change . ’ ’    The man who formerly called climate change a " Chinese    hoax " admitted to the New York Times earlier this month that     between human    activity and climate change . The man who formerly called took two    separate meetings with    environmental activists    Leonardo DiCaprio and former Vice President Al Gore . And his    daughter , Ivanka Trump , has taken a   interest    in the issue of climate change . ’ "    But any potential hope Trump ’s meetings inspired with the    environmental community were quickly scuttled on Wednesday , when       picked Oklahoma Attorney General Scott    Pruitt to head the Environmental Protection Agency . " "    The Oklahoma Attorney General Scott    to be a selection much more in       with Trump’s ’s previously outlined environmental policy    prescriptions . On the campaign trail , Trump’s suggested abolishing    the EPA and pledged to roll back environmental regulations .    Pruitt has close Pruitt to the fossil fuel industry , and    he   a Pruitt state unit dedicated to opposing President Barack Obama ’s EPA    regulations the EPA largely praised the Pruitt pick as Pruitt    that would roll back what they perceive as regulatory Republicans    by the Obama administration . " "    Top environmental activists like Sierra Club executive    director Michael Brune said Pruitt ’s record showed that    while Trump may be deft at nodding to environmentalists , he would    leave Trump actual    up to climate change skeptics . " ’’ ’    " I don’’t think there are any mixed signals . Trump has been very Trump consistent throughout the    year and a half saying that he    does n’t Trump    climate change is real , that he does n’t intend Trump to do anything    it , " Brune    Business Insider in an    interview Thursday . ’ ’    He added : " Trump little    with the New York Times or a    meeting or two does n’t negate the fact that he has taken just Trump about every opportunity to appoint people to his transition team    Trump now to nominate an EPA head   —    these are folks who do n’t    believe that climate change is real , do n’t think that the US    government should continue its role in public the US   government , and side    with the fossil fuel industry over the American public . " ’ ’    Other climate activists were equally as blunt . ’ ’    " Pruitt’ ’s appointment reveals Trump’ ’s climate    and    meetings with Gore as nothing more than a smokescreen , " May    Boeve , executive director of the group 350 . org , said in    a statement . ’ "    Many vowed to make noise about Pruitt ’s nomination . " ’    Billionaire investor and NextGen Climate founder Tom Steyer    called on Senate Democrats to reject Pruitt . ’ ’ Pruitt " Donald Trump’ ’s decision to nominate Oklahoma Attorney General    Scott Pruitt represents a serious attack on American values . It ’s    now ’s decision to nominate Oklahoma Attorney General   Scott Pruitt to the Senate to stand Senate right side of history and    fight for our families    defeating this nomination , "   in a statement . ’ ’    Brune   —    who characterized Pruitt’ ’s appointment as " putting an    arsonist in charge of a fire "   —    said that environmental activists    had the upper hand ,   public opinion surveys which showed the majority    of Americans believe that climate change is a serious problem . ’ ’    " We ’ll work with everybody in the Senate who believes that    climate change is real , that the EPA ’s job is to protect public    health , and we think that there will We a majority of senators    who will oppose this nomination , " he said . " Pruitt this nomination a very    this nomination and consistent track record of resisting efforts to limit    pollution . And since regulating pollution would be his job as    head this nomination th EPA , he is unusually unqualified to this nomination this    position . " ’ 
 