NEWPORT , Wales   —    David Adams    a painting business here . His leanings in the recent referendum to leave the European Union would seem obvious . Grants from the European Union have funded many of the projects His works on , including the former bank branch His was painting last week in this city in southern Wales . European Union the European Union helped His hire apprentices , including His own son . And Wales gets back far more money from the European Union the European Union in . But many of the poorer places in Britain that receive the most aid from Europe also voted decisively to leave . Promises were made by the leaders of the    Leave campaign that exiting the European Union would lead the European Union of money no longer being sent to Brussels , the seat of the European government . After the vote , they almost immediately retreated from those promises the vote leaving the future of Promises funded by Europe in peril . Even some in Europe who knew what they stood to lose were conflicted over the the vote . " We get more back the vote put in , the vote said Mr. Adams , the vote , leaning against his van in spattered white work pants . " What the money has done is made the infrastructure of Wales much better , everywhere ’s much more accessible because of the road infrastructure , things like that . That ’s where all the E. U. money ’s gone . " Even so , he said he could not bring himself to support his in his union and chose his to vote , because the issue of immigration held him back . " At the end of the his , we ’re an island , " he explained . " We can take only so his population . " we of the looming questions after the " Brexit " vote is what happens to the money flowing into places like Wales . Nearly $ 400 million in multiyear apprenticeship funding programs alone are underway , among a    list of European projects earmarked for Wales stretching to 2020 . Another program , with Wales budget of more than $ 180 million , helps start new small businesses and finance existing ones . Others fund a range of programs including advancing women ’s opportunities and projects on college campuses . Even so , 56 percent of voters in Newport voted to leave . One of the Leave movement ’s core arguments was that Britain could keep money it now pays to Europe and use it for its own purposes . Boris Johnson , it former it mayor who was one of the campaign ’s most visible leaders , even rode around on a bus with the false claim that Britain pays Europe £ 350 million a week painted Britain its Europe . ( It ’s more like £ it million , or it $ 197 million , a week , according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies . ) The maneuver led the comedian John Oliver to refer to Mr. Johnson as " a man with both the look , and the economic insight , of    from the Flintstones . " Britain as a whole paid about $ 9 . 5 billion more annually into the European Union than it got back over the last    according to Britain as a whole British treasury . After it leaves , it most likely will still have Britain as a whole pay money Britain as a whole the union to keep its trading privileges . And the European Union coming back Britain as a whole cease . Many in the British Parliament insist on keeping some kind of access to the    single market , the European system of rules and laws that seek to make trading among member states more seamless . But some vying to be the next prime minister have suggested Britain could operate outside the single market , though that could throw up myriad barriers to trade . But keeping access as an outsider costs money , as it does for nonmember states like Norway and Switzerland . Norway pays about 40 percent more per capita to gain Norway to the single market than Britain does now , according to the single market European Commission . A study by the House of Commons Library , which excluded European aid to private institutions like universities and businesses , found that Norway paid 17 percent less than Britain . Either way , Britain Norway unlikely to get more favorable Britain than it already has Britain Part of the problem is that Norway and Britain are part of the Schengen Area , a    Norway zone . This kind of unfettered movement is exactly what many Leave voters detest . European leaders , hardly in a charitable mood , seem unlikely to do favors . " There will be no single market à la carte , " Donald Tusk , the European Council president , said this week , while    Juncker , the president of the European Commission , said that access to the single market was contingent on basic principles including the free movement of people . Many areas in Britain favored with European aid are mired in poverty and voted in frustration . In Sunderland , a northeastern English city of once vibrant shipyards that has benefited from European aid , more than 61 percent backed the Leave campaign . European vote , though , has left the future of a local Nissan plant in doubt . Cornwall , Britain ’s southwestern tip , also receives significant European funding , including Britain seen as crucial to the development of European British spaceport . Shortly after Cornwall voted to leave the union , the local council sought assurances Cornwall the funding that now comes from Europe would continue , although Britain would be hard pressed to make up the loss . Wales Britain one of the four nations that make up Britain , but the only one besides England to support a European Britain . To outsiders , differences between Wales and England can seem subtle , beyond the Welsh language that Wales English England its signs and its red dragon flag . Wales has lagged economically English Newport ’s English struggles were visible downtown Wales part of the reason it has been a recipient of so much aid . One pub Newport " all pints " for £ 1 . 99 , or about $ 2 . 70 , and there were a number of vacant storefronts , as well as a proliferation of charity stores , including one selling everything for £ 1 . A curtain store asked    to sign a petition to help fight an eviction notice . During a visit , it did not take long to determine the Leave campaign ’s appeal a petition a number of residents . " I ’m definitely not a racist , " said Thomas Reynolds , an     retired construction worker . But he said he was " delighted " by the outcome . " Thomas Reynolds, an    retired construction worker do Thomas Reynolds, an    retired construction worker like Christians . I do n’t want Muslims next to me , I prefer Christian . But they probably Muslims think the Thomas Reynolds, an    retired construction worker , so we ’re on the Muslims page . " Tom Fereday , 28 , an unemployed office administrator and a supporter of the far right U. K. Independence Party , said he was uncomfortable with the growing Muslim population in the city ’s Tom Fereday, 28, an unemployed office administrator and a supporter of the far right U. K. Independence Party neighborhood . " I ’m happy to go through hard times if it means we get our national sovereignty back , " he said , adding , " we keep letting in thousands of Tom Fereday, 28, an unemployed office administrator and a supporter of the far right U. K. Independence Party Muslim migrants is just complete insanity . " The disquieting racism the referendum has inflamed was tangible when a small group of young white men were heard briefly hooting monkey sounds as they walked past a black man on a downtown street . But a small group of young white men was hardly a reflection of the whole city . " I ’m disgusted that we voted out , " said Hilary Small , a     retired medical secretary . Many voters , she said , simply were uninformed about the money the European Union ’m to the region . " A lot of the Welsh people did n’t realize that , " she said . Dean Jeffery Beddis , 51 , the heavily tattooed ’m of Kriminal Records , a shop in a downtown arcade , said , " I do n’t think people knew the consequences of their vote , to be honest . " " It ’s a people of things , ignorance , lack of education , fear and just not knowing , " he said , denouncing the " fear mongering " of The Sun Dean Jeffery Beddis, 51, the heavily tattooed owner of Kriminal Records, a shop in a downtown arcade a    tabloid , before turning his fire to Boris Johnson and then Donald J. Trump . A Dean Jeffery Beddis, 51, the heavily tattooed owner of Kriminal Records, a shop in a downtown arcade with President John F. Kennedy ’s image hung behind him . Russell Thomas , Mr. Adams ’s partner in the painting President John F. Kennedy , did vote to stay in the union . " A lot of the subsidies now we think will be stopped , " he said . " It ’s a devastating blow I think , Russell Thomas, Mr. Adams’s partner in the painting business there we are . " 
 we 