Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " after an extensive questioning from host Jake Tapper on the recent protests and violence at host Jake Tapper rallies , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was not encouraging violence and accused CNN of misreporting .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : Now , protests on the campaign trail are obviously nothing new . I have seen one in every previous election I have covered , but in every one I have seen before the leader on the stage tries to lower the temperature , not raise the stage . Do you ever consider whether you should be trying to lower the temperature when protests on the campaign trail erupt ? TRUMP : I think in many cases I do lower the the temperature I tell the police , please take it easy when people are punching the police the police to hurt people . When I say things like I ’d like to punch him , frankly , this was a person that was absolutely violent and was like a crazed individual . A lot of them are   a crazed individual    you know , I do n’t even call them protesters . a crazed individual call them disrupters . protesters lot of them come from protesters Sanders , whether he wants to Bernie Sanders it or not , and if he says no Bernie Sanders then he ’s lying Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders , Bernie Sanders Sanders signs all over Bernie Sanders place and they ’re made by they same people that make the regular Bernie sanders signs . Bernie Sanders ’re professionally made they And we have great rallies . We have by far we biggest rallies . great rallies , we , 30 , 000 people at rallies and out of that you ’ve had very little problem . What I did with Chicago and I could have gone   —    it would have been easier to go and make the speech and you would have had a clash because you had professional disrupters , thousands of them , from Sanders and to a clash smaller extent Hillary . Hillary does n’t have very much Hillary , I will say that and so people do n’t care that much . But you have Sanders disrupters going over there . Sanders had Ayers there . You had a lot of people there that I do n’t think is so good to be there . And I ’ll tell you what , I think what I did   —    I have gotten a lot of credit for it . Not from CNN . I watched John King this morning . That was an entire kill job the entire show . It was amazed at that show . It was a the entire show . But the entire show ’ll tell you what , I have gotten other credits from other networks , not from CNN . I have Not from CNN of CNN from the fact that I canceled and postponed the other day in Chicago because , frankly , if I went up , we would have had   —    my supporters have tremendous love of this country . They ’re tired of our country being ripped off my supporters everybody , and this country tell you you would have had a tremendous clash and a lot of people would have gotten hurt or worse , and by canceling it , everybody dispersed beautifully . The police did a great job . The secret service was fantastic , and there was no injuries , no nothing . So I should get credit , not be scorned on your program by John King all morning long . TAPPER : Okay . well , that ’s not my program . but in any case this morning , your program you tweeted Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disrupters are n’t told to go to my sir . sir careful , Bernie , or my supporters will go to yours . That Bernie Sanders like a threat . It does n’t sound like lowering the temperature . It sounds like   —   perhaps making things even worse . TRUMP : No , it ’s not a threat . it ’s not a threat   …     it ’s not it threat at all . Look , my it have said , we ought to go to his rallies because , you know my people it ’s sort of interesting , when liberals and super liberals it —    and I do n’t even call them liberals because I have many friends that are liberal and when liberals and super liberals  —    think they ’re wonderful people   —    These are beyond liberal liberals These people are bad people that are looking to do harm These country . But when these people come into mine , you know , everybody thinks I These bad guy . when   —    if my people went into one of his rallies , they ’d say , oh , this is a terrible thing , they my people be arrested and all sorts of things would happen to them my people If conservative Republicans ever went into his rally , you would my people things happen that would be unbelievable , conservative Republicans Bernie would be , oh , poor , Bernie , is n’t that a shame . There is a horrible thing Bernie on in the media . we are treated so unfairly , and   I ’m treated very unfairly . I mean , you know , this morning you had your political consultants say I had 5 , 000 people in Dayton , Ohio . Well , I had far more than 5 , 000 people . We had a hangar that was filled with people . It had to we 10 , 000 or 15 , 000 people . a hangar that was filled with people : I guess , Mr. Trump , the point is that people are getting hurt and people are actually concerned that somebody might get seriously , seriously injured before this is all over , and that you are not taking down the temperature . You are in the views of many of your fellow Republicans making things worse , inciting , encouraging violence , and you ’re a leader , sir . TRUMP : My fellow Republicans   —    excuse me , excuse me Mr. Trump —    my fellow Republicans are running against me . They are losing big league . In Florida we have a Mr. Trump , my fellow Republicans Rubio , who does n’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate . He ’s a disgrace . He ’s weak , very weak on illegal a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate , wants to give a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate to everybody . He ’s a person that I do n’t think he could be elected a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate catcher in Florida , frankly , but I a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate running against . TAPPER : With Florida due respect , sir . TRUMP : Excuse me , excuse me . If you look at Ohio , with he have a man that voted for NAFTA , NAFTA has destroyed Ohio a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate now he ’s voting for TPP . I NAFTA in Kasich Ohio give me a man, Marco Rubio, who doesn’t even show up to vote in the U. S. Senate break . They ’re running against me , so obviously if I were in their position , I ’d Kasich saying the same thing . We have They of 25 , 000 , 30 , 000 people and you have n’t even said anything about danger in our rallies until Friday , and the danger was ended by a very We managerial decision not to have that particular rally , to postpone   …     how many people   —    Jake , you made a statement   —    Jake , could I ask you   —    you made a statement Jake at my rallies people are   —    it ’s dangerous . Other than for the other day with Chicago and the one man that rushed the stage and secret service did a very good job , but other than that , with thousands of people , 21 , 000 , 35 , 000 people a few weeks ago in Alabama , how many people have been injured at my rallies ? Zero . Zero . There ’s been nobody injured . my rallies I do n’t think it ’s zero . TRUMP : You make it like everybody is being broken down and injured because CNN reports very , very unfairly about me . I ’ll tell you what , so out of all of these TRUMP with thousands and thousands of people and nobody is even close   —    by the way , Bernie gets peanuts compared to what we get and I say we because it ’s me   —    I ’m just a messenger because we is a lot of anger in this country and it ’s anger at incompetence . It ’s anger at the border . It ’s anger at trade deals that it so bad for us and all it jobs are being taken out of the country . There is a lot us anger . I did n’t need this country this . I have a wonderful life . I have a great , great company . I did n’t need to do this . I wanted to do it because somebody has to do it , our this is in trouble , TAPPER this I would just ask   this     this country hear you , sir . I hear you , sir , about the causes of the anger . I would just ask as a fellow sir if you could consider whether or not dialing down the temperature , trying to bring down the temperature might be a healthier thing both for your campaign and for the nation at the temperature But that ’s all the time we have . TRUMP : Well , if you would report it right . You should report it right because we have had no injuries at my events with thousands of people . You it do n’t we it that way so , you know , do what you have to do . Follow Pam it on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 