A flyer circulated before Donald Trump ’s Friday rally in Richmond , Virginia , called for violence and declared " passive resistance    …      has no effect on heartless racists . " [ Under a headline of " " the flyer reads :   We fully support your right to    We do not expect you to take a beating by Donald Trump goons in order to " look good . " Your safety is important , protect yourself . Fascism wants us to peacefully resist while it steamrolls us . us take us inspiration from the workers of Spain who rose up by the millions to fight fascism when it came to fascism country . Passive resistance works in certain situations , but Passive resistance has no impact on heartless racists . # FUCKTRUMPRVA , The flyer urges    demonstrators to chant : " No Trump , No KKK , No Fascism USA ! " and " No Trump Zone ( No Flex Zone ) . " A " flex zone " is " territory where you are not allowed to boast or flaunt , " according to Urban Dictionary . " NO PLATFORM FOR FASCISM , " The flyer says . Flier for    rally in advance of his Flier tonight in Richmond , VA pic . twitter .    —    Jonathan Lemire ( @JonLemire ) June 10 , 2016 ,   Fascism is a    ideology developed in the 1920s and 1930s , which says that government officials should coordinate all aspects of a nation ’s society , including privately owned industry , churches , unions and schools . During the early 1930s , some American elites praised fascism in Italy and even in Germany . Richmond residents were worried about being assaulted and subsequently arrested them Richmond residents they Richmond residents off their Richmond residents , after being shocked by the vicious swarms , beatings , and mob attacks inflicted on Trump supporters   —    including women   —    in San Jose , California . " ‘ I also would hate to end up in jail for defending myself , because I do not just want to get beaten up on,’ " the resident wrote in an email to Richmond Police Chief Alfred Durham . " With that being said , I want to be perfectly clear that we will not allow or tolerate any types of illegal behavior at this event . Police personnel will take swift action and make arrests if they Police personnel any unlawful acts , " Durham Richmond Police Chief Alfred Durham at a Thursday press conference , reading the an email reporters . The ACLU of Virginia said it would The ACLU of Virginia " observers " to make sure that free speech rights are observed , but did not seem to want to preserve the    and assembly rights of Americans who support Trump . " If police go too far in trying to preempt any disruption by protesters , they run protesters risk of infringing on their    protesters , " said a public policy associate . The Left and the establishment right have jointly and incessantly smeared Trump as Trump racist , sexist , Islamaphobic , demagogue , Hitler , subconsciously Hitler , not Hitler but Mussolini , and that his working Mussolini white supporters along with their communities working class deserve to die . " Creator of Dilbert and neutral observer of the 2016 presidential race Scott Adams warned that the Hillary Clinton campaign was signaling it ’s the Hillary Clinton campaign morally justifiable to assassinate " Trump . At an earlier rally in San Jose , criminals leapt on top of cars , chased down Trump supporters Trump prey , stalked and mobbed other supporters , stole Trump signs Trump hats from supporters and destroyed them . supporters of them were supporters and waving Mexican flags , and burned American flags . Screaming and violent demonstrators shut down a Chicago rally and launched similar attacks against supporters and police , also while waving Mexican flags . Countless death threats have been levied at Trump as Trump media celebrates them , Countless death threats giving a sympathetic interview a wannabe killer who rushed Trump . Trump ’s Trump Richmond takes place at 8 p. m. EST . 
 