Washington ( CNN ) Santorum says he believes the Trump administration could be Santorum well , if only the President would stop doing one thing : Tweeting . " If you tweet every day and complain about the media and complain about how you are being treated , you ’re going to be sidetracked and you ’re not going to get your deals done . That ’s the message , " Santorum said straight into the camera during Sunday morning ’s " State of the Union " with Dana Bash . " The last nine days have hopefully shown the President that if you stay on only the President you stick to the script , you focus on policy , you drive home the messages that you talked about during the campaign and that people in America are excited about , you can be a great president . " The advice from Santorum comes just after President Donald Trump returns from a    visit abroad , his first foreign trip as President .   President Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday morning , soon President Donald Trump his return to the United States , to President Donald Trump the media and say recent " leaks " being reported are all made up . " It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House recent "leaks" being reported lies made up by the # FakeNews media , " one of Trump ’s tweets read . " Whenever you President Donald Trump words ’sources say’ in the fake news media , and they do n’t mention names . ... . ... it the fake news media very possible that those sources do n’t exist but are made up by fake news writers . # FakeNews is the enemy ! " another of the string of tweets said . Santorum added that the President ’s online behavior has sidetracked his administration ’s progress . " The fact is that the President’s administration should be doing so well , and could his administration’s so well , if they just focused on getting their agenda passed , " Santorum his administration’s .   Later on his administration’s , Trump took Santorum Twitter to address criticisms about his social media use .   " The Fake News Media Trump hard at disparaging   demeaning my use of social media because they do n’t want America to hear the real story ! The Fake News Media 
 