Founder and Editor of Caffeinated Thoughts Shane Vander Hart   —    dubbed by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as " an expert in all things Iowa "   —    joined the Breitbart News radio program to give listeners a rundown on the reality of the 2016 Republican Presidential race on the ground in Iowa . [ Vander Hart joined the Breitbart News radio program from on location at a rally for Sen. Ted Cruz . " Most of [ Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz rallies this past week have been standing room only , " he commented Sen. Ted Cruz   Vander Vander Hart the listening audience that he had Vander Hart some problems with the methodology " in the latest Des Moines Register poll . " One , it ’s basically predicting a huge , huge turnout , three times of what we saw at 2012 for Republicans so could that happen , possibly , but I highly doubt it . " The new outlet ’s last poll before the caucuses placed 2016 Presidential candidate Donald Trump in the lead of the Republican field with 28 percent . Cruz came in at 23 per cent . Rubio trailed Trump and Cruz with 15 and in fourth was Ben Carson with 10 percent . The last version of the same poll , released January 13 , put Cruz ahead of Cruz 25 percent Trump 22 percent . " If you look at the amount of people they called compared to the sample of Republicans it ’s about 19 . 9 per cent of the active voters in the state of Iowa which is 1 . 9 million people . So We ’re looking about , north of 380 , 000 people , " Vander Hart told Breitbart News listeners . He called that Vander Hart " definitely a fundamental mistake . " Vander Hart predicted Vander Hart the highly watched Iowa caucuses to Iowa between 135 , 000 and 150 , 000 . He said he is Vander Hart larger Vander Hart and much greater enthusiasm now in 2016 than in prior presidential election years 2008 and 2012 . " Cruz had about roughly 2 , 000 people up in Sioux City come out to see him last night . Vander Hart Vander Hart said even Vander Hart enthusiasm he said the turnout wo Vander Hart be as high as pollsters have predicted . Bannon recalled that Bloomberg ’s Joshua Green who was adamant that there is no way that Rubio is surging as the Washington D. C. consultant class has predicted . Vander Hart said he sees Vander Hart in third Vander Hart " Rubio definitely think he ’s gon na end up Vander Hart well , but ya know whether it will be well enough to really make a strong case in New Hampshire that to be seen . " " I do n’t think he ’s going to win by Vander Hart stretch of the imagination , " Vander Hart said . " But Vander Hart have a strong third place Vander Hart . " " I still think Cruz has the best organization in the state . He ’s had 12 , 000 volunteers Vander Hart the state of Iowa , he ’s got 1800 precinct captains , Vander Hart county leaders so they ’re really hard , and they 1800 precinct captains, 99 county leaders know who their voters are 1800 precinct captains, 99 county leaders " Vander Hart 1800 precinct captains, 99 county leaders it would be a Vander Hart and likely more veteran caucus goers . Trump has an advantage with first time caucus goers according to Vander Hart . " But your veteran caucus Vander Hart that ’s where Cruz has an advantage so it just really kinda depends on turnout , who brings out their voters , " he said before closing with " I think Cruz Vander Hart got the best organization . " UPDATE Cruz @MichelleDiana re . @BreitbartNews article   …      I misspoke , I meant 100 , 000 nationally , not in Iowa . He has about 12 , 000 in Iowa . not in Iowa bad .   —    Shane Iowa Hart ( @shanevanderhart ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Hear the interview : Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 