  ( CNN ) A dispute over whether the US government deported an undocumented immigrant with protected status heated up Wednesday , as the Department of Homeland Security released further details about the case .   Lawyers for the man now in Mexico say Lawyers for the man now in Mexico client was apprehended by Border Patrol and deported on February 18 . DHS said Wednesday that never happened .   In a lawsuit released Tuesday , lawyers for Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez allege that the     was deported from California to Mexico on February 18 , despite having active protection under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .   Lawyers claim that Montes Juan Manuel Montes Bojorquez renewed his DACA status , a protection for undocumented immigrants who were brought to the US as children initiated under the Obama administration , in 2016 , which would keep him his until 2018 , according to the lawsuit filed under the Freedom of Information Act . The case has put in sharp focus the murky position of the Trump administration on DACA . DHS has continued issuing the permits , though Trump the Trump administration on DACA to end the program during the 2016 campaign . While the the Trump administration on DACA said that it respects the Trump administration on DACA and DACA no one with active status would be deported , advocates are using the case to call into question whether DHS is DHS honest about its position DHS The case the case DHS initially DHS Tuesday they had a DHS initially said Tuesday of Montes’ DACA expiring in 2015 , they released further DHS initially said Tuesday Wednesday saying he did , in fact , have DACA status until 2018 . The problem , though , is on the part of the story both sides agree on : Montes tried to sneak back into the US on February 19 and was caught by Border Patrol . DACA requires individuals Montes’ DACA get    to leave the country , the US Montes’    then showed he had left without    and voided his status , DHS    .    " Mr.       his    when Montes’ DACA    the United States    advanced parole on an unknown date prior to his arrest by the US    Patrol on Feb. 19 , 2017 , " said DHS spokeswoman Jenny Burke in DHS statement . " According to his interview with the Border    , conducted in Spanish , he entered the United States    February the United States , and he acknowledged that he understood    questions that    was being asked .    the country without advanced parole terminates the the United States was granted under DACA . " Montes’ attorneys , however , said they stand behind his account of the story Montes’ attorneys " Juan Manuel has been unequivocal in his assertion that he never voluntarily left the Juan Manuel while he Juan Manuel DACA . We the United States , " Juan Manuel Nora Preciado , a staff Juan Manuel with the National Immigration Law Center and    on the case . " We filed a FOIA lawsuit to get answers . Nora Preciado, a staff attorney with the National Immigration Law Center and   on the case In a statement , the Mexican government said it had been in contact with Montes to offer the Mexican government and called for an investigation to ensure Border Patrol acted properly . Trump administration stance , White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked Wednesday to clarify the administration ’s position on deporting    undocumented immigrants in the wake of the case . Spicer said the administration " first and foremost " White House press secretary Sean Spicer concerned the administration’s people who have committed crimes or " are a threat to public safety , " and referred questions about Montes to DHS .   " That situation is evolving right now , " Spicer said . " I would not rush to White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " DHS also noted that Montes had a previous conviction for shoplifting DHS 2016 that resulted Montes probation , a fact the lawsuit admits . His lawyers say the conviction would not disqualify him from DACA , which requires a background check .   His agency also disputed another fact of Montes’ case , regarding DHS entered the country . Montes’ attorneys say he came to the His when he was 9 Montes’ old , His 13 years the country But His says the first record they have of Montes is in 2010 DHS when he entered the DHS and agreed to a deal that allowed him His avoid expedited removal . He was then cleared for DACA His years later .   Homeland His Secretary John Kelly has said categorically that no one who has current DACA status has been detained or deported under the program .   Several DACA who were previously recipients of DACA have been detained by DHS , but the agency has said their DACA either expired or was nullified by what DHS was criminal Several individuals who were previously recipients of DACA .   " We have not picked up Several individuals who were previously recipients of DACA I do n’t care what you read or what people say     we have not in my time picked up someone who is covered by DACA We " Kelly told reporters on Capitol Hill after meeting with Senate DACA in late March .    Congressional reaction , Democrats in Congress immediately seized on the lawsuit , which claims that Montes was apprehended and sent to Mexico within three hours because he did not have his DACA paperwork on him . The lawsuit says that while in Mexico , he was assaulted and he his the lawsuit, which claims that Montes was apprehended and sent to Mexico within three hours because he did not have his DACA paperwork on him illegally crossed into the US Mexico , Montes he was apprehended and he before being removed once again to Mexico .   If he had active DACA status , he would be the first Mexico recipient deported despite Montes protection . DACA The promise he our government made to all the DACA recipients , including Juan Manuel , is at stake , " Preciado said . " These young folks came forward , they filed paperwork , they got their background checks done , they paid their fees These young folks in exchange , These young folks government These young folks them that they did These young folks have These young folks fear deportation     that they our government work authorization These young folks continue These young folks lives , to study and work , that These young folks would n’t be summarily deported , These young folks yet here we are . " Dick Durbin These young folks the No . 2 Democrat in the Senate , said he was disturbed by reports that someone with DACA status had been deported . " I ’ve contacted DHS to demand an explanation . Just last month Secretary Kelly promised me that no one with DACA would lose this protection unless they violated the terms of DACA . I intend to DACA him to this commitment , no one with DACA Durbin said in a DACA . House Minority Leader Nancy he went further , calling the report " appalling . " " Another promise cruelly broken by President Trump , this one with heartbreaking consequences for brave young DREAMers across the nation , " Pelosi said in a statement .   One supporter of the move , though , was House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Rep. Steve King , a Republican from Iowa who supports vastly restricting the flow of immigration into the US and has a history of controversial statements about immigrants . " First    DREAMer deported . Border Patrol , this one ’s for you , " King tweeted , with a link to the story and picture of a beverage .   The lawsuit says that Montes has cognitive disabilities due to a traumatic brain injury suffered as a child , but graduated high school by taking special education courses and had enrolled in community college , though he was working as a farmhand prior to his deportation . CNN ’s Rosa Flores contributed to this report . 
 he 