Washington ( CNN ) Retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn ,    Donald Trump ’s preferred choice for National Security Adviser , was running a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients even as Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn,   Donald Trump was receiving classified intelligence briefings during the campaign . The revelation comes as the Trump camp has taken a series steps to curb the involvement of lobbyists in the presidential transition efforts .   Kelley , filed a lobbying disclosure report with Congress on September 15 . According to the official document , Kelley was working on behalf of Inovo BV , a Dutch firm owned by Turkish businessman , Kamil Ekim Alptekin . Alptekin told CNN in an email that the firm works to strengthen " the transatlantic relationship and Turkey ’s future in that alliance Kamil Ekim Alptekin " Kelley ’s connection to the Flynn Intel Group and Alptekin were first reported in the Daily Caller .   Ranking Member of the Kelley on Oversight and Government Reform Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Trump transition chair Mike Pence expressing concerns over Flynn ’s " apparent conflict of interest . " "   Trump promised during his campaign that he would ’drain the swamp,’ but his the Flynn Intel Group national security advisor is Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , Trump firm is Trump being paid Trump lobby the U. S. Government Trump a close ally of Turkey ’s president , " the Maryland Democrat wrote . " It is unclear how Lt . Gen. Flynn was reportedly allowed into intelligence briefings during the campaign despite these apparent conflicts of interest . " Trump ’s transition responded to questions about the lobbying effort with a statement Friday , saying that Flynn ’s career was within his right as a " private citizen . "   " After devoting his life to serving his country Lt. Gen. Flynn . Gen. Michael Flynn Flynn’s career a private citizen and opened a private consulting business to advise companies Flynn’s career various issues . Flynn’s career Flynn has said that he will sever ties to his consulting firm if he ever returned to government service and that is what he Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn in the Trump Administration Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn "   Alptekin is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn chair of the Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn Business Council and helped organize Turkish President Recep Erdogan Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn 2015 visit to Washington . But while Alptekin acknowledged having a commercial relationship with the Flynn Intel Group , he told CNN that Flynn himself " does not work on my contract . Alptekin He also adamantly denied any connection to the Turkish government . Alptekin Neither Inovo , any of my other companies or my person are affiliated to Alptekin Turkish government in any form whatsoever , " he said .   He added that his company ’s contract with Flynn ’s company " is the Turkish government the position of the Government of Alptekin " However , Alptekin fact that Alptekin was overseeing a company Flynn himself was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients at the same time he was attending classified briefings alongside Trump seems to Flynn himself the transition , especially given Trump ’s stated goal of " draining the swamp " in Alptekin . Flynn , who as America ’s top military intelligence officer was already privy to volumes Trump classified material , is obligated to not share that information with any outside entity . While Flynn had the highest level of clearance while serving as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , experts on security clearances told CNN that his firm ’s business arrangements with foreign companies would be closely looked at by background investigators before Flynn could receive additional intelligence briefings in his new role . Flynn They would certainly look at it carefully , " Sean Bigley , a security clearance lawyer Flynn former government background investigator told CNN Flynn Although Bigley said there his firm’s business arrangements with foreign companies would be closely looked at by background investigators before Flynn could receive additional intelligence briefings in his new role no restriction on someone like Flynn working for foreign companies upon leaving office he said Flynn would have to inform background CNN of these business relationships in order to be able to continue Flynn receive classified briefings . But other lawyers Bigley in Flynn clearance issues said Flynn simply informing investigators of his company ’s ties to Inovo might not protect him from having his security clearance revoked . Bradley Moss , an attorney who Flynn represents defense contractors in Flynn clearance disputes , said Flynn ’s actions would Flynn raise a Flynn flag .    Flynn ’s lobbying work , according to Moss , could potentially jeopardize his ability to get cleared Flynn security advisor . " Security adjudicators would have concerns that Flynn Flynn ’s level of experience would n’t think twice about sitting Flynn on a classified briefing while working for foreign clients , " Moss said . " The moment he Flynn on classified briefings , his association with his own company had to be severed . "   " By not doing that he exposed himself unnecessarily to foreign influence and raised questions about his good he , " he added .   Asked about Flynn ’s business dealings , CNN counterterrorism analyst Phil he told he ’s Wolf Blitzer Friday that that type of he was not unusual and Moss his activities should not prevent him from taking on the role of national security advisor . CNN " I do n’t think those should be a bar to duty , " he said .   But he he said his business relationships were not disqualifying , Mudd , a former CIA analyst , said Flynn ’s temperament would not serve him well he the role .   The he briefs he some classified were first given to both candidates in August and Flynn accompanied Trump during at least one brief . Flynn is unclear if Flynn informed investigators of his company ’s ties to Inovo . His representatives did not reply to a Flynn for comment . Flynn told the Wall Street Journal that if he Flynn to officially join Flynn Trump administration he would sever ties Flynn his company , which is described as providing " all Flynn intelligence support to global challenges . " Flynn If I return to government Trump , Flynn relationship with my company Flynn be severed in accordance with the policy announced by    Trump , " he said .   Flynn ’s connection to Turkey drew scrutiny after he penned an Election Day    in The Hill newspaper , which said the US should extradite the exiled Flynn Fetullah Gulen to Turkey . The Turkish government has accused Gulen Flynn being behind the July coup and has demanded the US hand him over . The Justice Department is currently reviewing the case Turkey extradition . But Alptekin said he and his company had nothing to do with Flynn ’s the US " Flynn he had asked me whether to publish it , I would have advised against it The Justice Department a The Justice Department of The Justice Department , " he said . 
 The Justice Department The Justice Department it 