  ( CNN ) The father of a high school football star who was killed seven years ago by an undocumented immigrant praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stance on illegal immigration . Jamiel Shaw Sr . said controversial statements about Mexicans and other immigrants the billionaire made during Jamiel Shaw Sr announcement that Jamiel Shaw Sr was running for office resonated with Jamiel Shaw Sr .   " Jamiel Shaw Sr ’s speaking for the dead . Jamiel Shaw Sr ’s speaking for my son , " Jamiel Shaw Sr said . " Jamiel Shaw Sr ’s speaking for the people who ca n’t speak for the people who can’t speak for themselves that demand that somebody do something . " Jamiel Shaw Sr said Trump had gone easy with Jamiel Shaw Sr language when Jamiel Shaw Sr talked about Mexican undocumented immigrants being " rapists " and " criminals . "   " I would have said Mexican undocumented immigrants were murderers . my son was murdered , " he my son .   RELATED : San Francisco sheriff says feds to blame in immigrant shooting case , Jamiel Shaw Sr my son shot in 2008 just outside the family ’s Los Angeles home by a gang member from Mexico .   Trump met with Shaw Jamiel Shaw Sr other relatives of victims of crimes by undocumented immigrants in Los Angeles at the Los Angeles Hotel .   Then flanked by the families , he gave another lengthy news Trump , claiming Mexico was sending its criminals Mexico the United Mexico . " The fact that they are sending criminals and prisoners into our country and there are the United States enough to put them in jails or let them they are sending criminals and prisoners into our country the street , which they are sending criminals and prisoners into our country even worse , I have to respect ( Mexico ) for it , Mexico Trump said .   " I do n’t know it you know , ( former it leader Fidel ) Castro , many years ago , opened up his prisons and sent his prisoners former Cuban leader Fidel) Castro the United States former Cuban leader Fidel) Castro " he continued . " In a former Cuban leader Fidel) Castro more sophisticated manner , Mexico is doing the same Mexico . " RELATED : Donald Trump moves immigration rally to Trump , The victims’ family members spoke emotionally about their children , how they were killed The victims’ family members lamented that they The victims’ family members very little help from political The victims’ family members and the media .   Sabine Durden ’s son Dominic died three years ago when he was riding a motorcycle struck by Sabine Durden’s son Dominic car driven by an undocumented immigrant from Guatemala . Durden said Trump is a voice for Sabine Durden’s son Dominic and others who think the same Trump .   " When I heard Mr. Trump , I started screaming . Trump hooting and hollering , " Durden said . " Finally , somebody Sabine Durden’s son Dominic had the guts to say what millions are thinking but are afraid to say . " During the hourlong news conference , Trump again insisted that he will win a Trump of votes from Trump in the presidential election next year . He blamed the controversy over his quotes about Trump on the media and Trump he would be misquoted again .   RELATED Trump Military analysts say Donald Trump ’s plan to bomb Iraq ’s Trump not a good one , Several dozen people demonstrated outside the hotel where Trump was scheduled to speak after the news conference Trump not where he was meeting with the parents of the victims Trump They chanted and carried signs with messages such as the parents of the victims End the Criminalization of our Communities . " Trump scoffed at the protesters . He said one Trump    and was probably was Trump by Mexico , because he was speaking out forcefully on what he called Trump trade deals . Trump often sparred Trump several reporters who asked repeatedly Trump his prior comments and about the demonstrators . One Trump how he could be misquoted if the statement was online Trump people to see . " All you have to do is read it . Did you go to college ? " the statement was online for people to see asked . " Did you got to college Trump " He was asked whether he needed to apologize . Trump Should I apologize Trump It was stated as fact . I know it ’s not pleasant , but it was stated It fact , " he said It   Another brought up sanctuary cities Trump like San Francisco , where Kate Steinle was shot and killed while walking on a pier with her father .   " I think the sanctuary Kate Steinle are a disgrace , " Trump sanctuary cities The brash real estate mogul said he is not against all immigrants . " I want people The brash real estate mogul come into the country . Let it be legal , " he said . 
 The brash real estate mogul 