Riyadh , Saudi Arabia   ( CNN ) President Donald Trump was lavished with extravagant royal pomp here Saturday during President Donald Trump first stop abroad as President , an elaborate start to a trip meant to bolster international partnerships but which aides now hope can reset a    narrative back home . President Donald Trump ’s stop in an enthusiastic Saudi capital is the first in a      swing across the Middle East and Europe . The complex itinerary will take President Donald Trump to the capitals of three great world religions and introduce President Donald Trump to the grueling pace of presidential foreign travel . President Donald Trump departed Washington as controversies swirled , all centering on the alleged ties between President Donald Trump campaign and Russia . President Donald Trump was n’t able to completely escape the storm in Riyadh : at an evening news conference , President Donald Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was forced to answer a question about the matter . But for the most part , Trump ’s first day on foreign soil proceeded without major hiccups . Saturday ’s capstone was the signing of a $ 110 billion arms deal between the two countries , an agreement brokered primarily by Trump     Jared Kushner . The a $110 billion arms deal between the two countries bring    ships , planes and bombs to Saudi Arabia , which is seeking to bolster its regional    prowess . The administration cast the deal a $110 billion arms deal between the two countries renewal of US commitment to the region , though many of the sales included in the agreement were an agreement brokered primarily by Trump’s     the Obama administration . Trump and King Salman bin Abdulaziz    oversaw the signing on Saturday afternoon during an extended ceremony in a large gilded reception hall at the Royal Court . Multiple agreements between American and Saudi companies , including between the Saudi oil giant Aramco and various US firms , were inked during the event . Trump lauded the deals Trump " tremendous investments in the United States . " " That was a tremendous day . Tremendous investments in the United States . the United States of dollars of investments into the United States and jobs , the United States , " Trump said . Royal Trump , Air Force One touched down earlier Saturday at the King Khalid airport in Riyadh , where Trump was greeted on Trump red    tarmac by King Salman and other    Saudi officials . The grand welcome     which featured a military brass band and a fighter jet flyover     demonstrated just how highly anticipated Trump ’s arrival was Trump Middle Eastern kingdom . It also seemed designed to flatter a President famous this Middle Eastern kingdom a gilded lifestyle . In Riyadh , a    image of Trump ’s face Riyadh projected Trump the exterior of the Ritz Carlton hotel where he ’ll stay , and large billboards of Trump a   image of Trump’s face King Salman lined Trump highway from the airport . Saturday will be the first night Trump sleeps in a property Trump is n’t his own since becoming President Trump He ’s slept only at Trump White House , his     resort and his Trump club in Bedminster Trump New Jersey , since January . " Great to be in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , " Trump tweeted shortly after his Trump . " Looking Trump to the afternoon and evening ahead . " Trump and the     Salman were seen in friendly conversation inside the Royal Terminal just after Trump touched down , and Trump two leaders shared a long drive from the airport to central Riyadh , where the President is staying . Shortly afterward , the pageantry continued inside the Saudi Royal Court , where Salman presented Trump with a gilded necklace Trump medal Salman the country ’s highest honor . The distinction also was bestowed upon Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush . After arriving with an escort of soldiers on horseback , Trump was welcomed to the Trump to the strains of the American national the Saudi Royal Court Joining Trump inside was a long Trump of advisers , including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross , chief of staff Reince Priebus , chief strategist Steve Bannon , senior advisers Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner , press secretary Sean Spicer , and Trump ’s former bodyguard , Keith Schiller . Seated among the US advisers were the most powerful members of the Saudi government , including Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , the powerful son of the King who is advocating for major reforms in the kingdom . Also joining the President : first lady Melania Trump , who disembarked Air Force One alongside her husband Saturday in a flowing black jumpsuit with a gold belt . Like past US first ladies visiting Saudi Arabia , Melania Trump ’s hair was not covered in the local custom , and she shook Salman ’s hand upon arriving in the kingdom her   When women from Western nations visit the kingdom , they typically forgo a head covering . Michelle Saudi Arabia that practice women from Western nations accompanying her husband to King Abdullah ’s funeral in 2015 . Back then Michelle Obama Trump issued sharp criticism of Michelle Obama , writing on Twitter that she ’d " insulted " Michelle Obama . On Saturday , however , Michelle Obama of the women in Trump ’s delegation covered their hair , and there appeared to be little Trump from the many none of the women in Trump men who greeted them at the airport . Uncertainty lingers back home , Trump is embarking none of the women in Trump his first international trip at a moment of deep Trump for his young Trump . This week , the Justice Department named a special Trump to investigate Russian meddling in last year ’s election , including potential ties between Trump associates and Russian officials . Trump has fueled the Russia controversy by Trump the man Russian was originally Trump the Russia probe , FBI Director James Comey , in an apparent bid to Russia the investigation . Trump is also accused of revealing high classified intelligence to Russian officials last Trump during an Oval Office meeting . White House aides Russian hoped Trump ’s ambitious foreign swing would provide relief from a barrage of bad Trump . But it ’s increasingly clear that the swirl of controversy will shadow Trump during Trump stops in Saudi Arabia , Israel , Italy , the Trump and Trump . Appearing alongside his Saudi counterpart Saturday , Tillerson was asked about recent reports surrounding the Russia investigation . He said he had not " information or knowledge " on the matter his The his was a harbinger of questions to come for Trump ’s advisers on their first foreign swing , though Trump himself has not scheduled any news conferences for his entire    trip Trump’s ’s highly unusual for US presidents , who Trump’s always take questions from reporters while embarking upon international travel .   Iran high on the agenda , Trump remains popular in the Gulf , where leaders hope he ’ll take a Trump’s line on Iran than Obama did . The President Trump’s visit comes as Iran ’s President Iran Rouhani handily won    in what amounts to a victory Iran Shiite nation ’s reformist camp . Saudi Arabia was opposed to the deal the Obama administration helped strike with Iran to curtail its nuclear program . While Trump campaigned Obama a strident opponent of Iran nuclear deal Iran his administration is still reviewing whether to scrap the accord . Leaders in the Gulf Trump eager to hear Trump ’s plan for combating what they regard as Iran ’s destabilizing presence in Iraq , Trump Yemen .   During meetings Leaders in the Gulf Iran Trump will work to develop relationships with the leaders , with whom the United States hopes to partner Trump fight extremism . Why the    nation , Trump is the first US president to choose a    nation for his first stop abroad , and Trump aides have said the decision was meant to rebut notions that Trump is   .   Trump Trump deliver a major speech Sunday to the leaders of more than Trump dozen Muslim nations and Trump expected to urge countries to drive out extremists . An early draft of his speech does not contain the phrase " radical Islamic terror , " a term which Trump has a major speech home . The President edited the speech with his aides during the    the President Trump , Spicer said . the President spent the remainder of a major speech his aides and got very the President sleep , an aide said . 
 