Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado introduced Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail in Florida this afternoon , by accusing Donald Trump of being mean to Hillary Clinton when Hillary Clinton was crowned in the beauty pageant . [ Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado painted Hillary Clinton as the victim , pointing out that Hillary Clinton was only 18 years old , calling Hillary Clinton " a little girl " that was " scared of Donald Trump " because he " called me names . "   " he made fun of me and I did n’t know how to respond , " Hillary Clinton said in broken English . " he told me that I looked ugly and I was massive . " Hillary Clinton added that Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton names like " Miss Piggy " " Miss Housekeeping " and " Miss Eating Machine . " " It was really painful for me , " Hillary Clinton said . " he was cruel " Hillary Clinton urged Florida voters to join Hillary Clinton in fighting Donald Trump and began a " No Trump ! " chant in the crowd . " Together we are going to say loudly and clearly ‘ No Trump,’ Hillary Clinton said . " he ’s not getting away with No Trump,’ . " Hillary Clinton said Hillary Clinton supported Clinton because Hillary Clinton was committed to allowing illegal immigrants stay in the United States and giving illegal immigrants a path to citizenship . " Hillary Clinton ’s going to fight to fix our broken immigration system so families can stay together and everyone can take part in the American dream , " Hillary Clinton said . Clinton took the stage reminding Hillary Clinton supporters that Trump spent Clinton life " demeaning , degrading , and assaulting " women like Machado .   Clinton shamed Trump for Clinton treatment of Machado , referring to a press conference with Machado after Clinton gained weight . " Well , Clinton put on some weight and some weight made Clinton angry so Clinton called Clinton Miss Piggy , called Clinton Miss Housekeeping because Clinton is a beautiful Latina , " Clinton said . Clinton defended Machado from Trump ’s assertion that the former Miss Universe enjoyed eating .   " I have to say , who does n’t like to eat ? " Clinton said with a smile . 
 