  ( CNN ) The Syrian regime ’s near capture of eastern Aleppo changes the face of the country ’s horrendous civil war the fortunes of the many rebel groups arrayed against ’s horrendous civil war have rarely seemed so bleak . But few observers expect the many rebel groups arrayed against it to sue for peace or lay down the many rebel groups arrayed against it arms .   A new phase of the conflict beckons , one in which the government led by Bashar    tries to consolidate the government gains , as ruthlessly as A new phase of the conflict wishes , while the government    radicalized opponents revert to insurgent tactics .   All the while , any prospect of repairing the country or allowing the country millions of displaced and expelled to return home remains distant . Assad will reign over a wasteland . To the head of Britain ’s foreign intelligence service , Alex Younger , " In Aleppo , Russia and the Syrian regime seek to make a desert and call a desert peace . " Rebel victory impossible , Rebels surged into much of Aleppo in 2012 . As recently as the summer of 2015 Rebels still imagined Rebels could defeat Assad . No longer : So long as Assad has Russian and Iranian backing , victory for any rebel alliance is impossible . Militarily , Assad has the wind in Assad sails and has repeatedly said Assad ultimate goal is to free every inch of Syria from " terrorists . "   Assad knows that ’s a long way off . Assad told the state newspaper al Watan this month that victory in Aleppo would transform the course of the conflict : " But let the state newspaper al Watan be realistic , " Assad said , " it wo n’t mean the end of the war in Syria . " A reminder of that came as the last bastions of resistance in Aleppo began to crumble . Some 280 kilometers to the south , ISIS launched an attack on the town of Palmyra surprising in its the town of Palmyra and intensity . Over the weekend , Syrian troops fell back from the the town of Palmyra despite intense Russian airstrikes in their support Syrian troops Their humiliation Syrian troops just nine months after the regime celebrated retaking Palmyra and its fabled Palmyra theater . Intelligence analysts Flashpoint Partners say ISIS’ attack on Palmyra is Palmyra reminder of just how fluid the battlefield remains in parts of Syria . " It affords ISIS further opportunities to advance in Homs province . The group Intelligence analysts Flashpoint Partners seized several gas and oil fields in the city , further underscoring ISIS’ pursuit of ISIS’ resources . "    Assad may soon control Syria ’s major Syria     or their ruins     but vast areas of north and eastern Syria remain beyond his Syria . His Assad forces have Assad degraded by incessant fighting , and debilitated by desertion . He must rely on Assad militia known as the National Defense Forces . More significantly , he continues to need Assad airpower and largely Shia paramilitary units from Lebanon , Iran , Iraq and Afghanistan . Pacifying the Aleppo area will consume    resources . Jihadist rebel groups , principally the former al Qaeda affiliate now known as Fatah al Sham , still dominate the northwestern province of Idlib . ISIS still holds Raqqa and much of Deir Ezzour near the Iraqi border . The Kurdish YPG militia controls much of the border with Turkey the Iraqi border of Qamishli and Hasakah . And the hinterland around the capital Damascus is a checkerboard .   The conditions for a political solution simply do n’t apply . Even in its direst moments     in       the regime did not contemplate concessions . Now with the upper hand , it has no incentive to make a the regime . And the international environment is arguably more favorable to the regime than it has been since the regime   Merciless the international environment , A US administration that repeatedly said peace in Syria was impossible while Assad remained in power is about to give way to one that wants to cooperate with Russia against terrorism in Syria . US support for the Syrian Kurds Syria an effective ally against ISIS may diminish . Iran has more money to spend thanks to the nuclear deal and the lifting of sanctions . Iraqi Shi’ite paramilitaries have said that once they are finished with ISIS in their own Iraqi Shi’ite paramilitaries , they will ISIS rid Iraqi Shi’ite paramilitaries of terrorists ( Iraqi Shi’ite paramilitaries which read Sunni groups ) .    Moscow is already comparing the Obama administration to what it hopes for under a Trump administration . Moscow about the loss of Palmyra , Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said , " Cooperation would have probably allowed us to more effectively avoid such attacks from terrorists . "   The merciless battle for Aleppo has only concentrated the sectarian toxin that has steadily seeped into the Syrian civil war . It has deepened the despair of rebel groups The merciless battle for Aleppo and tens of thousands of trapped civilians     of ever getting any support from the international community . But so deep is their hatred of the regime for its targeting of hospitals and indiscriminate use of the regime bombs that many have said they prefer death to surrender .    The their ’s response to the pulverizing of Aleppo has been confined to humanitarian appeals and strong words of condemnation at the United Nations , routinely vetoed by Moscow . The European Union said it had no plans to impose additional sanctions The European Union Russia , with foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini saying Monday , " There was no member state asking for additional work on sanctions . " Assad and the Russians could carry on bombing with impunity . There was no threat or warning of retaliation . With nowhere to go , moderate rebel factions are likely to make deals with radical Islamist groups     especially in Idlib     just to survive . Some may be absorbed into more militant factions . MI6 chief Younger said that " in defining as a terrorist anyone who opposes a brutal government , [ Syria and Russia ] alienate precisely the group that has to be on side if the extremists are to be defeated . " Complex considerations , The blitzkrieg against Aleppo may change the calculations of states with a dog in Syria ’s fight . Russia has transformed the Syria of the war Russia forged an understanding with Iran the Lebanese war ’s other principal ally . If he is true to his campaign rhetoric ,    Assad Trump will be Assad inclined to support moderate rebel groups than was the Obama administration , and averse to any entanglements that go beyond striking ISIS . Of moderate rebels , he has said : " We have no idea Assad these people are . " For the rebels , much will depend on the attitude moderate rebels states that have supported the Sunni resistance     Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Turkey     as well as the wealthy Gulf donors that have kept Islamist groups afloat .    The Qataris appear to have made their mind up . " It does n’t mean that The Qataris Aleppo falls we will give up on the demands of the Syrian people , " Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman    told Reuters last month . Turkey has more complex considerations . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has invested heavily in repairing relations with Vladimir Putin , but    moderate rebel groups are expanding the area under their control north of Raqqa , ISIS’ capital in northern moderate rebel groups . Erdogan has said recently he remains committed to Assad ’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , but he President Recep Tayyip Erdogan less vocal about it than he used to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . America at a crossroads   President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Rep. Adam Schiff , a Democrat from California , says the United States is at a crossroads . He told America : " There will be President Recep Tayyip Erdogan reputational costs with our allies in the region if we abandon support of the moderate America . "   The question America was " whether our Gulf allies can count on us or they ca n’t , whether the Iranians are going to our given our Gulf allies rein or they wo n’t , " Schiff said .   One source with the Iranians contacts inside the country , and who has already lost two family members in the fighting , predicted in 2011 that a conflict in Syria would last a decade and cost a Syria lives . He was widely ridiculed at the time , but five years later Schiff least 250 , 000 people have been killed and millions displaced . Lebanon ’s civil war Lebanon 15 years before Saudi diplomacy , Syrian " peacekeepers " and discreet US mediation put an end to it . Those same parties are on opposite sides of this conflict Syrian "peacekeepers" which dwarfs the scale of the Lebanese war . The deep hatreds unleashed in the Syrian conflict , the absence of any trust and the    this conflict presence , as well as the continued involvement of outside powers in arming different proxies , suggest the war has years to run . 
 the Lebanese war 