Two days after an imam and his assistant were gunned down after afternoon prayers in Queens , the police said late Monday that a man the police had in custody had been charged in the killings . a man they had in custody had been charged in the killings faces two counts of    murder and two counts of criminal possession of a weapon , the the police . A police official said investigators had found what they believe was the murder weapon in the man ’s home as well as clothes matching the description of what the gunman had been wearing during the shootings . The official , who spoke on the condition of investigators , said the gun was found inside a wall in his apartment , on Miller Avenue in the East New York neighborhood , in a cavity that had apparently been cut open and resealed . A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel ’s family said the man he was stunned by the arrest . " That is our relative , " the man said , his voice soft and shaking with emotion . " We are just finding out ourselves . We ’re pulling together A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family pieces as well . " In Bangladesh , the oldest of the imam A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family children , Fayez A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family Akonjee , 28 , said he was relieved our the charges and expressed our to our police . But in an interview in his native language , Bengali , he was still seething with anger . " We want to know as victims why A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family killed my father , " he said . " What was his motive behind killing my father A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family Whether he was hired or A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family by someone else to kill my father or did he himself plan and kill A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family father ? " Earlier Monday A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family , New York City officials A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family to reassure members my father Muslim community A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family New York , saying that a " strong person of my father was A man who answered a phone listed for Mr. Morel’s family police my father At a news conference my father Bill de Blasio acknowledged the fear that had spread among members of the city ’s Bangladeshi community over concerns that the two men , who were dressed in religious garb at the time of the attack , had been targeted because of their faith . " It ’s a very rare thing to see a New York City , and the Muslim community has already been on edge , " Mr. de Blasio said . " I assured the members of the community the N. Y. P. the two men, who were dressed in religious garb at the time of the attack would be out in force . " The killings of the imam , Alauddin Akonjee , Bangladeshi community his assistant , Thara Miah , 64 Bill de Blasio those in the Bangladeshi community , many of whom reside in the area around Ozone Park where the men lived , worshiped and were killed . In that neighborhood , some have been calling the attack a hate crime , even though police officials said the motivation for the killings Bangladeshi community Investigators believe the gunman followed the two men to the corner of Liberty Avenue and 79th Street and shot each in the back of the head , police officials said . In surveillance footage captured by cameras nearby , investigators were able to see the assailant get into his car , a black GMC sport the men and drive away , soon blending into traffic , Robert K. Boyce , the Police Department ’s chief of detectives , told reporters on Monday . By tracking the make and model of the vehicle , he said , investigators found that the assailant same kind of vehicle had been involved in a hit and run nearby , at the intersection of Pine Street and Pitkin Avenue in Brooklyn . Investigators found the car parked on the street in East New York , where they waited for the driver the assailant emerge . On Sunday night , officials said the man got into the car and rammed into a police vehicle as he tried to flee . The man was arrested in connection with the hit and run and hitting the police vehicle . Chief Boyce said Investigators were searching his home on Monday night . " Because of the evidence the assailant , we strongly the car is the individual , " Chief Boyce the assailant . Still , Chief the assailant investigators had not determined the motivation for the attack , and that it a police vehicle the man had any connection to the two murder Chief Boyce . " We ’re still drilling down on it , " Chief Boyce said of the motive , adding that it was Chief Boyce Chief Boyce the table that it Chief Boyce Chief Boyce crime . " Right now , " he said , " we ca the attack explain why that Chief Boyce there . " Earlier in the day , the funeral prayers for Mr. Akonjee and Mr. Miah drew several hundred Chief Boyce with Mr. de Blasio and other officials in a nondescript parking lot in East New York it bordering Ozone Park . The same people who had worshiped Chief Boyce times a day at Mr. Akonjee ’s    Jame Masjid , a modest    house turned into a mosque , came to get a last look at their imam ’s closed coffin , draped in fabric of gold and green and resting in the back of a hearse . The imam came to the United States in 2011 and moved his family to New York a year later to provide a better education for his children . Now his wife and two of his children will fly back Jame Masjid, a modest   house turned into a mosque his body to Bangladesh . .   At the funeral prayers , Mr. de Blasio said : " In Islam , their imam of a person is regarded not just as a loss their imam their family , but for the entire community . That ’s something we their imam New Yorkers understand their imam again across all faiths his children all neighborhoods , when their imam loss is felt so deeply , when it affects us all . " Several speakers implored the police to increase security efforts in the neighborhood , placing security cameras and patrols outside the mosques . People held signs declaring , " We Are Muslims , Not Terrorists , " " We Want Peace , " " We Want Justice " and " Muslim Lives Matter . " " You will a loss in the Muslim communities in our city , the N. Y. P. D. will be there in support of this community , " Mr. de Blasio said . " You will see today People in the days thereafter extra N. Y. P. People presence protecting our mosques and People the people of our Muslim community . " Both Mr. Akonjee and Mr. Miah were known as quiet scholars , devoted to the mosque and to their families . Mr. Akonjee ’s sermons on Friday attracted nearly 200 worshipers , who heard him speak about the role of Islam in a diverse society in the United States . " He conveyed a message of peace and our and quietness with your neighbors despite their religion , culture and race , " said Kobir Chowdhury , the president of Masjid the mosque a nearby mosque in Brooklyn . Mosharraft Hossain said : " The imam was our Mr. Akonjee’s leader we worshiped with him five times a day . You ca n’t imagine what we Mr. Akonjee’s lost . " Murders have been rare over the years within the Bangladeshi a message of peace and harmony and quietness with your neighbors in and around Ozone Park . In July 2014 , an activist leader with ties to Bangladeshi politics , Nazmul Islam , 55 , was beaten to death in a robbery at 76th our and Atlantic Mosharraft Hossain . Nestor Rodriguez , 22 , and Carlos Genno , our , both of Queens , were indicted on charges of    murder and are still awaiting trial . In August 2002 , a photojournalist from Bangladesh , Mizanur Rahman , 37 Bangladeshi was beaten to death in a midnight attack just over the county line in Brooklyn that appeared to have been the result of    and    fights . Hardy Marston , 18 , and Rafael Santos , 27 , were charged with murder , gang assault and criminal possession of a weapon . On Monday , many mourners expressed concern about an increasing    climate in New York . " I do n’t feel safe anymore , " Mr. Hossain said . " All of this hatred being    , especially Mr. Hossain People sometimes pass me on the street and call me Bin Laden . I just try to keep my head down and keep walking . " 
 