’   ’ "    Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse this week said ’  ’ "   Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ’s sure the      cloud hanging over President Donald Trump ’s    administration will not be clearing up any time soon . " ’    And Republicans , ’  ’ "   Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said , are beginning to take the accusations    much more seriously . ’ ’    Whitehouse , the Rhode Island senator and the ranking member on    the Senate Judiciary subcommittee investigating Russia’ ’s role in    the 2016 election , spoke with Business Insider this week while    promoting    newly released book , " . " ’ ’    The Rhode Island Democrat said the investigation from the Senate    subcommittee , which is chaired by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham    of South Carolina , will first explore the " toolbox that Russia    uses in our elections and in other elections to try to engage in    election manipulation . " ’ ’    the Senate   subcommittee, which is chaired by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham   of South Carolina will then evaluate the legality of what took    place during the election . Several intelligence agencies    concluded that Russia Russia and harm Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . ’ ’’ ’    Whitehouse said the subcommittee investigation will consist of    " three big buckets . " ’ ’    " Russia’ ’s importance to Trump’ ’s business enterprises and what    influence that may have over his    , traditional      kompromat , and then engagement between his       and the Russians around the torquing of the election away from    Hillary , " he    . " It’ ’s one thing if they torqued the election    away from Hillary   Hillary gave it the election    him , it’ It’ another if they It’    conspiring with each other or planning with each other . The first       bad , the second is . .. worse . " ’ ’    Recently , reports have surfaced that several Trump    associates . Trump Trump    denied any knowledge    of such contact . Additionally , Michael Flynn resigned as    national security adviser last week after multiple outlets    reported he Michael Flynn sanctions with a Russian ambassador prior    to Trump Trump    office , and then was not forthright about the    content of his Michael Flynn with Vice President Mike Pence . ’ ’    Trump Trump    attempted to downplay the stories related to Russia ,       during a press conference last week that " Russia Russia fake    news . " ’ "    Many of these reports , Whitehouse said , have led his Trump       colleagues to become increasingly concerned about Trump Trump       ties to Russia . Russia ’    " The private conversation around the Senate is that , very much ,    this    serious , " he said    " The experienced Washington reporters    that    talk to are all digging . And many of them are you talk to are all digging    optimistic    being able to find significant things . Somebody    in politics can tell when the dogs are hunting , and when they’’re    just running around . And these dogs the dogs . They’’re making    game .    on their business . " ’ ’    He added Somebody   in politics intelligence officials and law enforcement has made    it clear " this is a long way from over . " ’ ’    " So I think that helps , " he said Somebody   in politics " And then I think they wouldn’’t    put it past Trump to do any of this stuff for a second . " ’ ’    " I think it’ ’s all converging to a point where people are    collectively holding their breath and people will see what is the    next shoe to drop , " he continued . Trump My personal observation is    that there is very little good will for this man with Republicans    in the Senate . " ’ "    But senators do not want to cross Trump ’s loyal voters ,    Whitehouse said , adding that the appearance of going after him    too soon would be politically costly for his GOP colleagues him " ’    " But , if something comes out that changes that dynamic , if the    switch flips , the elevator goes straight to the basement , " he    said him " There’ ’s very little in terms of arms reaching out to help    him . " ’ ’Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse this week . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 