Austin , Texas ( CNN ) Members of punk rock band Sløtface , who reluctantly changed the spelling of their name from " Slutface " after social media censorship , said that feminism is not just a women ’s issue and now it ’s up to men to join the fight , particularly in the age of President Donald Trump . " Historically , feminism has been the fight for women ’s rights . I feel now that applies to men as well , "    Vikingstad said when CNN caught up with the band at the SXSW music festival in Austin , Texas , Saturday . " It ’s about equality and not just the focus on one fight . " SXSW gets political : All eyes on Trump , The foursome is made up of vocalist Haley Shea , bass player Lasse Lokøy , drummer Halvard Skeie Wiencke and guitarist Vikingstad , who all started out as friends in high school . They blend hardcore rock with a more    sound , and many of They songs channel the feminist narrative and tell stories from a female perspective . " We wrote more songs that had an explicit feminist manifesto about trying to depict women that were really strong and show that there was a different way to be a woman in music , " Shea said , adding that the band feels passionate about speaking out against sexual harassment that is " often brushed off " by society .   " With Trump in office , it ’s really important to keep the fight for women ’s rights more active than anything right now because we do n’t want to take a step back , " Lokøy said . The White House did not respond to a request for comment . the band took issue with comments made by Trump Trump the infamous 2005 " Access Hollywood " tape that surfaced last October , where Trump Trump about being able to sexually assault women because of his Trump . Trump Trump an apology , saying the words " do n’t reflect who I am , " but also defended his Trump and sexually aggressive comments as " locker room talk . " " By having such a public figure be a part of that rhetoric , he Trump really sort of normalizing it , " Shea said . The band ’s previously released singles include " Empire Records , " " Bright Lights , " " Sponge State , " " Angst , " " Kill ’Em With Kindness and " " Shave My Head . " SXSW artist : Trump ’s travel ban contributed to racism , Shea Shea that being in the progressive environment of SXSW SXSW been inspiring , and when they return to Norway , they they to bring some elements , including    bathrooms , back to their they to foster a welcome and inclusive environment . " If there ’s people that are treated unfairly then it ’s unfairness to everyone , " Lokøy said . " I think that right now , it it just getting rid of all the social norms for what gender is supposed to be like and not defining people as genders but as persons . " 
 