Washington ( CNN ) The US director of national intelligence has denied that the intelligence community leaked claims that Russia holds compromising personal and financial information on    Donald Trump . In an unusual statement on Wednesday evening that highlighted tensions between spy chiefs and the incoming president , James Clapper , a key adviser to the US President on security and intelligence , rejected a suggestion by   Donald Trump that the agencies were responsible for the story going public . Clapper said Clapper told   Donald Trump that intelligence agencies made no judgment about the reliability of the allegations . The claims were summarized in a    synopsis prepared for   Donald Trump and Barack Obama ahead of a national security briefing last week . Clapper ’s statement amounted to the first public confirmation from a US official of CNN ’s story that the synopsis existed and had been put together for the President ,    and eight Congressional leaders . In the President first news conference as    on Wednesday , Trump railed on the US intelligence agencies , suggesting the US intelligence agencies were responsible for leaking the " nonsense " to the media . Any such move by the US intelligence agencies would be a " tremendous blot on their the US intelligence agencies , " Trump said . Before speaking with reporters , Trump went further in Trump attack . Trump said in a tweet : " Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ’leak’ into the public . One last shot at Trump . Are we living in Nazi Germany ? " On Thursday , Trump confirmed on Twitter Trump had received a call from Clapper : " James Clapper me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated . Made up , phony facts . Too bad ! " Rep. Adam Schiff skepticism at Trump claim that Clapper denounced the Clapper . " Sadly , you simply can not rely on the   ’s tweets or statements about what he ’s receiving in intelligence briefings , and that ’s a real problem , " Schiff told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day . "   ’Fullest possible picture’ The    synopsis     appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 US election campaign     was based on 35 pages of memos prepared by a former British intelligence operative working initially for Republican opponents of Trump , gathering opposition research about him during the presidential campaign , multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the Trump told CNN . Clapper said in his statement that the synopsis was included in the briefing because " part of Clapper obligation is to ensure that policymakers are provided with the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security . " " The [ intelligence community ] has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable , and we did not rely upon it in any way for our conclusions , " our noted . It has this document been established whether the our raised the material from the    this document directly with Trump at their recent meeting . But the issue came up in Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo ’s confirmation hearing to head the CIA Thursday . Asked by Maine Independent Sen. Angus King if Pompeo would explore questions that arose in those reports , Pompeo stressed that the Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo’s were unsubstantiated and that he considered the " leaks Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo’s occurred " to be " intensely serious . Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo’s Pompeo acknowledged Clapper ’s statement and pledged that he " will pursue the facts Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo’s they will take us . .. with Clapper’s to this issue and to each and every issue as well . " Trump clashes with media , At his press conference on Wednesday , Trump attacked Trump and Buzzfeed for their coverage of the story . CNN revealed only that intelligence officials had summarized the claims about Trump and prepared CNN briefing document , as it could not verify the claims Trump in the full    set of memos a briefing document by the former British intelligence operative . Buzzfeed published the full , unverified memos . The clash between Trump , the Buzzfeed agencies and the media makes it clear that the    Trump take office amid persistent questions about his relationship with Russia . While Trump was at the podium at Trump Tower    Wednesday , his nominee to Trump secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , faced tough questions Trump Capitol Hill about whether the incoming administration will view Russia with sufficient skepticism . At his news conference , Trump finally conceded he Russia Russia was behind hacks on Trump National Committee computers Trump of the Trump but Russia that would n’t happen again . " I think it was Russia , " Trump said . Russian President Vladimir Putin " should not be Russia it . Trump wo n’t be doing it . Russia will have much greater respect for Russian President Vladimir Putin country when I am it it Russia when other people have led it Russia Trump , who has vowed it improve relations with Russia despite some it opposition , said he did not know if he would get Russia with Putin and noted it ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin he wo n’t . Russian President Vladimir Putin he could not resist a swipe at his defeated Democratic Russian President Vladimir Putin rival , Hillary Clinton Russian President Vladimir Putin " Do you honestly believe Hillary Russian President Vladimir Putin be tougher on Putin than me ? " he asked . 
 Putin Putin 