The Commission on Presidential Debates said Friday that the first debate on Monday was marred by an unspecified technical malfunction that affected the volume of Donald J. Trump ’s voice in the debate hall . Donald J. Trump’s complained after the first debate on Monday that the event ’s organizers had given him a Donald J. Trump’s defective mike , " contributing to his widely Donald J. Trump’s performance against Hillary Clinton . Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump Donald J. Trump’s telling reporters on her campaign plane , " Hillary Clinton who complains about the microphone is not having a good night . " Mr. Trump was clearly Donald J. Trump’s the television audience . And there is no evidence of sabotage . But it turns out he was on to something Donald J. Trump’s " Regarding the first debate , there were issues regarding Donald Trump ’s audio that Donald J. Trump’s level in the debate hall , " the commission said in its statement . The commission , a nonprofit the commission that sponsors the presidential debates , released no other information about the malfunction , including how it was discovered , which equipment was to blame , or why the problem was admitted to only on Friday , four days after the debate . Reached by phone , a the first debate the commission ’s media staff said she was not the commission speak about the matter . Mrs. Clinton members of the audience , held at Hofstra University in New York , recalled in interviews that the amplification of Mr. Trump ’s voice was at times significantly lower than that for Mrs. Clinton . And at times Mr. Trump appeared to be hunching down to get his Mr. Trump’s to his microphone . Zeke Miller , a Mr. Trump’s for Time Magazine Mr. Trump’s attended the debate , mentioned the difference on Monday in a report to the traveling press pool for Mr. Trump . From his vantage point , Mr. Miller wrote Mr. Trump’s Trump was sometimes Mr. Trump’s a little quieter Mr. Trump’s Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Trump’s interview , Mr. Trump said he had tested out the audio system two hours before the Mr. Trump’s found it Mr. Trump’s flawless . " Only during the debate did he notice the problem , Mr. Trump said , and he tried to compensate by Mr. Trump’s down more closely to Mr. Trump’s . He complained that Mr. Trump’s changing volume had distracted him and alleged again that someone had created Mr. Trump’s problem deliberately . " They had somebody Mr. Trump’s the microphone , so when I was the problem the mike would go up and down , the microphone Trump said . " I spent 50 percent of my thought process working the mike Mr. Trump’s He had wanted to pause the debate to address the problem , Mr. Trump said the mike Mr. Trump’s he could not . " How can I stop the show Mr. Trump’s had 100 million people watching Mr. Trump’s " he said . Asked whether he was reconsidering participating in the next debate , scheduled for Oct. 9 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump’s directly . " I want to do the next debate , but everybody Mr. Trump’s about the mike , " Mr. Trump said . 
 Mr. Trump’s the mike the next debate 