  ( CNN ) A US aircraft    strike group is headed toward the Western Pacific Ocean near the Korean Peninsula , a US defense official confirmed to  (CNN) . The move of A US aircraft   strike group is in response to recent North Korean provocations , the official said a US defense official Harry Harris , the commander of US Pacific Command , directed the USS Carl A US aircraft   strike group to the Western Pacific after departing Singapore on Saturday , Pacific Command announced . The group had been scheduled to go to A US aircraft   strike group It is not uncommon for aircraft carriers to operate in that area , and the United States regularly deploys military assets , such as aircraft , to the region as a show of force . In fact , the Vinson was in South Korea last month for military exercises . On April 5 , North Korea launched a projectile , later identified as a South Korea missile , into the sea off the Korean Peninsula . There were conflicting accounts about how far it flew . The regime also has recently conducted several missile engine tests as it works to improve its ballistic missile technology . In September The regime North Korea says The regime successfully tested a nuclear warhead . Pyongyang South Korea is pursuing South Korea weapons to defend itself from what it calls Pyongyang aggression . News of the carrier Pyongyang comes just Pyongyang a summit meeting between US President Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping , where North Korea was one of the top items on the agenda . " President Xi clearly understands , and     and I think agrees , that the situation has intensified and has reached a certain level of threat that action has to be taken , " US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told CBS’ " Face the Nation " program on Sunday . " There ’s a shared view and no disagreement as to how dangerous the situation has become , " Tillerson said . Earlier this year , China called on both North US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the US to tone down tension on the Korean Peninsula     North Korea by suspending its nuclear weapons program and the US by North Korea exercises with China Korea that inflame Pyongyang . the US the summit , Trump warned North Korea US was prepared to act unilaterally to stop North Korea ’s nuclear program from the US should China be unwilling to use its leverage over Pyongyang . But analysts say any unilateral military options for the US concerning China Korea posed Pyongyang problems . While the US possesses overwhelming firepower compared the US Korea , North Korea’s strike on North Korea could the US Korea to devastating casualties in retaliation , North Korea’s . Bruce Bennett , senior defense North Korea’s the Rand Corp. North Korea’s , said in an email to CNN that the movement of the Vinson strike group to Korean waters is likely defensive in nature . Sailing with the Vinson are the    destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the    cruiser USS Lake Champlain , Vinson a statement from US Pacific Command . The destroyers and the cruiser are all equipped with the Aegis missile defense system . " If North Korea were to test some number of ballistic missiles by firing them into the East    of Japan , these warships would have the potential of intercepting the North Korean test missile , " The destroyers and the cruiser said . He said they are n’t The destroyers and the cruiser weaponry needed for a strike against Pyongyang ’s nuclear program , something analysts consider highly unlikely . Bennett Because The destroyers and the cruiser Korea places most of its assets underground , it will be difficult for the Vinson group to do a lot of damage to North Korea on its own North Korea " he said . Another    US warship drilled with similar vessels from the South Korean and Japanese North Korea the Korean North Korea last month in Vinson the US Navy called " a trilateral missile warning informational link exercise . " The      Vinson , one of 10 active US aircraft carriers , has more than 60 aircraft and about 5 , 000 personnel . It is based in San Diego . 
 