GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) tells an interviewer that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is " taking advantage of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump voters " who " are uninformed " and " have relatively low information . " [ " Donald has done well in the southeastern states , " GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said in an interview with The Brody File ’s David Brody of CBN News .   David Brody of CBN News.   has had a good base of support . We ’ve done well as well , We ’ve been typically second in each of the southeastern states , and we We racked up delegates . Now , Donald has a harder problem in the west . It ’s interesting , Donald location , Donald does well in the southeast . Donald does well with a certain demographic of voter . Donald gave a press conference where Donald said , to quote Donald , ‘ I love the poorly educated.’ Listen , part of it is I think Donald is taking advantage of Donald voters because I understand what they his voters angry about , but Donald if you ’re angry at the corruption of Washington , you do n’t solve it the corruption of Washington supporting someone who has been enmeshed in the Washington Washington for forty years . Cruz continued by arguing that " for four decades , Donald has been supporting left wing Democratic politicians —   Donald supported Jimmy Carter over Ronald Reagan , Donald supported Joe Biden and Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer , Donald supported John Kerry over George W. Bush . " " He John Kerry over George W. Bush money twice to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign in 2008 , " Cruz added of Trump . If you ’re frustrated with the Washington corruption , the answer is not to vote for someone who ’s been one of the key corrupters . You know , you look at immigration —   supposedly , Donald , his Donald issue . During the " Gang of Eight " immigration fight , Donald Donald funding the " Gang of Eight " —   the eight members of the " Gang of Eight . " Donald Donald supported five of them the eight members of the "Gang of Eight   gave over $ 50 , 000 to five of them the eight members of the "Gang of Eight So what is happening , Donald Donald well with voters who have relatively low information , who are not that engaged and who are angry and they the eight members of the "Gang of Eight him Donald an angry voice . Where we are beating him Donald is when voters get more engaged and they voters more informed . Cruz added , " When they voters themselves voters they voters his Donald . He Donald what they voters angry at and if you want someone to stand up to Washington the only one who has been doing so in this race is me . " In response to a request for comment , Cruz Cruz Catherine Frazier doubled down on Cruz Cruz statements . " Campaigns are all about informing voters , " Frazier Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier in an email . Cruz Cruz the greatest respect for all voters which is why he Cruz strived to make this a campaign about the substantive    not personality or personal attacks . As voters learn more about Donald Trump , we believe they voters realize he Cruz not right for our country . And as they voters more about Ted Cruz we believe we will voters him as Cruz leader we need we turn our country our country choose him to Cruz that leader . 
 