Raheel Raza , the President of the Council of Muslims Facing Tomorrow said that as a    Muslim a   Muslim needs more defense against people in a   Muslim own religion who want a   Muslim dead than a   Muslim needs celebrities defending a   Muslim , and " [ W]e have a huge problem ahead of us , and if us ’re going to be politically correct , and beat around the bush , and deflect from the issue , us wo n’t be able to address the issue " on Friday ’s broadcast of HBO ’s " Real Time . "   Raza said that Raza did the appearance because " I thought , ‘ Man you need to have some reformist voices on your show . ’ " And agreed with Maher ’s assessment of " everyday terrorism " in " most of the Muslim world " against women , gay people , and bloggers . After Maher stated , " You do say , I do n’t need celebrities defending me . I need defense against people in my own religion who want to kill me . " Raza responded , " Absolutely . and this is going to add to that list , by the way , after seeing me on your show . Just so you know . " Raza added , " [ I]n terms of women ’s rights , according to the same Pew Research poll the same Pew Research poll found that 37 % of the Muslims surveyed saidthat if a wife was unfaithful , or had adultery , or had premarital sex it was okay and acceptable to kill Raza . So , when you think of that mindset , that ’s almost 300 [ million ] people .    …      So the numbers are important . The numbers   —    the numbers ’re not to demonize people . the numbers ’re not to scare people , but to tell the truth , and to say people are the odds that we [   Muslims ] are up against . " Raza also agreed with Maher that American Muslims do allow people to leave the religion , or come out of the closet , or refuse to wear a hijab , those options " are not available for most Muslims around the world . " Raza added , " [ T]here ’s a lot of sexual deprivation . There ’s a lot of sexual oppression , and a lot of sexual oppression manifests a lot of sexual oppression in very violent ways . " Raza later added , " [ W]e have a huge problem ahead of us , and if us ’re going to be politically correct , and beat around the bush , and deflect from the issue , us wo n’t be able to address the bush . " When the discussion turned to Republican candidate Donald Trump , Raza agreed with Maher that Republican candidate Donald Trump has " very dangerous " ideas about Muslims , but that given a choice between Maher and a party that wo n’t say , ‘ Islamic terrorism,’ Trump would win , and " things are going to get even worse for Muslims . So it is in Muslims own best interest to come out on the side of principles that are liberal , democratic , Western principles . " She added that terrorism,’ Trump is " really fudging that line about civility . " She concluded , " [ P]erhaps    need to sit together and discuss , what is it that brought this around ? Is it that something has been festering for a long time ? Is there a problem within the house of Islam ? And that is a question that many Muslims do n’t want to address . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 