Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign still lacks a sufficient number of supportive delegates to guarantee that any revolt at the Republican National Convention could be put down , a key committee delegate says . RNC Committeeman from Georgia and Rules Committee delegate Randy Evans , a lawyer who also works with the RNC and the Donald Trump campaign , estimates that Donald Trump has the support locked up of 888 delegates to Cleveland this month in the event of an effort to unbind delegates , leaving RNC Committeeman from Georgia and Rules Committee delegate Randy Evans, a lawyer who also works with the RNC and the Trump campaign free to vote for any candidate . That ’s far short of the 1 , 237     a simple majority of total delegates     that will be necessary to pass rules for the convention , leaving open the door for efforts to block Trump ’s nomination to continue . Evans’ numbers were first reported by The Wall Street Journal . According to Evans’ tally , 682 delegates are friendly to the delegate unbinding efforts . That leaves 903 potential swing votes .   Getting to a floor vote that allows delegates to vote for any candidate is still a long shot . The    Rules Committee creates a draft of the convention rules that will be voted on the floor . The   Rules Committee has 112 delegates , but it The   Rules Committee takes 28 to for what ’s called a minority report , even if the majority does n’t agree , that version of the rules also gets an     vote and debate on the the floor   Evans , with the help of Young Republican volunteers , has compiled a database of all the convention delegates using a combination of direct phone calls , scouring social media and combing through public affiliations . The effort was undertaken independent of the RNC and Trump campaign , Evans said Evans though he communicates Evans them . the RNC and Trump campaign priority Evans a " smooth convention , " Evans added Evans   By Evans’ estimate , there are currently only about 18 supportive members on the Rules Committee , with roughly 20 whose preference is n’t known . But Trump ’s Trump back on the numbers , saying that Evans’ estimate vastly Evans’ Trump ’s support Trump .   " These numbers are completely the numbers " a Trump adviser familiar with Trump campaign ’s whip operation said . " Mr. Trump will become Trump at the convention and any conspiracy theory arguing otherwise is just plain silly . " One big wild card is Utah Sen. Mike Lee , who with his wife will serve on the Rules Committee . As one of the    members of the committee , who has not the Rules Committee about his preferences but supported Texas Sen. his Cruz in the primary , Evans said Lee could sway a number of his colleagues .   " I think Lee Sen. Lee stands up in the Rules Lee Lee , ’In the Rules Committee transparency I think the delegates should get their choice,’ I think they get their 28 , " the delegates said . Any the delegates to the delegates Trump as Evans nominee still is a long shot . But Evans notes that Trump ’s actions over the next Evans days will play Trump major role . " So much depends on the dynamics of what happens between now and when the Rules Committee meets , " Evans said . " If we have another Mexican Evans tirade , I think that the numbers go up . If we have what we ’ve seen for the last two we , then we think it ’s not very serious . " Lee ’s office said the senator remains undecided .   Still , struggles remain for unbinding , Still , the unbinding effort faces hurdles . Fracture lines have formed among the groups looking to unbind as crunch time nears .   Courageous Conservatives PAC and its main spokesman , Steve Lonegan , announced they would Conservatives from FreeTheDelegates as that group held a Courageous Conservatives PAC and its main spokesman, Steve Lonegan call Tuesday night with    Courageous Conservatives PAC and its main spokesman, Steve Lonegan Kristol and David French . The Weekly Standard editor and conservative lawyer and writer had in the past supported a    candidate to run against Trump . Lonegan and CCPAC     which had framed itself as the fundraising arm for FreeTheDelegates     said talk of Lonegan    candidate crossed a line . " My opinion is the support by this group of a third party undermines their credibility to be successful at the Rules Committee or anywhere this group of a third party , and unfortunately it undermines our credibility as well , " Lonegan said in this group of a third party interview . Lonegan , a New Jersey GOP strategist and former U. S. Senate candidate , said his group would still work to unbind delegates and " have Lonegan, a New Jersey GOP strategist and former U. S. Senate candidate we should have , " but added that " if Donald Trump this group of a third party the nominee , so be it . " The lack of unity and a clear alternative to Trump makes things difficult to organize a successful    movement . said Donald Trump Committee member Solomon Yue of Oregon .   " ( Mitt ) Romney is a no , Paul Ryan , no     so then you ’ve got another problem : You are leaderless . And leaderless means   . You do n’t have a candidate you can all rally behind , " Yue said . " When rebels split like this , they take Rules Committee member Solomon Yue of Oregon their own effectiveness to even organize seven states to rebels an objection rebels " ’It ’s on’ Kendal Unruh , the FreeTheDelegates leader , Colorado delegate and Rules Committee member , said she ’s undeterred and touted her group ’s new partnership with Delegates ’It’s on’ Kendal Unruh, the FreeTheDelegates leader, Colorado delegate and Rules Committee member , an organization advocating ’It’s on’ Kendal Unruh, the FreeTheDelegates leader, Colorado delegate and Rules Committee member delegates to vote their conscience at the convention , In an interview , Unruh said ’It’s on’ Kendal Unruh, the FreeTheDelegates leader, Colorado delegate and Rules Committee member group " professionalizes " Free The Delegate ’s efforts , which had been   .   Delegates Unbound , run by Republican strategists Dane Waters and Eric O’Keefe , has planned to put $ 2 . 5 million to $ 3 . 5 million into education , advertising , organizing and convention whip operations around unbinding delegates . " This is n’t going away no matter how anyone in the press or Donald Trump or the RNC try to mitigate it away     it ’s on , " Unruh said .   This said Kristol This French did not actually advocate for a third Unruh . " Had he been on the phone call , " Unruh said of Lonegan , " he would have heard that the Unruh The Delegates movement , and Unruh fact that we can have a conscience convention , was something that backed ( Kristol and French ) away from that idea . " Kristol tweeted Wednesday that Kristol should be free to vote their conscience Kristol accusing the RNC of holding them back . " delegates are born free , but the RNC delegates to put them in chains , " he tweeted the RNC that he supports an Delegates on the floor of the convention if those votes he not recognized . " I ’m only for floor revolt if Chair fails to recognize right of delegates to demand roll call   record their votes . " Unruh has lowered expectations , telling the conference call delegates CNN that the he is to get a minority report out of the Rules Committee , which requires    of the    panel . That ’s down from her more bullish prediction of being able to sway a majority of the Rules Committee to adopt a rule that would unbind the delegates . The full convention must approve the rules at the beginning of proceedings in Cleveland . Delegates may also simply take matters into their own hands , she said . " It ’s looking more and Delegates like it ’s her to boil down to the delegates realizing they are unbound It any codification and taking their innate right to be Delegates to the floor and exercising it , Delegates Unruh said . If the prior 2012 rules are passed the floor significant changes , as expected , the rules ignore those " conscience " votes and record the number of bound delegates for each candidate regardless . It would take a majority of seven states’ delegations to even raise a point of order to challenge that in the moment , Yue said . Another rules    Bruce Ash of Arizona , poured cold water on the effort ’s chances . " I think it just leaves Kendal and the rest of the group of    with one less friend , " Ash said of the rift . " I think everybody understands that they lack the kind   Bruce Ash support to pull off what they started out to do . " 
 they 