Tuesday night after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump won several states in the Super Tuesday , Republican primary Republican supporter and former opponent Gov. Chris Christie ( ) introduced him and declared Trump ’s presidential bid not to be " a campaign , " but instead " a movement . "   Christie said , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has won Georgia and Massachusetts , Alabama and Virginia . He ’s Christie won the great state of Tennessee . Tonight , is the beginning of Donald Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Republican party together for a big victory this November . Tonight , is Tonight beginning of Donald Trump bringing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of our nation together to America win again . Tonight in all those Tonight that supported Mr. Trump today , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ones who voted across this country , our message is America to get ready for the fight that ’s coming this fall . The fight this fall is to make sure that this fall Republican party and united American people make sure that Hillary Rodham Clinton never gets back in the White House . " " Since June 16 when Mr. Trump declared his candidacy Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump shown himself Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump be Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and strong Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump bold , " he continued . " He ’s Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump himself to be Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump fighter . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump leader who speaks plainly to the American people . He ’s listened to the American Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . The American people are listening the American people He ’s bringing the American people Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump That , ladies and gentlemen , is not a America it ’s a movement . America wants to come together . America wants to a campaign strong and successful again , but they know that to America that they need to have a strong , bold America tough , decisive leader back America the oval office . They have that man after tonight . Ladies and gentlemen , let me introduce America you the next president of the united states , Donald Trump . " Follow Ladies and gentlemen Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 