The new    Ghostbusters remake was always meant to be a disaster . Though the liberal media has attempted gloss over the largely negative reviews by putting the positive ones from feminist bloggers in the forefront , the liberal media ’s safe to say that much of the public are not exactly fans . [ During the lead up to the movie ’s release , we spotted numerous bad omens along the way , and we ’ve decided to compile a list of the top six that indicated the remake ’s trouble long before the press had seen the remake .   1 . The Trailer , 928 , 158 . That is the current number of dislikes on the official Ghostbusters remake trailer . the film has just under 265 , 000 likes . This makes the video YouTube ’s most disliked trailer in history , and the film has not even been officially released yet . Why ? the film looks shoddy . From the poor      visual effects , to the bizarre and frankly out of place jokes , the official Ghostbusters looks like a bad movie . Couple this with the fact that the original is one of the most beloved classics of all time , and you end up with a lot of angry people . Making a shoddy film is one thing , but attempting to remake a beloved classic with an incredibly inferior looking film is not going to make fans happy . 2 . Director Paul Feig : ‘ Ghostbusters’ Haters are ‘ Misogynistic,’ ‘   Radio Monsters’ After a large proportion of the population expressed their a large proportion of the population for the Ghostbuster remake ’s trailer , the production team had to work fast in order to turns thing around . The solution ? Brand everyone who criticized the the Ghostbuster remake a misogynistic    monster . " [ I have been ] hit with some of the worst misogynistic stuff in the last two years , " said Feig during a diversity panel in June . " [ As ] someone coming from a liberal family and hearing    radio for the first time . It ’s like , my God , what ’s happened ? They ’re monsters . " Several other colleagues and collaborators also joined in , with Judd Apatow saying , " I would assume there ’s a very large crossover of people who are doubtful Ghostbusters will The new Ghostbusters great and people excited about the Donald Trump candidacy . I would assume they are Several other colleagues and collaborators exact same people . " 3 . The new Ghostbusters cast sharing a stage with Hillary Clinton , In May , talkshow host Ellen DeGeneres announced that the new    cast of Ghostbusters would The new Ghostbusters sharing a stage with Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton next episode . " Get your Woman Cards ready " declared DeGeneres . The talkshow host Ellen DeGeneres cast of Ghostbusters is The new Ghostbusters next week and now @HillaryClinton is coming , too ! Get your Woman Cards your Woman   Cards    Ellen DeGeneres ( @TheEllenShow ) May 17 , 2016 ,   What none of them seemed to realize was that by putting a cast of an already hated film up with one of the most hated political figures in American history , they were n’t going them be doing the movie any favors . 4 . Ghostbusters Star Melissa McCarthy : Critics Are    Old Men Living In Their Mother ’s Basements , During a    appearance on the Jimmy Kimmel Show , Melissa McCarthy made an Ghostbusters Star Melissa McCarthy about critics of the film with host Jimmy Kimmel . " A lot of these guys who seem to have , I do n’t know , maybe very empty lives are upset because they say , oh well A lot of these guys who seem to have ca n’t have female Ghostbusters because only men can fight imaginary ghosts in a make believe movie " said Kimmel towards the cast . host Jimmy Kimmel What these guys do n’t say A lot of these guys who seem to have ’re typing is that their A lot of these guys who seem to have are like ‘ get A lot of these guys who seem to have and take out the garbage ! You ’re forty five years old’ " replied McCarthy .   5 . Sony ’s " aggressive " efforts to get original    Bill Murray to promote the film , During the Sony Entertainment Pictures hack in 2014 , an array of awkward and exposing emails between executives were leaked . Among these were an email chain where one executive recommended " aggressive " options should original Ghostbusters    Bill Murray refuse to help promote original   Bill Murray again . In order to more fully evaluate our position if Bill Murray again declines to engage on original   Bill Murray " AG requested that we identify " aggressive " litigation counsel with whom we can consult to evaluate our alternatives and our .   [ Harkening our to his prior employer , of course , raised the name of David Boies . ] Personally , while I ’m fine with aggressive , I think we are in much worse shape if this our public so seems to me we should look for someone who is n’t our the spotlight . Can we discuss at some point soon to provide our suggestion or two ? Thanks . Surely enough , during the recent television promotion circuits , Murray was seen with the new cast promoting the film . 6 . The official Ghostbusters toys have been spotted in numerous stores’ clearance sections , and the film has n’t even been release yet the film if the run up to the films release could n’t get any more embarrassing , numerous shoppers around the nation have already witnessed the new Ghostbusters toys end up in the clearance section   …      and the film has n’t even been released yet ! the film on Twitter have shared images of the toys online which are already laden with big red The official Ghostbusters toys . Ouch . # Ghostbusters toys are marked down at Toys R Us   The official Ghostbusters toys clearance ( ? ! ) at Target . This movie is n’t OUT yet . pic . twitter .    —    Ryan J. Downey ( @ryandowney ) July 9 , 2016 ,   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 a reporter for Breitbart Tech a reporter for Breitbart Tech 