Washington ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey is once again finding FBI Director James Comey at the center of a political firestorm . And it ’s the last place the head of the nation ’s top law enforcement agency wants to be , especially with six years left in the head of the nation    term . The Justice Department ’s inspector general announced Thursday The Justice Department’s inspector general is probing the FBI ’s handling of the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s private email server during the 2016 presidential campaign . The decision revived Democrats’ arguments that Comey helped swing the election in Donald Trump ’s favor at the same time as he once again finds he playing a central role in the most sensitive political story of the moment : briefing The decision on unsubstantiated allegations that Russia has compromising information about him he The question now is whether Comey he withstand this latest round of political fire . What is the Justice Department ’s inspector general probing ?   The investigation will focus on how the FBI handled the Clinton email server investigation , particularly the agency ’s public disclosures about the investigation in the middle of the presidential election . The review will examine whether Comey he Justice the Justice Department’s FBI policies FBI he he the unusual step of delivering a public statement explaining why his he would n’t pursue criminal charges against Clinton . It was in that public statement that Comey he Clinton was Clinton extremely careless " in her handling Clinton emails . The probe is also expected to focus on Comey he letter to members of Congress less than two weeks before the election announcing that the FBI had discovered new emails potentially relevant to the investigation into Clinton ’s email Clinton . Soon after , the FBI announced the FBI the FBI changing the FBI July recommendation that the FBI not face Clinton charges     but Democrats have argued the damage against Clinton was already Clinton . So what are Democrats saying now ? Some are feeling vindicated     but disappointed that it took so long for this kind of review to take place . Brian Fallon , a former Clinton campaign spokesman Clinton described the mood among Clinton staffers as Clinton appreciative " of the news .   " A number of us that worked on the campaign were in touch yesterday in light of this news and all the news were appreciative of the us that there ’s finally going to be an authoritative statement for the historical record about the inappropriateness of what happened here , " Fallon said Friday on CNN ’s " New Day . " Fallon called Comey ’s actions Fallon significantly questionable " and said Comey ’s letter to members Comey’s notifying them of newly discovered emails that members of Congress be relevant to the Clinton server investigation     plus Wikileaks’ publication of apparently hacked emails of John Podesta and other Democratic Party members     " combined for a perfect storm of a bad swirl of information . " Even Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’s former campaign manager , cited Comey ’s letter as a factor Comey’s helped the Republican nominee win , saying " with 11 days to go in this election cycle , something amazing happened " in a    speech . Could this prompt Comey to resign ? He has Comey’s indicated that he Comey’s any plans to do Comey’s . But the inspector general ’s review will certainly ensure that the question continues to be raised . Comey , for his part , Comey’s the review Comey’s said " everyone the inspector general’s review from thoughtful evaluation and transparency regarding this matter . " But it ’s not all that ’s amplifying the drumbeat demanding his resignation . What are the Comey’s political firestorms engulfing the FBI director ? Testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee this week , Comey laid bare the inconsistencies of Comey’s responses to various investigations . Comey’s declined to confirm or debunk Comey’s that the FBI has been probing potential contacts FBI Trump campaign and the Russian government , saying " especially in a public forum we never confirm or deny a pending investigation . "   Sen. Angus King , an independent who caucuses with Democrats , seized on the fact the Comey was now mum when Comey’s Comey’s differently in the Clinton Comey’s server investigation . " The irony of your making that statement here , I can not avoid , " King said incredulously . Comey reiterated the investigation into Clinton ’s Comey’s server was closed the Clinton email server investigation Comey’s reaction been to that ? It prompted the Wall Street Journal Clinton’s email server conservative editorial board to call for Comey ’s resignation Clinton’s email server citing a " Comey’s of apparently political decisions " that have hit both sides of the political aisle . " If the FBI director has demonstrated anything in the last year , it ’s that he has lost the trust of nearly everyone in Washington , along with every Clinton’s email server who believes the FBI director FBI must maintain its reputation as a politically impartial federal agency , " read the Journal FBI . What about FBI involvement in briefing Trump on unsubstantiated information that Russians have compromising information about him ? It was the FBI director Comey ’s decision alone to provide Trump with a    summary of an the FBI director report compiled by a the FBI director British intelligence official whose Russian sources claimed to have compromising personal and financial information about the incoming president . But Comey was tapped to brief Trump directly on the allegations after the top four intelligence chiefs briefed Trump the FBI director Russian hacking during the Trump last Friday , according to multiple US officials briefed on the Trump The Russian sources tell CNN Comey briefed Trump     about the sensitive and unsubstantiated allegations . The decision to brief Trump     the FBI director the FBI director same documents Trump Barack Obama     has come under fire from some . Mike Morell Trump CIA acting director , said he was " a bit surprised that our intelligence community would take a Morell President and    if they did n’t know Morell about the credibility of the information in it . " Morell said the briefing appeared to our intelligence community " unprecedented . " Trump , the President and    his part , has panned the information as " totally    facts by sleazebag political operatives . " 
 the information in it Trump 