West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is back to attacking President Donald Trump predecessor , former President Barack Obama . In a series of tweets early Saturday morning , President Donald Trump called Obama a " bad " or " sick " person after accusing President Donald Trump , without evidence , of ordering the government to tap President Donald Trump phones during the 2016 presidential campaign . While attacks from President Donald Trump aimed at Obama are nothing we have n’t seen before , attacks from Trump aimed at Obama come after months of restraint and even complimentary comments President Donald Trump has made about President Donald Trump predecessor since President Donald Trump was elected president . And attacks from Trump aimed at Obama marked a return to President Donald Trump earlier treatment of Obama Obama The relationship is all best summed up in a comment Trump President Donald Trump on Fox News in late January : " What amazed me is that I was vicious to him President Donald Trump statements , he President Donald Trump vicious to me in statements , and here we are getting along , we we riding up Pennsylvania Avenue . . .. We we n’t even mention it . I guess that ’s the world of politics . " Here ’s a look back at some of what Trump President Donald Trump had to say about Obama over the years : March 2011 , " I want him President Donald Trump show his President Donald Trump certificate . . .. There ’s something on that his birth certificate he President Donald Trump n’t like . "     Trump on " The View " on March 23 , 2011 . Trump President Donald Trump himself President Donald Trump the national political conversation in March March 2011 when he President Donald Trump to publicly question whether Obama Obama born in the United States     effectively taking a megaphone to a conspiracy theory that for years had swirled in conservative circles . August 2012 , " An ’extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that @BarackObama ’s birth certificate is a fraud , " he President Donald Trump on August 6 , 2012 . Trump continued to accuse Obama Obama not being born in the US for several years after Obama Obama his Obama certificate .   November 2015 , " I think he Obama a threat to our country , " Trump said on a Trump show . January 2016 , " Obama Obama one of the worst negotiators on everything I ’ve ever seen except for when it comes to dealing with the Republicans , " Trump said in an Trump with NBC News . March 2016 , " He Obama be the worst thing to ever happen to Israel , believe me , " Trump said at the Trump Israel Public Affairs Committee Israel annual conference . June 2016 , " There ’s something going on , " Trump intoned about Obama Trump a June interview , suggesting Obama was sympathetic to Obama Islamist terrorists . " You know , people can not believe that President Obama is acting Obama he acts and ca n’t Obama mention the words radical Islamic terrorism , " he said on Fox News Obama " There ’s something going on   —    it ’s inconceivable . There Fox News something going on . " August 2016 , " I think he ’s the worst president Obama in Obama our country , " said Trump on Fox News . He also called Obama Fox News disaster Obama " " weak " and " ineffective " in the interview , echoing many of his criticisms of Obama on the campaign Obama . August , Obama , " ISIS is honoring President Obama . He ’s the founder of Obama He ’s Obama founder of ISIS . ISIS ’s Obama founder the founder of ISIS , Obama Trump said at an the founder of ISIS ISIS 2016 , campaign rally . November 10 , 2016 , Obama is a " good man , " Trump Obama in the Oval Office after meeting Obama for first time . Trump Really good meeting Obama great chemistry , " Trump tweeted after meeting with Obama at the White House . Earlier that Trump Obama he told Obama it was a " great honor being with Obama and Trump look forward to being with you many , many more times , " saying he would seek Obama you counsel . December 7 , 2016 , Obama Trump must tell you , you know , I never met him before this . I never spoke to him before this . I Trump     I do like him , " Trump said this interview about his predecessor . Trump added Trump he was seeking Obama ’s advice on Trump and has Trump taking Obama Trump recommendations very seriously . " December 28 , 2016 , " Doing Trump best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks . Thought it was going to be a smooth transition    NOT ! " Trump tweeted . Later , Trump added : " I ’m getting along Trump well with him . Trump other than a couple of statements ( that ) I Trump to and we talked about it and smiled about it . " " We are never going to be going against each it , " he we . January 22 , 2017 , " I just went to Trump Oval Office and found this beautiful letter from President Obama . It was really very nice of him to do that . And I this beautiful letter from President Obama cherish that , " Trump President Obama . February 6 , 2017 , " We get along , Trump do n’t know if he ’ll admit this , but he likes me . I like him President Obama " Trump said during his President Obama Bowl interview with Fox News’ President Obama O’Reilly . Trump February 27 Trump 2017 , " I think he is behind it . I also think it is politics , that President Obama the way it is , " Trump said , accusing Obama of being responsible for protests against Republicans . Trump 4 , 2017 , " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my " wires tapped " in Trump Tower just before the Obama . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! " Trump tweeted , adding , " Bad ( or sick ) guy ! Trump 
 