’’ ’In many ways , a showdown between Paul Ryan and Donald Trump was inevitable.’ ’Conflict between the wonky Speaker of the House and the controversial presumptive Republican presidential nominee has been brewing for months as Paul Ryan goal of presenting the American people a    GOP in a vital election year has been threatened by Trump ’s     rhetoric on topics like immigration.’ ’Ryan had to reluctantly weigh in on the GOP presidential primary to refute Trump Trump’s , including his proposal Trump’s ban Muslims from entering the U. S. and his    the U. S. of the support he received Trump’s white supremacists.’ ’The day after Trump vanquished Trump’s last of his 16 Trump’s opponents , Ryan took Trump’s gloves off , at least for him . Trump’s on CNN whether he supports Trump’s , Trump’s replied Trump’s " I ’m just not ready to do that at this point . I ’m not ’m right now . And I hope to , though , and I want to . But I think what is required is that we unify the party . And I think the bulk of the burden on unifying the party the party to come from our presumptive nominee . " ’ ’"This is the party of Lincoln , of Reagan , of Jack Kemp . And we do n’t always nominate a Lincoln and a Lincoln every four Reagan , but we hope that we nominee aspires we Lincoln and " he Lincoln , saying our presumptive nominee hopes Trump " our presumptive nominee the principles of our party and appeals to a wide , vast majority of Americans . " ’ ’The comments suggested that divisions within the GOP could only deepen before Election Day.’ ’Then Trump shot back.’ ’"I Trump not ready to support Speaker Ryan ’s agenda , " he said in a Speaker Ryan . " Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people . They have been treated the American people badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first ! " the American people ’The apparent animosity between the Republican nominee and the top GOP    in the country got party leaders working like mad to mend a possibly catastrophic break . Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus is trying to get the pair in a room together for a meeting next week , an idea a top Ryan aide .’ ’Truly mending the rift wo n’t be easy . Ryan and Trump are Ryan odds on a host of issues , including trade and foreign policy.’ ’’ ’On top of that , friction between the two may carry some political advantages for each . Trump has risen to Trump top of the GOP field in part by criticizing the party ’s     leadership . And Ryan might see a benefit in distancing himself from his party Ryan presidential Ryan ; he , like Senate Ryan Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) is worried that having Trump at the top Trump the ticket could lead to a    tsunami , with incumbent Republicans swept out of office by an unstoppable Democratic tide.’ ’If there ’s enough room between Trump and congressional Republicans Trump the GOP might be able to hold onto its majorities in both the GOP . If not , Ryan , who last month delivered a   statement that he would not seek the nomination in 2016 , might turn his gaze to the he race.’ 
 