  ( CNN ) Donald Trump , who overcame an onslaught of negative advertising to clinch the GOP nomination , recently turned to supporters at a rally for advice .    " Do ads work anymore ? "    asked .    If ads do , Trump is getting left behind .    The presumptive GOP nominee is being massively outspent on television airwaves : Between Tuesday and Election Day , Trump has reserved zero dollars in television advertising , compared to $ 117 million from Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton allies , according to data from the ad tracking firm Kantar   .    Compared to Hillary Clinton spending , the buys from    groups are a drop in the bucket .    Among       spots is one that hammers Trump as " too dangerous for America . "    That messaging , if it sticks That messaging could pose yet another hurdle for Trump , Trump campaign is in turmoil amid criticism that it has whose campaign barely functioning infrastructure . Trump , who on Monday fired his campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , also has n’t built other common elements of a national campaign , such as a fundraising base or an extensive network of field staff .    The    effort looks like a traditional    campaign    with a mix of $ 21 million from her campaign and major buys from Priorities USA Action , the main super PAC supporting her bid her Clinton and the super the main super PAC run the main super PAC 12 million of television advertising in eight battleground states since she clinched the nomination Clinton this month , according to the ad tracker .    GOP donors rattled by Donald Trump , Trump , on the other hand , has n’t bought any television advertising since early May , when he spent a small GOP for ads in Indiana and Nebraska .   One of the super PACs supporting his candidacy joined the GOP on Monday , announcing a $ 700 , 000 buy contrasting the two candidates’ handling of national security threats .   Another group recently spent $ 1 . 7 million on an ad critical of Clinton . That buy was on Another group and did n’t focus on the key states that typically decide the November election .    The difference in what viewers see is stark : In the first week of the general election , Clinton and her super PAC Clinton nearly Clinton , 000 more spots on broadcast and national cable TV than Trump and his allies , according to Trump Kantar Media data .   Trump won in the primaries Trump being outspent . In several states , he only began advertising with Trump left before voters cast their ballots . At one voters in the primary , Trump quipped he started advertising Trump television Trump because I feel guilty " that others were spending heavily , yet were still    by him .    Regardless of Trump much he invests in his own Trump , Trump Trump be expected to Trump to Clinton ’s ads .    " Believe me folks    they ’re false ads , folks he recently told supporters in Trump . " They are so false . folks , some of them are n’t so false folks Mostly . "  
 