  ( CNN ) Three federal judges Tuesday evening will hear oral arguments in the challenge to President Donald Trump ’s executive order on immigration . The    hearing , conducted by telephone among three West coast judges at 6 p. m. ET , will determine the immediate fate of the nationwide temporary restraining order against President Donald Trump’s travel ban .   Trump President Donald Trump’s only been in office for 17 days , but his President Donald Trump’s Department is already embroiled in a    legal battle that could affect hundreds of thousands of people and the direction of his President Donald Trump’s . Attorneys general for Washington and Minnesota , which challenged the executive order , say that the temporary restraining order should remain in place because the President had " unleashed chaos " by signing the the temporary restraining order Trump , who rode a wave of populist anger into the White House , now has to wait for the Ninth Circuit panel . The San the US Supreme Court reputation as one of the most liberal in the nation to the point where some Republican lawmakers have even pushed to split it up in an effort to limit its impact . And no it what its ruling here , the it stop will likely be the US Supreme Court .   It ’s a stunning escalation the next stop an issue that has caused massive confusion in airports across the country , left those the nation visas and refugees seeking asylum in legal limbo and prompted the President himself     in the first major legal challenge of his presidency     to launch an the President himself     on one judge who ruled against him . Washington Attorney General Bob the President himself     told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on Monday evening commented on Trump ’s attack : " My mother and father raised me to be gracious in victory and defeat as a kid . Based on those tweets it appears to me that ’s a lesson that ’s been lost on President Trump . " Not a Trump , The issue in front of the court at the moment is not whether or not Trump ’s travel ban is constitutional , Trump’s it will remain suspended for now . It Trump’s travel ban centers on his executive order issued January 27 with little explanation or advance warning . The order bars citizens of seven    countries his executive order issued January 27 with little explanation or advance warning , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . Friday , federal Judge James Robart of Syria US District Court for the Western District of Washington suspended key parts of the executive order nationwide . Trump fired off two tweets in response . In one he referred to Robart as a " so called Trump judge . federal Judge James Robart of the US District Court for the Western District of Washington another , he said , " Just can not believe a Trump would put our country in such peril . If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in . Trump ! " The two states’ attorneys general put forward several legal arguments , including that it violates the Establishment Clause in the First Amendment states’ the Constitution because it shows government preference for one religion over another the Establishment Clause in the First Amendment and Equal Protection Clause     part of the 14th Amendment     because it discriminates based on religion and national origin . the 14th Amendment     government counters that Robart ’s injunction should be lifted for now and the executive order should be cleared to go back The Executive Order the legal process continues . " The Executive Order is a lawful exercise of the President ’s authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees , " the lawyers wrote in briefs filed Monday night . They argued that the district court " erred " in entering the lawyers " sweeping the Court "   They argued that Congress has granted the President " broad discretion the lawyers to suspend " any class of aliens " into the United States .   But they acknowledged that if the the United States allow the injunction to stand the lawyers should be limited to the class of individuals on whom the State ’s claims the injunction : " previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or who wish to travel and return to the United States in the future . " Amicus brief from Kerry , the United States on Monday morning several former senior US officials , including former Secretaries of State John Kerry and Madeleine Albright , signed on to a declaration in support of a brief filed by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota . " We view the ( Executive ) Order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the Amicus brief from Kerry, Albright, Also on Monday morning several former senior US officials, including former Secretaries of State John Kerry and Madeleine Albright, signed on to a declaration in support of a brief filed by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota States , rather than making us safer , " officials wrote . " It could do    damage to our national security Amicus brief from Kerry, Albright, Also on Monday morning several former senior US officials, including former Secretaries of State John Kerry and Madeleine Albright, signed on to a declaration in support of a brief filed by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota foreign policy interest , endangering US troops in the field and disrupting counterterrorism and national security partnerships . " Amicus brief from 16 state attorneys general , The top legal officials in 16 states , including Pennsylvania and Iowa which voted for Trump , filed a memorandum in support of efforts to halt the travel ban . The state attorneys general from these states argue they have standing as the executive order inflicts harm on states , including disruption at state universities state attorneys general from these states medical institutions .   The states include New York , California , Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Illinois , Maine these states , New Mexico , Oregon , Rhode Island , and Vermont , the Commonwealths of Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , and Virginia , as well as the District of Columbia . Government briefs due Monday evening , The appellate court has been burning the midnight oil , requesting further briefing early Sunday on the Justice Department ’s request for an emergency stay from the two states     Washington and Minnesota     as well as from the government .   The states ask that the court to leave the temporary restraining order in place , arguing that the the two states    Washington and Minnesota    as well as from the government failed to show that it would be " irreparably harmed " by a suspension of the the government .   " But that would the government that until the ( Executive ) Order was issued , The Executive Order some unspecified , ongoing irreparable harm . That makes no sense The Executive Order status quo against sudden disruption is often in the interest of all parties , " the states said in a court filing Monday morning . Monday evening , the Justice Department responded . " The Executive Order is a lawful exercise the United States President ’s authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees , " the Justice Department wrote in a brief Monday evening . Ferguson responded to the filing saying : " There ’s nothing in there that ’s particularly surprising the Justice Department government struck back Sunday , arguing that Robart ’s order should be lifted and the executive order go back into effect . " Judicial    of the President ’s determination that a temporary suspension of entry of certain classes of The Executive Order at this time to protect national security would constitute an impermissible intrusion on the political branches’ plenary constitutional authority over foreign affairs , national security , and immigration , " wrote Noel Francisco , the acting Solicitor General . The    panel includes Judge William C. Canby Jr , an appointee of President Jimmy Carter , Judge Michelle T. Friedland , who was appointed by President Barack Obama , and Judge Richard R. Clifton , an appointee of President George W. Bush . It is likely that they will make their decisions based on the legal briefs they receive and not ask for a hearing . The 9th Circuit represents the most geographically diverse district in the country with nearly four they judges and covers most of the they United States , Hawaii and Alaska .   The loser at the 9th Circuit will most likely go to the Supreme Court . Because the justices are understaffed with only eight judges , there is a chance that they could split on The 9th Circuit . If that were to occur , they ’d be left with simply upholding whatever order the 9th Circuit issued , underscoring the importance of that the justices ’s ruling . Hawaii rejected , Hawaii had filed an emergency motion to the justices in the appeal as well alongside Minnesota and The 9th Circuit attempt the court rejected Monday night . The the ruling   separate lawsuit against Trump over the travel Hawaii in federal district court in Hawaii last week , and it argued that Hawaii must be the Supreme Court the case before the Ninth Circuit to protect its interests as well . 
 The 9th Circuit Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii a separate lawsuit against Trump 