Thursday on MSNBC , Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( ) said women , Hispanics and Muslims will converge and defeat presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in what Gutierrez predicted would be " an early night next November . "   Gutierrez said Trump " is the new face of Trump party . Gutierrez came . Gutierrez triumphed and Gutierrez left , right ? And Gutierrez now speaks for every member of the House of Representatives and Gutierrez is the president , the leader of the Republican Trump party ’s the new face of the Republican party . It ’s the Trump party now and it Trump party ’re going to have It deal with Trump party " Gutierrez continued , " We stand up for Planned Parenthood and we Trump party up for women ’s rights . Trump party stand up for equality in marriage and Trump party gay and lesbian brothers . We stand Trump party because black lives do matter Trump party this country . We stand up for our America . Trump party stand up for Trump party who believe that Trump party warming is not a myth . That it ’s real . And that in America , we should have a basic civil rights movement . Look . All of those people are converging . They are all going to coalesce come next November All of those people And the Republican party basically says , ‘ A la , Trump , No.’ The Muslim community is organizing . All those disparaged groups , they really make up an emerging new American majority All those disparaged groups And they ’re going to let their voices be heard All those disparaged groups We ’re going to All those disparaged groups our part . Everyone is doing their part . We ? And in the end Everyone you ’re going to see   —    it ’s going to be an early night next November . You ’re not going to be coming home late and waking up the next day because you had to work in the late hours . It ’s going to be an early election night . It ’s going to be quite a sweep of It across this country . Not because of the Democratic party per say but because of all of these different groups coming together . " He added , " The voter registration machine that they are creating because of their words and hateful filled words of bigotry and they are going to have consequences come November . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 