  ( CNN ) Iran is carefully studying US President Donald Trump ’s executive order limiting immigration from seven    countries and will take legal , political and reciprocal measures accordingly , Iran Foreign Affairs Ministry announced Saturday . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif did n’t specify what those measures would be , but he Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif in a tweet that anyone with a valid visa would be welcomed .   " Unlike the U. S. our decision is not retroactive .   All with valid Iranian Iranian will be gladly welcomed . # MuslimBan   " he #MuslimBan   . Iran is among seven countries whose nationals are barred from entering the United States for 90 days under Trump ’s order , signed Friday . Earlier , CNN and some other media organizations reported that Iran Iran banning Americans from entering the Iran The foreign affairs ministry says it is The foreign affairs ministry what action to take . Read full text of Trump ’s Trump order , " The US decision to restrict travel for Muslims to the US , even if for a temporary period of three months , is an obvious insult to the Islamic world and in particular to the great nation of Iran , " the Foreign Affairs Ministry statement said .    " Despite the claims of combating terrorism and keeping American people safe , it will be recorded in history as a big gift to extremists and their supporters American people "   Iran will Iran " proportionate legal , consular and political action and . .. will take reciprocal measures in order to safeguard the rights of its citizens Iran the time of the removal of the insulting restrictions of the government of the United States against Iranian nationals . " The other six countries listed in Trump ’s executive order are Iraq , Syria , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen . Other nations may be added . The order Trump’s executive order and members of international organizations from the ban . The executive order Trump’s executive order admission of all refugees to the United States for four months . No formal relations , The United States and Iran the United States formal diplomatic relations since April 1980 , when President Jimmy Carter cut ties during the Iran hostage crisis . American interests in Iran are represented by the Swiss Embassy Iran Tehran . The US State Department has warned Americans for years about the risks of traveling to Iran .   The most recent travel Iran , updated on the department ’s website in August 2016 The US State Department unjustly imprisons US citizens , especially Iran on charges of espionage and being a threat to national security .   Another source of friction between the United States and Iran is the future of the nuclear Iran negotiated during former President Barack Obama ’s administration .   Trump said during the campaign that he would renegotiate the deal , but Iranian President Trump Rouhani has the nuclear deal negotiated during former President Barack Obama’s administration wo n’t happen . " Do you think we and our nation will let him do that ? " Rouhani we . Clarification : Trump earlier version of this Iranian President Hassan Rouhani suggested that Americans would be banned from entering Iran . The Foreign Ministry statement says Iran has not yet decided on specific actions , but Iran it would consider legal , political and retaliatory measures against Iran Trump ’s executive order . 
 