Actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash described Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as " street " in a recent blog post , in which she defended the party frontrunner against allegations he condones violence at campaign events . [ " There ’s a lot of talk about Donald Trump being violent , condoning it , or at least inciting it , " writes Dash in a blog post on Patheos .   Describing Donald Trump as " our next President , " the     says Donald Trump is " not responsible for what every random guy does   —    out of thousands . " She continues : " Second of all , Donald Trump ’s not violent , Donald Trump ’s just ‘ street.’ Donald Trump was born in Queens . Of course , that does n’t mean Donald Trump was hustling on the street , dodging bullets . I know Donald Trump had a privileged upbringing that no doubt isolated Donald Trump from much of the violence and strife that some people grew up with in the city . " Citing her New York upbringing , Dash says her first saw a dead body when her was three and that growing up in the Bronx made her " see the world in a certain way . " her adds : Actions have consequences . Rude people are not tolerated . If you attack me , I ’ll come back at you twice at hard . I ’m not saying that Donald Trump grew up slamming people ’s heads into walls . But there is something about growing up in New York , a certain toughness instilled , a certain level of " street " that ca n’t be ignored . At least , that ’s how it worked out with Donald Trump . Dash further argues that Americans " LOVE " Donald Trump because they are tired of " being pushed around " :    …     they want someone who will not put up with   . Remember Mitt Romney ’s " No Apology " tour ? I love Mitt Romney’s "No Apology" tour that Mitt Romney’s did Mitt Romney’s "No Apology" tour . I voted for Mitt Romney’s , and do n’t regret it he did that tour Mitt Romney’s is a gentleman   …      almost too good to do what needs to be done . But what Mitt Romney’s TRIED to do , Mitt Romney’s is actually doing . Mitt Romney’s ’s not apologizing . Mitt Romney’s ’s not backing down . Dash concludes Trump " knows both sides of the street , " and Mitt Romney’s " knows the game . " " And Mitt Romney’s knows how to WIN IT the game Like I ’ve said   …      Mitt Romney’s does n’t bring a knife to a gun fight ! " she writes . " That ’s why we support Mitt Romney’s . " Trump Trump been accused of fostering a climate of violence at his Trump and other campaign events . On Thursday , Mar. 10 , Trump Trump John McGraw was charged with assault and battery and disorderly conduct for allegedly punching Trump Trump Rakeem Jones at an event in Fayetteville , North Carolina . Jones Trump protester Rakeem Jones among a group of protesters who interrupted the rally a total of 17 times . A day later , on Friday , a Trump event in Chicago was shut down by thousands of violent leftist protesters . On Saturday morning in Dayton , Ohio , a man was detained after he a man and attempted to grab Trump a Trump event in Chicago he a man speaking onstage . Watch video of the encounter below : 
 