Hillary Clinton continued Hillary Clinton West Coast fundraising trip Tuesday afternoon at the Los Angeles home of pop star Justin Timberlake and his wife , actress Jessica Biel , where the Democratic presidential candidate sat for lunch with    celebrities and Hollywood power players . [ The $ 33 , 400    luncheon featured such notable guests as Jennifer Aniston , Tobey Maguire , Jamie Foxx , Katie Holmes , TV powerhouse Shonda Rhimes , ICM Partners chief Chris Silbermann and Justin Bieber manager Scooter Braun , according to Variety .   Actor Leonardo DiCaprio had originally planned to host Clinton on Tuesday at Actor Leonardo DiCaprio Los Angeles home , but said a scheduling conflict with Actor Leonardo DiCaprio latest film had necessitated Actor Leonardo DiCaprio presence in New York . Actor Leonardo DiCaprio ’s    charitable foundation was the subject of news reports last week tying the subject of news reports to a $ 3 billion Malaysian embezzlement scheme , though a Clinton spokesperson later said suggestions that the actor dropped out due to those reports are " completely false . " The Timberlake lunch is the third of seven California events Clinton has lined up on Clinton West Coast itinerary . The candidate attended a $ 2 , 700    fundraiser at the home of former NBA legend Magic Johnson on Monday afternoon that reportedly drew more than 500 guests , including Denzel Washington , Samuel L. Jackson , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) . I enjoyed showing @HillaryClinton my Lakers showroom   the 5 championship trophies we won    the Lakers ! # ImWithHer pic . twitter .    —    Earvin Magic Johnson ( @MagicJohnson ) August 23 , 2016 ,   Clinton was in Beverly Hills Monday night at the home of billionaire entertainment mogul and Democratic Party    Haim Saban and   Haim Saban wife Cheryl . The $ 100 , 000    event drew such Hollywood heavyweights as Disney CEO Bob Iger , Chernin Group founder Peter Chernin and outgoing DreamWorks Animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg , who just locked down a reported $ 390 million payday as part of his company ’s sale to Comcast . The $100, 000   event reportedly drew around 80 attendees , and Clinton is said to have participated in a     session focusing on policy and the positive achievements of the Clinton Foundation . The candidate Clinton an appearance on ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel Live ! earlier Monday . Clinton was scheduled Clinton travel to Laguna Beach Tuesday afternoon for two more fundraisers before heading north to the Bay Area for yet two more events , one hosted by Apple CEO Tim Cook and Vice President Lisa Jackson and another at the home of Integrated Archive Systems CEO Amy Rao . The events are part of an aggressive fundraising push by the Democratic nominee ahead of Labor Day weekend , the unofficial start to what will be a contentious showdown with Republican Donald Trump in the general election .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 