  ( CNN ) Political uncertainty in the United States and in South Korea could give North Korean leader Kim Jong Un " an apt time " to develop nuclear weapons " at all costs by the end of 2017 , " a    North Korean diplomat who recently defected to South Korea said Tuesday . " Due to domestic political procedures , North South Korea that South Korea South Korea US will not be able to take physical or military actions to deter North Korea ’s nuclear development , " Thae    formerly No . 2 at the North Korean Embassy in London , said in a news briefing , according to the Yonhap News Agency . Thae said Kim has no plans to give up the country ’s South Korea if he is offered huge Kim of money , saying the leader is " Kim with nuclear development after setting up a plan to develop it ( nuclear weapons ) at all costs by the end of 2017 . "    Donald Trump signaled last week that he will look to " Donald Trump and expand " the US nuclear capability , tweeting , " The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such The United States as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes . the world Trump ’s comments came hours Donald Trump President Vladimir Putin also pledged to enhance his country ’s nuclear forces . Russian President Vladimir Putin will try to open dialogue with Seoul ’s and Washington ’s new administrations as a    state , Thae predicted of the North ’s strategy to obtain a nuclear power status . Until then , North Korea will continue to launch military provocations and conduct nuclear tests in a bid to frustrate Seoul ’s and Washington ’s    Seoul towards Pyongyang Washington Thae said .   " North Thae believes that relentless provocations North Korea new ( South Korean and US ) governments’ policy lines into more    ones , " he said according to the Yonhap Thae Agency , one of the few outlets allowed into the briefing . North Korea has recently stipulated a dual North Korea policy to be part of the ruling party ’s official platform , but in reality , the decision puts nuclear development at the top priority , he said .   " Following Thae ruling party congress in May , Kim    made it a party Thae finish nuclear development within the ruling party congress in May earliest time possible , " he told the news agency . Director Thae National Intelligence James Clapper said in October that it ’s a " lost cause " to try the news agency get North Korea to surrender its nuclear weapons . " They are under siege North Korea they are very paranoid . So the notion of They up their nuclear capability , whatever it is , is They nonstarter with them , " Clapper said in remarks at the They on Foreign National Intelligence James Clapper in New York . " The best we could probably hope for is some sort of a cap . " US intel chief : North Korea will never give up nukes , Tuesday was Thae ’s first appearance to the media since he escaped his post in London to take refuge in South he along with his wife and two sons in July . Educated he and having spent decades at foreign posts , the     Thae becomes one of the    North Thae known to have defected to the South , though some    defections are not known to South Korea as well . He plans to join a South Korean national security think tank he next year as a researcher .   South Korea ’s National Assembly impeached President Park    earlier this month over a corruption scandal . It ’s now up to the country ’s Constitutional Court to deliberate South Korea’s National Assembly impeachment motion , a South Korea’s could take up to 180 days . Park said last month that she would resign if " the National Assembly President Park    a path for the President Park    transition of power . South Korea’s National Assembly 