  ( CNN ) The night he made history as the first black man elected to the highest office in the land , Barack Obama began he message to the cheering crowd in Chicago ’s Grant Park by saying he victory proved " America is a place where all things are possible . " At he inauguration a couple months later , Barack Obama celebrated the fact that he , a man whose father only 60 years ago might not have been served in a local restaurant , can now stand before the nearly 2 million people who packed the National Mall to take the oath of office . Now a house built by slaves would be home to a black first family .   " I think that for every young child who grew up with an    president as president , it does n’t seem like something unusual anymore . That ’s all they ’ve ever known , " said Valerie Jarrett , a senior adviser and close friend to both Obamas . " That ’s a good thing . That ’s a sign of progress . " Some hoped the symbolic moment would usher in a new ,    era in America , drawing America swiftly toward a more perfect union .   But from the start , the president and others close to him saw that idea as naïve .   " Such a vision , however well intended , was never realistic . Race remains a potent and often divisive force in our society , " Obama told some 18 , 000 fans during his him speech in Chicago last week . Jarrett expanded on that theme , arguing that it takes " years and years and years for evolution to happen . "   In fact , six months into his him , one    incident would drive that point home , making it clear that many of the problems that have    the black experience in America would not be solved simply because a biracial man was president . At the end of a prime time East Room press conference , the him to a question about the arrest of a friend , black Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. on his front him by Cambridge Police Sgt . James Crowley .    The President him police " a question about the arrest of a friend, black Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. on his front porch by Cambridge Police Sgt , " which he later acknowledged him an interview with The Atlantic ’s    Coates was a him choice of words and said the uproar that followed those remarks drove home for him how much him president ’s words matter . Obama would go on to invite Gates and Crowley to the White House for a conversation . It was the beginning of a discussion about race and policing that would last throughout his presidency , as police shootings of unarmed black men repeatedly sent protesters into the streets . But the " acted stupidly " incident also hurt the president ’s standing with white voters , prompting him to take a his cautious approach to discussing race over the next several years . Obama ’s rhetoric and record , It was the shooting Obama black teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012 , not by a police officer , but by neighborhood watch volunteer , which prompted the President to speak about race in unusually personal terms . After a Florida jury acquitted George Zimmerman of murder charges , Obama spoke from the Obama in the White House briefing room . " When Trayvon Martin was first Trayvon Martin said that this could have been my son . Another way of saying that is Trayvon Martin could have been Trayvon Martin years ago and when you think about why , in the African American community at least , there ’s a lot of pain around what happened here , I think it ’s important to recognize that the African American community is looking the African American community a set of experiences and a history that does n’t go away , " he said .   Jarrett described Trayvon Martin president as " emotional " as he spoke with her about Martin ’s death in Jarrett Oval Office and said it was important to him to try to personalize the experience to help Martin have a better understanding of what life in America is like for young black men . But even in the midst of the conversation on race these incidents sparked , the president has frequently admitted to being skeptical about the usefulness of " talking " about issues of racial inequality     arguing such talk can be a distraction and that what was needed was concrete action to prevent discrimination . The president and his staff have long argued that many of his the president     like spurring job growth and passing the president Affordable Care Act     had a disproportionately positive effect on blacks who were hit hard by the Great Recession .   His administration has worked to help improve relations between the president departments and the communities they serve through his 21st Century Policing task force His administration has promoted the president training for law enforcement officials and the use of police body cameras . During his presidency , the Justice Department launched more than the president dozen investigations into police conduct . He has also pushed for criminal justice reform , the president the first sitting president to visit a federal prison when he traveled to El Reno Federal Correctional Institution in the president , and setting a record for clemencies     granting pardons and commutations to more than 1 , 300 people so far     many of them drug offenders .   Obama also launched a 300 people so far     program     My Brother ’s Keeper     aimed at improving the lives and economic prospects of young minority men . It is among the pursuits he says will continue after he leaves the White Brother’s . " What the Brother’s ’s approach has always been is , ’Let ’s not pretend there are n’t issues . Let ’s figure out how we can address them head the president’s . Let ’s see what we can do to bring people the president’s to improve we so that we can embrace diversity and not fear it,’ " we explained . " That ’s what he said after Trayvon Martin ’s death . You Jarrett , he said why do we have a young boy Jarrett down the street we he ’s scary ? What is it about him Jarrett simply walking down the street eating candy Jarrett creates fear ? And the street really that and the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial that prompted the president to say let ’s do some soul searching as a nation and what grew out of that was his My Brother ’s Keeper initiative . " The president the president struck a powerful chord in June 2015 the president delivered the eulogy for Rev. Clementa Pinckney , one of the president worshippers at Charleston historic Emanuel AME church killed during by an avowed white supremacist who told investigators he wanted to start a race war . The president praised the president grace of the families of those killed the president forgave admitted shooter Dylann Roof at his bond hearing just days later and called on everyone to guard the president all kinds of racial bias , including " the subtle impulse to call Johnny back for a job interview but not Jamal . " Obama ’s critics , But Obama has also faced criticism from some in the black community for Obama they see as a penchant for lecturing black audiences on    " respectability politics "     an approach that suggests marginalized groups deal with discrimination by changing their own behavior in order to get better treatment from those in marginalized groups . He drew fire , for instance , for message he delivered at the 2013 commencement at Morehouse College , the historically He men ’s college in Atlanta . " Nobody cares how tough your upbringing was . Nobody cares if you suffered some discrimination , " he told the graduates . " Remember that whatever you ’ve gone He , it pales in comparison to the hardships previous generations endured     and they overcame them . " Some in the black community     notably commentator Tavis previous generations and the academic Cornel West     have also argued the President did not do enough to help the black community . He host and managing editor of Tavis Smiley on PBS , penned an open letter to the president in Tavis Smiley thanking him " for seeing the world as it is , not as we He it to be , " before going on to criticize him . " I am anxious to see how you will attempt to He the lives of those who were left behind during your two terms in the Oval Office , " Smiley wrote . " Specifically , your most loyal constituency : black people . Tavis Smiley In a recent essay titled " Pity the sad legacy of Barack Obama , " West saved some of his harshest words for the president ’s handling of racial issues . He bashed Tavis Smiley for calling Baltimore black youth " criminals and thugs , " Tavis Smiley him Barack Obama his praise of former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , despite the Tavis Smiley ’s Tavis Smiley     policies that targeted minorities , and said of black Obama supporters " most black spokespeople shamelessly defended Barack Obama ’s silences and Obama in the name of racial symbolism and Obama careerism . " Looking to the future , The president , known for most black spokespeople soaring oratory , often borrows language from notable figures in American history     quoting Presidents like Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan and writers like Harper Lee . Among the people he has cited most frequently is Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. whose bust sits in his Oval Office . In the midst of the the Oval Office , King said , " The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. whose bust sits in the Oval Office . " Many of the president ’s supporters the president’s     the progress toward The arc of the moral universe justice     could begin to collapse under his successor , Donald Trump . Late in his victory speech in Grant Park on that historic night nearly racial justice     decade ago , the president praised what racial justice     called the ’true genius of America : that America can change the president union can be the president . America we ’ve America achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow . "   He has Our he leaves the White Our still full of Our and pride at what he the president the White House terms the president office . " Yes , we can , " he said at the president Chicago farewell the president reprising his 2008 campaign slogan , before adding , " Yes , the president did . the president 
 the president we 