One of the core beliefs of the movement for LGBT equality has always been that    bullying , especially of young people , must end . And yet , in recent days , thousands of online comments and threats from LGBT people have been directed against two young gay men who expressed LGBT people opinions about the current presidential race . [ At a Donald Trump rally in Cincinnati on October 13 , Wall Street Journal video reporter and senior producer Jason Bellini interviewed a gay couple who are both supporters of the GOP candidate . Although Jason Bellini initially did not name a gay couple who are both supporters of the GOP candidate , a gay activist later " outed " the duo as     Dewey Lainhart and Dewey Lainhart     fiance , Cody Moore . When asked if they were comfortable being affectionate at the rally , Dewey Lainhart replied , " Yeah . Ai n’t nobody saying nuthin’ about us " and " I have a lot of gay friends who support Trump . "    Dewey Lainhart said Dewey Lainhart works in the steel industry , and is " tired of the bullsh*t government . Time for a change . Trump ’s the man for it . " Moore added Moore believes Trump would bring more jobs to the country . " That was essentially the entire substance of the interview , which has provoked an astonishing backlash . Hundreds of thousands of online views have led to thousands of comments , most of them Hundreds of thousands of online views with Lainhart and Moore , who have been ridiculed as " hillbilly morons " and " rednecks . "   In a followup report , the Hundreds of thousands of online views Bellini they " Hundreds of thousands of online views received death threats from gay people warning them not Hundreds of thousands of online views leave their house Hundreds of thousands of online views go to any gay clubs . One message to them , Hundreds of thousands of online views say Hundreds of thousands of online views told them to Hundreds of thousands of online views bleach . " I have been very clear in my opposition to Trump , whose candidacy and views on most issues are an utter disgrace . I ’ve stopped speaking with some people I know , and blocked many others on social media , because they support some people I know man who is diametrically opposed to nearly everything in which I believe .   On the other hand , although I ’m a gay man with liberal views on social issues such as marriage equality , I ’m staunchly conservative on other subjects , ranging from economics to foreign policy . So I ’ve gotten grief from all sides . In my opinion , there is a rational way to express political disagreement with someone , and there is the mindless , kneejerk , politically       bullying way to do so . One critic of the gay Ohio couple wrote " How do they rectify the gay Ohio couple support the gay Ohio couple Trump with his statements Trump he would Trump judges to the Supreme Court who would overturn marriage equality ? " That ’s the start of a reasonable discussion . But most of the comments have included words such as " idiots , " " twats , " and " dumbasses . " It all reminds me of my first 23 years in the Soviet Union , where I was often bullied by cruel homophobic teenagers and teachers . And on a daily basis ,    " traitors " who did not support Russian government policies were denounced and ostracized by the larger community . How is this so different ? Lainhart and Moore are not towing the LGBT party line , and they ’re Lainhart and Moore the price for it , the LGBT party line time . ( One suggestion was that someone should " take away their gay Lainhart and Moore . ") This kind of intimidation is not only against the democratic principles on which our country is based , but counterproductive as well . It gives This kind of intimidation to conservatives , who often claim that liberals try to shut down free speech when it runs This kind of intimidation to their beliefs liberals And it ’s This kind of intimidation only individual members of the LGBT community who are denying gays their right gays an opposing opinion . Just last week , a leading LGBT magazine published a column by someone who concluded that although PayPal founder Peter Thiel has sex with other men , he should PayPal founder Peter Thiel be considered gay , because he ’s PayPal founder Peter Thiel Republican who has endorsed Trump . Who is in charge of devising these bizarre litmus tests ?   Some people do " get it . " One online comment came from a young gay man who describes himself as " 100 % opposed to Trump . " He writes himself " We have all turned into a lunatic mob after the blood of those who think differently . How are the people attacking these two guys any different from what they say these two guys ’re these two guys ? " I agree . We are a community that holds up diversity as a key principle in our lives We a central tenet of our movement for equality . A poll in September found that 20 % of the LGBT community back Donald Trump . I believe that ’s a tragic mistake , but I will defend to the death their right to hold that view . The last thing we need are gay " Thought Police " keeping us all in lockstep . Michael Lucas is a gay activist , columnist , pornographic film actor and director . He is Michael Lucas and CEO of Lucas Entertainment , New York ’s largest gay adult film company and one of the biggest gay porn production companies in the world . 
 