  ( CNN ) An     woman was killed and at least 22 people injured Thursday when a speeding car plowed into pedestrians in Manhattan ’s bustling Times Square , city officials said . Police identified An    woman as Alyssa Elsman , a resident of Portage , Michigan .   The driver of the 2009 Honda Accord     Richard Rojas , 26 , of the Bronx     tested positive for PCP and told police that God made him PCP it , a law enforcement source told CNN . The suspect , who suffered from " psychological issues , " told police he The suspect, who suffered from "psychological issues," officers to shoot him The suspect, who suffered from "psychological issues," according to the a law enforcement source Rojas Richard Rojas been arrested twice in New York     in 2015 and 2008     for drunken driving , New York Police Commissioner James O’Neill said . There is no indication the incident , which unfolded just before noon , was an act of terrorism , New York New York de Blasio and other officials said . It is being investigated as an accident , a police official said . Charges against the driver are pending .   One of the hospitals treating the injured said four patients were in critical condition Thursday night . Two were in serious condition .   NYC Health + Hospitals Bellevue said it received 13 NYC Health + Hospitals Bellevue , 10 adults and three teenagers . The serious injuries included pelvic fractures , internal bleeding and head injuries .   Car was ’out of control’ Before striking pedestrians , the car was Car of control , " an emergency management official said . Four people were critically injured but are expected to survive , officials said .    The speeding car jumped Car the west side of 7th Avenue at 42nd Street and barreled into pedestrians for three blocks before crashing at the northwest corner of 45th Street , police said .   Witnesses described a harrowing scene that started with screeching tires and ended with screams , panic and a fiery crash at one of the world ’s most visited sites .     " A woman in front on the sidewalk was hit and tossed before then car reached 44th st , continued plowing people down at full speed up to 45th street , where it was stopped after crashing into more people and the light post , " posted Instagram user Ed G Val , who from across the street " saw the car speeding north on the car reached 44th st of southbound 7th Ave . " Harlem resident Tyezhane , 20 , who would only give her first name , said she was walking to work at a her store when she saw the car on the sidewalk her She car reached 44th st   " the west sidewalk of southbound 7th Ave a lot her people the street enjoying the good day , and then I heard screaming and the car running over bodies , " she said . " car reached 44th st n’t know what was going on . At her , I thought someone was intentionally doing it . I was scared for my life . " Social media images show injured people on the street , a car upended at an angle and crowds gathered in the street of the tourist hub . ’More of a surreal thing’ Elizabeth Long , of Dayton , Ohio , told CNN she was walking to the Hard Rock Cafe when she saw a maroon car heading her her on the sidewalk . She heard screaming her Fearing the car would hit her her she ran to a her building ’s revolving door a maroon car heading toward her on the sidewalk I was her even her the way in when the car sped by , " perhaps 10 feet behind her , said Long , a a maroon car heading toward her on the sidewalk was in town to see a musical her When Long went outside and looked in the direction the car had gone , she saw at least six people lying on the ground , including a maroon car heading toward her on the sidewalk lying her with blood pouring from her head .   " I ’m shaken , " said Long , who was her injured . " Two of the people I saw that were really hurt . People were beside them , . .. we were trying to tell ( police ) they were hurt . " " People felt so bad People .. standing there , " not being People to do anything more to help , she said . Annette Proehl , of Pennsylvania , was in Times Square with children her a field trip when she heard the screeching tires of the vehicle and people screaming . She watched the her slam into a steel divider and catch fire , she said her   Proehl was hit by a piece of gravel but otherwise was her injured , she said . " It was more of a surreal thing , " she said her " We initially thought they were filming something . " Patsy Sciutto her who works in Times Square , said she was meeting someone for lunch when an announcement came over a loudspeaker that the her was on lockdown because of an incident outside . Principal says victim was thoughtful , bright , Elsman was in New York with her sisters , mother and a friend , CNN affiliate WOOD reported . She graduated from Portage Central Elsman School . " Alyssa was a really thoughtful , really bright , Elsman pleasant young lady .   Every interaction I Elsman with her was positive , " school principal Eric Alburtus told the Grand Rapids station . Among world ’s Elsman popular spots , Officers there told her there was an " unknown speeding car , " Sciutto said . Within moments of the incident Elsman New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and de Blasio rushed to the scene . President Donald Trump , whose home at Trump Tower is one mile from the crash scene , was made aware of the incident almost immediately and given updates , White House the scene Spicer tweeted . The sidewalks the incident Square are secured with more than 200 steel bollards intended to prevent accidental or criminal vehicle intrusions , said Rob Reiter , chief security consultant for CalPipe Security Bollards . The bollards are designed to stop vehicles going about 30 miles an hour , he said .    Times Square averaged CalPipe Security Bollards , 000 daily visitors in April , according to a tally by Rob Reiter, chief security consultant for CalPipe Security Bollards Times Square Alliance Times Square it one of the most visited locations in the world . 
 the Times Square Alliance 