  ( CNN ) Do you have a    condition ? How will the GOP healthcare bill affect you and your family ? Share your story :    us on +     the GOP healthcare bill has many people very worried     particularly those with    conditions . The Affordable Care Act that rolled out under President Barack Obama mandated that insurers charge everyone the same amount , regardless of their health history , and that they cover insurers health benefits , such as insurers drugs , hospitalization and doctors’ visits .   The Trump administration ’s American Health Care Act     which squeaked through in the House on Thursday but must still be voted on by the Senate     will allow insurance companies to raise prices for those with    conditions and to not guarantee that treatments are covered .   Here ’s how some people think they may be impacted if the new health some people bill becomes law : ’The new health bill scares me’ About 10 years ago , Alma    62 , was diagnosed with asymmetric septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy . The condition occurs when the heart muscle cells expand , causing the walls of the lower heart chambers to become thick and stiff .   " I had no history of heart problems but nearly died several times that day , "    who lives in Mahwah , New Jersey , told CNN . She received a defibrillator implant by the end of the week .   Over the years , her heart continued to weaken and walking up She stairs would leave her winded . Nearly three years ago , She performed another surgery to implant a combination   . It helps her stay alive . But she ’s worried She what will happen when She ’s time to replace her device . It She had insurance through She employer before she She on Medicare last She . She She she would have to spend more She $ She , 000 for the medical device , hospital stays and doctor visits if she did n’t have insurance .   " She new health bill scares me , " she said .   ’I would end up She to stop going to college’ Eliana Espinosa was diagnosed with leukemia at 3 years old . The     from Miami underwent chemotherapy and has been in remission for 12 years . She ’s currently a mathematics major at St. She University in Miami Gardens , and visits an oncologist once Miami year for a checkup . Now she ’s concerned for her     mother , She was diagnosed with She 2 breast cancer and gets treatment through the Affordable Care Act . " Right now we do n’t make too much money , so if she loses her insurance , I would end She having She stop going to college so that I can get a job to help pay for her medical expenses , " Espinosa said . She My mom is really important for me because she was there for me through my entire My mom , " she me . ’Should the circumstances of my My mom determine all my future life decisions?’ When Casey Green was born , she was purple and was n’t breathing . My mom say her brain did n’t get enough oxygen right My mom birth , and she was diagnosed with cerebral palsy .   My mom spent 11 days in the neonatal intensive My mom unit . But Green learned to walk , talk and write Casey Green the help of a therapy program , the now     said .   She is finishing a PhD and works at My mom Louisiana School for Math , Science and the Arts , a public boarding school for gifted students in Natchitoches , Louisiana . " I have good health insurance and am married to a wonderful man . Now , I am worried about our future , " said Green . She takes four medications a day Casey Green manage My mom symptoms . " Without them I find My mom difficult to get through the day , " she said . " I take these medications My mom not because of anything I four medications a day but because of a medical emergency as a result of my birth . Should the circumstances of my birth determine all my future life decisions ? my birth ’The drug we ’re staking his life on is an    prescription’ Tim Hayes of Dayton , Ohio , is afraid that care for his     son , Armand , will be cut under Armand has a rare disease called GM1 Gangliosidosis , an inherited disorder that destroys nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord .   " There ’s no cure , but he ’s on an    drug for Gaucher ’s Disease to try and manage Armand until a cure might be found with some success , " Hayes said no cure Armand suffers from seizures , his father said . The boy is nourished via Armand feeding tube and relies Hayes nursing to Armand disease . Hayes fears that the new bill will threaten the care his son Gaucher’s Disease live . " Hayes will see the final bill , I suppose . Hayes bill has cuts to Medicaid , and more than the new bill lose insurance over the cost of the new bill and the fact that the drug we ’re staking his his son on is an    prescription , " his son said . Do you have a    condition ? How his son the GOP healthcare bill affect you and your family ? Share your story :    us on +   
 the new bill 