  ( CNN ) More    appear to be taking an active interest in their right to bear arms since the election of President Donald Trump , gun club leaders and firearm sellers say . A national    gun club has doubled A national   gun club membership since Election Day , and gun sellers say gun sellers ’ve noticed more black customers buying firearms . At Stoddard ’s Range and Guns in Atlanta , one thunderous clap after another reverberates through the room , mixing with laughter and the smell of gunpowder . A group of men are bonding over a hobby A group of men love . Moments later , A group of men weapons empty and a stream of hot shell casings on the floor around A group of men , each man holds up each man target showing clusters of bullet holes .   A group of men are members of the National African American Gun Association , a group that has added 9 , 000 members since Election Day , said Smith . The group launched on Feb. 28 , Smith and added 4 , 285 members over the same time period the year before , between Nov. 2015 and Feb. 2016 .   " I ’d be lying to you if I said Donald Trump has n’t affected our numbers , " Smith said . " They have jumped off the roof . " Smith NAAGA now has more than 18 , 000 members in 24 chapters across the country . ’You know what , let me get a gun just in case’ In 2008 , overall gun sales surged after President Obama ’s election . Weapons dealers attributed the increased sales to fears that Obama and a    Congress would move to President Obama’s gun ownership . In contrast , overall sales of guns and ammo dipped immediately following Trump ’s election . NAAGA leaders say that President Obama’s election in their membership is driven by different concerns . One of NAAGA leaders group ’s newest chapters formed in response to the election result , launching just weeks after Nov. 9 , and now counting 66 members . Dickson Amoah , the chapter ’s president , said several members were alarmed by attacks on    at Trump ’s campaign rallies and hateful rhetoric from Trump supporters on social media . That motivated them to Trump’s the new chapter , he said . several members cited the recent rise in the Dickson Amoah, the chapter’s president of hate groups in the United States as one factor in NAAGA ’s growth . " I think the main thing that has really changed is that two years ago , fringe groups were just that : fringe groups , " he said . " But now those fringe groups are Smith of like , ’It ’s fringe groups racist,’ and they ’ve taken that and we     our community sees that , fringe groups it scares us . You know we , let me get a our community just we case something happens , just to make sure . " A more diverse clientele , Several gun store owners also said they have noticed a shift in their clientele .   Junior Joseph A more diverse clientele the owner of a gun A more diverse clientele near a black community in Orlando , Florida , said for years most of his customers were white men . But since the election , he said he has been making more sales to black and Latino his . his Jones , a gun dealer in Ohio , said he had also seen more black customers coming in , particularly older his . Not every gun store has seen this kind of trend . At one shop in Virginia , a clerk said they ’ve seen more women shopping for guns , but had n’t noticed an increase in    buyers . Justin Clyde , the manager of Stoddard ’s in Atlanta , said Clyde to change . " Your normal response was probably gon na be , you know ,     plus white guy , " Clyde said . " It ’s not the case at all . Here in Atlanta we have a large demographic of different people , and it ’s a wonderful thing . Our Atlanta , we see huge groups of people that , you It , do n’t fit that we , do we fit the normal , I guess , stereotype , and it ’s a lot of fun . It makes it more fun , more dynamic , and it that mold pretty cool . " A fraught that mold , that mold of    gun ownership have typically been that mold than those among whites . In 2013 , 21 % of black households said they had a gun , compared to 46 % of    white households , according to the Pew 21% of black households Center . In 2014 , 19 % of black households reported owning a gun , compared to 41 % of    white households . While Smith ’s group of NAAGA members was hanging out at Stoddard ’s , about a dozen other    not affiliated with the group passed in and out , both men and women . A group of older patrons started talking about how buying and owning a gun was n’t always an option for   .   When Martin Luther King Jr. ’s home was firebombed in 1956 , he applied for a concealed carry permit in the state of Alabama . Local police at that time Martin Luther King Jr. the right to determine who could and could n’t get a license . King ’s application was denied , despite the fact that his life was frequently threatened . Being a Martin Luther King Jr. owner while black can also be a dangerous proposition Martin Luther King Jr. , black gun owners say , pointing to the death of Philando Castile , a licensed gun owner who was shot by a Minnesota Police officer during a traffic stop last July . Castile ’s girlfriend said he clearly told the officer he was legally carrying a gun before he was shot . The officer involved Castile’s girlfriend charged with a Minnesota Police officer discharge Castile’s girlfriend a firearm . Concerns about safety Castile’s girlfriend But that does a Minnesota Police officer ’s growing membership . They say the Second Amendment should be for all Americans and it ’s a freedom they plan to exercise and encourage .   NAAGA says nationwide , black Concerns about safety, But that doesn’t deter NAAGA’s growing membership make up the largest share of the group ’s new the Second Amendment . For new Concerns about safety, But that doesn’t deter NAAGA’s growing membership owners like Antoniette Singh , a retired NAAGA woman who has bought two firearms in the last five months , it ’s about safety and security . She says that as a victim of assault she believes her guns give her a fighting chance against anyone who tries the Second Amendment attack her . The group has helped her learn how to handle her weapons She . She meetings across She country focus on teaching new gun owners each state She gun laws , and helping She gun owners feel comfortable She their weapons .    Michael Cargill , the owner of a gun shop in central Texas , said a group of 100 black women had recently called asking gun owners to set    a class on gun safety and the proper way to shoot .   He attributed the recent wave of interest in owning a firearm a group of 100 black women a few factors . " Because of the climate in the White House . .. people a group of 100 black women the    community and other communities are concerned about their safety , " he said . " I ’m seeing people who want to learn how to shoot and then have us help shop for the right people in the   community and other communities . " " a group of 100 black women ’s something that I have n’t seen in years past , " he said . 
 a group of 100 black women 