’   ’ "   becoming one of    President Donald Trump ’s chief critics . " ’ Cuban has , at the same time , teased journalists with rising    frequency about a potential 2020 bid for the    presidency . ’ ’ Business Insider recently discussed Cuban’ ’s newfound    political profile   —    ’ ’ Business Insider possible future presidential plans   —    in    an email exchange with Cuban , the owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas    Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank . " ’ ’ This interview was edited for clarity . ’ ’Allan Smith : What does your family think about    your expanding political presence ? ’ " Cuban : We discussed how much of a threat I    believed Trump to be . We We why it was important to me Cuban       involved . That if I could have an impact and did n’t try , it an impact    have left me guessing forever . Even having tried and       , we all feel like we we all on the right path and set a       to have a platform and voice for the future . " ’Smith : You gave a pretty good teasy quote to    CNBC at [ South by Southwest ] about a future run . Late last year ,    you were saying it was a definite " no " when asked [ about a future    presidential bid . ] What changed ?   ’ ’Cuban : The obvious . What I do depends on how       play out for the country . ’ " Smith : How has becoming more vocal on politics    affected your businesses ? And what do you have to say to critics    who think it ’s been a negative for the Mavs ? " ’Cuban : Nothing one way or the other . For every    hate email there was a positive one as well . Remember , Clinton    won Dallas County . ’ ’   ’ ’Smith : IF you ever decided to run , what would    you do with your businesses ? ’ " Cuban : I have so many private business    investments that it would be impossible to sell them . I would put       them a blind trust but make it clear I would still be       on a limited basis for those companies . It would n’t be       to those those companies I just bailed on them . those companies would also be    very transparent   —    truly transparent about what I was doing . And    yes    I would make my [ tax ] returns available . " " Smith : Some people have compared your entry into    politics to Trump ’s , who spent years building up a political    brand by giving his opinions on all kinds of issues on places    like CNN , Fox , MSNBC , and so on . Do you see any    similarities ? " ’Cuban : No . He has his about running for    office    30 years . I started talking about politics this year ,    after avoiding them the    almost 20 years , because I thought    it    important to do so . ’ " Smith : Any thoughts on the American Health    Care Act ? [ Editor ’s note : Business Insider asked prior    to    bill ’s failure , and the question was originally framed    around    Speaker Paul Ryan . ] " ’Cuban : All involved are ignoring the basic    question . And I think Sen. [ Bernie ] Sanders brought this up , is    healthcare a right or an opportunity in the United States ? I    believe    , given we all face the exact same genetic and wrong    place    wrong time risks , coverage of most chronic and      illnesses or injuries should be a right . ’ ’Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban is . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 