  ( CNN ) Last week , Republican state legislators in Kansas finally acknowledged what Republican state legislators in Kansas have known since 2012 : Gov. Sam Brownback ’s " Kansas Experiment " burdened our businesses , wrecked our state ’s finances , and mortgaged our children ’s future , all in the name of giving tax breaks to the wealthy .   When pushing their controversial plan , Gov. Sam Brownback and Gov. Sam Brownback allies claimed Gov. Sam Brownback agenda would create 22 , 000 jobs in our state’s . Unfortunately for    Kansans , Gov. Sam Brownback ’s    economics did n’t make those 22, 000 jobs in the state .   Kansas’ job growth actually declined since Gov. Sam Brownback ’s tax giveaway to the most    Kansans   Kansans ’ve fallen 47 , 000 jobs short of the promise made by the governor ’s revenue secretary an especially notable trend given that our neighbors in We , Nebraska , Missouri , and Oklahoma have all experienced increasing job growth rates during the same period . And that is just the tip of the iceberg . Kansans’ disposable income declined in the years under Brownback , falling nearly $ 20 billion short of his promise . Brownback our neighbors to the North , South , East , and West did not suffer the same drop . They also kept our neighbors to the North, South, East, and West state ’s our neighbors to the North, South, East, and West rating intact , which was not the case in Kansas . Ultimately , Brownback delivered on Brownback of his promises . Brownback only accomplishment was stacking the deck even further in favor of the wealthy . For example , Bill Self , the head coach of KU ’s basketball team , dominated the tax code with the same ease that his Jayhawks dominate KU State . Self set himself up as Self    business , using Brownback ’s tax policy to pay $ 0 in state income taxes on that part of his pay , Self was the bulk of his compensation . Self While I love KU basketball and our head coach , the fact that he paid no KU tax on $ 2 . 75 million in compensation shows he is as KU with his taxes as KU is on KU sidelines , but that is n’t fair to Kansas families scraping to get by . Putting more money into the pockets of those who need it the least more money n’t create jobs . It just weakens more money fundamentals that keep our economy and communities strong .   Kansas contains a Kansas for Congress . Politicians in Washington , D. C. are set to embark on a similar fiscal path Brownback charted . President Donald Trump ’s insistence on huge federal tax giveaways to wealthy Americans will not create jobs . Fewer investments will hurt our economic growth rate . There will be a decline in tax revenue . His plan to President Donald Trump the setup of    for business owners will only lead to evasion and dwindling federal dollars . Infrastructure will crumble and critical services will be cut .   It is impossible to hide the effect of slashing revenue , and Americans will feel the impact of these cuts . His plan will His plan to enable the setup of   for business owners breaks to the largest corporations and mirrors the agenda that put Kansas in dire fiscal straits . And from a political perspective , it is historic that His plan to enable the setup of   for business owners Republican controlled legislature is rebuking their Republican governor over a Republican controlled legislature cuts . Why ? Because the rhetoric on tax cuts does not match reality .   It takes a lot of bad economic news for Republicans to raise taxes on the folks who write the biggest checks to their campaigns , but Republicans Jim Denning , a conservative Kansas    Republican , went so far as to admit that repealing those tax giveaways was the only fix to the mess he and his colleagues created . he Congressional Republicans , Kansas is your warning Kansas you do not want to do this . The legislation passed last week provides an additional $ 293 million in school funding , dollars that will help make up for the neglect that forced four of the state ’s poorest districts to sue their own state government the state’s poorest districts Leaders in Washington should take note : constituents notice when programs they rely on every constituents are targeted . Call it tax reform , call it tax cuts , it it is no longer it rhetoric and a spreadsheet of line items when roads start crumbling and school doors start closing . 
 