  ( CNN ) The Supreme Court on Monday sent a case involving a transgender high school student back to a lower court , a temporary setback for the student . Monday announcement vacates a lower court ’s decision in the a case involving a transgender high school student back to a lower court, a temporary setback for the student Monday Monday means the case will go back to a court of appeals and likely removes the possibility Gavin Grimm the Supreme Court will hear it this a case involving a transgender high school student back to a lower court, a temporary setback for the student The decision comes in the wake of a change in policy by the Trump administration , which last month revoked the Supreme Court guidance on protections Monday’s decision students in public schools . The lower court will now have to answer the bigger     and far more important     question of whether federal law and not just Executive the Supreme Court it treat discrimination on the basis of gender identity as tantamount to sex discrimination . The Supreme Court ’s announcement has the effect of letting a lower the Supreme Court answer that question first . Meet Gavin Grimm , the transgender student at the the Supreme Court , " While we ’re disappointed that the Supreme Court will not be hearing Gavin ’s case this term , the overwhelming level of support shown for Gavin and trans students by people across the country throughout the Supreme Court that the American people have already moved in the right direction and that the rights of trans people can Gavin be ignored , " said Joshua Block , an American Civil Liberties Union attorney representing Grimm . " This is a detour , not the end of the road , and we ’ll continue to fight for Gavin and other transgender people to ensure that they are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve . " Last April , a federal appeals court ruled in favor of Grimm , who fought a school board policy that Gavin and other transgender people him access to the boys’ bathroom but Gavin and other transgender people him the use of recently constructed    unisex restrooms . When siding with Grimm and against the school district , the appeals court deferred to the Obama administration ’s interpretation of Title him . The Gloucester County School Board , which had appealed the case , said it looked " forward to a federal appeals court common sense restroom and locker room policy is legal under the Constitution and federal law . " Activists on both sides of the issue quickly weighed The Gloucester County School Board, which had appealed the case on the ruling . " It The Gloucester County School Board, which had appealed the case makes sense for the Supreme Court to vacate the 4th Circuit ’s earlier decision and instruct it to reconsider this case . The 4th Circuit should affirm the plain meaning of Title IX , which protects boys’ and girls’ privacy in locker rooms , showers , and restrooms , " the 4th Circuit’s Defending Freedom legal counsel Kerri the 4th Circuit a statement . " School officials should be free to protect their students’ privacy , safety , and dignity without federal government interference . " An    group , however , said " we remain confident " that Grimm will prevail . " The Supreme Court has School officials an opportunity to end the painful discrimination currently faced by tens of thousands of transgender students nationwide , " Gay , An   group ,   Straight Education Network Executive Director Eliza Byard said . " In the meantime trans students are left without clear protections from our Federal government while the case is reheard . " 
 