Over the past few years BuzzFeed Politics has lost much of BuzzFeed Politics political influence . A series of cheap , partisan , and outright sleazy scandals coupled with an overall exhaustion with the shallow gotchas that have been the    site ’s currency since the   site’s currency inception , have taken a toll . In a desperate bid to be seen again as relevant , BuzzFeed attempted to fabricate a story about militiaman Cliven Bundy and tie a story about militiaman Cliven Bundy around Donald Trump ’s neck . The result was yet another massive blow to     Ben Smith ’s almost    credibility .   A Pennsylvania prison inmate named David Rothrock , who seems to enjoy filing bizarre , handwritten lawsuits involving famous people , did so in Nevada in 2014 . Although there is no proof that anyone other than Rothrock filed the lawsuit , because the lawsuit suits BuzzFeed ’s political agenda and names Bundy and Trump , BuzzFeed published a fraudulent story that claimed Bundy had filed the lawsuit to ( among other things ) protect Trump from threats made by President Obama . Check out the original headline ,    and opening paragraph .   —     —    There is just one problem : none of that is even close to the truth , and it is hard to imagine Ben Smith did n’t know that . All it would take , after all , is a quick Google search to discover that Rothrock is a crackpot . The fact that the lawsuit also claims that the Benghazi attack was " implemented so George Bush could somehow feel vindicated for   " would have been a red flag to anyone with an instinct tuned to the search for truth . Nonetheless , Smith not only published these lies , using his Smith feed , he Smith to blame Donald Trump for inspiring the the lawsuit Keep in mind , Trump was Donald Trump even running for president when the suit was filed .   —     —    Smith also Smith Bundy filed the suit the suit —     —    After Twitter caught on to BuzzFeed ’s fraud , Smith claimed Smith the piece had been corrected , when it had not the piece Laughably , the piece now the piece Rothrock and Bundy had jointly Bundy the lawsuit .   —     —    After another Twitter storm , Buzzfeed finally corrected BuzzFeed story accurately , which turned it into the BuzzFeed Nothingburger it always was BuzzFeed Like Fareed Zakaria ’s victory dance over the death of white people , the hour " Meet the Press " spent comparing Republicans to Nazis , CNN and Politico lying about Ben Carson ’s biography , and The Washington Post using its    column to The Washington Post serial lies . what we have here is one more example of the    " objective media " engaging in desperate , shrill , demagogic overreach to protect Hillary Clinton by taking down her primary threats . Hillary Clinton are so far beyond the    media bias . Buzzfeed ’s Ben Smith and the rest are already engaging in naked fraud to achieve their political goals . Ben Smith and the rest Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 