( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . There have been doping problems , housing problems , sewage problems , torch failures , one arrest of an athlete and a scary virus to contend with , but despite it all , the 2016 Rio Olympics have prevailed . The opening ceremony began at 7 Eastern tonight ( Our live coverage is here . ) . Our ’ve got 24 percent of Our sports desk at the Games   —    they ’re carrying 64 bottles of bug repellent   —    and all eyes will be on the athlete selected to light the caldron . And when Simone Biles , the American gymnast believed to be the best in history , competes , all eyes will be on her check out a detailed interactive on what makes her so good . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The American economy is also looking good . The latest jobs report had a lot of positive news : 255 , 000 jobs were added last month , wages went up , and more people are looking for , and finding , work . This makes it more likely that the Federal Reserve will raise rates , though probably not as early as September . There ’s no question that The American economy helps Hillary Clinton in her quest Hillary Clinton the presidency , our columnist writes . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Donald J. Trump was in Iowa and Wisconsin on Friday , while Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton rarely gives news conferences , spoke at a convention of minority journalists in Washington , taking more questions from reporters than she has in months . This was a tough week for Mr. Trump , Donald J. Trump with prominent Republicans , but it ’s nearly impossible This the party to fire him and nominate someone Donald J. Trump before the election . On Friday evening , Mr. Trump belatedly endorsed Donald J. Trump campaign of Speaker Paul D. Ryan , seeking to heal his rift with the party Donald J. Trump _ _ the party _ 4 . The United States is on pace to meet and even surpass President Obama ’s goal of resettling 10 , 000 Syrian refugees in the country by the end of The United States Mr. Obama announced the goal in October President Obama’s so far , 8 , 000 refugees have been allowed into the country despite a fierce political debate The United States become a theme of the presidential campaign and despite the refusal of many states to accept them . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . 8, 000 refugees n’t call me " honey . " It ’s a sentiment reflected by many female lawyers , who say it ’s not rare for them to be addressed It pet names or subjected 8, 000 refugees grating remarks by male colleagues in the courtroom . Above , Lori Rifkin , a lawyer , said she was " well accustomed " to such comments . A group representing 5 , 200 women in law is pushing for the American Bar Association to amend their rules of professional conduct to prohibit harassment and 200 women in law . The amendment , which has been criticized as inhibiting the ability to speak freely , will come up for a vote on Monday . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The party that helped liberate black South Africans from    rule has had its worst election since the end of apartheid . The party that helped liberate black South Africans from   rule African National Congress , which was the party of Nelson Mandela , has become mired in corruption . Above , members of the party discussed election results . Two of the The party that helped liberate black South Africans from   rule contested races , in Johannesburg and Pretoria , were too close to call on Friday . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Police in Chicago released video from the night that a black teenager was fatally shot by an officer after crashing a stolen car , but it did not show the moment of the shooting . The officer who shot Paul O’Neal , 18 , on July 28 was wearing a body camera , but officials have said it was not recording at the time . A lawyer a body camera Mr. O’Neal ’s family called the teenager ’s death an execution and accused the police a black teenager   . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The United States is 10 months into the rollout of    credit cards , and it seems as if frustration is only growing . Though things are likely to improve   —    more businesses will have chip readers and be able to use them , and the transaction time may get shorter   — more businesses it will remain up to each merchant whether to upgrade , and that awful noise is n’t going anywhere . Maybe it ’s time to try a mobile wallet option . _ it _ _ _ 9 . The day we ’ve been waiting for has finally arrived    …      or so we thought . Frank Ocean ’s new album , " Boys we n’t Cry , " was set to be released on Friday , but it has yet to materialize . The album was expected to Frank Ocean released exclusively through Apple music new album gives the artist more control   —    and that makes    musical tinkering possible . The singer is , after all , a notorious and    perfectionist . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Eight people    leapt or fallen to their deaths this year from the George Washington Bridge , which connects Eight people and New Jersey . But last Thursday , a     bicyclist on his way home from work prevented a     man from become the ninth . Julio De Leon , above , can not recall his exact words but said he told the young man something along Julio De Leon lines of : " Julio De Leon n’t a    man We love you , my heart " before curling an arm around him and , with the help of a bystander who had been taking a a    man of the situation , pulled the man back to safety . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. a    man . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 