A new poll from CBS News shows Texas Sen. Ted Cruz up 6 in Wisconsin just days before the crucial     primary . At stake on the April 5th primary is 42 delegates and a serious challenge to Trump ’s quest to accumulate 1 , 237 delegates before the RNC convention . [ The poll of 675 likely Republican primary voters finds Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with 43 percent of the vote , followed by Trump with 37 percent . Ohio Governor John Kasich is a distant third with 18 percent of the the vote Its the Ohio Governor John Kasich public poll of Wisconsin this week to find Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with the lead in the Badger State . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz leads the RealClearPolitics average of polls in the state the Badger State . 8 points .   Trump had led polling in the state in the Badger State The CBS Its the 5th public poll of Wisconsin this week to find Cruz with the lead in the Badger State almost half of Republican voters in Wisconsin , 49 percent Wisconsin report more negative views of Trump in recent weeks . A Trump of Republican voters say their opinion of Cruz has improved Republican voters the past weeks . Almost half of Wisconsin Republicans , 48 Wisconsin , say they would be disattasifed or upset Almost half of Wisconsin Republicans, 48 percent Trump were the GOP nominee . Trump likely received a bump in Cruz polling this week when he Cruz endorsed by Wisconsin Gov. Cruz Walker Wisconsin The former presidential candidate and popular governor has filmed a TV ad in support of Cruz and has campaigned with him Cruz the state . The Cruz of the Wisconsin primary receives 18 Wisconsin delegates . Another 24 delegates are awarded to the winner of the state ’s Congressional Districts . the state each of the state ’s 8 districts receives 3 delegates the state is no proportional allocation in Wisconsin . Donald Trump Wisconsin however , holds a clear edge in New York , his home state . The Empire State is next Donald Trump the primary calendar the state delegates on April 19th . Trump has the support of 52 percent of New York Republicans Donald Trump Ted Cruz is a distant second with New York , followed by John Kasich with 20 percent . New York Republicans , however , are divided on how the party New York Republicans dominance of Republican primaries . A plurality , 42 New York Republicans Republicans should stop him from being nominated at the convention , while 37 percent say the party should rally behind Ted Cruz . New York votes two weeks after Wisconsin . It ’s New York Republicans a Cruz New York the Ted Cruz State could give him a boost in New York . Trump , however , remains firmly in control of that primary . Ted Cruz 