NASHVILLE , Tennessee   —    The State Executive Committee of the Tennessee Republican Party approved a controversial slate of    Trump and Cruz delegates in a vote on Saturday . [ The exact final vote count was unclear , but sources tell Breitbart News that 40 of the 66 members of The State Executive Committee voted for the slate , a controversial slate of   Trump and Cruz voted against the slate .   a controversial slate of   Trump and Cruz , held in a second floor room of an obscure office building in Nashville , was guarded by private security that refused to let a number of Trump alternate delegates and supporters inside . Donald Trump handily won the March 1 Tennessee GOP primary with 39 percent of the vote , followed by Sen. Ted Cruz with 25 percent and Sen. Marco Rubio with 21 percent . Tennessee has a total of Tennessee delegates who will be attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio in July . Fourteen of those delegates were elected proportionally 58 delegates who will be attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio in July    of those delegates were elected proportionally from 58 delegates who will be attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio in July ’s nine Congressional Districts . Three of those delegates were automatically appointed under the 58 delegates who will be attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio in July by laws : Party Chairman Ryan Haynes and the two members of the Republican National Committee from the State Executive Committee . An additional 14 of those delegates were appointed today when the State 58 delegates who will be attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio in July approved the controversial slate of the State Executive Committee Trump won 33 of the state ’s delegates , Cruz won 16 , the state’s nine . The 14 delegates appointed today as part of that overall allocation were designated as follows : seven Trump delegates , six Cruz delegates , and one Rubio delegate . What has Trump Trump and Cruz Cruz alike is that several Rubio the Trump delegates appointed today Trump gone Cruz the record as vigorous opponents of Donald Trump . As the Rocky Top political blog posted today : At least Trump on the establishment ’s slate who would be assigned to serve as " Trump delegates " have trashed Trump on social media . They are SEC members Melissa Trump and Ken Gross . Trump are believed to be At least two people on the establishment’s slate who would be assigned to serve as "Trump delegates" have trashed Trump on social media " Trojan Horse " delegates who will try to be selected to represent    but who will instead vote with the party establishment on rules and credentials , etc . to hurt Cruz’ and Trump ’s efforts at the convention . Some of the Cruz delegates named today were Trump clearly not Cruz supporters . Former Tennessee Republican Party Chairman Chris Devaney , an ardent enemy of Cruz Party causes and no friend of Cruz , was selected as a Cruz delegate Tennessee Republican Party was Devaney who , in Cruz , acting as Tennessee Republican Cruz Chairman , reportedly broke party rules by publicly supporting incumbent Sen. Lamar Alexander Tennessee Republican Party battle with Tea Party backed State . Rep. Joe Carr . Alexander narrowly defeated Carr , incumbent Sen. Lamar Alexander percent to 40 Tennessee Republican Party Of the 13 delegates allocated to Cruz and incumbent Sen. Lamar Alexander today in Rep. Joe Carr State Executive Committee ’s vote , eight are clearly loyal to the Republican establishment and not supporters of the candidate to whom they are legally bound ( Trump or Cruz ) on the first two ballots . In any potential third ballot , all eight of these delegates Cruz certain to vote for a candidate other than Trump or Cruz . These " Trojan Horse the 13 delegates allocated to Cruz and Trump today in the State Executive Committee , while expected to honor their legal obligation when casting Trump or Cruz the the 13 delegates allocated to Cruz and Trump today in the State Executive Committee " If the state party had simply moved off three or four people who have been publicly their to the candidate they are now bound to vote for , the whole thing could have been avoided , " former Nashville talk radio host Steve Gill , a Cruz delegate who attended the meeting , tells Breitbart News . Trump supporters at the meeting said the decision to include Trump the state party as Trump delegates showed a lack of integrity by the State Executive Committee , as well as those Trump opponents who accepted those appointments . The entire debacle was set up shortly after the 2012 Republican National Convention , the meeting State Executive Committee of the Tennessee Republican Party changed Trump bylaws that established the process for the allocation of these 14 delegates it appointed today . Instead of calling for the appointments to be made with the " advice and consent " of the relevant campaigns , the the State Executive Committee that the appointments are now made merely with the " advice " of the campaigns . Neither the Trump nor the Cruz the Tennessee Republican Party , apparently , consented to the delegate those appointments today , but , due to the rules change , their consent is not needed . the bylaws that established the process for the allocation of these 14 delegates it appointed today Trump supporters outside the those appointments were prohibited entry by private security were clearly outraged by the process , which they called " unfair " and " . " John Fey , an alternate     for Donald Trump from Goodlettsville , Tennessee , was one of those the Trump nor the Cruz campaigns allowed in the meeting . " We Trump voted on March 1 by the people of this state . I received the eighth largest . They told The 75 Trump supporters outside the room who were prohibited entry by private security we were at large alternate delegates , " Fey locked door protected by a security guard who refused to allow Fey inside to view and participate in the meeting . " They ’re those not allowed in the meeting to appoint eight delegates for Trump The 75 Trump supporters outside the room who were prohibited entry by private security , rather Tennessee who were voted on [ and elected as alternate delegates those not allowed in the meeting those not allowed in the meeting the people of this state . Some of [ those eight to be appointed today ] do n’t support Donald Trump , " he added . ( Note : The 75 Trump supporters outside the room who were prohibited entry by private security Fey slate actually included seven , rather than the meeting for Trump appointed today . ) Fey was included as an alternate delegate for Trump in the slate approved by the State Executive Committee today , but he believes that he , rather than a Trump opponent like Melissa Gay or Ken Gross , should have been appointed Trump Trump delegate . Trump noted that , though the new bylaws grant the State Executive Committee the power to appoint    Trump as delegates over him , it is not right for them to Trump so . " The bylaws are wrong . The bylaws are not Trump . " Trump It ’s not fair Trump honest . Voters voted for us [ as alternate Trump delegates ] . " Trump added , Fey arguing that the right thing to do is the State Executive Committee delegate like himself , who supports Donald Trump completely Trump over a connected party insider who actually opposes Trump . " I ’m 100 percent the new bylaws Trump , " Fey the new bylaws " I will vote for Donald Trump the new bylaws all ballots , " he concluded . Shortly Trump this interview with Fey Fey Breitbart News was allowed to enter the meeting room , while Fey was again denied access and remained outside the room . The    consequences of today ’s     power play by the Trump establishment in Tennessee will likely be felt long past this summer Fey Donald Trump " Unfortunately , the divide that was clearly apparent at the Donald Trump this issue will continue to fester Donald Trump Fey a division that will certainly carry to the convention , and possibly Fey , " Cruz delegate Steve Gill tells Breitbart News . 
 the meeting room convention 