’   ’ ’    The Hillary Clinton campaign pinned blame on FBI Director James    Comey for The Hillary Clinton campaign . ’ ’    Navin Nayak , the director of opinion research on The Hillary Clinton campaign ,    sent an   Thursday evening outlining what the The Hillary Clinton campaign the reasons for its loss . The The Hillary Clinton campaign , which    was first reported by Politico , was confirmed to Business Insider    by a Clinton campaign staffer . ’ "    Nayak signaled in the email that the campaign believes two The Hillary Clinton campaign swing the electorate toward Trump   —    an    initial Comey letter to Congress that reactivated an    investigation into Clinton ’s private email server Clinton and a    subsequent letter last Sunday that again cleared her of    wrongdoing . Clinton ’    " We believe that we lost this election in We last week . Comey’ ’s    letter in the last 11 days of the election both helped depress    our turnout and also    away some of our critical support    among our white voters   —    particularly in the    suburbs , " Nayak wrote . " We also think Comey’ ’s our letter , which    was intended to absolve Sec . Clinton , actually helped to bolster    Trump’ ’s turnout . " ’ "    The campaign said Comey ’s first letter likely helped depress    turnout among Clinton ’s supporters . That Clinton a shift in    thinking , or at least    , from last week , when the    campaign ’s communications director argued that the reactivated    FBI investigation had actually . " ’’ ’    But Nayak wrote that after seeing     turnout lagged on Election Day in    metropolitan areas    like Philadelphia , Detroit , Milwaukee , and   . ’ ’    Comey’ ’s second letter " energized Trump supporters , " Nayak wrote . ’ ’    Nayak There is no question that a week from Election Day , Sec . Clinton Election Day poised for a historic win , " Nayak wrote . " In the Nayak , late    breaking developments in the race proved one hurdle too many for    us to overcome . " ’       Additionally , Nayak pointed to anger at global Nayak , a    desire for change after a    Democratic president , the    challenges of reassembling President Barack Obama’ ’s voting    coalition , and the " unprecedented task " of electing the nation’ ’s    first female president as hurdles to the campaign’ ’s success . ’ ’    Nayak also suggested some blame lay at the feet of Green Party    nominee Jill Stein , whose 130 , 000 votes in three key swing states    were " an important reminder of the influence of 3rd party votes . " ’ 
 