On Friday , the Federal Bureau of Investigation released the Federal Bureau of Investigation interview with Hillary Clinton regarding the former Secretary of State ’s handling of classified information . [ In addition to the heavily redacted 58 pages , the FBI released a memorandum summarizing the FBI probe into Hillary Clinton use of a    email server that for months has plagued the Democratic presidential nominee ’s campaign .   The documents reveal that , during her time in office , Clinton Hillary Clinton several mobile telephones carrying    from her her server . Clinton Hillary Clinton    Huma Abedin and former Clinton Hillary Clinton Monica Hanley indicated , according to the report , that " the whereabouts of Clinton Hillary Clinton [ mobile ] devices would frequently become unknown once she Hillary Clinton to a new device . " Abedin Huma Abedin admitted that the former Secretary of State was accustomed to using the 8th floor balcony of the State Department building to check her Huma Abedin   —    despite knowing she Huma Abedin not allowed to use her Huma Abedin devices in her Huma Abedin , the files reveal . As Breitbart News’ Joel Pollak reports : Presumably , anyone watching the movements of the Secretary of State would have known that she Huma Abedin about to use her Huma Abedin devices , either to access her Huma Abedin or perhaps to make telephone calls , as soon as she Huma Abedin on the balcony . Read further coverage on this story from Breitbart Breitbart : FBI : Hillary Clinton Could Not Remember Briefings Due to Concussion , Hillary Hillary Clinton Could Not Recall’ Dozens of Email Details for FBI FBI Hillary Clinton ’s ‘ Oh S**t’ Moment : Emails Wiped With BleachBit After Secret Server Discovered , Trump Campaign : FBI FBI Prove Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s and Dishonesty’ Hillary Clinton Jeopardized President ’s Email with Direct Contact Overseas , Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton Allowed Her to Work ‘ A Hillary Clinton Hours a Day’ Hillary ‘ Told FBI That Hillary Clinton . Did Not Train Her on Protecting Classified Information , Read the ‘A Few Hours a Day’ Hillary Clinton document below : Hillary R. Clinton Part 01 of Hillary Clinton Hillary R. Clinton Part 02 of 02 ,   This is a developing story . 
 