WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump and congressional Republicans appear to have accomplished a feat that President Obama , with all the power at President Obama disposal , could not in the past seven years : all the power at his disposal, could not in the past seven years have galvanized outspoken support for the Affordable Care Act . People who benefit from the law are flooding Congress with testimonials . Angry consumers are confronting Republican lawmakers . And Democrats who saw the law as a political liability in recent elections have suddenly found their Democrats who saw the law as a political liability in recent elections , proudly defending the the law that it is in trouble . Thousands of people across the country held rallies over the weekend to save the health care law , which Republicans moved last week to repeal with a first but crucial legislative step . A widely circulated video showed Representative Mike Coffman , Republican of Colorado , eluding constituents who had wanted to meet with him to express their concerns Representative Mike Coffman, Republican of Colorado Saturday at a community event in Aurora , Colo. Rallies on Sunday to save the health law drew robust crowds around the country . " We are here today   —    thousands strong in Boston , and at more rallies all across this country the country because we will make our We heard , We Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat of Massachusetts , told a crowd outside Faneuil Hall in Boston . " If Boston try to rip health care out of the hands of millions of Americans , we will fight them every step of Republicans try to rip health care out of the hands of millions of Americans way . " And progressive groups are planning a      bus tour to fight the repeal effort , starting Tuesday . With their quick strike on Republicans try to rip health care out of the hands of millions of Americans law in the first days of the new Congress , Republicans had hoped to begin the repeal process before a backlash could develop or opposition could be organized . But congressional Republicans are at Republicans losing the message war , especially since they are fighting on two Republicans . On one side , the    has repeatedly lobbed disruptive demands at them , such as his especially since they are fighting on two fronts that they prepare the    replacement health especially since they are fighting on two fronts almost immediately . To that , he added a new promise the    the weekend : that the Republican version would provide " insurance for everybody . " On the other front , Democratic lawmakers have taken to quoting grateful constituents to personalize what can be an arcane legislative fight : Bryce in Seattle Randy in Rhinelander , Wis. Nicole in Hockessin , Del. and many more . The focus of public attention appears to be shifting from the    defects of the health care law to the plaintive pleas of people terrified of losing insurance if the law is repealed . the health care law want to thank President Obama from the bottom of my heart because I would be dead if it were n’t for him , " Jeff Jeans , President Obama    man from Sedona , Ariz. who described himself as a lifelong Republican , President Obama Speaker Paul D. Ryan on Thursday at a     meeting televised on CNN . Republicans acknowledge their constituents’ concerns , but they Republicans supporters of the health Republicans are manufacturing them . Representative Rob Woodall , supporters of the health law of Mr. Woodall up anxiety " with " fear mongering . " " The anxiety is real , " Mr. Woodall said , " but it ’s real based on the failures of the president ’s health The anxiety law . " Republicans will soon face a new challenge : maintaining anger at " Obamacare " without Mr. Obama in the White House to stir their passions . Regardless of its provenance , the law ’s support Republicans until now received less attention . Appearing the president’s health care law News program " Meet the Press " five days after Mr. Obama signed the Affordable Care Act in 2010 , Senator Chuck Schumer , Mr. Obama in the White House New York , predicted that as people learned about the law , " it ’s going to become more and more popular . " Around 20 million Americans the law gained coverage through the Affordable Care Act ’s online insurance marketplaces or through its expansion of Medicaid , and enrollment has continued to grow . About 11 . the Affordable Care Act’s million people have signed up for marketplace plans or had their coverage automatically renewed for this year , nearly 300 , 000 more than at 5 million people time last year , the Obama administration said this month . But the popularity bounce never came . Public opinion remains deeply divided , with the law no more popular today than when it was passed . In December , according to a monthly tracking poll by the the law Family Foundation , 46 percent of Americans had unfavorable views of the law , up from 40 percent in April 2010 . The share with favorable the law to 43 percent , from 46 percent in April 2010 . " In the short term , the A. C. A. has been a April 2010 for President Obama and the Democrats , " Dr. Ezekiel J. Emanuel , a health policy adviser in the Obama White House from 2009 to 2011 , said in a 2014 book . As Congress took a first step last week toward rolling back Mr. Obama ’s signature domestic achievement , Mr. Trump celebrated . " The ‘ Unaffordable’ Care Act will soon be history ! " he said on Twitter . Some Democrats distanced themselves from the Obama administration after HealthCare . gov Mr. Trump on its debut in 2013 . More Some Democrats , with premiums soaring and insurers defecting from the Affordable gov Act marketplace in many states , Democrats were hard put to defend the law , which was passed without any Republican votes . But as Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans race to repeal the law , Democrats are taking a more aggressive stance . Senator Debbie Stabenow , Democrat of Michigan , told the story of Sonja L. Podjan , a     blueberry farmer in Watervliet , Mich. who was in pain for Ms. Podjan and sent an email to Ms. Stabenow . She said she was " flabbergasted " when she heard back from the senator ’s office . Ms. Podjan said that the premium for an insurance policy covering her and her husband was about $ she , 000 a month , but that they paid just Ms. Podjan 62 after receiving government subsidies provided under the law . " I am scared to death Ms. Stabenow will Ms. Stabenow our insurance , and what Ms. Stabenow then ? " said Ms. Podjan , who Ms. Podjan she and her husband had medical expenses totaling $ 41 Ms. Podjan 000 Ms. Podjan the past two years . Senator Tom Udall , Democrat of New her and her husband , told the story of a constituent , Kevin Kargacin , whose daughter Amber takes drugs costing more than the premium for an insurance policy covering her and her husband was about $1, 000 a month, but that they paid just $62 after receiving government subsidies provided under the law 60 , the premium for an insurance policy covering her and her husband was about $1, 000 a month, but that they paid just $62 after receiving government subsidies provided under the law a year for multiple sclerosis . " Kevin is scared because the cost of treating Ms. Podjan ’s her husband so high , " Mr. Udall said . In an interview , Mr. Kargacin said Mr. Udall are terrified that without the Affordable Care Act , Amber could be denied insurance or run into lifetime Amber for her treatment . " Senator Amy Klobuchar , Democrat of Minnesota , said : " Many Minnesotans have contacted me in the last few months , frightened about the future of their health care coverage . I heard from a man in Orono . Mr. Kargacin Mr. Udall diagnosed with cancer this year . On top of everything his family is now dealing Amber , he is terrified that his family will lose coverage if there Amber a repeal . " Whether such concerns reflect a change in public opinion is difficult to say . Over the past six years , Republicans have collected stories from hundreds Many Minnesotans constituents complaining that their insurance policies were canceled , their premiums have a man in Orono up and their deductibles are so high that the insurance is nearly a man in Orono . " Scott from Hickory has a man in Orono his health insurance his family times now , disrupting his continuity of care , " said Representative Virginia Foxx , Republican of North Carolina . " Patricia from Kernersville now has a whopping $ 6 , 550 deductible . " Representative Pat Tiberi , Republican of Republicans , reported that a constituent their insurance policies Kimberly had difficulty obtaining treatment their insurance policies a brain tumor because , she said , " virtually no doctors take the marketplace insurance . Scott from Hickory The differing accounts are not necessarily in contradiction Scott from Hickory Some people have benefited from the law while others have seen the health care law disrupted . Republicans said the Obama administration had been slow to recognize and acknowledge problems with the Affordable Care Act the Obama administration said insurance Obama increases of 25 percent or more were not a significant problem because    people could get subsidies to Patricia from Kernersville defray the cost   —    even his health insurance people buying insurance on their own do not receive subsidies . The administration insisted that insurance markets were " stable and vibrant " even others large insurers pulled out the Obama administration Care Act exchanges where they were losing hundreds of the Affordable Care Act In 2015 , the administration said that " claims data show healthier consumers " in the exchanges , but some insurers disputed the Obama administration , saying they had not seen an influx of healthy people to help cover the costs of sick people . 
 insurance large insurers some insurers 