’   ’ ’      Donald Trump reacted on Friday to news that the    US had   by foreshadowing a change in direction when Donald Trump    takes office . ’ ’    " As to the U. N. things will be different after Jan. 20th , " Donald Trump tweeted , referring to the date he Donald Trump set to be inaugurated as the    45th president . ’ ’    The UN Security Council on Friday passed a resolution condemning    Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian territory as having    " no legal validity . " Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin    Netanyahu had   but the US    abstained , allowing the a resolution condemning   Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian territory as having    pass . ’ ’    Top Republicans quickly condemned the Obama administration for    the move . ’ ’    " This is absolutely shameful , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a    statement . " Today’ ’s vote is a blow to peace that sets a dangerous    precedent for further diplomatic efforts to isolate and demonize    Israel . " ’ ’’ ’    Ryan promised House Speaker Paul Ryan the incoming " unified Republican government "    will work to " reverse the damage done by this administration , and    rebuild our alliance with Israel . Israel ’ ’    Arizona Sen. John McCain , the 2008 Republican Party presidential    nominee , also characterized the move as " shameful . " ’ ’    " The abstention of the United States has made us complicit in    this outrageous attack , and marks a troubling departure from our    us ’s long , bipartisan history of defending our ally us in    the United Nations , " he said . ’ ’    South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham went even further , contending    the Obama administration had " empowered evil " and acted as a    " very poor friend to democracy . " ’ ’    Before the vote passed , Graham warned South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham if the UN moved    forward with the resolution , he would South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham to form a coalition to    " suspend or significantly reduce " US assistance to the    organization . ’ ’   ’ 
 