Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton came so close to winning the White House that Hillary Clinton had planned to deliver Hillary Clinton victory speech beneath a symbolic glass ceiling . her victory speech was intended to be a night that would celebrate a historic first     serving as a high point in a toxic election cycle . But in the end , a symbolic glass ceiling was n’t broken .   The surge in female voters that Hillary Clinton campaign hoped for did n’t materialize . Clinton Hillary Clinton even came to the microphone beneath that ceiling that a symbolic glass ceiling hoped would symbolize a historic milestone , instead calling Donald Trump to concede . According to early exit polls , Clinton Hillary Clinton Barack Obama among women . Turnout among women was 1 point higher than in 2012 , but Clinton Hillary Clinton got the support of 54 % of women     compared to Obama ’s 55 % Barack Obama Trump actually won 62 Donald Trump of white    educated women to Clinton Hillary Clinton 34 % . Clinton Hillary Clinton white college educated women 51 % to Trump ’s 45 % Donald Trump to those same polls . Clinton Hillary Clinton among independent women but only by a    margin . It was a stunning conclusion to a race where the first female nominee of a major party was matched with a candidate who has made the most sexist , misogynistic comments of any nominee to run for president in recent memory . Women typically make up 52 to 53 % of the electorate in presidential years , but Clinton Hillary Clinton allies and advisers realized early on that the    nature of her Hillary Clinton was not generating much excitement among voters     certainly not in the same way that electing the first    president had galvanized Democratic voters around Barack Obama in 2008 . ’Incredibly polarizing figure’ " Hillary Clinton is an incredibly polarizing figure , in a way that Barack Obama was not Barack Obama said Jennifer Lawless , director of the Women   Politics Institute at American University . " He was an amazing orator Barack Obama he was inspirational , the Barack Obama that he spoke about helping to Barack Obama a    politics     a lot of those promises and a lot of that language was something that had not been seen in politics . " " She ( was ) running as the first woman candidate for a major party nomination , and that ’s incredibly significant , " Lawless said . " But she also represents the establishment She and those are competing forces . " There were successes for female politicians on the ballot Tuesday . Tammy Duckworth picked up a Senate seat for Democrats from Illinois . Kamala Harris won a Senate seat from California and Senate Cortez Masto kept the Nevada Senate seat in Democratic hands . How Donald Trump won , But complicating matters for Clinton this time , older women who were excited about casting their first ballot for a older women who were excited about casting their first ballot for a female president president had already done so when she ran against Obama in Clinton . On the flip side , millennial women often rejected the notion that gender should be a factor in their vote , particularly if millennial women loyalties lay with Clinton millennial women primary rival , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders . Over her three decades in public Clinton , Clinton has struggled to strike Clinton right balance in addressing her gender and the role Clinton has played in her career . She became Clinton polarizing figure Clinton women early on with her infamous remark about staying Clinton and baking cookies . She made women ’s rights Clinton central focus for her both as first lady Clinton as secretary of state . She has touched on those Clinton , as well as her own      moments during Clinton moments throughout the 2016 race , most notably at the Democratic convention . But she tried not to overplay Clinton hand , perhaps in Clinton because she was faced an opponent Clinton openly accused her of playing " the Clinton card . " " Frankly , if Hillary were a man , Clinton do n’t think she ’d get 5 percent Clinton the vote , " Trump memorably said during an April victory speech at Trump Tower after a series of primaries in northeastern states . " The only thing she ’s got going is Clinton woman ’s card , " Trump said . " And Trump beautiful thing is that women do n’t like her . " Rallying cry Trump The Clinton campaign tried to turn that remark into a rallying cry against Trump with a tweet that Trump a     line at her rallies . " If Clinton for women is playing the # WomanCard , well . .. Deal me in . " Still , Clinton chose not to make Clinton gender the centerpiece of Clinton campaign . How Clinton Clinton , Michelle Obama Clinton Clinton ’s Clinton on gender Clinton on her behalf during a recent rally in Clinton : " She has more experience and exposure to Clinton presidency than any candidate in our lifetime . Yes , more than Barack . More than Bill . So she is absolutely ready to be     Clinton day one . And yes , she happens to be a woman . Clinton The final weeks of the campaign were dominated by discussion of Trump ’s boasts in a 2005 " Access Hollywood " tape obtained by The Washington Post about his ability to grope women because " Trump’s you ’re a star , they let you do it . " women he denied ever having carried out one Trump’s those acts , 11 women came forward to accuse Trump of sexual misconduct . It was Trump , a Clinton surrogate , who most effectively used Trump ’s comments about sexual assault as a Trump to get women to the polls during a powerful speech in New Hampshire last month .   " It ’s not something we can just sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election cycle , " the First Lady said in that address . " If we have a president who routinely degrades women , who brags about sexually assaulting women , then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world ? " she we . Clinton took the first lady ’s the First Lady a step the First Lady during the First Lady with Michelle Obama in   : " Dignity the First Lady respect for women and girls is also on the ballot in this election , " Clinton said . " And I want to thank our First the First Lady for her eloquent , powerful defense of that the First Lady " Celinda Lake the First Lady who has long specialized in polling and targeting messaging to women , noted that the Obamas have taken on a remarkably central role in the closing weeks of this campaign , particularly with their response to Trump ’s comments about women . Trump victory shocks world the Obamas " Both of them bring a certain moral authority to this as the father and mother the Obamas two young daughters , " Lake said , citing Michelle Obama ’s speeches , as well as the President ’s interview with Samantha Bee and the speech he gave on the trail confronting sexism last Tuesday ( Nov. 1 ) the President’s " It ’s easier when you ’re not the candidate , but they are the ones who have in some ways been the moral authority Michelle Obama’s speeches, as well as the President’s interview with Samantha Bee and the speech he gave on the trail gender here . " Trump ’s weakness , Long before the " Access Hollywood " tape emerged , Trump ’s weakness with female voters     particularly white suburban women     appeared Trump’s his Achilles heel . But Clinton ’s aides feared that she lost a Trump number of persuadable female voters because their enthusiasm was dampened Clinton the FBI ’s    announcement that they were taking persuadable female voters new look at the emails of one of her aides persuadable female voters Still , Clinton pushed hard to rally women against Trump in Clinton last days of the Clinton’s . One of her closing ads amounted to a montage of what her advisers viewed as a Clinton’s of Trump ’s most offensive comments about women Clinton’s " Anyone who believes , says Trump does what he does is unfit for president , " the ad said in its closing tagline .   Lake , the Democratic pollster , said research leading the ad to Election Day showed that sexism was actually only the third most cited reason that women said they were voting against Trump . The foremost concerns of women who could not women Trump , Lake said , was the fact that he would have been in Trump of the nation ’s nuclear arsenal and overall concerns about his temperament . But those women did not decide the election on Tuesday night he And in the women the glass this election firm . 
 