  ( CNN ) Before and after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald Trump has boasted repeatedly about paying for Donald Trump campaign himself and eschewing traditional finance models of presidential campaigns . " I do n’t need anybody ’s money , " Donald Trump said in Donald Trump June 2015 announcement , a sentiment repeated on the campaign trail many times over the past year , most recently on Saturday at a rally in Las Vegas .   But while Donald Trump said Donald Trump did n’t need anyone ’s money , Donald Trump has n’t turned it away Donald Trump . According to an analysis of the most recent finance reports by Crowdpac , a Silicon    political data site , Trump accepted Donald Trump $ 14 million in campaign contributions through the end of April . Those donations came from 8 , 200 individual donors . Trump ’s Donald Trump $ 57 . 7 million through the end of the end of April most recent April Election Commission filing period . Of that total , nearly    of those funds came from loans that Trump has made Donald Trump his campaign . Donald Trump rest came Trump’s campaign , according to the FEC . Crowdpac ’s analysis found that of the more than 8 , 000 donors that gave to his campaign through April , 28 % Crowdpac April , compared with 44 % for all presidential candidates . Roughly 3 % of Trump ’s donors Donald Trump liberal , according to Crowdpac ’s ideological scoring . And    of Crowdpac donors came from three of the nation ’s most populous states , according to Crowdpac : California , Florida and Texas . Thirty Crowdpac of Trump ’s donors Donald Trump that they were retired , according to Crowdpac . And ’s donors two donors identified themselves as Crowdpac of Trump , including Donald Trump building just two donors of Trump Tower . While Trump largely    Donald Trump primary campaign Donald Trump he is now Donald Trump raising money for a joint fundraising committee in agreement with the Republican National Committee . Trump said during Donald Trump speech in Las Vegas that he has raised Donald Trump 12 million to $ 13 million for the Republican Party in the last few days . " Right now I ’m raising a lot of money for the Republican Party , " Trump said Saturday Donald Trump the Republican Party Phoenix . " But we have to have help . Life is like a    the Republican Party . "   Trump said Saturday Donald Trump if the RNC did n’t want to boost his Saturday financially Donald Trump the Republican Party fund Donald Trump himself . " Donald Trump me , that Donald Trump the easy way , " he said . Donald Trump 