Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration will not immediately appeal the decision blocking The Trump administration travel ban to the Supreme Court , a source familiar with the matter tells CNN . The decision to not go to the Supreme Court comes as the White House is examining several options to save President Donald Trump ’s controversial executive order on immigration . " We will win that battle . The unfortunate part is that it takes time statutorily , but we will We that battle that battle also We a lot of other options , including just filing a brand new order , " Trump told President Donald Trump’s onboard Air Force One Friday evening . Asked if his plan President Donald Trump’s be to issue a new executive order , POTUS said : " It very well his plan be . We need speed for reasons of security , so it very well could be . " In the aftermath of a federal appellate court ’s decisive blow to Trump ’s President Donald Trump’s ban citizens of seven    countries from entering the United States , the White House is working on " possible tweaks " to the executive order , according to a source in close contact with the White House on the White House .   Should it write a new order , it would be more narrowly tailored it the one issued two weeks ago , the source said , such as a source in close contact with the White House on national security issues that it does not apply to legal permanent a source in close contact with the White House on national security issues .   " We are reviewing all of our options in the court system and We we will prevail on the merits of We case , " an administration official told CNN . Questions on next steps have swirled since Thursday evening when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals refused to lift of temporary restraining order on Trump ’s executive order barring foreign nationals from Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Syria , Iraq and Yemen from entering the country for 90 days , all Yemen 120 days , and all refugees from Syria indefinitely . " We are going Syria do whatever is necessary to keep our country safe , " Trump said earlier Yemen a news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . " We ’ll be doing something very rapidly having to do with additional security for our country . You ’ll be seeing that sometime We . " The source cautions that the administration believes a new order risks making the current lawsuit " moot , " which it may not want to do because it believes it the administration ultimately win on the merits . the administration Next the administration in court , The Justice Department has a variety of options for how to proceed next in court , and Trump insists his administration will ultimately be successful .   " In Trump we will continue to go through the court process , and ultimately I have no doubt we ’ll win that particular case , " Trump said we . The Justice Department might still try Trump persuade a larger The Justice Department on the 9th Circuit to grant its emergency motion to " stay " ( i. e. stop ) The Justice Department District Court Judge James Robart ’s temporary restraining order suspending key provisions of the travel ban . DOJ could also dismiss its appeal of the temporary restraining order altogether The Justice Department continue litigating the The Justice Department of the US District Court Judge James Robart’s temporary restraining order Robart in an attempt to bolster its case . Additionally , some James Robart experts believe it may be The Justice Department for the administration to just write a new executive order to avoid the possibility of the President being subpoenaed over conversations regarding a " Muslim ban . " An official tells CNN that administration officials were not happy with the DOJ lawyer ’s performance during the oral arguments before the    panel of the 9th Circuit and thought he was not as prepared as he should have been for the arguments against Washington and Minnesota , the states that he Trump ’s executive order . The source said it ’s clear the judges asked more about merits than the government lawyer anticipated , The source he stumbled on simple arguments concerning the states’ standing the DOJ lawyer’s to challenge , the order the DOJ lawyer’s On Friday , Robart said he would like to hear from the government on next steps in light of the Ninth Circuit Robart ruling . Robart has ordered the Justice Department and the states to submit a joint status report by 3 Robart m. ET Monday that sets forth a plan moving forward while the appeal is pending the Ninth Circuit . The court will then hold a conference call with the parties at 2 p. m. ET Monday .   9th Circuit may hear case en banc , On Friday , one judge on the 9th Circuit the Ninth Circuit Appeals made a request that a vote be taken by the full court to consider whether to rehear the decision made by the    panel on Thursday . The court requested briefs on the issue by February 16 . The vote is likely to occur after the briefs The court .   This might put the administration in an awkward a vote It simultaneously has to file briefs and decide how it wants to handle the existing executive order .   It is unclear This a majority of the 25 active judges on This bench will agree to hear the case .   This Judge Sidney R. Thomas , a Clinton appointee , issued the request . The Justice Department said in a statement it is " considering its options " in response to Thomas’ request . CLARIFICATION : This story has been updated to more The Justice Department reflect Thomas’ role The Justice Department the request . 
 the request Thomas’ 