Washington ( CNN ) In a town full of talkers , the silence is deafening .   For more than a month , as the US has tangled with China , floated new terms for Middle East peace , watched North Korea test a ballistic missile and proposed an overhaul of ties with Russia , the State Department has been quiet . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made Secretary of State Rex Tillerson debut on the international stage over two days in Europe last week     and said less than 50 words in response to press questions , according to pool accounts . On Wednesday , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson departs for Mexico     a trip Americans first learned of from the Mexican press . The State Department is responsible for explaining US foreign policy to the country and the world , and is the only agency outside of the White House that traditionally speaks publicly every day through a televised news conference . But since January 19 , there has been no The State Department briefing and , after Tillerson recently took the helm , there has been little in the way of communication about Foggy Bottom ’s priorities , schedules or policies .    Risks for a voiceless State Department , That silence may reflect ongoing upheaval in the Trump White House , administration power struggles , Tillerson Tillerson inclinations or the growing pains of a former ExxonMobil CEO adjusting to running a governmental organization . Regardless of the reason , diplomats , analysts and current and former State Department officials say there are risks if the dead air continues .   A voiceless State Department , they say A voiceless State Department allows other countries to set the narrative about US policy and events , unsettling allies and potentially shortchanging US businesses , citizens and interests overseas .   " If you do n’t have the State A voiceless State Department the world in front of a camera , you lose the opportunity to shape the international interpretation of what US policy is , " said Jeff Rathke , a former director of the State Department ’s press office now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies . " And you sacrifice an opportunity to steer the course of international events in a direction that ’s better for US interests than if you said and did nothing . "   In the three weeks since Tillerson ’s confirmation as the top US diplomat , Americans learned of the secretary ’s Tuesday phone call to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov from Moscow ’s Foreign Ministry and of an earlier phone call to Saudi leaders from the Arab press . The State Department has refused to confirm many of the secretary ’s calls the secretary His public schedule has been much the secretary on details than other recent secretaries . This retreat from public engagement coincides with the White House adopting an    approach to the press . Many observers say the Arab press structural factors at work , too , a central one being that it ’s not yet clear what the administration ’s foreign policy positions are     in part because of presidential tweets and pronouncements that conflict with official statements . That makes it hard to respond to questions about those challenges .   The State Department did n’t respond to requests for comment for this story .   Mixed messages stymie communication , To date , the President and his Cabinet have given mixed messages on issues like the US commitment to NATO , support for Asian allies , the approach to Russia and how to pursue peace between Israelis and Palestinians .   Last week , Vice President Mike Pence had to reassure NATO of US support and Defense Secretary NATO Mattis had to stress to Iraqis that the US would not seize its oil after Trump ’s intimations to the US contrary , noted Jen Psaki , a former State Department spokeswoman .   The President ’s tweets and pronouncements mean " there is an unusual amount of confusion about how much is posturing and how much is a genuine policy , " said P. J. Crowley , another former State Department spokesman . " We do State Department know what the Trump foreign policy is . " One Trump’s State Department staffer , speaking on condition of State Department discuss internal operations , said that the agency feels paralyzed . That person described several layers of empty management positions between their section and the secretary .   " There ’s no guidance and the people I used to talk to are gone or they ’re being told not to say anything , the people I used to talk it ’s impossible to work , " the staffer said .   The National Security Council One career State Department staffer, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal operations guides the President on questions of foreign policy , also is n’t fully staffed and has endured upheaval with the dismissal of former Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn less than a month into his tenure . Trump announced Flynn would be replaced by former Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn . Gen. H. R. former Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn on Monday . Major positions unstaffed , At the State Department , most leadership positions below Tillerson remain unfilled , including the deputy secretary , who operates as the secretary ’s No . 2 most under secretaries the assistant secretaries who run regional bureaus and their deputies .   Last month , the White House asked the department ’s top four management officials to step down the State Department of an effort to " clean house . " Hostility between much of the Republican foreign policy establishment and the Trump administration complicates any attempts to fill those positions quickly . There are also questions about where power over foreign policy decisions will rest and how much Trump ’s White House will try to dictate to State . the White House temporarily the White House into the United States for refugees and seven Trump’s came out of the White House with no warning to State , according to several State Department sources the White House to then execute the order . There has been no public reaction from Tillerson since the imposition of the controversial ban , which has earned vocal criticism from international leaders close to the United States . " It ’s possible Tillerson is keeping his powder dry so he does n’t the United States , " said a former State Department Tillerson . The Tillerson said Cabinet members Tillerson try to sway an undecided president by speaking publicly     State Department Defense Secretary James a former State Department official taken in stating his support for NATO and opposition to torture     or they can keep quiet to see which way the wind blows . a path Defense Secretary James Mattis can also try to get the President ’s ear to torture     confidence by taking a lower profile . But the official warned to torture     " If you ’re not clearly drawing your line on an issue , no one is going to respect it . " There are costs to silence from the State Department , many current and former agency officials said , high your line them the uncertainty it causes overseas .   " Communications is a tool of diplomacy , " said Psaki , who served many current and former agency officials the Obama administration and is now a CNN political commentator . " Foreign leaders , allies and adversaries , often read the State Department briefing , and it can be used as a vehicle for sending a message , lending support or condemning the State Department world . " A statement the State Department briefing during the briefing can also support US diplomats in the field working for a certain outcome .   State Department staff said that just recently the State Department briefing been asked by    to start preparing guidance on policy issues to deliver to journalists at the daily briefings , though there ’s State Department staff sign yet they are set to restart .   A more cautious approach ? The agency ’s silence may also reflect Tillerson ’s more cautious approach to State Department staff media . On his trips to date , he has minimized the press traveling with him . At ExxonMobil , the only place he ’s ever worked , Tillerson reigned over a company his particularly open to the press , his to Steve Coll , author of " his Empire , " a Tillerson book about the oil giant . Tillerson never the press traveling with him an interview over his years of research for the book , according to the author . Speaking to NPR after the Tillerson ’s nomination , Steve Coll said that Tillerson erstwhile oilman " has never confronted the kind of uncontrolled questioning and impertinent questioning that a secretary of state has to face Steve Coll not just all those ornery reporters in the back of your plane " but foreign service officers , foreign press and local activists , too .   " This is not Exxon ’s way , " Coll continued . " You do n’t speak up and . .. question the boss ’s fundamental assumptions in front of an audience . " Tillerson Steve Coll performance at last week ’s G20 in Bonn offered a hint of his approach going forward . It ’s the kind of large gathering where leaders often engage in a form of foreign policy    holding quick     Tillerson on the sidelines , each one marked by an appearance before the cameras and often a comment or two to the press . But Tillerson mostly stayed silent . As TV crews and reporters were ushered out of the room during an appearance with UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson Tillerson the British minister asked , " Are we still being recorded ? " Tillerson replied , " They never give up . "  
 Tillerson 