Washington ( CNN ) After Juanita Broaddrick tweeted in January that former President Bill Clinton raped Juanita Broaddrick , former President Bill Clinton attorney , David Kendall , and Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta , held a call to talk about the case and evidence that could be used to refute the allegations , according to hacked emails released by WikiLeaks . The hacked email , entitled " History of Juanita Broaddrick Allegations , " contained several attachments . The documents were made public on Saturday as part of WikiLeaks’ hack of Podesta ’s email account . The Clinton campaign has refused to confirm or deny the authenticity of the emails released by WikiLeaks WikiLeaks and CNN can not independently confirm their the authenticity of the emails released by WikiLeaks In the tweet , Broaddrick repeats an allegation that " I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton , Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me . I am now 73 . .. it never goes away . "   Bill Clinton Bill Clinton that claim in 1999 . The hacked email sent to Podesta from Kendall included a 1998 affidavit signed by Broaddrick . Broaddrick document states : " During the 1992 presidential campaign , there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made Bill Clinton advances toward me in the late seventies " and goes on to say : " I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family ’s privacy be respected . These allegations are untrue and the allegations hoped that they would no longer haunt me the allegations or cause further disruption to my family . "   This my family’s part of the lawsuit filed by Paula Jones against Bill Clinton for sexual harassment Bill Clinton was subpoenaed in that case Bill Clinton Kendall noted to Podesta in January of this year that Broaddrick also testified in a deposition in January 1998 reaffirming the contents of the affidavit . In April 1998 , however This affidavit told investigators from Independent Counsel Bill Clinton Starr ’s office that the affidavit was false , said Kendall , who This affidavit of Starr ’s report to Podesta . " Starr was seeking Independent Counsel Ken Starr against the president , any way Independent Counsel Ken Starr could , and he immunized Broaddrick to protect her from Independent Counsel Ken Starr prosecution for perjury Independent Counsel Ken Starr she now changed her Independent Counsel Ken Starr . Voila ! She did , Independent Counsel Ken Starr her sworn Independent Counsel Ken Starr and sworn deposition testimony Independent Counsel Ken Starr " wrote Kendall Independent Counsel Ken Starr the email . Also attached to the email was a NBC News story from 1999 recounting a the email made saying " any allegation that the president assaulted Mrs. Kendall more than 20 years ago is false . " Kendall ended the email , saying , " Please let me Kendall if there the email else I can provide about this slimefest . "   Broaddrick was one of three Bill Clinton accusers who appeared alongside Donald Trump Mrs. Broaddrick week ago in St. Louis at an event before the second presidential debate . The group was invited to sit in the debate hall by the Trump Mrs. Broaddrick The Clinton campaign did not comment on Broaddrick until after Sunday Donald Trump debate , the Trump campaign nominee , responding to Mrs. Broaddrick ’s decision to bring the accusers , told reporters it was up to Donald Trump to how he three Bill Clinton accusers who appeared alongside Donald Trump a week ago in St. Louis at an event before the second presidential debate campaign . 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump the Trump campaign 