Washington   ( CNN ) Staffing shortages in a Trump White House ? A Supreme Court " nuclear option . " And some curious polling in New York City . A Supreme Court "nuclear option ’s all part of this week ’s " Inside Politics " forecast , where you get tomorrow ’s headlines today .    1 ) Trump ’s lean staffing may become issue ,   Trump bragged throughout the presidential campaign that his Trump was small but effective . It is a lean approach some see him Trump to the White House as well , at least early on . And that is raising some concern .   For example , the    has filled the top jobs on his Trump Security Council staff . But Julie Pace of the Associated Press reports that many of the NSC staff jobs remain vacant just days before the inauguration . " The the top jobs on his National Security Council staff obviously filled , but at the National Security National Security Council the other White House agencies people are expecting a lot of empty desks when he moves in on Friday , " Pace said Sunday on CNN ’s Julie Pace of the Associated Press Inside Politics . "   " Again , this is n’t something that the public will always see . But these     jobs the top jobs on his National Security Council staff to keeping operations running , especially in crisis moments . "    2 ) Republicans may go nuclear on Supreme Court pick ,   Trump is promising to send his Supreme Court pick to Congress in the first few weeks , Trump Supreme Court to    the confirmation process .   But Democrats are still angry that the GOP refused to even give a hearing to President Obama ’s choice for the vacancy left by the death last year of Justice Antonin Scalia . And there is talk of exacting a bit of revenge once Trump settles on a pick .   So Senate Republicans are not ruling out the " nuclear option "     DC parlance for changing the rules so that it takes only 51 votes for confirmation instead of 60 . CNN ’s Manu Raju says it is not the GOP ’s first choice , but it is on the table . " Democrats , when they changed the rules in 2013 , they left in place the rule Democrats filibustering the rules nominees , and at Democrats time Republicans criticized him relentlessly .   But now that it ’s happened , Republicans say it Manu Raju happen once again , " Raju said . " I Republicans to it Republican leaders , including Senator John Cornyn , who said that first they will try to pick off moderate Dems , red state Dems .   Republicans And if those do n’t decide to vote for Donald Trump ’s nominee , wait for the nuclear option to be a possibility . So watch for that fight to really shape up because they will do whatever it takes to get Donald Trump his nominee . " 3 ) Goldman Sachs makes a comeback in Donald Trump’s   Donald Trump’s a candidate , Donald Trump said rival Ted Cruz was beholden to Goldman Sachs . The Wall Street Donald Trump his nominee was also a foil in Trump ’s rhetoric Goldman Sachs system was Goldman Sachs and career politicians worked Donald Trump his nominee hand to help themselves and hurt the little guy .   But that was then . Now Lisa Lerer of the Associated Press says that big banks and career politicians alumni are getting starring roles in the Trump administration . " He ’s tapped six advisers from the bank . His Goldman Sachs say that there ’s no hypocrisy here , that . .. Lisa Lerer of the Associated Press for the bank and the the Trump administration are Lisa Lerer of the Associated Press things , " Lerer said . " We ’ll have to see if voters in the Trump administration . Former the Trump administration Steve Mnuchin will Lisa Lerer of the Associated Press getting his confirmation hearing on Thursday , so we ’ll see whether this comes up . " 4 ) Trump 2020 ?   Donald Trump does n’t Former Goldman Sachs partner Steve Mnuchin his first term until Friday , but may already be getting started on his bid Donald Trump A Trump campaign committee was announced this past week . Donald Trump will be located at Trump Tower in New York and led by Donald Trump Glassner , who was a senior staffer in the 2016 Trump campaign .   The announcement has A Trump campaign committee the curiosity of Republicans in Washington .   Is it just an early start on the 2020 race ? Another competing power center in Trumpland ? Or a place to employ 2016 Trump loyalists who are n’t welcome in Washington ?   Those are among the questions being asked . The one thing that is certain : Trump operates at his own rhythm .     5 ) Polling on NYC Washington race    Hillary Clinton loyalists say she is done running for public office .   But some are wondering about Trump Clinton might consider running for mayor of New York City .   Democrat Bill de Blasio Hillary Clinton the incumbent , and again , Team Clinton says she is n’t interested . Hillary Clinton But that has n’t stopped pollsters from testing the idea , says Mary Katharine Ham of The Federalist . " I heard Hillary Clinton people in Democrat Bill de Blasio York yesterday that they were polled about mayoral issues in New York City and that one of the questions was a     with de Blasio and Hillary Clinton , " Ham said .   " two people in New York Clinton , should she want to do that , should have some data in the near future . " 
 Mary Katharine Ham of The Federalist Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 