’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton is making a shocking play for a state once    considered untouchable for Democrats : Texas . ’ ’    Or is Hillary Clinton ? ’ "    Clinton ’s campaign is launching a   in Texas , aides to the Democratic    candidate announced this week , dropping $ 100 , 000 on television    spots in Dallas , Houston , San Antonio , and online . " "    It ’s a modest ad buy   —    compare It to the   Clinton is spending in another    traditionally red state , Arizona . And despite the  Clinton ’s recent    gains in Texas , the  Clinton ’s still losing to Republican nominee Donald    Trump by about 6 points , according to a   of recent polls . the  Clinton remains a long    shot to overtake    in the Lone Star State . " ’    So why is the  Clinton even bothering ? ’ ’’ ’    " It’ ’s a classic political prank , " wrote Ramsey on Wednesday . ’ ’    Ramsey explains : ’ ’      " If you only have enough money to buy one billboard ad , spend      it on the billboard that’ ’s closest to your opponent’ ’s you only have enough money to buy one billboard ad      airport . It won’’t move that many voters , but it will rattle you only have enough money to buy one billboard ad      opponent , who ’ll be seeing you only have enough money to buy one billboard ad name and face with every      departure and arrival . "    ’ ’      " Buying a bit of TV time in a state your opponent is supposed      to have in the bag is essentially the same gag . "    ’ ’    With 38 electoral votes at stake , Texas is the      prize in the US , and by far the largest traditionally Republican    state . Republican presidential candidates typically win the state    by double digits . No Democrat has won far the largest traditionally Republican   state Carter in    1976 . ’ ’    If Clinton wanted to make a serious bid to convert the majority    of Texans to her side , Ramsey wrote , she would likely need to    spend Clinton 1 million a week in Clinton state . ’ ’    But as Trump’ ’s poll numbers   far the largest traditionally Republican   state    himself vulnerable in a number of    states ,    including Arizona , Utah he and Georgia . As unlikely    a Clinton    victory in Texas may be , her ad buy opens the door to countless    " what ifs . " Clinton    ’    " They’’re not trying to swing the state ’s electorate , " Ramsey    wrote . " The campaign just wants Texans   —    and Trump   —    to think    about the possibilities . " ’ ’    " Real advertising would have cost millions , " he wrote , but    Clinton is steering the conversation her way for a fraction of    the price . ’ 
 Clinton 