Washington ( CNN ) Vice    Mike Pence on Wednesday declined to say whether Mike Pence believes Russia should be punished for carrying out a hacking operation aimed at influencing the 2016 presidential election . In an interview with CNN ’s Dana Bash , Mike Pence said simply that Mike Pence was " aware " of a bipartisan bill moving through Congress designed to impose additional sanctions against Russia . Mike Pence also refused to answer whether Russia ’s influence campaign in 2016 should be met with " American strength , " as Mike Pence suggested Russian provocations should be met during the vice presidential debate last year . Instead , Pence stressed that    Donald Trump has " made it very clear that he Donald Trump determined to try and improve "    relations , and that Trump   Donald Trump to " reach out with a hand of friendship to all nations of the world . " " That ’s not to ignore the information and evidence . .. that we have . That ’s not to ignore the evidence that we we of Russian involvement in hacking last fall . But it ’s just his determination to come in , recognizing that we have a terrible relationship with Russia right now and to explore the possibility of improving that relationship , " Pence said . Asked whether the incoming administration needed to punish Russia Russia hacking to ward off similar moves from other countries , Pence Pence . Instead he knocked President Barack Obama ’s administration for its that relationship reset with Russia Russia for not abiding by the red line Obama set with regards to the Syrian conflict .   Pence Pence those moves " eroded the respect for our Russia and stressed that other countries will " see America ’s Russia the Oval Office " with Trump in office . Trump will make Trump in office that " America ’s interests Russia , " Pence said . Trump Pence yet to Trump in office whether he plans to keep Trump in office place the sanctions the Obama administration imposed to punish Russia over its hacking of Democratic Russia to influence the presidential election . For weeks , Trump cast doubt on Trump in office intelligence community ’s conclusions that Russia orchestrated the hacking Russia and a broader influence campaign aimed at hurting his rival Hillary Clinton Trump in office bolstering his own chances in Trump in office election . He the presidential election Russia Trump in office responsibility in Russia at a news conference last week . Pence for his part said in Trump in office 2016 vice presidential debate that " provocations by Russia need to be met Russia American strength " in relation to the Syrian conflict . Trump subsequently said at the next presidential debate that he disagreed with that view . Trump 