’   ’ ’    As pollsters , pundits , and partisans fret over what the potential    electoral map will look like on Election Day , there is a scenario    in play that would throw the country into temporary chaos : a tie . ’ ’    Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald    Trump have several paths to a possible     tie in the    Electoral College , a scenario that would cause the election to be    thrown to the House of Representatives and decided by the      Congress . ’ ’    Here are some of the maps that could play out , sending the election into its potentially the election firestorm : ’ ’   ’ ’    The above map is one of the more likely ways Election Day ends in    a tie . It requires The above map winning New Hampshire , North Carolina ,    Florida , and Nevada , and states that appear to be a bit more in    his       as Ohio , Arizona , and Iowa . ’ "    Here ’s   that    each candidate would need to win , per the RealClearPolitics    averages : " ’Florida : Clinton + 0 . 2 ’ ’Colorado : Clinton + 2 . 9 ’ ’New Mexico : Clinton + 3 . 5 ’ ’Ohio : Trump + 3 . 5 ’ ’Michigan : Clinton + Clinton . 7 ’ ’Pennsylvania : Clinton + Clinton . 4 ’ ’New Hampshire : Clinton + 0 . 6 ’ " Maine ’s Second Congressional District : Trump    + 0 . 5 " ’Maine : Clinton + Clinton . 5 ’ ’North Carolina : Trump + 1 . 4 ’ ’Virginia : Clinton + 5 ’ ’Nevada : Trump + 1 . 5 ’ ’Iowa : Trump + 3 ’ ’Arizona : Trump + 4 ’ ’Georgia : Trump + 4 . 6 ’ ’   ’ ’    This map has a few changes from the above map , and would seem    more unlikely . This would require Clinton winning Clinton and Trump    pulling off wins in Colorado , New Mexico , and Maine in addition    to the states he won above . ’ ’   ’ ’    This tie would be possible if Trump held Trump    Ohio while Ohio    Clinton in New Mexico and New Mexico captured Nevada Maine    New Hampshire . But the biggest flip would be in Michigan , where    Clinton and Trump have blitzed Trump    recent days . ’ ’   ’ ’    An even trickier map would involve Clinton holding on to   Clinton    Mexico , New Mexico and Maine , winning North Nevada , and    flipping Arizona . Trump wins Ohio Trump    New Hampshire , Iowa , and    Florida . ’ ’   ’ ’    Clinton wins a Nebraska congressional district while Trump wins a Trump    Maine congressional district . Trump wins Wisconsin Trump    Arizona ,    Florida and New Hampshire .   Florida wins North Carolina and    Clinton . ’ ’   ’ ’    BONUS : An elector in Washington state said last weekend he would    not vote for Clinton An elector in Washington state she win . While this Clinton not Clinton in    a     tie , neither candidate    hit 270 . Clinton    winning Colorado , North Carolina Clinton Nevada , Maine , and New Mexico    while Trump wins Pennsylvania , Florida , Arizona , and New    Hampshire could lead to this . ’ ’   ’ ’    It could also happen with Trump winning Hampshire Mexico and North    Trump while Clinton holds on to Pennsylvania . ’ 
 