  ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey has told the Senate intelligence committee Former FBI Director James Comey wo n’t be constrained in discussing Former FBI Director James Comey conversations with President Donald Trump , Chairman Richard Burr said Monday . Chairman Richard Burr said Chairman Richard Burr ’s spoken several times to Former FBI Director James Comey and Chairman Richard Burr expects Former FBI Director James Comey to talk in detail about his conversations with Chairman Richard Burr when he President Donald Trump openly Chairman Richard Burr before the committee . But Comey is expected Former FBI Director James Comey abstain from discussing the ongoing federal Russia investigation , a Senate intelligence committee source told CNN . The broad boundaries , relayed by Comey to Burr Former FBI Director James Comey Vice Chairman Mark Warner last week , comes after Comey ’s discussions Former FBI Director James Comey Department special counsel Robert Mueller , who is leading the agency ’s probe into the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia . Burr , a North Carolina Republican , said Monday he has not yet spoken to Mueller about Comey ’s expected testimony Former FBI Director James Comey He added he does Former FBI Director James Comey think Former FBI Director James Comey needs to talk Former FBI Director James Comey Mueller before Comey ’s Mueller but Former FBI Director James Comey expect to . Former FBI Director James Comey As far as I ’m concerned anything that would be    would have to be expressed by the former director , " Burr said of Mueller . Burr and Warner Mueller a Virginia Democrat , met Monday with acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe , and Burr said he raised the Burr of Burr ’s memos about his dealings with Trump . Comey I ’d love to see the director ’s memos ( before the hearing ) but I do n’t think I will , " Burr said . The meeting Burr McCabe was not primarily about acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe ’s testimony , the Comey’s . Burr also told CNN that Burr White House national security adviser Michael Flynn , a focus of the Russia probe , had turned over some of the documents to the Senate intelligence committee in response to a subpoena they issued last month . A former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn, a focus of the Russia probe source told CNN they will submit " some CNN former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn, a focus of the Russia probe based on their narrowed document requests after we former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn, a focus of the Russia probe . " Comey ’s CNN are of particular interest to congressional investigators following reports last month that the    director last month memo following a meeting with Trump , detailing how the President allegedly asked Comey to end the investigation into Flynn Comey CNN has not viewed the memo but did have the memo a memo sources familiar with the matter . Trump later denied Comey ’s description of the Trump Comey one of several top a meeting with Trump testifying at a Wednesday intelligence committee hearing on a key National Security Agency surveillance law tool that expires at the end of the year . Burr said he understood that the decision on the Comey memos was a Burr Justice Department determination . " The White House said Monday it would not invoke executive privilege to prevent Comey from testifying The White House 
 Comey 