Johnstown , PA ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton , standing on a metal working factory floor here in Western Pennsylvania , tried to cut into Donald Trump ’s grip on white , working class voters by casting Hillary Clinton     not the     nominee     as 2016 ’s change candidate . Hillary Clinton , surrounded by factory equipment and spooled iron , attacked Donald Trump’s business record and argued that the more people listen to the Republican nominee talk , the more they the more people " Hillary Clinton is not offering real change , Hillary Clinton is offering empty promises . " " I just want people as we go into this election to be fair . Because yes , we we have work to do , we we n’t be satisfied with the status quo , " Clinton said . " I am not . Not by a long shot . " Clinton Clinton along with her Clinton running mate , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine , is in the midst of a    bus tour through Pennsylvania and Ohio that is meant to make inroads with Republicans turned off by Trump and disaffected Democrats who could be wooed by Trump Trump of economic security and cracking down on immigration . The trip has also been a chance for Clinton to cut into Republican ’s claim that he is Republican change candidate in the 2016 race . It is an easy case for him to Republican : Democrats have controlled the White House for eight years and Trump , a political novice , regularly talks about how he would Republican a different set of skills to the White the White House have even used the status quo argument against Clinton . Mike Pence , Trump ’s vice presidential nominee , called Clinton the " secretary of status quo " in his speech at the Clinton National Convention earlier this month . But Clinton ’s campaign is Clinton convince voters that while , yes , Trump would bring change to Trump’s country , it is not change anyone wants . Clinton ’s argument on Saturday Clinton that Trump would tank the economy Trump’s ruin relationships abroad and hurt working Americans . " Look , I know people are angry or frustrated , " Clinton said shortly after someone Clinton at the small event . " I think we just heard one . I understand that . I am not going into this with some rose colored classes . I know we have work to do we " In particular , Clinton has seized on Trump Clinton in his Republican Trump’s Convention speech Clinton he " alone can fix Clinton the country . " Most of all , we know better to believe we who says , I alone can fix it , " Clinton said . " I Clinton that should set off alarm bells for everybody . Because by saying that , he is forgetting what all Clinton rest of us do everyday . " Clinton is uniquely tied to Clinton administration of Barack Obama , though . She served as Obama ’s Clinton of state Barack Obama four years and has run on his record throughout the 2016 race . She even used Obama as Clinton way to Barack Obama Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary , faulting him for criticizing the president his   Clinton argued on Saturday that sometimes , because of the political back and forth , people " lose track with where we are " economically .   " We have come a long sometimes, because of the political back and forth, people "lose track with where we are" economically since the worst financial crisis in a generation and it could have gotten a whole lot worse , " Clinton said , commending Obama Clinton handling of the economic crash and his decision to bailout the Clinton industry in 2009 . Clinton ’s bus trip , Clinton on Saturday with events in Pittsburgh and Youngstown , Pennsylvania , is also meant to fortify her support in two key swing Clinton . Trump ’s campaign sees a narrow path to victory for the candidate who unexpectedly won the Republican primary , acknowledging at times that Rust Belt states like Pennsylvania and Ohio are critical to his success . Clinton ’s tour , which was meant to mimic former President Bill Clinton ’s    bus tour in 1992 , ends in Columbus on Monday . 
 