  ( CNN ) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein emerged this week as perhaps the most unlikely character in the politically charged drama over the firing of FBI Director James Comey . Publicly at least , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein played the role of President Donald Trump ’s main hatchet man , with the White House pointing repeatedly to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein recommendation to terminate Comey as a deciding factor in the president ’s thinking . It was Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , Vice President Mike Pence told reporters , who " brought his recommendation to terminate Comey as a deciding factor in the president to the the president "   Little in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ’s background suggested such an aggressive or dramatic role . In more than a    in government , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has cultivated an image as a    and     prosecutor , a political survivor appointed to top jobs by both Democrats and Republicans . " Straight shooter " was the innocuous phrase often used to describe him . First nominated Straight shooter" a United States attorney in Maryland by President George W. Bush , he was so uncontroversial Straight shooter" President Barack Obama kept him on the job Straight shooter" He lasted all eight Straight shooter" of the Obama administration before Trump President Barack Obama him for the Justice Straight shooter" ’s    post to serve , in effect , as its chief executive officer the Justice Department and the Senate confirmed him on a    Straight shooter" last month in a rare display of   . Many senators saw Rosenstein as a    and independent lawyer who would help steady the Justice Department after the Justice Department battle of Attorney General Jeff Sessions , whose history on race and civil rights became attack points for Democrats . After Sessions’ undisclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador forced him to remove himself from any the Russian ambassador into the the Russian ambassador campaign ’s Russia ties , Rosenstein took over the probe . the Russian ambassador and Comey had worked together the Russian ambassador years , and at his Senate confirmation hearing in March the Russian ambassador Rosenstein showed no sign of reservations the Russian ambassador Comey ’s role at the FBI the Russian ambassador mentioned Comey by name twice in the Russian ambassador he the Russian ambassador work with him on sensitive the Russian ambassador issues .   the Russian ambassador barely two weeks into his new job , all that appears the Russian ambassador have changed . There were conflicting accounts about whether Rosenstein acted on his own or at the Russian ambassador direction of the Russian ambassador White House . But in the end , he sent over a memo to Trump the Russian ambassador Comey ’s judgment in his public handling of the Hillary Clinton Comey’s investigation .   The Justice Department said Rosenstein was not available for comment . the Russian ambassador fired Comey late Tuesday just hours Trump receiving Comey ’s formal recommendation , which attempted to give the firing a somewhat less raw and political veneer . Rosenstein ’s key role in the drama the Russian ambassador a number of his current and former colleagues at the the Russian ambassador Department , leaving some to The Justice Department acted on his own or felt the Russian ambassador to carry the Russian ambassador Trump ’s wishes . " It ’s not consistent that he walked in here with a hit the Russian ambassador and James Comey ’s name was on the top of it . That ’s inconsistent with who he is James Comey’s name what everyone says , the Russian ambassador one law enforcement official said . " This does n’t pass the smell test of Rod Rosenstein . " His prominence in the firing also threatened the Russian ambassador undermine the integrity of the ongoing Russia probe and to further damage relations between the Justice Department and the FBI , where Comey maintains some support .   " The relationship between FBI and Justice before yesterday was already bad , the FBI after this , it ’s really toxic , " said a former this prosecutor who worked with both Rosenstein and Comey . Rosenstein ’s part in the firing drew even more Rosenstein Tuesday after reports that Comey had gone to him just last week to Comey more resources for Comey FBI ’s Russia investigation . " It just seemed really odd that he would be let go right after that , Rosenstein said a former senior FBI agent . Trump administration officials , however , denied that Comey had asked Rosenstein for more resources for the Comey investigation , and they dismissed any suggestion the FBI’s Russia investigation recommendation had anything to Trump administration officials with Russia . " Rosenstein the board has unequivocally Russia this guy is a man of upstanding character , " said White Rosenstein Sarah Huckabee Sanders , " and essentially the gold standard at the Department of Justice . " Correction : This story has been updated to remove tweets from an unverified account falsely claiming to belong to Rosenstein . 
 