Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama vetoed a bill Friday that would allow family members of    victims to sue Saudi Arabia , pitting him against Congress and both presidential candidates on an emotionally charged matter . The White House claimed a bill Friday that would allow family members of   victims to sue Saudi Arabia, pitting him against Congress and both presidential candidates on an emotionally charged matter could expose US diplomats and servicemen to litigation in other countries . Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress Congress they Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress override Obama ’s veto next week . Obama Obama now issued 12 vetoes . If successful , Congress’ override would be the first of Obama Obama presidency . Support for the " Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act " ran high among lawmakers , who overwhelmingly passed the bill earlier this year after pressure from victims’ groups . The the bill end foreign countries’ immunity in the United States from lawsuits , allowing federal civil suits to go forward if the country is determined to have had a hand in a US terror attack . In his veto message , Obama wrote he had his deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , who have suffered grievously . " But he maintained his legislation would seriously hurt US national security interests and cause harm to important alliances , saying it " the legislation neither protect Americans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks . " He warned his the law would hurt the effectiveness of the administration ’s action against terrorism by taking questions of foreign states’ involvement in terrorism " out of the hands of national security and foreign policy professionals and placing them in national security and foreign policy professionals hands of private litigants and courts . " Obama also said the move would open Americans abroad , especially those serving in the military , to prosecutions by foreign countries , since this would remove the reciprocal agreements that now protect both sides from such lawsuits . He also Obama to complaints that allied nations have made about the measure . This legislation the measure said Obama " threatens to limit their cooperation on the measure national security issues , including counterterrorism initiatives , at a crucial time when we are trying to build coalitions , not create divisions . " Demonstrating the difficult political position the White House is in , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , Obama ’s former secretary of state , expressed her support for Obama legislation Friday the measure Clinton continues to support the efforts by Sen. ( Chuck ) Schumer and his colleagues in Congress Schumer secure the ability of    families and other victims of terror to hold accountable those responsible , " said Jesse Lehrich , a Clinton spokesman . " Clinton would sign this Clinton if it came to her this legislation . " Clinton the veto , Republican presidential contender Donald Trump said in a statement the move " is shameful and will go down as one of the low points of his presidency . " Republican presidential contender Donald Trump , too , said he would sign the Republican presidential contender Donald Trump as president this legislation New York Democrat who was a lead supporter of the bill , called the veto " a disappointing decision that the veto swiftly and soundly overturned in Congress . "    Sen. John Cornyn ,    said , " I look forward to    opportunity for Congress to override the President ’s veto , Congress these families with the chance to seek the justice they deserve and send a clear message that these families will not tolerate those who finance terrorism in the United States . "    White House lobbying effort , In recent days , some of the measure ’s supporters in Congress have expressed misgivings about the legislation , prompting a new effort by the administration to lobby against the bill . The White House indicated Friday the legislation still White House lawmakers against the bill , saying that some had indicated privately they had the legislation the measure ’s implications . " If we some focused the measure ,    impact on our nation ’s national security , that ’s what ’s driving the position , that ’s what ’s driving the President ’s decision to veto this bill     not because it ’s politically convenient , it ’s not it ’s political inconvenient , " Press Secretary Josh Earnest said it . " it when it comes to the stakes and the impact that this could have on our national security , the President is willing to take some political heat in order to try to the President’s right thing . " The lobbying effort on Capitol Hill against the legislation has involved the administration but also representatives for the Saudi government , which denies any involvement in the    terror attacks . The alliance puts Obama in the unlikely position of defending the same position as the Kingdom , with which he ’s had longstanding disputes over counterterrorism strategies and human rights . It also puts the President at odds with family members of    victims , who protested outside the White House this week and spoke alongside lawmakers from New York and Connecticut on Capitol Hill . They , along with other proponents of the bill , say the language is written lawmakers from New York and Connecticut on Capitol Hill to prevent the types of repercussions the administration predicts . " We are outraged and dismayed at the President ’s veto of JASTA and the unconvincing and unsupportable reasons that he offers as explanation , " read a statement from the    Families and Survivors . " No matter how much the Saudi lobbying and propaganda machine may argue otherwise , JASTA is a narrowly drawn statute that restores longstanding legal principles that have enjoyed bipartisan JASTA for decades . " Veto override plans , Administration officials had been eying a Friday afternoon veto with the hopes of submitting it to lawmakers after Congress adjourned until November ’s election contests . But prolonged negotiations Veto a government funding bill and a package to combat Zika virus have delayed the recess , meaning lawmakers are still likely to be in Washington next week to cast an override vote . " Our assumption is that the veto will be overridden , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters on Tuesday . House Speaker Paul Ryan followed suit Wednesday , saying , " I do think the votes are there for the override . " But the Wisconsin Republican also voiced his own doubts about the legislation , saying the implications for lawsuits against Americans worried the Wisconsin Republican . " I worry about legal matters , " Ryan said . " I the Wisconsin Republican about trial lawyers trying to get rich off of House Speaker Paul Ryan . And I do worry about the precedence . At the same time , these victims do need to have their day in court . " He was one of several prominent lawmakers who have these victims buyers’ remorse for the proposed the Wisconsin Republican . A pair of Republican senators , Bob Corker of Tennessee and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , have pushed for changes to make it more difficult for the families to pursue lawsuits but could also make it harder for the US to be sued for alleged wrongdoing . Opponents of the bill gained support Wednesday both from the European Union , which issued its opposition the US to be sued for alleged wrongdoing form of a " demarche " statement to the US Department of State , and from a bipartisan group of former national security officials , who penned an open letter to Obama . " The harm this legislation will cause the United States will be both dramatic and " the letter read , citing arguments over weakening sovereign immunity . Its signatories included veterans of an open letter Democratic administrations , including Stephen Hadley , a national security the United States to President George W. Bush Michael Mukasey , a US attorney general under Bush William Cohen , a secretary of defense under President Bill Clinton and Richard Clarke , a national security aide to Bush and Clinton . The letter also noted the law , if enacted , " will most certainly undermine our relationship with one of our most important allies , Saudi Arabia , and damage our relationship with the entire Middle East our " 
 our 