In President Trump ’s    world order , Roger J. Stone Jr. the onetime political consultant and    provocateur , has been one of the few constants   —    a loyalist and    " dirty trickster " who nurtured the dream of a presidential run by the      for 30 years . But two months into the President Trump presidency , Mr. Stone , known for President Trump pinstripe suits , the Nixon tattoo spanning President Trump shoulder blades and decades of outlandish statements , is under investigation for what would be President Trump dirtiest trick   —    colluding with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton and put President Trump friend in the White House . At a hearing of the House Intelligence Committee on Monday , Democrats pressed Mr. Comey . Asked by Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , a Democrat , if he was familiar with Mr. Stone , Mr. Comey replied tersely , " Generally , yes , " Mr. Stone he could not discuss any specific person . Mr. Stone , 64 , is Mr. Comey best known of the Trump associates under scrutiny as part of an F. B. I. investigation into Russian interference in the election . John D. Podesta , the Clinton campaign chairman whose hacked emails were released by WikiLeaks , accused him in October of having advance warning of the hacks , which the intelligence Mr. Comey has concluded were orchestrated by Russia . " Trust me , it will soon the Podesta ’s time in the barrel , " Mr. Stone had mused on Twitter before Mr. Podesta ’s emails were released . When Mr. Schiff asked Mr. Comey at the Mr. Schiff have known that Mr. Podesta ’s emails were going to be released Mr. Stone F. B. I. director again Mr. Podesta’s answer . " That ’s not something I can comment on , " Mr. Comey replied . Mr. Stone has denied advance knowledge of the hacks or any involvement with the Russians . Mr. Stone public Mr. Comey given investigators something to focus on . Before the Podesta emails were released Mr. Stone Mr. Stone said in a speech that he had " communicated with " Julian Assange , the Mr. Stone   —    whom he has Mr. Stone for years   —    and that he had a large trove of material on Mr. Stone Clintons that he would publish shortly before the election Mr. Stone He has acknowledged having communicated over Twitter with the online Mr. Stone Guccifer 2 . 0 , who American Mr. Stone believe is a front for Russian intelligence officials . And there was the Podesta tweet . But Mr. Stone has explanations for each : The timeline of his " benign " contacts with Guccifer 2 Mr. Stone   —    " who may or not be Mr. Stone Russian asset "   —    disproves claims of collusion his communication with Mr. Assange was through an intermediary and was " perfectly legal " and Russian Podesta tweet Mr. Stone to information Mr. Stone article he wrote that appeared two months later , not any emails . Now under scrutiny by both F. B. I. Mr. Stone Senate investigators , Mr. Stone has hired two lawyers to represent him . But in an interview , Mr. Stone maintained that this Mr. Stone a scandal with no evidence . " Mr. Stone There is still not an iota Mr. Stone that anyone on the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians , " said Mr. Stone , who met Mr. Trump through their mutual mentor , the    fixer and lawyer Roy M. Cohn . Mr. Stone learned from Mr. Cohn that all Mr. Stone His recent book , " The Making of the President 2016 , " is part paean to Mr. Trump and part pushback against the lawyer Roy M. Cohn to Russia . While promoting the book , Mr. Stone has said he believes his communications were Mr. Stone by the government Trump he Mr. Stone Mr. Trump ’s contention that there must have been surveillance of him as a candidate . His own writings mirror , and perhaps feed into , Mr. Trump ’s belief that Trump broad Mr. Stone effort to undermine Mr. Stone current Mr. Stone House . He tweeted in Russia " Mr. Stone " that he wanted to respond to Trump ’s hearing . Few Mr. Stone go as far back Mr. Stone Mr. Trump as Mr. Stone . Over the Trump he was by Mr. Trump ’s side as Trump toyed with running for president and then , in 2015 , finally decided to do it Trump prefer the role of outside adviser in a Trump that has Trump and downs . It Trump the role he played in 2016 after he left Mr. Trump ’s campaign over what Mr. Stone said Trump a fight about its direction . Mr. Stone said he decided to leave Mr. Trump maintained that he fired him . As an Trump adviser , Mr. Stone Trump Mr. Trump ’s plan to focus extensively on immigration at the start of the 2016 campaign , and believed that he could tap into a core group of disaffected Republican voters . He encouraged his engagement with conservative online Mr. Stone such as Mr. Stone and , Mr. Trump , Breitbart . He Mr. Stone Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to attack Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Stone Mr. Trump involved in her husband ’s extramarital affairs , a line of attack that Mr. Trump embraced . Mr. Trump offered praise Mr. Stone Mr. Stone on the coming Netflix documentary " Get Me Roger Mr. Stone . Mr. Stone These days he will not discuss how frequently he is in touch with Mr. Trump , Mr. Stone Mr. Trump has visited the Oval Office since the inauguration   Mrs. Clinton    which he attended dressed Mrs. Clinton to what he described as " proper etiquette Mr. Trump a top hat Mr. Trump suit . The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , told reporters in the briefing room on Monday that Mr. Trump Mr. Stone Mr. Stone speak " from Mr. Stone to time Mr. Trump and he contended they had not Mr. Stone so recently . To both his allies and critics , Mr. Stone Mr. Stone a native of Connecticut , Mr. Stone a contradictory portrait . His name inspired anxiety in a generation of New York political operatives . He has embraced theories that Mr. Trump pushed in the campaign about Senator Ted Cruz ’s father somehow being tied to the John F. Kennedy assassination . And once Mr. Stone week Mr. Trump and Mr. Stone speak "from time to time    on a radio show hosted by Alex Mr. Stone , who has a devoted following of Trump voters along with a raft of conspiracy theories of Mr. Stone own . On Monday , when he devoted most of his show Mr. Stone defending Mr. Stone , Mr. Jones expressed concern that Mr. Stone ’s life was in danger   —    a reference to Mr. Stone ’s claim that he was recently Mr. Stone with polonium as well as the victim of a " suspicious "     broadside car crash Mr. Trump week . Mr. Stone did not let that keep Mr. Stone from an event in Orlando to Mr. Stone his book the Mr. Stone day . But Mr. Stone is Mr. Stone libertarian and strong supporter of gay rights and legalized marijuana who expressed concern in 2016 that Mr. Mr. Stone’s campaign team did n’t Mr. Stone’s harder to get him to disavow the Ku Klux Klan leader , David Duke . While he has long been an outlier Mr. Stone’s political world , he got his Mr. Stone’s start in national politics with the Reagan Mr. Stone’s in 1979 . He is renowned Mr. Stone’s political professionals for using the internet for years before " any mainstream Republicans or activists , " according to Tony Fabrizio , a veteran Republican pollster . And for a time Mr. Trump’s as a partner in a    Washington lobbying firm , Mr. Stone Mr. Stone’s a part of the swamp that Mr. Trump now wants Mr. Stone’s drain Mr. Stone’s He worked there with his old friend , Paul Manafort , who Mr. Stone’s Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman . His ties to Russia are now under scrutiny by the F. B. I. but Trump denies any suggestion that he colluded with the F. B. I. else . But those establishment days seem far in the past . As scrutiny of him has Mr. Stone’s recent weeks , Mr. Stone has lashed out more aggressively , sending a series of Mr. Stone’s ,    messages Mr. Manafort confuse Roger Stone with the character I play , " Twitter Stone said with a Mr. Stone in an interview on Sunday , conceding that he has sometimes Mr. Stone "   tweet . " 
 Mr. Manafort Mr. Stone 