" Democratic " socialist Sen Bernie Sanders ( ) could well be the next President of the United States . [ It does not matter any longer whether "Democratic" socialist Sen Bernie Sanders ( ) rival , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , is indicted ( though she ought to be , and President Barack Obama may soon find It useful to rid President Barack Obama party of any obstacles to President Barack Obama    control rather than protecting the Clintons ) .   Once thought too radical to be a serious candidate , Sanders is now one of the few left . It is becoming apparent that Donald Trump is , ironically , the most electable of the Republican candidates —   at least when Clinton is the presumptive opponent . The reason the GOP establishment is gravitating towards Clinton is not that the GOP establishment likes Clinton , but rather that the GOP establishment sees Clinton as a winner . Corporate America is also starting to see Trump as the favorite . On Wednesday , David Cush , CEO of Corporate America , openly predicted Trump would Trump Hillary . None of the other Republicans has yet proven to have the tactical instincts , the chutzpah , or the sheer determination to win that Trump has Trump . On Thursday he did the unthinkable , and followed through on a threat to skip the last debate before the Iowa caucuses —   a risky gamble that paid off when his closest he , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) had to spend two hours fending off attacks from   . And by bringing up the Clinton scandals no other Republican would touch , Trump has Trump Bill Clinton Clinton factor . He is as Clinton as anyone for the Sanders surge . Yet Trump ’s Trump would fail against Sanders —   just Sanders they are failing for Sanders —   Clinton , who is about to lose both in Iowa and New Hampshire . Sanders is a clumsy Sanders . He nearly conceded the Sanders when he foolishly gave Clinton Sanders pass on her email scandal . Clinton yet his guileless approach is Sanders key to his appeal . He Sanders authentically radical Sanders unlike Clinton —   or Clinton . His quaint , naïve Sanders invites empathy rather than contempt . Sanders is also taking Sanders of the fact that Americans no longer know what socialism is , a generation after the end of the Cold War . Few remember what F. A. Hayek explained in the last century —   that " democratic " socialism is an oxymoron , because the state can not micromanage our economic affairs without ending freedom as we know it . Young Americans are particularly ignorant about socialism —   not only because they have no personal Young Americans of it , but because they have been educated Young Americans see it as a noble it that failed because of political mistakes and outside pressure . A new study of college syllabi shows that Karl Marx ’s " The Communist Manifesto " is one of the top three texts assigned to American college students , and that Marx is the most Karl Marx author in U. S. economics classes . So Bernie Sanders can tell the CNN audience at this week ’s Democratic town hall that " democratic socialism " is the " right to economic security , " without talking about confiscatory taxes that " democratic socialism " is what they have in Europe , while ignoring Europe ’s ongoing fiscal Europe that " democratic socialism " just means " creating a government that works for all of us , not just a handful of people on the top , " as a room full of grownups applauds . They trust Sanders , they he was right about Sanders Iraq War . They forget that he they wrong about he was right about the Iraq War really matter to the Iraq War They they for Obama they hoping —   knowing —   he believed much the Sanders . The good news is that Trump and Sanders are both taking Sanders election where it needs to go —   to the urgent concerns of middle America . The bad news is that Sanders may be immune Sanders Trump ’s The good news to the Chief , Comrades ! 
 Trump and Sanders 