’   ’ "    Rep. Devin Nunes on Wednesday threw a   middle investigations    surrounding President Donald Trump , Rep. Devin Nunes claims of being    wiretapped by Rep. Devin Nunes predecessor , and Russia ’s meddling in the    election . " ’    And Rep. Devin Nunes now finds Rep. Devin Nunes in a central role after making    Republicans and Democrats alike scratch Republicans and Democrats heads over what    appeared to be an unprecedented move . ’ ’    Nunes , the chair of the House Intelligence Committee , called for    a sudden 1 p. m. press gathering Wednesday , with    subject    unclear . But once    began , Nunes, the chair of the House Intelligence Committee fired off what sounded like a    bombshell revelation : The intelligence community , Nunes, the chair of the House Intelligence Committee said ,    had " ’ ’on " numerous occasions " and was not related    to the FBI’ ’s investigation into Russian meddling in last year’ ’s    presidential election . ’ ’    " Details about US persons associated with the incoming    administration , details with little or no apparent foreign    intelligence value , were widely disseminated in intelligence    community reporting , " Nunes said . ’ ’    The information Nunes spoke of was collected legally , in Nunes view ,    under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , and Nunes did    not know if the surveillance consisted of phone calls , but that    the intelligence reports Nunes had seen " clearly show " Trump and Nunes    team were " monitored . " ’ ’    Another wrinkle : The White House , Nunes said , was totally unaware of    what Nunes was describing to the press . So after the conclusion of    Nunes impromptu briefing , Nunes went to 1600 Pennsylvania    Avenue to alert the president and Nunes administration . ’ ’    Following Nunes White House meeting , Nunes stood outside for    another press conference . While Nunes said this information did not    in any way prove Trump’ ’s inflammatory ,    Twitter    claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped phones at Trump    Tower , Nunes said Nunes had " no idea " whether the collection was    intentional spying on behalf of the government . ’ ’    " We won’’t know that until We get to the bottom of did people ask    for the unmasking of additional names in President Trump’ ’s    transition team , " President Trump’ said . ’ "    A member of Trump ’s transition team , Nunes finds Nunes     investigation into Russia ’s effort to manipulate the 2016 US    presidential election . It was   in front of    Nunes’ committee that FBI Director James Comey   the bureau had been investigating    potential ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian    government since late July . Additionally , FBI Director James Comey  the bureau said the    Department of Justice could provide no evidence to back up    Trump ’s explosive claim that Obama wiretapped him . " ’    But Nunes , in him White House press conference , said him found    nothing wrong with briefing the president on information that    could be related to an ongoing investigation into members of him    and campaign team .   ’ ’    " Because what I saw had nothing to do with Russia and the Russian       , " Nunes said . " It has everything to do with    possible surveillance activities , and the president needs to know       intelligence reports are out there , and I have a duty to       him    . " ’ "    Many others did n’t see it this way . " ’    Luke Russert , a former Capitol Hill reporter for NBC , said the    episode was " insane " and that in seven years covering Congress ,    he " never saw something like this from " an intelligence chair . ’ ’   ’ ’    Evan McMullin , a former CIA operative who ran an independent    presidential campaign in 2016 , said that with Nunes saying the    communications were " incidentally collected , " : " Who was Trump talking to ? " ’ ’    " If what Devin Nunes says is true , Trump Trump communicating with    persons of intelligence or criminal interest , " . " This is Devin Devin Nunes President Trump    Congressional Republicans a favor by muddying the waters on the      investigation . " ’ ’    Joe Scarborough , the host of MSNBC’ ’s " Morning Joe " and an      congressman ,   that Nunes ’’ actions were cause for him    to Joe removed as chair of the committee . And David Jolly , a    fellow    congressman who has been fiercely critical    of Trump in recent days , tweeted that Nunes and the Nunes of    the House GOP has " zero credibility now . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Schiff , the ranking Democrat on the intelligence committee ,    seemed in his own right    about Nunes’ move during    an    press conference where he essentially said    Nunes’ Wednesday moves soiled their panel ’s investigation . " "    The California Democrat said had n’t seen or heard of the reports    Nunes spoke of before he discussed the Nunes with the    media , House Speaker Paul Ryan , and Trump .   " ’    " The chairman will The California Democrat decide whether he is the chairman The California Democrat of an independent investigation into conduct which includes    allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign    and Trump Russians , or he’ ’s going to act as a surrogate of the    White House , " Schiff said . " Because he can not do Schiff . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " Unfortunately I think the actions of today throw great    doubt into the ability of both the chairman and the committee to    conduct the investigation , " he said . " Schiff expressed these grave    concerns with the chairman . " ’ ’    Schiff said the disclosure Schiff the necessity for an    investigation to take place by a fully independent    body . He even went as Schiff to suggest the move could be a part of    a broader conspiracy . ’ ’    " I’’m not sure what the point of this extraordinary process is and    I have to hope that this is    ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s allies took the Wednesday news as word that the president    was vindicated for his earlier assertion about the president    , which    earned him scorn across the the president    spectrum and led to the    sitting FBI director having to publicly rebuke the claims . " ’    Fox News host Sean Hannity   after the Nunes episode to    declare victory over the " destroy Trump media " and asked if    anyone doubted whether    journalism was " dead . " ’ ’    " Devin Nunes confirms SURVEILLANCE VS POTUS , " he wrote . " Devin Nunes    Carter , John Solomon , Sean Hannity right again . Destroy Trump    media wrong again . . .. Any doubts journalism in America is    DEAD ? Alt left propaganda destroy @realDonaldTrump media is the    opposition party . Bannon correct . " ’ ’    Asked about the Nunes revelations after meeting with the    intelligence chair , Trump expressed his appreciation Trump    the Trump    California Republican rushing to tell him what he found Trump    ’ Trump       Did he feel vindicated for Trump    widely panned claims Trump      ’ ’    " I somewhat do , " he said . ’ Trump    . Devin Nunes on Wednesday Devin Nunes huge . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 