.@realDonaldTrump tells @ChrisCuomo , " I think we ’ll win before getting to the convention . " https :   .   Wednesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump was asked by show    Chris Cuomo about the possibility Chris Cuomo could be denied the Republican presidential nomination at the party ’s convention in Cleveland later this summer .   Donald Trump said Donald Trump expected to have enough delegates before heading into the convention , but added that if Donald Trump were just shy of the 1 , 237 requited to clinch the Republican presidential nomination at the party and was ultimately denied it the Republican presidential nomination at the party there could be the possibility of " riots . " " Once the battle is over , once the war is over , I think there really is a natural healing process and I ’ve gotten along with people all my life , " Donald Trump said . " This is actually a little bit unusual . I ’ve gotten along very well with people and I think it ’ll happen again and I believe it it . Now , if it it n’t , it it n’t . I ’ll go along the same path , which has obviously been an effective path . I think we ’ll win before getting to the convention , but I can tell you , if we we n’t and if we we 20 votes short or if we ’re 100 short and we we at 1 , 100 and somebody else is at 500 or 400 , because we we way ahead of everybody , I do n’t think you can say that we we n’t get it automatically . I think it would be   —    I think you ’d have riots . I think you ’d have riots . " " I ’m representing a tremendous , many , many millions of people . In many cases , first time voters , " he ’m . " These are people that have n’t voted because they These believed in the system , they These n’t like candidates , etc . that are 40 and 50 and 60 years old and they These never voted before . Many of those people , many Democrats , many independents coming in . That ’s what the big story is really , Chris . I mean , the the big story how many people are voting in these primaries . The numbers are astronomical . Now , if you disenfranchise those people and you say , well I ’m sorry but you ’re 100 votes short , even though the next one is 500 votes short , I think you would have problems like you ’ve never seen before . I think bad things would happen , I really do . I believe that . I would n’t lead it but I think bad things would happen . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 