’   ’ ’    Mexican multibillionaire Carlos Slim on Friday gave a rare press    conference and called on all Mexicans and Mexican political    parties to support President Enrique Peña Nieto in President Enrique Peña Nieto    negotiations with US President Donald Trump . ’ ’    Slim , who was for three years ranked the richest person in the    world and who is typically    said that " a united Mexico "    was ready to help the government negotiate , . ’ ’    Speaking in Spanish , Slim called US President Donald Trump a " great negotiator " who    represented a major change in how politics will be conducted . ’ ’    Slim spoke out against US President Donald Trump during the campaign but had dinner    with US President Donald Trump after US President Donald Trump political victory , according to Reuters . ’ "    According to Slim Slim on Friday that it Slim clear that    the government of Mexico is in a strong negotiating position , and    that Peña Nieto canceled next week ’s meeting with Trump    exemplifies that . " ’    Peña Nieto on Thursday   scheduled for next week with Trump Trump       the US president warned he the US president not visit Washington if Mexico Mexico was " unwilling to pay " for a wall on its Mexico    border with the    US . ’ ’    The a wall on its shared border with the   US investment and jobs in Mexico Mexico   adding that people would go wherever there    are better employment opportunities . ’ ’    Trump and Peña Nieto spoke on the phone for about an hour on    Friday and have . ’ "    Slim repeatedly referred to Trump ’s books , which he said he is Slim reading Slim learn more about the man . " ’    " Page 9 : The biggest problem in the US is political correctness , "    . ’ ’    Slim also   in the US , saying the US not afraid of the    dangers of coming to the US , not afraid the US and hungry for    success , according to Mendez . ’ ’    As for Trump’ ’s plan to boycott American companies that have    factories in Mexico ,   " That’ ’s wrong . " ’ "    On the Mexican peso , which has taken a beating since Trump ’s rise    to political success , Slim said the    exchange rate is    artificial and influenced by people    Trump tweeting ,    according to Trump’s . "    ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Mexican labor force is superior to that of our neighbors says Carlos Slim . They work harder Slim learn faster ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Mexican labor force   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe Mexican labor force the border wall will have to be made by Mexicans , who else is going to make it ?     ’ " ’t’t’t . the border wall not a terminator , he ’s a negotiator says . Press ’ " ’t’t’t just erupted in laughter . ’t’t " 
 