  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign raised $ 143 million in August for Hillary Clinton’s campaign , the DNC and state parties , according to a campaign press release , a haul that makes the month the best of Hillary Clinton’s campaign . The fundraising haul is a silver lining on what otherwise was a difficult month for Hillary Clinton’s , where questions about Hillary Clinton’s exclusive use of a private email server as secretary of state and questions about     at the Clinton Foundation hamstrung her campaign . National polls have tightened since the Democratic National Convention in July , but Hillary Clinton’s maintains leads in almost all battleground states . With their massive August haul , the her campaign September with more than $ 68 million in the bank , while Hillary Clinton’s joint fundraising accounts have a combined $ 84 million in the bank . the bank unmoved by press squawks over lack of press conferences , " Thanks to the 2 . 3 million people who have contributed to our campaign , her campaign heading into the our two months of the race with the resources we need to organize and our millions of voters across the country , " Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement . " These resources will help us to the resources we need to organize and mobilize millions of voters across the country turnout millions of voters to elect progressive candidates across the country . " For comparison , the country Barack Obama raised Obama ’s campaign raised $ 66 million in August 2008 and $ 150 million in September 2008 . Clinton Hillary Clinton’s 37 fundraisers in August , raising her Hillary Clinton’s close to $ August 2008 million in ’s campaign , according to CNN ’s estimate based on average ticket prices and attendance figures provided by the Clinton Hillary Clinton’s . Clinton Hillary Clinton’s     which took ’s campaign states     raised $ 67 . 9 million , according to CNN ’s calculations . That haul smashes what she has Hillary Clinton’s raised CNN previous months and put her on Hillary Clinton’s to make August her biggest Hillary Clinton’s month of the campaign . Tom    group targets millennials to help Democrats in ’s campaign , One key reason Clinton is Hillary Clinton’s to raise these large sums of money : The Hillary Victory Fund , a joint fundraising account that allows the Democratic ticket to raise money for her campaign Hillary Clinton’s the Democratic National Committee and Democratic state parties at the ’s campaign . These agreements allow Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s to give $ 366 , 400 to a The Hillary Victory Fund, a joint fundraising account that allows the Democratic ticket to raise money for her campaign, the Democratic National Committee and Democratic state parties at the same time different Democratic accounts through the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton’s An analysis by Bloomberg found that the Hillary Victory Fund ’s campaign donors who had maxed out their donations to the Democratic National Committee to give more money through the joint fundraising agreement . the Hillary Victory Fund allowed hundreds of donors who had maxed out their donations to the Democratic National Committee to give more money through the joint fundraising agreement to the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton’s $ 62 million of their total haul in August was for the ’s campaign about $ 81 million was raised for ’s campaign Democratic National Committee through the Hillary ’s campaign and the Hillary Action Fund . First on CNN :    the Democratic National Committee 6 the Hillary Victory Fund at minorities , Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s anchored by two    swings     one through California and another through New York . The former secretary of state raised over $ 19 million during a    nine fundraiser swing through California earlier this month . She topped that haul this week during a similar    nine fundraiser haul through the Hamptons and surrounding towns , bringing in California $ 21 million in The former secretary of state process . Clinton ’s month was    as well .   Debate prep reveals clash of styles for Clinton , Trump , Jimmy Buffett hosted Clinton at his Sag Harbor home earlier this month , serenading the crowd with Sir Paul McCartney , a music Clinton and one of the frontmen from Clinton Beatles Jimmy Buffett and Jon Bon Jovi . During her trip to California , Clinton headlined events hosted by singer songwriter Justin Timberlake , actress Jessica Biel , actor Tobey Maguire ,    Scooter Braun , Jon Bon Jovi of Fame basketball player Clinton Johnson and actors Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson . Clinton visited the following states on the fundraising trial this month : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , Nebraska Clinton New York , Ohio and Pennsylvania , as well as the District of Columbia . Clinton ’s biggest fundraiser of the month was a $ 6 . 6 million event in the Hamptons hosted by Jonathan Tisch ,    of the New York Giants . Tim Kaine headlined 33 fundraisers this month , bringing in a more modest $ 12 million , according to estimates , meaning together the    ticket raise around $ 80 million at the month personally headlined . 
 the   ticket 