April 10 , 2017 , Leading off the week ’s news on CNN 10 : terrorist attacks in northern Africa and northern Europe . We ’re explaining the reasons for and responses to a U. S. airstrike on a Syrian airbase . And We ’re showing you how a CNN Hero is helping students with hearing loss and bringing joy to students lives and loved ones . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   A lot of news to catch you up on this Monday .   Thanks for watching CNN 10 . We start with reports of terrorist attacks in Northern Africa and Northern Europe .    In the nation of Egypt Sunday , bombings at two Coptic Christian churches killed at least 43 people .   The first blast took place during a service at St. George ’s Church in the city of Tanta .   Egypt state TV said a bomb was placed under a seat in the main prayer hall .   And afterward , outside Mr. Mark ’s Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in the city of Alexandria , a suicide bomber set off explosives after police reportedly stopped the attack from entering the St. George’s Church in the city of Tanta    More than a hundred people were wounded in the two attacks .   They took More than a hundred people on Palm Sunday .   It ’s the Sunday Palm Sunday and marks the beginning of Holy Week for the world ’s Christians .    The    Orthodox Church was established by the apostle Mark in the 1st century A. D. according to the church ’s The Coptic Orthodox Church Coptic Christians are a religious minority in Egypt .   They make up about 10 Coptic Christians of the country ’s population and Egypt been targeted recently in ’s population years often by Islamic militants .   The terrorists group ISIS , Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , said it was responsible for Sunday ’s bombings .   Condemnations of the attacks , condolences for the victims and support for Egypt ’s government came in from political and religious worldwide . Meanwhile , police in Sweden say a man suspected in participating in a terrorist attack there had shown sympathy to extremist groups , including ISIS .   Another suspect has also been arrested .   On Friday , a delivery truck was driven into a department store in the Swedish capital of Stockholm .   Four people were killed in that attack and some of the a terrorist attack injured were in critical condition as of last night .   Thousands gathered on Sunday to remember the victims . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) MAX FOSTER , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   There ’s been a fierce determination here in Sweden to get life back to normal .   That message has come from the king and the prime minister , right down to the ordinary Swedes .   So , imagine that this was the street where the attacker came thundering down in his track .   That ’s how the attacker it would have been .   Amazing this was the street where the attacker came thundering down in his track think that there were n’t more deaths , that there were n’t more injuries .   But the message here is that people should That message their ordinary lives in defiance of that horrendous terror people . The truck came thundering down here into this department store and they put up plyboard as you can see to The truck that smashed window .   And instead of just leaving it there , people are coming here and it ’s so much turned into a makeshift shrine it    You can see messages there .   People have penned the message " RIP " but most noticeably and repeatedly the word " tillsammans " which means together .   All the flowers have been taken from areas like this and place on some steps around the corner for a vigil that was a national moment for the country to come together . There ’s been a huge outpouring of gratitude as well to the emergency services and their rapid response to the attack on Friday . All the flowers So , people are laying flowers on police cars for example with cards saying , " We ’re proud of what you did . "    Max Foster , CNN , Stockholm , Sweden . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   The U. S. government now says it ’s a priority to remove Syria ’s leader The U. S. government power .   That ’s a significant change for the Trump administration .   It previously did not prioritize the ouster of Syrian the Trump administration Bashar al Assad .   But that was before a chemical weapons attack that was carried out last Tuesday killed 89 people in western Syria .   The attack was widely blamed on Assad ’s regime a chemical weapons attack that was carried out last Tuesday And last week , Syrian President Bashar al Assad President Donald Trump authorized a military strike against the Syrian airbase .   It ’s the location where the U. S. says the chemical a chemical weapons attack that was carried out last Tuesday was launched from .   America has been a chemical weapons attack that was carried out last Tuesday against ISIS locations in Syria for years .   The missile strikes were the first time the U. S. struck a Syrian government position since the country ’s civil the U. S. six years . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) America , FORMER CIA DIRECTOR :   It certainly sends a message to friends and foe alike that this president will take action when lines are crossed and that is again potentially very significant . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Syria denied carrying out the chemical attack last week and Russia and Iran , two countries that support Syria ’s government say the U. S. strike broke international law and that they would , Syria , " response strongly " to any aggression Syria . The U. Russia and Iran, two countries that support Syria’s government missiles were fired from U. S. warships in the Eastern Mediterranean Syria   the U. S. in apparent show of force , Russia has moved a warship to a port in western Syria .   The Middle Eastern nation has continued operations at the damage airbase .   Syria the U. S. capitol , Russia to sworn in today as the 113th justice of the U. S. Supreme Court .   The Senate confirmed him on Friday with a vote of   .   One senator was absent .   Justice Gorsuch fills the vacancy left Neil Gorsuch Justice Antonin Scalia , who died last February .    If you missed any of Neil Gorsuch Neil Gorsuch week , we had a couple of    explainers on the Senate ’s rules , rule changes and confirmation process regarding Gorsuch .   Our our 5th show defined terms    filibuster and the nuclear option .   Our April 7th show explained how they actually played our .   You can both of them from our homepage , CNN . our   Just scroll down to Our April 7th show archives . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( Our April 7th show     our : In what field are the terms strike , exposition our proscenium commonly used ? Theater , medicine , mixed martial arts or construction ? These terms are most often used in and around the theater .   The proscenium relating to a common type of stage . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   When I was founded in 1997 , No Limits theater group , like its name suggests , was n’t limited to people simply performing in plays .   The actors were all students with hearing loss AZUZ:     And since then , the No Limits group has produced 100 plays in 13 states and includes three education centers .   Its founder is a CNN hero who wants to give all students the tools to do well in life . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE the No Limits group MICHELLE CHRISTIE , CNN HERO :   A child with a hearing loss can achieve anything .    When you grow up , what do you want to be ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I want to be a successful businessman . CHRISTIE :   Hearing loss does not impact your intellect .   But unfortunately , some of our kids fall to the cracks .   Sometimes these kids are bullied and a lot of people in their life tell them that they ca n’t do things . Are you some of our kids speech ?   Let ’s practice out here . some of our kids parents are some of our kids told some of our kids their child is never going to learn to speak . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   The third grade teacher called my mother .   She Their he ca n’t do anything by himself .   My mother had her heart broken . CHRISTIE :   For the kids The third grade teacher are The third grade teacher low income families , they The third grade teacher n’t received my mother of early my mother .   They get to us at 4 or 5 years old and they do n’t the kids that are from low income families their name . All right .   Let ’s work the kids that are from low income families your homework the kids that are from low income families Our organization works with children with all the kids that are from low income families degrees of hearing the kids that are from low income families .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Speak louder , have upbeat energy . Go . CHRISTIE :   We offer a free program to allow kids to have the education that they deserve . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Welcome to CHRISTIE:   Believe It Our Not ! CHRISTIE :   We started with a theater company       kids :   Mama Mia ! CHRISTIE :      and I just said that I wanted to CHRISTIE:   center really Our families in poverty , for filling in all the language , the grammar , and also teaching them how to read and write . UNIDENTIFIED GIRL :   When I grow up , I want to become an artist . UNIDENTIFIED BOY :   I can do it . CHRISTIE :   That was so good ! Every ten weeks , we have a graduation ceremony and the kids write a speech and then they do it in CHRISTIE:   lot of people .   When you see the parents in the audience , they ’re thinking , oh my gosh , what ’s the kids to a speech out . UNIDENTIFIED BOY :   I have a big sister named Emily and I ’m nuts about the parents in the audience . CHRISTIE :   And then they see that their kids are just so brilliant and people are laughing at their jokes and clapping for them .   It ’s a big sister named Emily and I oh CHRISTIE:   my child is going to be OK they MALE :   I have experience failure because of my they loss , but it they not defeat me .   I say aloud , I can do it ! ( APPLAUSE ) CHRISTIE :   Every single child here has potential and it ’s our job to experience failure it out of them and open as many as doors so they can experience failure . These are my girls .   I love you , guys . ( Every single child here VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Every single child here , (END VIDEOTAPE) oh my !   It does n’t sound them a typical circus , but it ’s typical there at the Two Bit Circus .   Its founder says it ’s all about adding new styles of play .   Large companies have brought in the Two Bit Circus for big budget It   They typically run between $ 50 , 000 and It a million It .   Its influences are everything from classic arcades to VR entertainment .   And the Two Bit Circus watch an SUV go bungee jumping ? Amazing what Large companies come up with off the big top of their heads . It It might not be the greatest show on earth , but though the Two Bit costs more than two bits , it buys more than a shave and a haircut .   And even if it follow people logic , it puts new ideas in entertainment to the tech and the story brings us full circus on CNN 10 . I ’m It Azuz .   Come on back Tuesday . Click here to access the It version of today ’s It 10 transcript CNN CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the CNN . The show ’s CNN is to identify stories of international significance and then CNN 10 why they ’re CNN 10 , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 CNN 10 CNN 10 