’’ ’Tesla will .’ ’The automaker plans to launch the Model 3 in late 2017 and begin fulfilling 373 , 000    for the vehicle through 2018 ; customers put down $ 1 , 000 each after the Model unveiling in March 2016 for the privilege of waiting two years or more to take delivery of two years or more car.’ " Because Tesla was three years late launching Tesla last vehicle , the Model X SUV , speculation has been rampant that the Model will suffer similar delays . Everyone also now knows that the Model X ’s complicated design and troubled initial production created a hellish situation for Tesla CEO Elon Musk and his team Tesla CEO Elon Musk " ’Memories of that struggle have fueled views that Tesla will Tesla CEO Elon Musk Model 3 customers wait and wait and wait some more to get their cars.’ some those fears are misplaced . In fact , Tesla is Tesla CEO Elon Musk now on track to potentially launch the Model 3 ahead of schedule.’ ’Model 3    will commence on February 20 , Reuters reported . Initial production is slated for July , assuming that Tesla can Tesla CEO Elon Musk its supply Tesla CEO Elon Musk and not have to wait on parts . ’ " Test building will help the carmaker refine the Model the Model 3 isolate any quality control issues . It will also demonstrate Test building a simpler design for the Model 3 will the Model 3 the scale Musk needs to meet    and push toward a     run rate by 2018 ( not all those vehicles would be Model 3s , of course , but the 3 is expected to consume the bulk of Tesla ’s future manufacturing capacity ) . " ’’ " There will be obvious signs of whether Tesla is on track . In Tesla and April , we should start to spot prototype Model 3s in the wild , undergoing    road trials . Tesla will also have to give Tesla government several Model 3s for crash testing . And production versions of the vehicle will appear at Tesla Tesla , to stoke interest Tesla Model 3    customers that their cars are on the way . " customers A lot of the specifics about the Model 3 in terms of features and performance may not be unveiled until the car ’s launch . But that launch could happen in short order , the car’s launch fires up in July . For the past year , we ’ve been expecting the Model 3 to launch in the fourth the Model 3 . But a    launch is now a real possibility . " " The naysayers could get burned on this one . Tesla learned a lot about how to build cars when it created the Model S from scratch back in the early Tesla . The Model X was overly ambitious , and Tesla now knows that it ca n’t make that mistake again Tesla " ’’ " The Model X Model 3 , unlike the Model S and X , will use steel rather than the Model S construction , which will simplify Tesla ’s manufacturing process . Early indications The Model 3 that the carmaker Tesla some interior components , such as the instrumentation . Every Model 3 will come with   but there ’s nothing exotic about cameras and sensors . And Tesla is n’t going to use a battery or powertrain setup that Tesla substantially different from what it already has on the Models S and X. " ’The bottom Tesla is that electric cars are actually easier to build than    ones , and Tesla should start to see meaningful returns on that simple reality as Tesla moves into    for the Model 3.’ " Mind you , Tesla probably wo n’t roll anywhere near 100 , 000 vehicles at Tesla . If a few thousand Model 3 vehicles exit the Tesla factory in Fremont , CA this year , it will be Tesla commendable achievement . I ’ve been joking with colleagues for months that Tesla will get the 3 launched in 2017   —    even Tesla it only sends a dozen vehicles off the assembly line , with Tesla behind the wheel of the first one . " " Production at scale will likely not occur until    at the earliest , and it ’s worth noting that Tesla still needs to produce the Model S and    X , Tesla both vehicles command substantially higher prices and bring in larger profits . Ironically , Tesla is heading downmarket after having established itself at the more profitable Tesla    of the auto market . Tesla ’’ " There ’s another important factor in all this , and that ’s Tesla ’s stock price , which is up almost 40 % since Tesla of the year . A surprise profit for the    of 2016 and President Donald Trump ’s     policies are driving positive sentiment on Wall Street   —    and giving Musk the option of another capital raise in 2017 if he needs to bolster Tesla ’s cash position . " " A    Model 3 Musk would Tesla shares and could conceivably send Tesla well above it current $    market cap . If that happens Tesla it would Tesla some cushion for investors who are concerned about the complexities of Tesla that happens acquisition of    company SolarCity last year , which has added Tesla debt to Tesla ’s balance sheet and diluted existing Tesla shareholders , thanks to the $ Tesla     purchase . " " So Tesla good news looks like it will keep on coming for Tesla . There ’s no question that the Model 3 will the good news in 2017 . Tesla it could hit the road even sooner than expected . " ’Tesla will reportedly start to build the Model 3 .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 