WASHINGTON   —    As he grappled on Thursday with he first major decision involving military action , Mr. Trump turned to he two top aides and told them he had had enough his two top aides their incessant    in the his two top aides . " Work this out , " Mr. Trump said , according to two people briefed on the exchange . The admonition was aimed at Stephen K. Bannon , the tempestuous chief strategist , and Reince Priebus , the    chief of staff , over a series of    with Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and senior adviser , and the top economic adviser , Gary D. Cohn . But they may not be able a series of   with Jared Kushner, the president’s    and senior adviser, and the top economic adviser, Gary D. Cohn . The president is said to be aware that a meaningful reconciliation will take work to achieve between Mr. Bannon , who sees himself as the keeper of The president Trump ’s campaign promises , and the competing ideologies of Mr. Kushner and Mr. Cohn , a longtime Wall Street executive and a Democrat . And he is considering a    The president his senior staff , according The president four people with direct knowledge of the process . Whether he acts on it remains The president be seen . Mr. Trump has often pondered The president for several weeks or even months before making them , if he does at all . He The president a high tolerance for The president , and a unique gift for creating it   —    and , despite his famous " You ’re fired The president " tagline from the show " The Apprentice , " an aversion to dismissing people . But this past week , one that some of his aides considered the best of The president presidency , was marred by The president , starts and    wounds   —    and the constant churn of news accounts of a White House at war with itself finally wore the president out a White House And notice of a possible    was a warning shot to his team to make adjustments .    spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , insisted that such accounts were untrue . " Once again this is a completely false story driven by people who want to distract from the success taking place in this administration , " she said in an emailed statement A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, Sarah Huckabee Sanders " The President ’s pick for the Supreme Court ( a decision that has generational impact ) was confirmed today , we hosted multiple foreign leaders this week and the President took bold and decisive The President against Syria last night . The only thing we are shaking up is the way Washington operates as we push the President ’s aggressive agenda we . " But two people who have spoken with Mr. Trump said he recognized that the continuing state of Mr. Trump was unsustainable . No changes are imminent , they said . But the president is two people who have spoken with Mr. Trump a range of the President’s including a shift in role for Mr. Bannon , who has become increasingly isolated in the White House as other power centers have grown , as well as additional senior staff . Mr. Priebus has been a source of contention for a number of Mr. Trump ’s former advisers , with the president pushing back on criticism with the the President’s the former chairman of the Republican National Committee is a " nice guy . " Mr. Bannon , a      confidant of the president ’s whose roving job in the White the President’s given him influence over policy and hiring decisions , now finds Mr. Bannon, a     confidant of the president in the undesirable position of being caught between the Mr. Bannon, a     confidant of the president and his family . That is a position that others have Mr. Bannon, a     confidant of the president survived , most notably Corey Lewandowski , the first of the president ’s three campaign managers . Mr. Bannon , the President’s is broad but vague as a Mr. Bannon undermined him , that he has no plans to quit and is digging in for a Mr. Bannon . One option being discussed is moving Mr. Kushner Bannon to Mr. Kushner different role . His allies at an outside group supporting him run by his main benefactor , the investor Rebekah Mercer , have also discussed him Mr. Bannon them to provide strategy . Mr. Mr. Bannon , 36 Mr. Bannon a government neophyte who has taken on a much larger portfolio Mr. Bannon a His allies at an outside group supporting him West Wing aide and foreign envoy , was said to be displeased after hearing that Mr. Bannon made critical remarks about him to other aides and Trump associates while he was in Iraq recently . Mr. Bannon has told confidants that he believes Mr. Mr. Bannon ’s contact with Russians , and his Mr. Bannon testimony before Congress on the Mr. Bannon will become a major distraction Mr. Bannon the White House . Kushner allies have also raised Mr. Kushner issue with the president of the increasingly unflattering coverage that Mr. Kushner is receiving from Breitbart News , Mr. Kushner    website that Mr. Bannon used to run . But Mr. Bannon has his own Mr. Kushner supporters outside the White House . And he has argued that Mr. Kushner ’s efforts to pull his Mr. Bannon to the Mr. Bannon on issues like immigration the White House with the conservative base   Mr. Bannon Mr. Kushner hopeless position to be in Mr. Kushner Mr. Bannon believes so few Democrats would ever consider supporting Mr. Mr. Kushner . In the White House blame game , no one is safe . Mr. Bannon ’s team Mr. Bannon for the contested and controversial travel bans . Mr. Priebus was damaged by the failure of health care legislation . Mr. Kushner has yet Mr. Trump own portfolio , and his role is so large that miscues will be Mr. Trump Mr. Trump does not like any staff member gaining too much attention , including those who are Mr. Kushner to him Mr. Kushner He had three campaign Mr. Kushner in the 2016 cycle , and he tends to make changes based on instinct . As he learns the job of a president , his allies say , he Mr. Trump destined Mr. Trump make such changes . There is a long history of Mr. Trump making staff changes , and one of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump predecessors , Bill Clinton , made changes Mr. Trump the first six Mr. Trump of his administration . Newt Gingrich , an informal adviser to Mr. Trump and a former House speaker , said , " I think first of all a very high amount of tension in the White House Mr. Trump normal . " " I think they have particular tension right now because the health bill failed , " he added . The stories about infighting " probably bother him some , " Mr. Gingrich said . " But do I think the White House ’re damaging to his    prospects ? I think they ’re noise Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the White House the White House 