On Friday ’s broadcast of CNN ’s " Wolf , " former Senator Mary Landrieu ( ) who is supporting Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , praised Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for coming to Louisiana during the floods there and " I hope Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will make her Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton down , I hope President Obama will make a visit . "   Landrieu was asked , " Does a visit by Donald Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is that helpful to raising awareness and money ? " She responded Landrieu " I think it is . And I want to thank Mr. Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to Louisiana . I think the governor ’s admonition about not using it as a press op is a good one , but he brought attention the governor’s our state , and we need that our , because , this disaster , Brianna , is far larger than people can appreciate on television . And if you could see it from a it ’s prospective , and look down all of south Louisiana , this is not just a Baton Rouge area event . Livingston Parish , Ascension Parish , to the south central part of our state , and southwest , all the way over to Calcasieu . This was a horrible rain event , and as you know , Louisiana drains about south Louisiana % of the entire United States . So , even when the rain does n’t sit over us like this did , even when it rains in this or Arkansas , we get the us . That ’s one thing I want people to understand , it ’s both a blessing and a burden to Landrieu have too us of it now , and it is really a serious disaster , and I it Secretary Clinton will make her way down , I hope President Obama will Secretary Clinton a visit . And we need all the attention and help we can get . " Landrieu pointed out that we Secretary Jeh Johnson has been on the ground in Louisiana and expressed confidence that the president ’s " number one team has been President Obama the beginning , and I hope he will get there as soon as he can . President Obama She further stated there are legitimate President Obama about whether Landrieu presidential visit would disrupt aid efforts in the area . She also stated that she hopes Trump stays longer Landrieu visits other areas Landrieu by flooding , leaves a contribution , and tells the country what he would do as president . She further expressed hope Trump both Trump and Clinton Landrieu discuss the issue of flood insurance Trump (   GOP War Room ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 