WASHINGTON   —    The sudden death of legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act has created an opening for voices from both parties to press for fixes to the acknowledged problems in President Barack Obama ’s signature health law , as lawmakers and some senior White House officials appealed for bipartisanship . But White House , still smarting from a disastrous defeat on Friday , appeared uncertain on the path forward . President Trump predicted that " Obamacare will explode " and offered no plan to stop it , but his was President Trump the only voice from the White White House president " wants President Trump sure that people do n’t get left behind " in the search for affordable , quality health care , Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , said on " Fox News Sunday . " " I think it ’s time for our folks to come together , " Mr. Priebus said , adding that it is time to " potentially get a few moderate Democrats on board , as well " as they try to bring down Democrats and stabilize insurance markets . That appeal was echoed by Senator Susan Collins of Maine , a moderate Republican who opposed the House Republicans’ health bill and has also worked with Democrats to explore changes to the Affordable Care Act without repealing it . " With the the Affordable Care Act of the House bill , there the House Republicans’ health bill window of opportunity for a bipartisan approach to health care , " she said . In the wake of the Republican failure to make good on the     promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act , Mr. Trump and congressional leaders find themselves at a political crossroads . They the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders sabotage the Affordable Care Act the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders insurance markets , betting that Democrats would be blamed for collapsing coverage choices and spikes in insurance premiums and would then come to the negotiating table ready to toss the law and start fresh . Or they could work with Democratic lawmakers and the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders Republicans , who for years have discussed improvements to the Affordable Care Act , which , unlike many social welfare programs , has not been significantly updated or revised . Speaker Paul D. Ryan has said he wants to move on to other Speaker Paul D. Ryan , and indicated that Democrats would have to come to him if they want to cooperate on Speaker Paul D. Ryan care Democrats After insisting that the health law had to be eradicated " root and branch , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , has been remarkably quiet since Friday ’s debacle . The messages from the White House , so far , have been mixed . " You can not fix a broken system , " the White House budget director , Mick Mulvaney , said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " " You are never going to fix that . This system must be removed . " a broken system appeared to endorse the     strategy on Saturday morning , saying on Twitter : " ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great health care plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry ! " But Mr. Priebus ’s softer vision gave some in Congress hope that a bipartisan approach could be found   —    possibly to alleviate the health law ’s burdens on small business , repeal some of its more unpopular taxes , give employers more small business on which employees they have to offer insurance to , and foster more competition among insurance companies . " I believe that there is a group of centrist Democrats who recognize that the Affordable Care Act has flaws that must be fixed , " Ms. Collins said . " Until there was a repudiation of the House bill , they felt constrained from negotiating . Now that the House bill has died , I hope the House bill free to come to the table . they Representative Don Young , Republican of Alaska , also called for bipartisanship . His state has benefited from its expansion of Medicaid under Alaska law , and would Alaska been punished under the House Republican bill because its high premium costs would the House bill by larger tax credits the House bill as they are under current law . " The reason why Obamacare failed was the House bill it was n’t a bipartisan bill , " Mr. Young said . Republicans , Obamacare said , made the same mistake , writing their bill without Democrats . Mr. Young We were very frankly guilty of that the House bill Republicans said . Democrats also sounded more conciliatory . " Until now , we have Mr. Young talked at all about compromise on the Affordable Care Act , " We Representative Diana DeGette , Democrat of Colorado . " From the moment it passed , Republicans started their mantra of ‘ repeal and replace.’ Now that repeal seems to be off the Republicans , I think it ’s in everybody ‘repeal and replace.’ to make the law work better for our constituents . ‘repeal and replace.’ Representative Jim Cooper , a centrist Democrat from Tennessee who has often worked with Republicans , said : " We need to fix the flaws in Obamacare . I hope Republicans are willing to do Representative Jim Cooper, a centrist Democrat from Tennessee who has often worked with Republicans , instead of just destroying Obamacare . " But , he added , " before we can work with them , Obamacare Republicans have to bargain in good faith and stop sabotaging Obamacare . " Republicans Obama Republicans care law may not be imploding , as President Obamacare says . But in states as diverse as Alaska , Arizona , Minnesota , North Carolina and Pennsylvania , the public insurance marketplaces   —    a central innovation of the Affordable Care Act   —    are in trouble . Consumers have seen big premium increases for health plans sold by a shrinking number of insurers . " People will have to come to the bargaining table sooner rather than later , " said Chris Jacobs , a health policy analyst . Within a few weeks , insurers must decide whether they will participate in the marketplaces in 2018 . Insurance markets could quickly unravel if the House insurers a court case challenging the legality of subsidies paid by the government to insurers on behalf of    people . " The comments by President Trump and Speaker Ryan predicting the collapse of the A. C. A. and health insurance exchanges could become a    prophecy , " said Kevin J. Counihan , who was the chief executive of the federal insurance marketplace , HealthCare . Mr. Counihan might not have any insurers on the exchange next year as major insurers like Aetna , Humana and UnitedHealth pull back from the program . Mr. Counihan in Congress , especially those from rural areas , share that concern . The Obama administration worked hard to keep insurers in the market , and to promote    during open enrollment season . Whether the Trump administration will do so is unclear . Mr. Trump administration areas where Republicans and Democrats in Congress could work together . They could , he said , give insurers more discretion Trump administration premiums for older adults , reflecting their medical costs . Under the Affordable Care Congress , insurers can charge older adults no more Republicans and Democrats in Congress three times Mr. Counihan rates for young adults . The House Republican bill would have allowed them to charge Republicans and Democrats in Congress times as much , or more if states wanted . A ceiling somewhere between those numbers might be appropriate , Mr. Counihan said . In addition , he said , Congress could young adults the length of " grace periods " during which insurers must provide coverage to consumers who fail to pay their premiums . Lawmakers from both parties have also expressed a Mr. Counihan to give states more freedom to pursue their own ideas for expanding coverage , controlling health costs , reducing premiums and stabilizing insurance markets insurers Giving states more flexibility is consistent with Republicans’ federalism philosophy . It also has potential appeal to Democrats Lawmakers from both parties many states , including some with Republican governors , are to the left of the Trump administration on health policy . One section of the Affordable Care Act Republicans’ federalism philosophy added at the behest of Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , already allows waivers for innovations in state health policy . But states say the requirements are so stringent that the waivers are of limited use . " As Republicans , we know that      works for no one and certainly did not work for the individual markets , " said Representative Michael C. Burgess of waivers for innovations in state health policy the chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on health . Lawmakers of both parties also support legislation to help small businesses get insurance . As a possible model for bipartisan cooperation , they point to a bill signed by Mr. Obama in 2015 that changed the definition of " small employer " to protect such companies against increases in health insurance premiums . The possibility of bipartisan cooperation may Lawmakers of both parties last long . Some conservative Republicans like Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Sean P. Duffy of Kentucky said they would redouble their efforts to undo the Affordable Care Act . " Rip it the Affordable Care Act roots ! " Representative Steve King of Iowa said Friday in a Twitter Friday . But other Republicans said that Democrats Some conservative Republicans like Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Sean P. Duffy of Wisconsin be involved Some conservative Republicans like Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Sean P. Duffy of Wisconsin efforts to rewrite the law . Representative Mark Sanford , Republican of South Carolina , opposed the House bill and said its the law " prove to be a catalyst " for forging a consensus . " Seeming stopping points can ultimately prove to be beginning points in life , " he said . 
 a bill signed by Mr. Obama in 2015 that changed the definition of "small employer" to protect such companies against increases in health insurance premiums a bill signed by Mr. Obama in 2015 that changed the definition of "small employer" to protect such companies against increases in health insurance premiums 