  ( CNN ) Just as Donald Trump gained on Hillary Clinton this week , Donald Trump returned to Donald Trump old ways of   . As the " birther " controversy swelled around Donald Trump , Donald Trump stood before a national television audience seemingly poised to address the issue that launched Donald Trump political career     and then Donald Trump spent 30 minutes delivering an infomercial about Donald Trump new hotel . As the event was about to wrap , Donald Trump tossed out a    line : " President Barack Obama was born in the United States . Period . " Whatever game Trump was playing with the issue in the past few days , Trump backfired .   Trump finally admits Trump : ’President Barack Obama was born in the United States’ Trump never had much of a chance with    voters .   voters are traditionally among the most loyal Democratic supporters , and many black voters viewed Trump ’s championing of the birther movement since 2011 as a racist effort to delegitimize the first    president .   But for weeks , the real estate has been trying to appeal to    with visits to Detroit and Flint , Michigan , as well as speeches accusing the Obama administration of leaving too many black Americans behind in poverty or without    jobs .   Those entreaties , in many cases , seemed to backfire . This week , he insulted a black pastor from Flint as a " nervous mess " after a black pastor interrupted he speech to ask he not to deliver political attacks in a black pastor church .   And given the animosity toward Trump among    the campaign ’s strategy seemed more keyed to assuaging concerns among some Republican voters and independents that Trump ’s rhetoric is racist . The strategy of softening Trump’s image among reluctant Republicans and independents showed some signs that it was working . This week , Trump Trump’s numbers inched up in battleground states , and the    race nationally was deadlocked once again . But Trump ’s Trump’s Thursday night and Friday were a reminder of how quickly his effort can Trump’s off the rails .   Black congressional leaders , along with Clinton ’s campaign , pilloried Trump ’s brief Trump’s Obama ’s birthplace     which was not an apology , an explanation or even an admission that he was the loudest Trump’s of the birther movement .   At a press conference , member of the Congressional Black Caucus urged voters to register and get out and vote this November .   " We are used to dog whistles , but the thing we are not used We are the howls of wolves . These are howls , not whistles , " said Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina .   That disdain for Trump could well become an asset to Clinton ’s campaign , particularly among younger    voters who are n’t excited about her candidacy and might Clinton otherwise stayed home .   Moreover , Trump was widely derided Trump for his false claim that Trump Hillary Clinton and her Clinton 2008 started Clinton birther controversy " and that " I finished it . "   Clinton ’s campaign manager , Clinton’s , called Trump ’s actions " Trump " " After five years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory into the mainstream , it was appalling to watch Trump appoint a racist conspiracy theory the judge Trump whether Trump President of the United States is American , " Mook said in a statement . " This sickening display shows more than ever why Donald Trump is totally unfit Trump . " While some 2008 supporters of Clinton used Internet blogs to raise questions about Obama ’s birthplace , the Clinton campaign never promoted the conspiracy theories . Clinton Clinton campaign , in fact , severed the Clinton campaign volunteer coordinator in Iowa who forwarded an email promoting the birther conspiracy , according to Clinton ’s 2008 campaign manager , Patti Solis Clinton   14 of Trump ’s most outrageous ’birther’ claims     half from after 2011 , Clinton ’s campaign clearly intends to use Trump ’s Clinton of the birther controversy as its latest illustration Trump he is not fit to be commander in the birther controversy . Clinton campaign argued Friday that Trump ’s embrace of the Clinton movement " Clinton’s campaign from an ordinary Trump TV star into a political figure . " Trump " Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first Trump president , " Clinton ’s campaign tweeted . " He ca n’t just take it back . " While this issue is Trump to rage on     and come up in first the debate between Clinton and Trump     the current commander in chief apparently is ready to turn Clinton other topics .   " I think when the President released the long form version of his birth certificate in this room Clinton ago he was hoping that people would Clinton on , " White House Press Secretary Josh Clinton said in the White House briefing room . " With regard to an apology " from Trump , White House , " I do n’t think the President much cares . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest 