At a Tuesday editorial meeting , CNN president Jeff Zucker exploded on now former CNN contributor Donna Brazile for the " unethical " and " disgusting " secret collusion with the Clinton campaign that got former CNN contributor Donna Brazile fired as a CNN contributor , an insider reports . [ According to someone familiar with a Tuesday editorial meeting , Zucker CNN president Jeff Zucker CNN CNN that Brazile Donna Brazile with the Clinton camp Clinton hurts all of us . " he went Donna Brazile to add , " I have no tolerance for her behavior Donna Brazile that kind of behavior , " Huffington Post reported .   Brazile ’s Donna Brazile was revealed by documents published by WikiLeaks showing the former CNN analyst and then vice chair of the Democrat National Committee had been quietly communicating with Hillary ’s staffers to supply them with questions Hillary’s staffers would be asked of the candidates at some of the Democrat primary debates and CNN town hall CNN . In one of the emails Brazile sent to the Clinton campaign she noted , Hillary From time to time I get the questions in advance . " After several such documents were made public , CNN eventually cut CNN with the now Democrat National Committee chair . In an October 31 statement , CNN lamented , CNN We are completely CNN with what we have learned CNN her interactions with Hillary Clinton campaign while she was a Hillary contributor . CNN The behind the scenes collusion was so blatant it drove GOP The Donald Trump to say he would be GOP nominee Donald Trump " to the electric chair " if he had been GOP nominee Donald Trump cheating so obviously . However , despite the revelations and the lack of any evidence that the emails revealing Brazile ’s actions are false , the DNC operative has continued to deny the charge of collusion . Despite being fired by CNN , in an interview with Fox News , Brazile even insisted Brazile " [ A]s far as I know , that , CNN has never CNN me with questions , absolutely , ever . " Brazile also hyperbolically Brazile that any questions about her behavior is Brazile " Christian persecution . " And even after the latest revelations , Brazile tried to Brazile the discussion by criticizing the source of the leaked documents and disparaging them as " the leaked documents " in an effort to discredit the actual charge that she supplied the Brazile campaign with insider information . I did not expect to come out of this unscathed . But I am surprised at the amount of scathing based on stolen hacked emails .   —    Donna Brazile ( @donnabrazile ) November 1 , 2016 , None of these denials , though , seem to square with Jeff Zucker ’s criticism of Brazile or the —   Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) that CNN has cut all ties with her . Follow —   Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 