’   ’ ’    The campaign airplane of Republican    nominee    Mike Pence slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York    City on Thursday night . ’ ’    Emergency crews responded to the incident , which occurred during    heavy rain . Journalists aboard the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York   City quickly tweeted that    there were no injuries . ’ ’    " The governor himself came to the back of the the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York   City make sure    everyone    OK , " Elizabeth Landers , a CNN producer who was on    the    the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York   City on CNN . ’ CNN    The airport was closed for a time , according to . Some    arriving flights were being diverted to John F. Kennedy    International Airport in New York City , while at least one flight    was diverted to Philadelphia and another to Allentown ,    Pennsylvania . ’ "      people were aboard the plane , according to New    York ’s . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSo thankful everyone on our plane is the plane Grateful for our first responders & our concern & prayers of so many . Back on the trail tomorrow ! ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’Pence arrives at NYC hotel ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTarmac damage after Pence plane skids off runway at LGA   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tMike Pence ’s plane skids off runway at New York City ’s LaGuardia Airport , prompting airport ’s closure .    " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThe   airplane , upon landing , ran off the runway at LaGuardia airport . Everyone is    no injuries .    ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t**Everyone is okay , including the candidate     but the Pence campaign plane slid off runway upon landing at LaGuardia   ’ ’    A spokeswoman for Donald Trump said Trump called Pence from Donald Trump    after the incident and was " very glad everyone on board the plane    is safe , " . ’ ’    Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee ,   to Pence late Thursday night Pence saying    " Glad to hear Mike Pence , his staff , Secret Service , and the crew    are all safe . " ’ ’    Pence was campaigning for Pence in Iowa on Thursday . He is    scheduled to campaign in Pennsylvania and North Carolina on    Friday . ’    