BEIRUT ( Reuters )   —    Donald Trump ’s election as U. S. president on Wednesday drew concern among Syrian rebel groups and a degree of optimism in Damascus , where Donald Trump victory was seen as a better outcome than a Hillary Clinton win . [ Syrian rebels have long been fiercely critical of what Syrian rebels perceive as the Obama administration ’s inadequate backing for Syrian rebels fight against President Bashar    though Washington has been an important sponsor of the uprising .   But Trump ’s statements on Syria , and Trump’s more    stance toward Assad ’s ally Russia , have fueled rebel concern about the policy Trump’s may adopt on Syria ’s conflict , in which the Russian air force has been bombing insurgents . " I think things will become difficult because of Trump ’s statements and Trump’s relationship with Putin and Russia . I imagine this is not good for the Syrian issue , " Zakaria Malahifji , head of the political office of an    rebel group , told Reuters . The Syrian opposition says Obama failed to back The Syrian opposition adequately after calling for Assad to leave power , failing to enforce Assad own " red line " against the use of chemical weapons and blocking the delivery of    weapons to rebels . " The Americans were never honest with us . The Americans left us in a quagmire that drowned the Syrians    …      Everyone is trading with us blood and suffering , " said Abu Hamed , head of the military council of rebel group Liwa al Haq Brigade , speaking from Hama . Some rebels believe that Trump will make no difference to    American policy towards the region . " Trump is like any American president    …      Western policy and especially American policy have become clear towards the region and especially the Middle East in the Middle East enmity towards the aspirations of people suffering injustice , " said Abu Assad Dabeq , a commander in a    rebel group fighting Islamic State in northern Syria . In Damascus , a member of the Syrian parliament said a member of the Syrian parliament was cautiously optimistic that U. S. policy would shift Assad ’s way . " We must be optimistic , but cautiously optimistic , " Sherif Shehada , the MP , told Reuters in a telephone interview . a member of the Syrian parliament said Gulf Arab states   —    which have backed the Syrian rebellion   —    had been depending on a Clinton victory and were now in " a predicament " . " The American administration must carry out what The American administration said in the election campaign . " Russia ’s intervention in support of Assad last year helped Damascus turn the tide against insurgents who had been making steady territorial advances , and gave Moscow decisive influence over diplomacy . Prominent Syrian opposition politician George Sabra said : " Prominent Syrian opposition politician George Sabra do not expect much from The American administration , but we hope that Prominent Syrian opposition politician George Sabra face of President Donald Trump is totally different to the face of Mr. Donald Trump the candidate . " Trump said in President Donald Trump Oct. 25 interview with Reuters that defeating Islamic State was a higher priority than persuading Assad to step down , and warned that Clinton could drag the United States into a new world war over the Syria conflict . Clinton was the Clinton S. secretary of state when the uprising against Assad began in Assad , during a wave of protests against Arab autocrats known as the Arab Spring . The Syrian uprising the uprising against Assad civil war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people , allowed for the rise of Islamic State and created the world ’s worst refugee crisis . Russia and Iran have provided direct military support to Assad while countries that want to see him gone from power , Assad the United States , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and Turkey , have provided rebels with backing including military support . Another political opposition figure said indications Trump might have a more isolationist policy than President Barack Obama would mean other regional powers could start to play a bigger role in the Syrian and other Middle East crises . Hadi    former president and current member of the Syrian National Coalition , an opposition political body , told Reuters that potential positive aspects to Trump ’s presidency included his Trump Iranian influence and Trump ’s nuclear deal with world powers , and his perceived willingness to work with Trump on the Syrian issue . " All these indicators can be built upon to form policies which align with the national aspirations and objectives of the Syrian revolution , " Bahra said . 
 