From the earliest days of Donald J. Trump campaign , Donald J. Trump made keeping manufacturing jobs in the United States Donald J. Trump signature economic issue , and the decision by Carrier , the big    company , to move over 2 , 000 of Carrier, the big   company from Indiana to Mexico was a    talking point for Donald J. Trump on the stump . On Thursday , Mr. Trump and Mike Pence , Indiana ’s governor and the vice    plan to appear at Carrier ’s Indianapolis factory to announce a deal with Indiana to keep roughly 1 , 000 jobs in the state , according to officials with the transition team as well as Carrier . Mr. Trump will be    to alter the economic forces that have hammered the Rust Belt for decades , but forcing Carrier Carrier’s its Carrier’s company , United Technologies , to reverse course is a powerful tactical strike that will hearten his Mr. Trump even before he Mr. Trump office . " I ’m ready for him Mr. Trump come , " said Robin Maynard , a    veteran of Carrier Carrier’s builds    furnaces and earns almost $ 24 an hour . " Now I can put my daughter through college without having to look for another job . " It also signals that Mr. Trump is a different kind of Republican , willing to take on big business , at least in individual cases . And just as only a confirmed    like Richard Nixon could go to China , so only a businessman like Mr. Mr. Trump take on corporate America without being called a Bernie    socialist . If Barack Obama had tried the same maneuver , he ’d Barack Obama have drawn criticism for intervening in the free market . In exchange for keeping the factory running in Indianapolis , Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence are expected to reiterate their campaign Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence to be friendlier to businesses by easing regulations and overhauling the corporate tax code , according to a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump . The state of Indiana also plans to give economic incentives to Carrier as part of the deal to stay , according to local officials . The message from Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the Carrier workers   Carrier    keeping manufacturing jobs in the United States after decades of losses to overseas factories and automation   —    resonated throughout the Rust Belt . That promise , plus his opposition to pacts like the North American Free Trade Agreement , were key reasons he was able his edge out Hillary Clinton in states like Pennsylvania , Michigan and Wisconsin . Political symbolism aside , saving 1 , 000 Carrier jobs does n’t loom so large in an economy that ’s created an average of 181 , 000 jobs a month this year , noted Jared Bernstein , a liberal economist who served as adviser in the Obama administration Trump administration 2011 . Still , he confessed a grudging admiration for Mr. Trump ’s political jujitsu . " If I were n’t so scared of the damage a Trump administration might do , I ’d find it refreshing to see an administration fighting for factory jobs like this , " he said . " That he , no one should confuse what Trump is doing here with Mr. Trump economic policy . " Over the long term , and for less prominent firms , the temptation to move to cheaper locales for manufacturing will stay great , said Robert Reich , a prominent liberal Democrat who served as secretary of labor in the Clinton administration . " Memories are short but the economic fundamentals remain the same , " he said . " Wall Robert Reich, a prominent liberal Democrat who served as secretary of labor in the Clinton administration is breathing down companies’ necks to cut costs , and the labor savings in Mexico is too great . " Mr. Trump first announced he was talking to Carrier Mr. Trump Thanksgiving Day via Twitter , which the company quickly confirmed . Carrier have continued this week , and with a tentative deal in hand on Tuesday , transition officials scheduled Mr. Trump ’s and Mr. Mr. Trump visit to Indianapolis . " I did n’t think it would be this quick , " Mr. Maynard said . While the standoff loomed large in the lives of its employees in Indiana , for United this the forgone savings is tiny   —    equivalent to about 2 cents per share in earnings . " Every penny counts , but if we step back and I ’m looking at earnings of $ 6 . 60 per share this year , 2 cents is an easy concession if the    listens to some of the company ’s bigger concerns , " Carrier Rubel , a senior equity analyst with Jefferies , an investment banking firm in New York . When Carrier announced in February that the two Indiana factories would be closing , it did offer benefits to employees facing layoffs Carrier including paying for them to go back to school and retrain employees facing layoffs other careers . Even with that , however , once the layoffs were to begin in    most of the workers would have had a hard time finding jobs that paid anywhere near the $ 20 to $ 25 an hour that veteran line workers earn . Carrier is best known for its    but it also sells a variety Carrier other heating Carrier cooling equipment for homes and businesses , like the gas furnaces and fan coils for electric furnaces made at the Indianapolis factory . The jobs in Indiana Mr. Trump has referred to are in two separate sites   —    the Carrier plant in Indianapolis , with 1 , 400 employees , Indianapolis a United Technologies factory in Huntington , Ind. with 700 . While Carrier will forfeit some $ 65 million a year in savings the move was supposed to generate , that ’s a small price to pay to avoid the public relations damage from moving the jobs as well as a possible threat to United Technologies’    military contracting business . Roughly 10 percent of United Technologies’ $ 56 billion in revenue comes United Technologies’ federal government the Pentagon is its single largest customer . With $ 4 billion the Pentagon profit last year , the company has the flexibility to find the savings the Pentagon Members of Congress have been pressing to punish big military contractors if they move jobs outside the United States . Many industrial Members of Congress face intense pressure from Wall Street to increase profits , even when the economy grows slowly   —    a major reason United Technologies decided to move . That wo n’t change after Mr. Trump takes office   —    especially when hourly pay in the Indianapolis plant is equivalent to what workers in Mexico make in a day . " This is a spot solution , " said Mohan Tatikonda , a professor at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University . " If it goes through it helps some Carrier employees for a period of time it but it does n’t address the loss of manufacturing jobs to it change , which will continue . " 
 