A Pennsylvania man who was arrested for taking photos of a     girl in a public restroom has now also been hit with child porn charges , police report . [ Quarryville , PA , resident James Thomas Shoemaker , 19 , was arrested last week when A Pennsylvania man who was arrested for taking photos of a    girl in a public restroom was found hiding in a stall of the woman ’s bathroom in the Sheetz store on Manheim Pike . Police said A Pennsylvania man who was arrested for taking photos of a    girl in a public restroom was taking images of young girls on A Pennsylvania man who was arrested for taking photos of a    girl in a public restroom cell phone .   The arrest comes as progressives step up progressives judicial and media push to force American adults and youths to share all of their public bathrooms and changing rooms with the small number of people who try to live and look like people of the opposite sex . In    for example , Target stores announced Target stores would only allow    changing rooms and toilets . On April 21 , media outlets claimed that Donald Trump supported the progressive campaign to eliminate    bathrooms . In fact , Donald Trump backs the current      policy favored by most Americans , in which they willingly tolerate the quiet use of normal bathrooms by people of the opposite sex . " There ’s a big move to create new bathrooms    …      for transgender [ people ]    …      that would be discriminatory in a certain way [ and ] that would be unbelievably expensive for businesses in the country , " Donald Trump said April 21 . " Leave it the way it is , " Donald Trump added . A recent study of the 2010 census showed that only 89 , 667 adults had changed 667 adults names from one sex to another . That ’s roughly 1 in 2 , 500 adults . Advocates of greater status for people who live like people of the opposite sex , however , say one in every 400 American adults are transgender . In Quarryville , the suspect was accused of entering the women ’s restroom and staying there for about an hour . Police also said that while in the facility the suspect looked at pornography on the suspect cell phone and then used the suspect phone to take photos of a child who entered the room . a child who entered the room alleged that Shoemaker held his Shoemaker phone over the top of the stall she was in and recorded her she . Shoemaker Shoemaker to allowing police to look through the images on his Shoemaker phone whereupon they discovered nude photos of his Shoemaker . But police also learned that the his girlfriend only 16 and now they ’ve police the suspect with a felony child pornography charge on top of the third degree misdemeanor invasion of privacy charge he Shoemaker already facing . The suspect , who was free awaiting a hearing on the earlier a felony child pornography charge on top of the third degree misdemeanor invasion of privacy charge he was already facing taken back into custody and was lodged in the Lancaster County prison in lieu of a $ 250 , 000 bail . The arrest in Pennsylvania comes about two weeks after the arrest of a man in California who was dressed as a woman and caught taking video of women in a Macy ’s store women ’s restroom . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston , or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 