  ( CNN ) The Sean Spicer I know has a great sense of humor and an easy laugh .    Let ’s hope these came in handy when The Sean Spicer watched Melissa McCarthy parody the White House spokesman on " Saturday Night Live " over the weekend .    We all know The Sean Spicer    humorless boss , President Donald Trump , has not taken kindly to SNL ’s countless spoofs , complaining on Twitter that SNL is " unwatchable , " " totally biased " and " not funny . " The Sean Spicer ’s also said that Alec Baldwin ’s impersonation " just ca n’t get any worse . " I happen to largely agree with that assessment . " SNL " has taken to merely mimicking Trump and Trump antics through Alec Baldwin’s , rather than cleverly satirizing Trump . Despite plenty of material to work with , thus far , the    era has been , well , boring and predictable .    Until this weekend , that is . The difference between the usual Trump spoofs and McCarthy ’s take on Spicer is that Spicer was actually hilarious .     A    McCarthy plays on Spicer ’s rocky start at the White House     A   McCarthy oratorical stumbles , A   McCarthy new ,    scorn for critical press , A   McCarthy equally Trumpian       with a    ear for A   McCarthy tics and tone .     Exaggerating a White House spokesman might sound like     kind of humor that average viewers wo n’t appreciate or find funny . But in the theatrical ,    era of Trump , everyone around    is a character , too . And in this case , " SNL " writers did n’t just mimic Spicer , SNL" writers encapsulated a far bigger story : this is what it looks like when a normal , professional political operative becomes Trumpified . And if you did n’t laugh out loud , you may have Trump ’s    disorder . But will Spicer follow Spicer boss ’s lead , tweeting out how unfunny " SNL " is , or telling reporters that the show is biased and unwatchable ? Not if Spicer ’s smart , Spicer wo n’t .    If an " SNL " spoof is funny , there ’s only one way for the spoofee to handle the spoofee     embrace the spoofee . At his next press briefing ( Monday ’s was called off ) where his will undoubtedly be asked about the spoofee , his should laugh the spoofee off , say his was flattered , and then make a joke at his own expense . his already took a crack at this approach in an interview with Extra on Sunday , telling AJ Calloway that McCarthy " could dial back " a bit , but also managing to call the show " funny . "    If his can keep this up , his ’d be following a long tradition of politicos taking parody in stride .    In 1995 , House Republicans invited Chris Farley , who ’d been impersonating Speaker Newt Gingrich on " SNL , " to impersonate his to his face at the conference meeting while Gingrich laughed along .    After spoofing George H. W. Bush for four years , Dana Carvey was invited to the White House to meet Dana Carvey . After George H. W. Bush lost to Bill Clinton , George H. W. Bush had Dana Carvey come cheer up George H. W. Bush staff .    In October of 2008 , after Tina Fey spent weeks perfectly portraying then Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin appeared on " SNL " alongside Fey and Alec Baldwin , who " mistakes " Tina Fey for Fey     his former 30 Rock       and asks how Tina Fey could appear on the show with the real Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , " that horrible woman . "    But that was all BT     Before Trump . I know dozens of people in Trump new administration and many have become more like Trump , at least outwardly . dozens of people in his new administration and many ’ve become defensive ,    and aggressive , and dozens of people in his new administration and many ’ve adopted Trump rhetorical penchant for hyperbole , bombast and   . They dozens of people in his new administration and many things publicly that I know they dozens of people in his new administration and many would have said before . It seems like they dozens of people in his new administration and many playing a part in a new Trump Trump show .   I would n’t be surprised if Spicer reverts to Trump Trump of humor toward unflattering satire , just to stick to script .   But that would make it infinitely worse . It ’s it problematic that the credibility of the White House and its staff the White House being lampooned only two weeks into the job . With the elevation of Trump political Trump Steve Bannon , some are wondering who are the cooler heads and saner voices surrounding the president .   If the White the White House allay these fears     and perhaps they do not     the White House should be his cooler , saner    Spicer    self , and play along with McCarthy ’s performance . Otherwise , the notion that Trump ’s White House ca n’t take a joke gets a lot more serious . 
 