Washington ( CNN ) The West Wing has been churning out news    since President Donald Trump took office , but The West Wing has quite literally remained dark .   It ’s The West Wing 12 days since the last public sighting of first lady Melania Trump , who had been planning on splitting her time between Washington and New York , where the couple ’s son , Barron , is completing the school year . And when a solemn scene unfolded Wednesday afternoon as Trump boarded Marine One to pay his respects to a fallen service member ’s family in Delaware , he was his by first daughter , Ivanka     a reminder that she is his closest his in Washington . Melania Trump Trump public appearance was on January 21 , when she went to Trump      prayer service at Washington ’s National Washington The next day , which coincided with the couple ’s 12th wedding anniversary , Melania Trump returned Trump York City , Barron in tow .   A spokeswoman for the first lady told CNN Trump would be returning to Trump Tower     temporarily .   " The first lady thanks everyone the first lady and a beautiful welcome to everyone . She is returning to New York in the first lady of the school week and will be splitting her time between Washington and New York the first lady the next Washington weeks New York the spokeswoman said .   She has not been back to DC the first lady . Despite this , a spokeswoman for the first lady knocked down recent reports the first lady Trump would not be moving to Washington at all . " That report is not Washington , " the spokeswoman said .   Later Wednesday , Stephanie Winston a spokeswoman for the first lady acting as senior adviser to the first lady , confirmed Melania Trump will move the first lady " Mrs. Trump will be moving the Melania Trump and Washington in to the White House the Melania Trump end of DC school year , splitting her time between New York and DC in the meantime , " she said . the Melania Trump Mrs. Trump DC honored to serve this country and is taking the Melania Trump role and responsibilities the Melania Trump lady very seriously . It has only been a short time since the inauguration and the first lady is going to go about her role in a pragmatic and thoughtful way first lady and authentic to her . "   first lady for now , without a    first lady , the typical duties of first lady part of the White House machine are at a veritable standstill . On Wednesday evening , the first lady ’s office shifted into a more active gear , announcing the hiring of Lindsay Reynolds first lady director of the White House Visitor ’s Office during the George W. Bush administration , to be Trump ’s chief of staff . " I am putting together a professional and    team which will take time to do properly . I am excited to be organizing and bringing together such a dynamic and forward thinking group of individuals who will work together to make our country better for everyone , " Trump said in a statement . But the first lady largely has n’t filled out a staff , including a communications Trump and social secretary . Trump also Trump announced a platform of official causes , a social schedule of events , nor her Washington calendar . Trump On Monday night , paparazzi caught the first lady and Barron " running errands " in New York Trump . Melania Trump , in a    coat and signature    high heels , and Barron , were ferried around Manhattan by a Secret Service detail .   During the transition , the President told reporters said his wife and youngest son would join him " very soon . Right after he finishes school . " And in an interview the President New York Times last week , the President said that Melania and Barron , the President , would be at the White House on weekends . The White House declined a CNN request for comment on the first lady ’s whereabouts . But sources inside Pennsylvania Avenue said Melania the White House been seen at the White House since inaugural weekend .   She is expected to join her husband at Trump weekend , a White House official confirmed Wednesday the White House missing ? The Trump lady ’s staff . Trump With spots open for at least    inaugural weekend positions     the White House social office to the communications team and public outreach the first lady’s zero officials hires . Melania Trump has been actively been conducting interviews for staffing posts over the past several weeks , though , and some names have been Trump   Melania Trump made few public appearances on the campaign trail . She did deliver a    speech at the Republican National Convention in August , Trump quickly enveloped in controversy when it was discovered she plagiarized Trump of her speech from Michelle Obama .   But her speech also provided a rare insight into her relationship with the President : Trump He is tough Trump he a performance to be , but he Trump also kind and fair and caring . Trump her speech from Michelle Obama not always noted , but it is there for all to see . That the President one reason I the President in love with him to the President with , " she had said in Cleveland .   She also defended her husband to This kindness ’s Anderson Cooper when the Access Hollywood tapes were released , calling Trump " boy talk the President " " Trump said to Trump husband that , you know , the language was inappropriate . It ’s not acceptable . And I was surprised , because that is not the man that I know , " she said in her husband " I accept his apology . I hope the American people the language accept it as well . And it was many Trump many years ago . He ’s not the man that I know . " 
 her husband her husband his apology his apology 