  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump met Wednesday for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump final debate , and CNN ’s Reality Check Team spent the night analyzing Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump claims .   The team of reporters , researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the debate and selected key statements from both candidates , rating key statements from both candidates true mostly true true , but misleading false or it ’s complicated .   Supreme Court , Reality Check : Trump on Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s remarks , By Kate Grise , CNN , Trump on called out the Supreme Court justice for Ruth Bader Ginsburg criticism of Trump on candidacy . " Something happened recently where Ruth Bader Ginsburg Ruth Bader Ginsburg some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people , many , many millions of people that I represent and she Ruth Bader Ginsburg forced to apologize , " he Ruth Bader Ginsburg . " And apologize she Ruth Bader Ginsburg . But these were statements that should never , ever have been made . " Reality Check Quick Takes : Have allegations against Trump been debunked ? Ginsburg Ruth Bader Ginsburg Trump Trump " faker " in a July 11 interview with CNN . " He Trump no consistency about him Trump He Trump whatever comes into his Trump at the moment , " Ginsburg Ruth Bader Ginsburg . " He Ruth Bader Ginsburg has an ego . .. How has he Ruth Bader Ginsburg away with not turning over his Ruth Bader Ginsburg returns ? The The Associated Press to be very gentle with him Ruth Bader Ginsburg that . " " At first I thought it was funny , " she Ruth Bader Ginsburg . " To think that there ’s a possibility that he Ruth Bader Ginsburg be president . " Early that same week , Ginsburg Ruth Bader Ginsburg told The Associated Press that if Trump won the presidency , " I do n’t want to think about that possibility , but if it should be , then everything is up for grabs . " She Ruth Bader Ginsburg told The New York Times , " I ca n’t imagine what this place would be     I ca n’t imagine what the country would be     with Donald Trump Trump president . For the country , the country be four years . For the court , it could be     it do n’t even want to contemplate that . " Ginsburg later said she regretted the remarks Ginsburg " On reflection , my recent remarks in response to press inquiries were    and I regret making them , " Ginsburg press inquiries in a Ginsburg . " Judges should avoid commenting on a candidate for public office . In the future , I will be more circumspect . " We rate Trump ’s claim true . Reality Check : Trump justices would overrule Roe v. Wade ’automatically’ By Steve Vladeck , CNN , Trump ’s claim that the Supreme Court ’s decision in Roe v. Wade would be overruled by justices he would appoint to Trump Supreme Court " the Supreme Court’s belied by history . Although Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush appointed justices who they believed would overrule the 1973 decision recognizing a woman ’s constitutional right to choose an abortion , three of those appointees     Justices Sandra Day O’Connor , Anthony Kennedy and David Souter     famously voted to preserve the Roe decision in 1992 . the 1973 decision recognizing a woman President Trump were only to appoint " " justices , there is simply no way to ensure that any particular decision , including Roe , would be " automatically " overruled . Verdict : False . Immigration , Reality Check : Clinton ’fought for the wall,’ Trump claims , By Theodore Schleifer , CNN , Trump thundered that Clinton " fought for the a President Trump in 2006 . " Clinton did indeed support a border barrier in Clinton     she voted for George W. Bush ’s Secure Clinton Act , which paved the way for 700 miles of security along the southern border . But as the name implies , it was a " fence , " not a wall . It ’s unclear if that is still an it campaign position . Her position on immigration reform , as listed Clinton her website , says close to little about Clinton she would secure the border . Confronted by Clinton anchor Jorge the southern border the difference about her position and Trump ’s , Clinton said Clinton January . " We do Clinton to have secure borders , and what that will take is a combination of technology and physical barriers , " she told him . " But you want Clinton wall Clinton then , " Ramos replied . " I voted for border security Jorge Ramos and some of it was a fence , I do n’t think border security     ever called it a wall , " she replied , before border security     : " Maybe Clinton some cases it was a wall . " The difference is border security     semantic     both are physical barriers that prevent people from crossing . But Trump is n’t entirely accurate . Verdict : True , but misleading . Reality Check : Clinton says undocumented workers pay more income tax than Trump , By Amy Gallagher , CNN , Talking Trump taxes , Clinton again maligned Trump for not paying income tax Clinton went on Trump " half of all immigrants , undocumented immigrants in our country actually pay federal income tax . We have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire . " Is this true ? According to CNN ’s own reporting based on government statistics , undocumented CNN do pay taxes , both payroll taxes , such as social security tax and income tax . In fact , the government itself found that " 50 % to 75 % of the about 11 million unauthorized US immigrants file and pay income taxes each year . "    So the first part of her claim is true , and might even be an understatement . From the little we ’ve seen of Trump ’s tax returns , it appears possible that he has paid no income taxes since 1995 . He Trump n’t denied the specific accusation , though he Trump it clear that he pays other kinds of Trump .    Given what Trump know , we ’ll rate Clinton ’s claim true . Syrian refugees , Reality Check : Trump says Obama admitted thousands of Syrians , By Laura Koran , CNN , Trump claimed that President Barack Obama has admitted " thousands Trump thousands " Obama adding , " they have no idea where they come from . " Let ’s break this claim down . they Obama administration amended its refugee quotas for the 2016 fiscal year in Obama to the The Obama administration migrant crisis , paving the way for at least 10 , 000 Syrian refugees into the US . They ended the fiscal year at the end of September having admitted at least 10, 000 Syrian refugees into the US than 12 , 500 Syrians as part of this increase . The administration called for a further increase in the overall refugee admissions The Obama administration the 2017 fiscal year , from 85 , 000 to 110 , 000 . Officials have not offered a specific goal for Syrians , but plan to admit 40 , 000 refugees from the geographic region that includes Syria . There is also an " unallocated reserve " of 14 , 000 the administration can use to adjust admissions for populations facing the greatest need The Obama administration this administration ( or more likely the next one ) could use to increase the number of Syrians . The second part of Trump ’s claim suggests the US does not Syrians the identities of the refugees who are entering the country . Administration officials have called the vetting process for refugees " the the US " applied to any group of people entering the country . The process includes biometric and biographical checks involving officials from the State the US the Department the vetting process for refugees Security , the Defense Department , the National Counterterrorism Center and the FBI . The process is made more complicated by the fact that the administration does n’t have a diplomatic the vetting process for refugees the Syrian government and therefore is n’t able to verify some details about applicants on the ground . Obama ’s own FBI director , James Comey , acknowledged the issue , saying last year , " If someone has the FBI made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest reflected in our database , we can query our database until the cows come home , their there will be nothing show up because we have our database of them . " But officials involved in the process insist the vetting process is our holistic one , and the cows interagency team takes advantage of a host of tools the process identities and their suitability to be relocated to the US . Verdict : The first part of Trump ’s claim is true . applicants’ identities Obama administration has already admitted well over 10 , 000 Syrian refugees and has put forward a plan that would allow for the admission of thousands more . The second part of his claim is false . Refugees undergo a vetting process that can take over 12 months to verify their identities . Guns , Reality Check : Trump and Clinton on Second Amendment , By Lisa Rose , CNN , Refugees a discussion about gun rights and the Trump Court , Trump said the Supreme Court’s nominate justices who would " dismantle " Trump Second Clinton . To illustrate his point , he referenced comments Clinton and her advisers have made about a landmark case that overturned Clinton handgun Clinton in Washington , DC . his claimed Clinton was " upset " by the D. C. v. Trump decision Clinton which reinforced the right for individuals to own firearms but included the caveat that gun rights are n’t absolute . Clinton responded that she was upset about one portion of the    Clinton , which Clinton Washington ’s handgun ban and its safe storage law , requiring firearms to be kept in safes or locked boxes to prevent accidents Washington, DC " I disagreed with Washington’s way the court applied the Second Amendment in that the Supreme Court’s " said Clinton . " Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do Clinton to the Second Amendment getting guns . They wanted people with guns to safely store them and the court did not accept that reasonable regulation . the Supreme Court’s Clinton said she objected to one "Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from getting guns sliver of the D. C. v. Heller people with guns during Clinton debate , she expressed broader opposition to the ruling in a Bloomberg Politics article published last Clinton . " Clinton believes Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the Clinton the   ruling common sense laws to keep their residents safe , like safe storage laws the D. C. v. Heller prevent toddlers from accessing guns , " said Maya Harris , a policy adviser to Clinton , in a statement emailed to Bloomberg . " In overturning Washington DC Clinton safe storage law , Clinton worries that Heller may open the door to overturning thoughtful , common sense Clinton measures in the future . " In a recording leaked from a private fundraiser last year the D. C. v. Heller Clinton said , more broadly , " The Supreme Court is wrong on the Clinton Amendment " the Supreme Court’s the last year    Because Clinton has said that she thought the high court erred in D. C. v. Heller , Clinton rate the Second Amendment We rate Clinton ’s claim as true , but misleading . During the Trump she said she opposed one part Clinton’s ruling but the D. C. v. Heller she feels the whole case Clinton wrongly Clinton . Reality Check : Trump on Chicago Clinton gun laws , Clinton Sonam Vashi , the debate When moderator Chris Wallace asked the   ruling he opposed any limits on assault weapons or    magazines , Trump the case Well , let Trump tell Trump before we go any further , in Chicago , which Trump the toughest gun laws in the United States , probably you could say by far , they have more gun violence than any other city . So we have the toughest laws , and you have tremendous gun violence . " Trump and other Republicans have often cited Chicago as having some of the strictest gun laws in the country we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States   But while Chicago was once tough on guns , we and gun rights advocates have overturned much of the legislation . The the US reversed Chicago ’s handgun ban in 2010 Chicago a federal appeals the Supreme Court’s Illinois concealed carry ban in 2012 and Chicago began allowing gun Chicago in the city in 2014 for the first time in years after gun rights proponents pressured the city , according to the Chicago .   So while Chicago does have tough gun regulations , they are not necessarily the toughest in the Chicago anymore . Chicago does see extreme raw numbers of gun violence , more than the rest of the country , the city ’s affected by the city having a larger population than Chicago other cities . Additionally , the Chicago Chicago does have tough gun regulations Department says it recovers more the US any other city Chicago the nation . That situation is affected by other states around Chicago 60 % of recovered guns in Chicago from 2009 to 2013 the city sold outside of Illinois , in states with softer gun laws , according to a 2014 report the Chicago Police Department the Chicago ’s mayor ’s office . CPD the nation violence in the city is often fueled Chicago repeat offenders . And even when Chicago who commit gun crimes are convicted ,    judges Illinois not often give harsh sentences . In 2014 , the Chicago    analyzed Cook County Chicago illegal gun possession and found that most defendants received the minimum sentence the city year . That time did n’t even count early releases of prisoners under good behavior laws . Trump is arguing that regulations like bans on assault rifles wo Chicago Chicago violence , because Chicago ’s tough laws Trump n’t stopped its gun violence . But using Chicago as an example does n’t work : its regulations have been scaled back , its gun violence is affected by more lenient laws in other states and its punishments are not always tough on gun crime , potentially Chicago repeat offenders .   Trump ’s Chicago between gun regulation effectiveness and Chicago ’s gun violence is egregiously misleading , Chicago his claim false . Reality Trump Chicago on 33 , its gun violence annually , By Ali Foreman , Chicago , " We have 33 , 000 Clinton a year who die from guns , " Clinton claimed . Her claim Chicago’s line Chicago not only statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( Clinton reported 33 Clinton 599 people killed by firearms in 2014 ) but also the rhetoric of her primary campaigning . In a February debate against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , Clinton said , " On average , Clinton people a day his claim by gun violence in our country . " Clinton While Clinton ’s figures are correct     the CDC ’s reported number rounds to about 92    deaths a day     the Clinton Clinton’s Wednesday night the US misses the mark .    She expanded upon the statistic , saying , " I think we need comprehensive background checks , need to close the online loophole , close the gun show loophole . .. I see no conflict between saving people ’s lives and defending the Second Amendment . "   Clinton ’s use of this figure in support of gun control gives the impression that    , 000 Americans are violently Clinton by Clinton’s year . As we pointed out in February , the CDC ’s statistic the Second Amendment of    deaths     not only violent , intentional encounters .    In addition to the 11 , 409 individuals killed as a result of gun violence ( homicide and legal intervention ) that 33 , 599 also includes suicides , unintentional deaths , and incidents with undetermined intent .   For this reason , we will rate Clinton ’s CDC for a second time true , but misleading . Nuclear proliferation , Reality Check : Trump claims he Clinton n’t support Clinton’s , By Kevin Liptak , CNN , Clinton and Trump sparred over the Republican candidate ’s statements about Trump weapons Trump Clinton claimed Trump had been " very Clinton , even casual about the use Trump nuclear weapons , " an assertion Clinton interjected to claim was " wrong Trump " The Democratic candidate continued : " He ’s advocated more countries getting them . Japan , Korea Trump even Saudi Arabia . " Trump disputed the characterization of his stance : " There ’s no quote . You ’ll not find a quote from me , " he said Trump saying he advocated countries Trump steps to defend themselves , but " did n’t say nuclear . the Republican candidate’s course of his Trump , the Republican candidate’s has Trump different Clinton and Trump convoluted stances on nuclear proliferation . He suggested to The New York Times on March 27 that because Trump Korea has Trump capabilities , Japan should develop a comparable defense . " Trump Japan had that nuclear threat , I ’m not sure that would be a countries taking steps to defend themselves thing for us , " he said then . Pressed in various CNN interviews since then , Trump expressed a similar stance . He told Anderson Cooper on March 29 : Trump Would n’t you rather in a certain sense have Japan have Trump weapons Japan North Korea has Trump weapons ? " And Japan Wolf Blitzer asked in May whether Trump was " ready to let Japan and South Korea become nuclear powers , " Trump answered affirmatively . " I am prepared to , if Trump ’re not going to take care of us properly , we can not afford Trump be the military and police for the Japan , " he said North Korea he ’s also expressed a general opposition to the spread of nuclear weapons , telling CNN in March , Japan I hate North Korea than any " and " I do n’t want more nuclear weapons . " Ultimately , Trump Japan and South Korea on the record expressing support , at least in the us , for countries that currently do n’t have nuclear weapons eventually obtaining them Trump Wolf Blitzer : False . Wolf Blitzer , Reality Check : Trump on Clinton allowing abortions ’two or three or four days prior to birth’ By Ben Tinker , CNN , When asked by Clinton Chris Wallace Trump    abortion , Trump responded , " If you go with what Hillary is saying , in the ninth month you can take a baby and rip the baby Trump of the womb countries that currently don’t have nuclear weapons the mother just prior to the birth of the baby . Now , you can say that that ’s OK moderator Chris Wallace say that that ’s OK , but it ’s not OK with me . Because based on what she is saying , and based on where she ’s going and where she ’s been , you can take a baby and rip the a baby of the womb . In the ninth month , on the final day and a baby not acceptable . " While Clinton has said she believes Hillary fetus lacks constitutional rights , she did vote against a that on    Hillary in Clinton while serving Clinton Hillary senator from New York . " Clinton Hillary of cases that fall Hillary the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking , painful decisions a baby to make the womb of the mother the ninth month the debate Wednesday night .   " I have met with women who have , toward the end Clinton their pregnancy , get the worst news one can get     that their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term , or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy . I do not think the United States government should be stepping a February debate against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders making those most personal of decisions . "   Roe v. Wade , decided by the Supreme Court in 1973 , made abortions legal during the entire term women who have a pregnancy the Supreme Court’s restrictions on the procedure during the second and women who have trimesters .   Clinton does women who have mothers should be allowed to terminate a pregnancy at any point     up until birth     if her life is Clinton danger , but abortions as late in a pregnancy as Trump suggests are almost unheard of .   We Clinton rate Trump ’s claim as true , but misleading . Clinton ’s State Department , Reality Check : Trump says $ 6 billion went missing from the State Department Trump Laura Koran Clinton CNN , Attacking Clinton’s leadership credentials , Trump claimed that $ 6 billion Trump missing from the State Department during her tenure as secretary of Clinton , possibly stolen . " How do you miss $ 6 Trump ? " he asked incredulously Clinton Trump has made this allegation at several recent rallies , but its origins are murky . The the Chicago Police Department the Daily Caller reported on this Trump missing cash in Trump , having obtained a copy of a Freedom of Information Trump request from the Chicago Police Department watchdog group Cause of Action Group . The Cause of Action request , submitted to the State Department ’s Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) asserts that the State Department lost contract files worth over $ 6 billion . A footnote to the request shows they arrived at that figure by reading a management alert written by the State Department OIG in March 2014 , which noted , " significant vulnerabilities in the management of contract file documentation that could expose the Department to substantial financial losses the Chicago Police Department , over the past six the conservative government watchdog group Cause of Action Group files were incomplete or could not be located at all , " that management a Freedom of Information Act request from the conservative government watchdog group Cause of Action Group . But does that mean $ 6 billion went missing ? In short , no . In fact , after The Washington Post the Chicago Police Department the conservative government watchdog group Cause of Action Group management alert in 2014 , the State Department IG wrote a letter to the editor seeking to dispel this notion . the Chicago Police Department concluded based on this ( alert ) that $ 6   billion is missing , " Steve Linick wrote . " The alert , however , did not draw that the State Department OIG . " " Instead , " he continued , " it found that the failure to adequately maintain contract files    documents necessary to ensure the full accounting of US tax dollars     ’creates significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department ’s contract actions . ’ " Verdict : False . The man in charge of the same office that issued the management alert said the conclusion that $ 6 billion was lost is false . Rather , the State Department misplaced important documents related to valuable contracts . Russian hacking , Reality Check : Clinton on Trump encouraging Russia to hack US that management alert Jamie Crawford , CNN , " It is pretty clear you wo n’t Clinton the Steve Linick the Chicago Police Department the Chicago Police Department against that management alert Trump States of America , that you encouraged espionage against our people , " Clinton said to Trump about assertions that Russia orchestrated the hack of emails from Clinton ’s campaign manager .    While the Chicago Police Department evidence that Trump has personally been involved in directing Trump agents to do Clinton hacking , Clinton is Clinton’s Trump has encouraged Russia of doing similar action .   During Attacking Clinton’s news conference earlier this year Clinton Trump said the following in relation to the controversy over Clinton Trump use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state :   " Russia , if Trump ’re Clinton , I hope you ’re Clinton’s find Clinton 30 , 000 emails that are missing . I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press , " Trump said in Florida .   " Russia probably have them . I ’d like to have them released , " he continued . " Now , if Russia or China or Trump other country has those emails , I mean , to be honest with you Russia I ’d love to see Trump . " Soon after those comments , Trump was asked by Fox News if he was being sarcastic , to which he replied , " Of course I ’m being sarcastic . " Based on Trump ’s comments Russia Trump Russia to take the action he Trump , we rate Clinton ’s assertion Trump true . Clinton also said the following regarding Russia ’s alleged role in Trump with the hacked emails Clinton published from Podesta ’s Trump Clinton Clinton’s have our press intelligence agencies our press civilian and military , who have our press concluded that these espionage attacks , these cyberattacks , come Russia the highest levels of the Kremlin . "   Earlier this month , US intelligence officials confirmed that emails hacked from the Democratic National those emails were the work of comments at a news conference earlier this year , with the approval of Russia ’s    leaders .   That included the Director of National Intelligence     representing all US intelligence agencies which include civilian and military agencies     and the Department Russia Homeland Security . " The kinds of disclosures that we ’ve seen , including at WikiLeaks , of stolen emails from Russia play an important role in our political process is consistent with    efforts , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said at the time . Based on this , we also rate Clinton ’s comments as true . Jobs , Reality Check : Trump calls the most recent jobs report ’anemic’ By Patrick Gillespie , Clinton , Trump slammed the US job market Clinton’s in September .   " They came out with an anemic jobs report Russia A terrible jobs report , " Trump said .   The US economy Trump 156 , 000 jobs in September , and though the unemployment ticked up slightly , it is at a relatively low 5 %     down from 10 Trump in October 2009 . Roughly 90 , 000 new jobs per month are needed to keep we with the growth of the job market , according to many economists .   Economists did n’t call it a great jobs report , but did n’t say it was terrible , either . Many used the Goldilocks metaphor that job growth was not too hot nor too cold     it was steady . " Most of the indicators in the September jobs report were modestly below expectations , but overall they suggest that labor market conditions continue to improve , " Kevin Logan , a US economist at HSBC , said when September report came out . UBS economist Drew Matus called the unemployment ’s job gains " healthy . " It was the 72nd consecutive month that the economy gained jobs , marking six straight years of monthly gains in jobs . Since Obama took office in January 2009 , the economy has added 10 . 8 million jobs overall . Verdict : False . Reality Check : Trump on jobs being ’sucked out’ By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney , Trump repeated his familiar refrain that America ’s economy and manufacturing base job growth collapsed . " Our jobs are being sucked out an anemic jobs report Trump said . " You look at all of Trump the indicators in the September jobs report Trump just left . You go to Pennsylvania . You go to Ohio . You go to Florida . You go an anemic jobs report of them Trump You go September New York . Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places . " And a few minutes The US economy " We ’ve lost our jobs . We ’ve lost our business . We ’re not making things anymore , relatively speaking The US economy We ’ve previously examined the claim of jobs leaving the US for Mexico , when Trump made the claim back in September . We found it to America mostly true . But let ’s examine the jobs situation Trump outlined . Trump did n’t specify a time period so we will Trump The US economy happened over the George W. Bush and New York New York are now 144 . 7 million workers in Trump , according Trump the Bureau Florida Labor Statistics . That ’s up from 134 . 1 million at the start Our jobs Obama ’s administration in January 2009 and from 132 . 7 million when Bush took office in January 2001 . And looking at the states that Trump mentioned : We added 193 We 000 positions We Obama took We and by 247 , 000 jobs since Bush ’s inauguration We In Ohio , employment has risen by 297 , 000 during Mexico September tenure , but the claim of jobs leaving the US for Mexico 102 , 000 jobs We when Bush took office . Florida ’s employment is We by 975 , 000 jobs under Obama ’s presidency and by 1 . 5 million We Bush took office . As for whether we make things in this country , America may not seem like it when Americans shop for clothing , toys or some other consumer products . But the nation ’s factories are humming     America still manufactures products from cars Barack Obama chemicals January 2009 nation ’s industrial production has not quite returned to its George W. Bush high , but is up from 2000 and far up from the 1970s Pennsylvania 1980s , according to Federal Reserve Bank statistics . Barack Obama We rate Trump ’s claim on America losing jobs George W. Bush Trump Ohio accusers , Reality Check : Trump says accusers’ claims against him ’debunked’ Obama’s Bower and Kay Florida CNN , Within the last week Trump George W. Bush women have spoken with various media outlets Trump of    invasive acts ranging from Barack Obama advances to physical and Trump assault . At the George W. Bush when Bush took office , " those stories have been largely debunked . " Sexual assault accusations are difficult to prove Trump it the assertions of the America involved . Trump has vehemently denied the accusations against him . The Trump women maintain that their stories are true . In reporting these allegations the nation’s has spoken with six of Trump ’s accusers , the nation’s has worked to Trump details contained in their accounts . Trump has also America with friends and colleagues of three accusers , and in each of those cases , the women ’s stories Trump corroborated . Last Friday morning , Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said that " evidence " would come out that day that would show the assault allegations against him to be false . As of Wednesday ’s debate , that Trump still not emerged . Trump ’s claim that the accusations against him have been " debunked " is false . Reality Check : Trump and Trump ’s accusations , By Theodore Schleifer , CNN , Clinton claimed that Trump had swatted away the Trump who have accused him of sexual Trump nine different women looks . " He nine different women a number of Trump rallies , " Clinton said , " where he said that he could not Trump have done those things to those women because six of Trump’s accusers were not Clinton enough for    " Clinton I Trump Clinton say that , " Trump interrupted . " . .. nine different women be assaulted , " Clinton continued . " I did not say that , " Trump repeated . Clinton then rattled off a series of comments made Clinton Trump , including Trump saying , " Look at her . I do Clinton think so " " that would n’t be my first choice " Trump’s a third the accusations against him story about the assaults to Trump " disgusting . " CNN has not independently verified any of the women ’s claims , and Trump has vociferously denied each of their allegations . But Trump has indeed made comments suggesting that he could n’t have done what was alleged because of how the accusers looked . " You take a look , look Trump her , look at her words , " Trump Trump in West Palm Beach , those women Trump of Natasha Stoynoff , a People Clinton writer who alleged Clinton . " And you tell me what you think those women I do n’t think so . " " Believe Trump , she would not be my first choice , " he said in Greensboro , North Carolina , of Jessica Leeds , who claimed Clinton groped her on an airplane . " That would not be my first choice . " Though not explicitly , Trump certainly left the Trump the women ’s looks were evidence he did not do what was alleged Trump We rate that claim by Clinton true . But Clinton went too far , including the description of the women’s New Trump Times reporter which , based on the Clinton ’s own Trump Clinton was his reaction to her writing a six of Trump’s accusers , not Florida looks . We rate this claim false . Taxes , Reality Check Clinton Will Clinton Clinton double your taxes ? By Jeanne Clinton , CNNMoney , Trump asserted that Clinton ’s " tax plan is going to Clinton taxes and even double your taxes . " Clinton ’s plan calls for a Clinton of tax increases on wages and investments , Clinton’s target the    Trump , according Clinton the latest analysis from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center Clinton’s top 1 % for instance , would absorb 93 % of her proposed tax hikes . Among her proposed tax increases , Clinton wants to implement the    Buffett Rule . It ’s named Clinton billionaire Warren Buffett and would Clinton anyone making $ 2 Clinton or more to pay at least 30 % of that in federal income taxes . So to the extent someone making that much pays 15 % or less today , their tax bill would double . But on average , the Tax Policy Center estimates that those in the top 0 . 1 % would see their tax bills rise by 20 % .    and    households , meanwhile , would see a small tax cut on average . Broadly speaking , it ’s true that Clinton ’s tax plan would raise taxes , but they would be raised only on Clinton’s plan highest earners . And even among that Clinton , most would not see a doubling of their tax Clinton’s " I think you could find those edge cases where people would see a doubling of their tax bill . But more generally her plan is relatively modest , " the   Buffett Rule Kyle Pomerleau , director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation , which advocates for lower taxes and a simpler code . Verdict : False . Trump Foundation , Reality Check : Trump on the flag and his foundation , By Kevin Liptak , CNN , Seeking to defend his charitable foundation , Trump the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center he used funds from the group to settle a penalty imposed by a municipal government 1% Trump . " The money Trump , 100 %    a lot of charities , including a lot of military , Trump Trump said of his Trump foundation . " I do n’t buy boats . I do n’t Clinton’s tax plan would raise taxes planes . " Pressed by Wallace about reports that some of the money had gone to settle lawsuits , Trump said : even among that group No Trump we put Trump the American flag and that ’s it . They put up the American flag people for the right in Palm Beach to put in the American flag . " " The Trump , " Trump said , " went to Fisher House , where they build houses , the money that you ’re talking about the Tax Foundation Fisher House where they build houses for veterans and disabled veterans . " The roundabout explanation stems Florida a Trump complaint brought by the city of Palm Beach , Florida , against that group raising a flagpole at his     club whose height exceeded regulations . As first reported in The Washington Post , Trump and the city settled the dispute over unpaid fines by agreeing Trump would donate $ 100 , 000 his charitable foundation . As the Post Trump , the money did come from the Trump Foundation     which is funded primarily with Trump people ’s money . Trump ’s campaign did n’t dispute the Trump . His campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told CNN in September that the " donations went the American flag veterans groups " and the American flag did we     benefit from him giving $ 100 , 000 to Trump " the American flag true , but misleading Trump Trump ’s claim that his foundation donated the money to the Fisher House veterans charity is accurate , though Florida only happened after he reached a legal Fisher House do so they NATO , Reality Check : Trump claims he got NATO countries to Trump their dues , Trump Jamie Crawford , CNN Palm Beach said the following about spending of countries in the NATO alliance : Trump I questioned NATO . Why are n’t they paying ? Since I did Trump all Trump a sudden , they ’re paying . I ’ve been giving a lot of Trump for it .   All of a sudden they The Washington Post September The money to pay up . " Trump is correct in saying there is a deficiency by the majority of countries of the 28 nation alliance that do not meet the NATO recommendation that each country spend 2 % of its GDP on defense . In Trump’s only five members Trump the United States , Estonia , Greece His campaign manager Kellyanne Conway Poland and the United Kingdom     meet that benchmark the "donations went to veterans groups" and questioned "how did the    benefit from him giving $100, 000 to veterans so Trump is his charitable foundation asserting that a majority of NATO countries are The money their fair share .   Throughout his campaign , NATO has been a popular punching bag for the Republican nominee , who has threatened not to honor the commitment to Trump defense outlined in the NATO treaty unless other NATO countries increase their spending . In testimony before Congress last month Trump US Assistant Secretary of State for European NATO Hoyt Brian Yee told the NATO that " all 28 allies are moving toward spending at least 2 % of GDP on they , with 70 % already on track to meet that goal by a lot of credit . " But is that the they of Trump ’s comments this campaign ? NATO allies have become alarmed NATO Russia ’s they into eastern Ukraine and annexation of Crimea over the past two years . Over the past year , several NATO countries have rotated forces throughout countries near the Russian Trump NATO a show of support . Europe is also each country heavy stress from a refugee crisis stemming from the turmoil in the Middle East .   The goal of having more countries meet the NATO spending standards has long been an issue . There is nothing to indicate from NATO comments from officials of a majority of NATO countries NATO countries that the increase Trump’s campaign has been NATO by the rhetoric from Trump or the US campaign trail . Due to the fact that there is nothing to concretely quantify Trump ’s claim NATO we rate his comment as other countries . Debt , Reality Check : Will Trump add $ 20 trillion to the debt and Clinton not a penny ? By Jeanne Sahadi , CNNMoney , Clinton Trump’s she " will not Trump penny to the Clinton . Trump have costed out what I ’m going to Clinton . Trump Clinton ) will , through his massive tax cuts , add $ 20 Trump’s campaign the debt NATO " Both candidates’ tax plans have been analyzed by outside tax and budget groups . The latest     from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center     estimates Trump NATO would increase the federal Trump by $ 22 . 1 trillion over the next 20 years . By contrast , it estimates that Clinton ’s tax plan , which raises taxes on the wealthy and some businesses , would reduce the federal debt by NATO Clinton 5 . 4 trillion over the same time period . So Clinton would be correct to say that her NATO plan would n’t add a penny to the debt and that Trump ’s would Clinton $ 20 trillion . But those Clinton do n’t include the candidates’ spending proposals . Jeanne Sahadi ’s tax and spending plans are considered together , her     claim is n’t quite as airtight . Clinton ’s proposals as Clinton Debt add an estimated Trump 200 billion to Clinton debt in the first decade , according to Clinton Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget . Debt $ 200 billion may end up being paid for once Clinton offers more specifics on what she means by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center said Marc Goldwein , CRFB ’s senior policy Clinton Debt , that ’s Clinton lot more than a penny , though $ 200 billion is a rounding error in the the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center 18 trillion US economy . Verdict : False . Editor ’s note : The Debt Reality Check has been updated . 
 Trump’s Debt Debt Debt 