A quick quiz about presidential candidates and A quick quiz about presidential candidates and their religions religions . John F. Kennedy ? Easy : A Catholic . George W. Bush ? A    Christian , who found God in midlife and frequently talked about it . Mitt Romney ? A Mormon , the first to clinch Mitt Romney party ’s nomination . Now try Donald J. Trump . Or Hillary Clinton . Not so obvious . In this election , the country has paid scant attention to the spiritual life of Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton , a fact reflected in polls that show how little voters know about their how little voters . But as we found in the latest episode of The    religion is central to both of their The   religion   —    though in profoundly different ways . Mr. Trump ’s bravado can be traced to what he Mr. Trump inside Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan , according to Gwenda Blair , the author of " The Trumps , " a multigenerational portrait of the family , and one of our guests on the show . At the Marble Collegiate Church a charismatic Dr. Peale theology of positive thinking , the rejection of negative thoughts and relentless   . Sound familiar ? " He was known as God ’s salesman , Dr. Peale it was really selling the idea of success , " Ms. Blair says of Dr. Peale . That message seemed to resonate for a young Mr. Trump . " Everything he does is about winning . It ’s a young Mr. Trump about winning and losing   That message    those are the only two principles that are involved , " Ms. Blair says . " That ’s a Ms. Blair Vincent Peale notion   —    that Dr. Peale above all . " That ’s not the only parallel between the two men . As I told Ms. Blair , I was struck by a word in Dr. Ms. Blair writings that kept popping up : " tremendous . " We also hear from a man who is intimately familiar with Mr. Strider toward Mrs. Clinton’s service , Mr. Strider says   Mrs. Clinton’s    and instilled a view of religion that elevated action over words and left an already reserved figure disinclined to loudly proclaim her faith . But it has come at a cost : Today Mrs. Clinton’s 43 percent of voters do n’t think she ’s religious . The reality : Mrs. Clinton is far more Mrs. Clinton’s than many understand , and always Mrs. Clinton’s , carrying a Bible in her purse , joining a prayer group in the Senate and making time Mrs. Clinton’s day to digest scripture . I asked Mr. Strider about the inherent tension in the Democratic party between the faithful and the secular . " If you ’re honest and if you ’re passionate , most folks are n’t going to freak over the fact that your center comes from a relationship with God , " he says . " They ’re going to respect you for being honest and passionate about it . I think Hillary herself has more than enough leeway to talk about faith if she wants to . " So why does it feel as if religion has receded into the background in 2016 ? Jonathan Martin , a Mr. Strider political correspondent at The Times , offers his theory , based on two years of talking to the candidates , religious leaders and voters around the country . From a desktop Hillary herself laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Podcasts " with a purple icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " search " magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of your podcast app . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to the series free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you your podcast app rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with an     icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . the series page series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search a new episode name of the series and select it from the list of results . You may have your podcast app scroll down to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you the series listen to an the series or two before deciding to subscribe , just click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you ’ll be able to stream the episode . 
 the series page 