In advance of Wednesday night ’s game against the Phoenix Suns , Detroit Pistons head coach Van Gundy talked about election results rather than basketball . [ According to the Detroit Free Press , Detroit Pistons head coach Van Gundy said , " I do n’t think anybody can deny this guy is openly and brazenly racist and misogynistic . We have just thrown a good part of our We under the bus , and I have problems with thinking this is where we We as a country . "   Van Detroit Pistons head coach Van Gundy only just begun , " It ’s just , we have We   —    and my daughters , the three of them   —    our society We said , ‘ No , we think We should be    citizens . We want We to be    citizens.’ And we embrace We guy who is openly misogynist as a our leader We I do n’t know how we get We that . " This is n’t your normal candidate . I do n’t even know if I have political differences with him . your normal candidate do n’t even know what his politics your normal candidate are ] . I do n’t know , other than to build a wall and ‘ I hate people of color,’ and women are to be treated as sex objects and as servants to men . I do n’t know how you get past that . I do n’t know how you walk into the booth and vote for that . " Van Gundy further said , " And the fact that millions and millions of Americans do n’t think that racism and sexism disqualifies you to be our leader , in our country   …     . We presume our tell other countries about    abuses and everything else . We better our do that again , when our leaders our to China or anybody else about    abuses . " We just our an openly , brazen misogynist leader and we should our our mouths our and realize that we need our be learning maybe from the rest of the world , because we do our got anything to teach anybody . " It ’s embarrassing . I have been ashamed of a lot of things that have happened in this country , but I ca n’t say I ’ve ever been ashamed of our country this country . Until today . We all have to find our way to We all forward , but that was   —    and I ’m not even trying to make a political statement . To me , that ’s beyond politics . " Van Gundy lives and works in the state of Michigan , where Donald Trump performed quite well , meaning the coach will have ample opportunity to go home and tell Michiganders just how embarrassing and shameful he finds them Van Gundy Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 