Donald Trump is picking up critical support in Donald Trump race for the White House . [ Since clinching the Republican nomination , the presumptive GOP nominee edged Hillary Clinton in the RealClearPolitics average of polls for the first time . Surveys from every major public poll show a    race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , with a slim advantage for Donald Trump .   The election is still 6 months away and early polling is not necessarily predictive of final results . That said , a recent survey of " political insiders " by Politico confidently predicted that Hillary Clinton would crush Donald Trump in a landslide in November . Politico surveys of " insiders " have usually been wrong in this unpredictable year , but this prediction seems particularly off . The contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is very likely to be close throughout the election season . The same could not be said for a race between Trump and Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders . In both state and national polling , Sanders Trump and Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders roughly    points better than Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump . In the RealClearPolitics average of national polls , Sanders Trump and Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders Donald Trump by 10 points . Sanders’ personal poll numbers are also much better than either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton most committed supporters are liberal activists and young voters , two voting blocks critical to Democrats’ success in critical down ballot races . A large number of Republican voters , tired of weak leadership from the Republican party , backed the outsider Donald Trump to be a strong , unconventional    for an election fraught with consequences . A similar block of Democrats are showing the same inclination by backing Sanders . He Sanders very well be the best chance for Democrats in November . A recent round of state battleground polling paints a compelling picture . Clinton leads Trump Donald Trump just 10 points in California , but Sanders Sanders by 17 . In North Carolina , Trump Donald Trump Clinton Clinton 4 , but Sanders Sanders Trump Donald Trump points , an 8 point swing . In New Jersey , Clinton leads Clinton by Donald Trump , but Sanders leads Sanders 24 . In Arizona , Trump leads Donald Trump by Clinton points , but trails Sanders by Sanders . In Georgia , Trump leads Donald Trump by Clinton , but trails Sanders by Sanders , a 9 point swing in a state that has voted Republican for the past 20 years . In an average of polls in Ohio , a critical battleground state , Clinton leads Clinton by Donald Trump point . Sanders , Sanders , leads Trump by Donald Trump . Only in Florida do Clinton and Clinton perform Sanders against Trump . Donald Trump leads the GOP nominee by a single point in that swing state . Clinton , Clinton summary , under performs a generic Democrat candidate in a host of contests . Sanders , Sanders contrast , puts several traditional Republican states in play against Trump . Donald Trump    ticket , running competitively in states like Georgia , Arizona , Ohio and North Carolina could put a number of    House and Senate races in play for Democrats . Sanders chief strength against Trump is his relatively Sanders with voters . In the recent    poll , Sanders favorablity Sanders , favorables minus unfavorables , was + 7 . Trump ’s Trump was    while Clinton ’s was   . In a Washington Post poll , Sanders personal Sanders was + 13 , while Clinton was Clinton and Trump was Trump . While Clinton has Clinton formidable lead in the race for the Democrat nomination , much of her advantage Clinton based on her overwhelming Clinton from Democrat superdelegates . It is increasingly unlikely that Clinton can Clinton the nomination by winning a majority of the pledged delegates won through state primaries and caucuses . She will Clinton the full backing of the superdelegates , Democrat elected Democrat who cast individual votes for the nomination the nomination win her party Clinton nod . The    of this equation is that , a switch of superdelegates to Bernie Sanders would be enough to make him the nominee Bernie Sanders In 2008 , Hillary Clinton Clinton votes overall in Democrat contests than Barack Obama , but a swing of superdelegates padded his slim lead with Barack Obama delegates and made him the nominee . Barack Obama of course , going to nominate Hillary Clinton at Clinton in Philadelphia . Given her Democrats numbers with Clinton and continued questions about her honesty , though Clinton it is an open question whether they ought to nominate her . Of voters Clinton , Clinton may be the voters Democrat who could lose to Trump . Even if Clinton were to pull Clinton a close election and defeat Trump , her weakness as a Clinton Trump unlikely to help Democrats trying to recapture Congress or seats in state houses across the country . Sanders , however , would likely run strongly enough to help those other Democrat candidates . 
 