Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump confused many in a meeting Tuesday with state attorneys general when President Donald Trump suggested that recent threats made against the Jewish community might have been committed " to make others look bad " and that in terms of the threats , " the reverse can be true . " The comment came during a brief question and answer session with the President at the White House after Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro noted hate crime incidents across the country     including bomb threats against three Jewish schools and the desecration of a Jewish cemetery in his home state in the last few days . " Can you tell me what is being done so that the federal and state governments work together to combat this ? " Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro told CNN Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said to Trump . The President said three things in response , Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro recalled .   First , The President condemned the threats and vandalism as " reprehensible . " He The President noted that he The President going to address the matter in his The President to a joint session of Congress Tuesday evening . But then the The President something that confused Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro : " You have to be careful , because the reverse can be true , " he recalled The President President The President Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said Trump suggested this would be done " to make others look bad . " Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said the President used The President " reverse " two or three more times . Other attorneys general later asked Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro what Trump meant by that Trump and Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro did n’t know what to tell them , Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said Other attorneys general The attorneys general did not know what to think . " I found that statement to be very curious , " Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said . The comment is all the more curious given that law enforcement officials believe many of the threatening calls coming into Jewish Community Centers and Jewish Day Schools have originated overseas .    The White House did not respond to a request for comment . But Jonathan Greenblatt , the CEO of the    League , said it would be " astonishing if the report is true that the president would posit such a claim . We fully hope that the authorities will continue their ongoing investigation of the authorities matter and have full confidence that the FBI and law enforcement will bring the culprits to justice . " Earlier Tuesday , top Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci tweeted that " It ’s not yet clear who the # JCC offenders are . Do n’t forget @TheDemocrats effort to incite violence at Trump rallies . "   Scaramucci linked to a top Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci story about a James O’Keefe undercover report in which a video suggested that a Democratic activist was sending protesters into Trump campaign rallies where they would film themselves getting beaten up they Trump supporters . When Trump if he was suggesting Democrats Trump behind the threats to the Jewish community centers , Scaramucci tweeted , " No . I ’m saying until we know for sure it ’s highly irresponsible to jump to conclusions . " Scaramucci said Wednesday " Scaramucci actually do n’t we who is behind " the attacks . " What you ’re finding is there ’s a lot of allegations are being made and people are suggesting potentially that it could be Trump supporters behind it or people that it affiliated with the President or his administration , " Trump told CNN ’s Trump Camerota on " New Day . " " I think that ’s categorically very unfair . "   Scaramucci did not identify anyone who was making those suggestions and did not immediately respond to a    request for clarification Wednesday morning . " We have to leave an open question of the source of where these things are coming from , " Scaramucci added .   Scaramucci the last several weeks , there have been at least 100 bomb threats targeting Jewish Community Centers and schools in 33 states in the United States and two provinces in Canada . UPDATE : This characterization of James O’Keefe ’s video has been changed in this story . 
 