  ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Monday offered very public praise for a political candidate vying to unseat one of the top Republicans in Washington     House Speaker Paul Ryan . Trump , who is facing an onslaught of criticism from Washington    House Speaker Paul Ryan and other top Republicans for Donald Trump comments about the Muslim family of a deceased US soldier , thanked Washington    House Speaker Paul Ryan Republican primary challenger , Paul Nehlen , on Twitter Monday for Donald Trump " kind words . " " Thanks to @pnehlen for your kinds words , very much appreciated , " the Republican presidential nominee tweeted , in what amounts to an extraordinary show of discord between two of the most prominent faces of the Republican Party . Nehlen , a businessman who like Trump has never held public office , has praised Trump Trump had recently tweeted articles and comments supporting the GOP nominee . " My pleasure , Sir . Just want to Make America Great Again , " Nehlen responded from his Nehlen 10 minutes after Trump ’s tweet . Ryan campaign spokesman Zack Roday said their campaign will not " engage in a    . " " The speaker is going to remain focused entirely on ensuring we deliver strong Republican majorities this fall , " he Ryan campaign spokesman Zack Roday .    The their campaign not immediately respond to requests for comment . Ryan Ryan Trump Trump’s presidential bid several weeks after he Ryan the presumptive Republican nominee , but has not hesitated to criticize Trump Trump’s express his Ryan disapproval with some of Trump Trump’s more controversial words and proposals . Ryan Ryan Sunday that he Ryan Trump Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim travel to the US after Trump Trump’s heat for criticizing the parents of Humayun Khan , a US Army captain who died in the Iraq War . " America ’s greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it . As the uniform have said on numerous occasions , a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values . I reject it , " Ryan said in the statement . Ryan also criticized Ryan ’s comments questioning a    judge ’s ability to be unbiased in ruling on a lawsuit involving Trump as the " textbook definition of a racist comment . " Ryan has so Ryan refused to withdraw his endorsement of Ryan . 
 Trump 