  ( CNN ) As Donald Trump and Donald Trump allies attempt to raise dubious questions over Hillary Clinton ’s health , the Republican nominee has invited new scrutiny into the Republican nominee own medical history . Like Hillary Clinton’s , Donald Trump has released minimal information , most notably in the form of a December 2015 letter of a few paragraphs from Hillary Clinton’s personal physician , a gastroenterologist , that described Hillary Clinton’s blood pressure and lab results as " astonishingly excellent " while suggesting a President Trump would be the " healthiest individual ever elected . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN ’s chief medical correspondent , found much of that language surprising and , in some cases , almost comically lacking in objective data . " I do n’t even know what to make of this letter , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN’s chief medical correspondent told CNN ’s Ashleigh Banfield on Tuesday . " Whether you are a doctor or not , that degree of hyperbole and these words being used is very unusual . People do n’t write like that . . .. ’Strength and stamina are extraordinary’     what does that mean , exactly ? " Even Trump surrogate Dr. Ben Carson said in an interview on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " Wednesday that Trump should disclose Trump current medical history , as Trump referred to both Trump and Clinton as " elderly . " " I think that somebody who is running for president of the United States , particularly if they ’re elderly , and that would include both major candidates , should disclose they medical history . And I ’m not talking about from a year ago or two years ago . I ’m talking about currently , " Carson said .   " Anybody who is elderly should expose Anybody who is elderly records and we , the people , should know what Anybody who is elderly are . It ’s a very stressful job . It ’s not an eight hour a day job . It ’s    and we need to make sure It ’s taken care of . " Neither the Trump campaign nor Dr. Harold Bornstein , his physician , responded to requests for comment . Trump , at age 70 , would be the oldest man to assume the presidency if elected in November , about eight months senior to Ronald Reagan when Ronald Reagan was first    more than 35 years ago . But both Ronald Reagan and Clinton , according to a federal life expectancy model from 2013 , are statistically likely to live comfortably through and beyond potential second terms in the White House , well into both he and Clinton 80s . There is little in Trump ’s personal medical history or lifestyle to suggest Trump is disproportionately disposed to future risks . Trump status as a teetotaler has been    going back decades . Dr. Bornstein in Dr. Bornstein letter wrote that Trump had never used alcohol or tobacco , an assertion backed by the candidate ’s own statements and independent reporting . Biographer Michael D’Antonio wrote in Biographer Michael D’Antonio book , " Never Enough : Donald Trump and the Pursuit of Success , " that the young mogul during Biographer Michael D’Antonio time as an undergrad at Fordham had set Biographer Michael D’Antonio apart " by Biographer Michael D’Antonio refusal to drink or smoke cigarettes , let alone experiment with the drugs that were increasingly evident on American campuses . " More recently , the candidate has openly professed and displayed the candidate affection for fast food     though in moderation .   At a CNN town hall in February , the candidate spoke glowingly of McDonald ’s ( " great stuff " ) and KFC ( " not the worst thing in the world " ) while assuring viewers the candidate burger diet was " very carefully " calibrated . the candidate has posted images to social media showing the candidate eating both while aboard the candidate private jet . In a December QA with People Magazine , Trump said that , unlike what so many others have experienced , Trump had actually " lost 15 lbs . on the campaign trail . "   " One of the reasons , " Trump explained , " is that I have big crowds " and that entertaining big crowds " is almost a form of exercise . "   " I could see how it could go the other way for some people , " Trump added . " ( But ) that ’s only because some people events are boring . " But a New York Times story published Monday suggested that Trump luck had not extended into 2016 , saying it was the " the opinion of some friends of Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump has gained weight recently . " In the past , Mr. Trump has cited golf as Mr. Trump main avenue for keeping fit .   " I used to play all sports . I was always a good athlete . I was always the captain of my teams , " Mr. Trump told Men ’s Health in 2013 , adding that as Mr. Trump ’s aged , there have been more long walks and golf outings .   " When I play a few rounds on the weekend , I ’ll come in Monday morning and I ’ll have lost three or four pounds , " Mr. Trump said . " That ’s very pleasurable exercise , and That keeps you away from the refrigerator because you ’re out on the course . " Clinton , who says Clinton tries to keep up a yoga routine on the trail , has struck a relaxed pose when questioned about Trump and the conspiracy theories surrounding Trump own health . " As far as I can tell , " Trump deadpanned to Jimmy Kimmel on Monday , " Jimmy Kimmel is as healthy as a horse . " 
 