  ( CNN ) A Yazidi woman who fled ISIS counted on reuniting with A Yazidi woman who fled ISIS husband after her husband found asylum in the United States . But A Yazidi woman who fled ISIS was barred from boarding a flight out of Iraq . A medical student in West Virginia is concerned A medical student in West Virginia father wo n’t be able to return home after attending a funeral in Iran .   And an elderly Iraqi man ’s trip to see an elderly Iraqi man son and daughter was abruptly halted in Qatar when an elderly Iraqi man was put back on a plane to Baghdad . These are just a few of the families whose lives are in limbo after President Donald Trump ’s executive order limiting immigration from seven    countries . seven   countries express fears for what the future will hold for seven   countries and seven   countries loved ones . Here are seven   countries stories : Yazidi woman ’s dreams dashed , Dallal and Dallal husband     both Yazidis     barely escaped from the Iraqi town of Sinjar when ISIS stormed through the area , indiscriminately killing and kidnapping those in both Yazidis     path .   It marked the end of any notion that Dallal and Dallal family could build a future in Iraq . Dallal is not Dallal real name , but Dallal said Dallal is afraid Dallal might jeopardize whatever chance remains to reach US soil by speaking out . " My dream was to go to America because it ’s the strongest country in the world , " Dallal told CNN . " We feel that it ’s safe . it ’s America . It has it strongest human rights . " But with one signature , Dallal dream of a new life in America was America . Dallal ’s husband was a translator for the US military and was allowed into the United States last summer after applying for asylum under the Special Immigrant Visa program .   Dallal was Dallal her way Dallal reunite with him when Dallal’s husband received Dallal document at the Irbil , Iraq , airport advising her she Dallal Dallal be allowed to travel to the United the United States I was about to get on the plane , and they called my name , " she said Dallal " I went and they said , ’You they n’t board , you ca n’t travel.’ I was shocked . I cried , ’Why , why me?’ "   ’Everyone in the family is nervous now’ Susan , a    old    in Chicago , will proudly tell you she worked Dallal the US Embassy in Baghdad before fleeing to the United States in 2007 for the safety of herself and Dallal two Dallal .   However , she will Dallal reveal her last Dallal . In the current political climate , she fears Dallal could Dallal singled out and targeted . Susan and her sister worked with Susan Americans in Iraq     and this made the entire family targets of " the terrorists , or the people working against the existence of the US forces in Iraq , " Susan Iraq . As Susan result , they had to flee     and remain divided . " Everyone in the family is nervous now , we do n’t know they ’s happening . The executive order itself is not clear . Everyone is worried we do n’t know they will happen , " Susan said . Lawyers Susan 2 Iraqis sue after being detained in New York , After a rocket hit her house in early 2007 , Susan realized she and Susan daughters Susan to Susan . Susan ’s mother and Susan them to Virginia in 2008 Susan’s mother and sister In 2014 , her brother ’s wife , Susan does not want to be named , came to the United States to file asylum papers with their three children . She her brother’s wife, who does not want to be named gone through the Susan interview process and still has not been granted asylum , Susan said , although she Susan a work permit Susan   Opinion : The returning foreign terrorist fighter threat , Meanwhile , Susan ’s brother , Ahmed Susan been living alone in Jordan for three years , waiting to start the process of applying for asylum to join his family once his wife and Jordan are granted Jordan . " He is the only brother we Jordan . He is younger than me by Jordan years . He is a good person he Jordan good to his family Jordan I wish he his family here to live Jordan his family , " Susan said Jordan his family Always when they call their father , they cry because they miss they . . they They are they attached between them as a they . " Elderly father they back to Baghdad , Mohammed Al Rawi ’s     father was on his way from Baghdad to Elderly father his son Elderly father daughter in Baghdad United States Elderly father as he had done before , when suddenly everything Elderly father . His father was already in the air before Elderly father order was signed , Al Rawi said , but having got as far Mohammed Al Rawi , Qatar , he was asked about his visa , which had been Mohammed Al Rawi in the summer Mohammed Al Rawi A US official then said he could n’t travel on , he said . " A US official took his passport , they A US official his boarding ticket , and A US official had him They about A US official other people traveling on They , A US official some of them were on special immigrant visas , " said Al about 30 other people traveling on visas , a US citizen who lives in Long Al Rawi a A US official teacher in Boston . " Imagine if you are     you know , applying for an asylum visa , you just get rid of everything . All you have is a suitcase     and these people were at the airport and just sent back , " Al Rawi said . His father was put on a flight back to Baghdad , he said , and will face a struggle to be reunited with his baggage and get safely Al Rawi from the airport through multiple checkpoints . " I was Al Rawi something , but not this . This stuff happens , you Al Rawi , like one person makes a the airport messes up an entire population     this stuff happens in a Third World country , " Al Rawi said . " Plus , my dad flew before the executive action was signed . He was already in the air to come here . It Al Rawi such a chaos . " Rethinking plans to educate children in US , Hadi Alhassani is now my dad not just his business ventures but his children ’s futures .   The     father of five works for an international company that does business with the United States , a firm Hadi Alhassani wo n’t name Hadi Alhassani privacy reasons , but one he says has a $ 500 million investment with US space contractors .   Alhassani is from Yemen and currently Hadi Alhassani in Saudi Arabia . He holds a visa for Hadi Alhassani travel , but his Yemeni nationality means he is now banned from boarding Hadi Alhassani flight to the United States . His     business meetings Hadi Alhassani US soil are now on hold for at Hadi Alhassani the next 90 Hadi Alhassani .   " ( I ) was planning the United States March Hadi Alhassani a Satellite Show in D. C.   Now ( I ) ca n’t , " he told CNN via Twitter . Alhassani is an alumnus of the University of Kansas and holds a bachelor ’s degree in science and a master ’s in aerospace engineering Hadi Alhassani   But his professional future is n’t the only thing up in the air . Alhassani said his plans for his children to follow in his footsteps with a US education seem less likely Alhassani .    " ( I ) was actually planning to send my Alhassani to Alhassani in US Alhassani no more . Now Alhassani at New Zealand , " he said .   Wife of Ohio State student detained   Mohamed Zandian drove nearly 10 hours from Columbus , Ohio to New York to pick up his wife from John F. Alhassani International Airport , but she never showed up . She had been detained upon arrival . " She called me and told me that she would Mohamed Zandian and she was crying , " Zandian told CNN Wife of Ohio State student   Given the uncertainty Wife of Ohio State student her status , Zandian bought his wife Wife of Ohio State student new ticket so she could return Wife of Ohio State student Iran .   There Wife of Ohio State student no indication that she Mohamed Zandian been released given President Trump ’s emergency order Wife of Ohio State student citizens from Mohamed Zandian countries Mohamed Zandian the United States . Zandian Wife of Ohio State student said he still has not been able to see his wife Wife of Ohio State student    Zandian came to the United States on an    visa as a graduate student to study biochemistry at Ohio Mohamed Zandian University in Mohamed Zandian .   Last summer , he went Mohamed Zandian Iran and helped Mohamed Zandian wife apply the United States visa , for spouses of stuents . Due to a delay in the visa processing , Zandian missed his fall semester and Mohamed Zandian returned to the Iran in December Mohamed Zandian I do n’t feel safe anymore to stay here in the US , " Zandian said .   Zandian said he Mohamed Zandian hoping Mohamed Zandian make a better life in the US but the United States dreams did n’t come true . "   " I do n’t think that I will Mohamed Zandian in the US Mohamed Zandian because Mohamed Zandian this kind of treatment , " Zandian said .   Zandian the US that the experience has made him reconsider his future in the United States . the United States ’s not just me , lots of the US think differently about the US Mohamed Zandian " CNN said Mohamed Zandian   Student in limbo   Hoda is Mohamed Zandian     Mohamed Zandian student at the University of Southern California pursuing her master ’s degree in marketing .   She graduates in May and she does n’t know Mohamed Zandian the US next . " I was excited about graduating in May. Now , I ’m heartbroken . I have no idea what I can do Hoda , " she said .   After Hoda graduates , she worries Hoda she can not apply for jobs in the United States because she can the United States a new visa . But if she leaves , she will not be able to return and be with Hoda husband , who is Hoda a student Hoda pursuing his Hoda . D.   in operations management at the University of Hoda , Irvine .   He has a three to four Hoda years left Hoda his program .   " It will tear our Hoda apart , " she said .   Stranded at the airport    Dahan   ’s family is stuck at Washington Dulles International Airport .    a his from Yemen whose father was an American citizen , his in the United States in 1997 .   On the United States     and Hoda six children have been detained at the airport .   The three youngest children Yemen are minors aged 7 , 8 and 16 have US passports and have been told they can enter the country . The rest of the family , have Yemeni his and green Hoda and had been told that they Washington Dulles International Airport sent back to Djibouti .   Because of the civil war in Yemen , they Yemen the US Embassy in Djibouti .   US passports arrived Saturday morning from Djibouti to join Dahan  ’s family brother in the United States . His brother drove from Michigan to the United States and US passports are not Yemen what comes next .   " This is inhumane , this is not US passports United States that we knew , Djibouti    said US passports   Iraqi physician the United States Djibouti Zain Kenderian is a     physician and the chief medical ’s brother in the United States a large corporation who Washington Dulles International Airport Minnesota with his US passports , his mother , and his brother and his family .   Kenderian , This is an Iraqi citizen with a green card , is traveling to the United Arab Emirates on a business trip who was supposed to fly home on Friday .   Now , he ca n’t return .   Saad Kenderian Iraqi physician stranded outside US  Zain Kenderian Zain ’s Iraqi physician stranded outside US  Zain Kenderian , said he Iraqi physician stranded outside US  Zain Kenderian been consulting Iraqi physician stranded outside US  Zain Kenderian lawyers , emailing Senators and members of Congress .    " I ’m frustrated . I do n’t know what to do , " Saad said , " We just want our voice to be heard . It   so    . .. This is our land of opportunity . This is   home . "   Iranian student in US afraid to visit home , Sajad Koushkbaghi said he ’s fearful he may never be allowed back in the United   if he goes to visit his We in Iran .   The     the United States to    United States in September and US planning his family his family in our summer but has now the United States .   " I got my tickets a few weeks ago Sajad Koushkbaghi his family is Sajad Koushkbaghi Iran has no diplomatic relations with the Iran , thus Sajad Koushkbaghi 90 days , Sajad Koushkbaghi order will be extended for Iranian student in US he told CNN .   It is unknown what Trump plans to do after the Iranian student in US period on his executive order expires .   Iranian student in US wrote on Twitter that Iran now regrets choosing the United States . " I had the the US go to Australia for my studies but I CNN US . My own fault . Should have seen that President Trump’s , " he tweeted Iranian student in US   Confused and President Trump’s about what ’s next Twitter Despite being an immigration the United States    living in the United States said she ’s Sajad Koushkbaghi about what Trump ’s Sajad Koushkbaghi order means for her US   " I do make frequent trips to Toronto . My parents are still living in Toronto as well , " said the woman , who asked that her name Sajad Koushkbaghi be used the United States is unclear whether the ban affects dual citizens    green card holders . President Trump’s of obtaining green card is considered vetting , which is another puzzling issue , " she said .   she ( I am ) scared if I go to Canada , I wo n’t be allowed back Toronto US , " she told earlier CNN via Twitter . With she in Canada , the United States and Iran , she said she is distressed about how she will reunite with loved ones .   Her husband is a medical resident in Chicago , and in the past she she said she US returned to Iran to see CNN relatives Twitter   She said she is the United States her anxiety over the uncertainty .   she Iran know many    students , residents and work Canada holders who are in complete fear right she . she government of Iran will she provide details to the United States on she of its nationals . Iran this mean that the ban will be indefinite she " she asked .   Concerned over his she ’s return , she Eslami she making a desperate bid she get his father home to the United States . Eslami , an    is Iran the United States West Virginia . His father is in Iran for the funeral of Eslami ’s grandfather His father man does n’t want to name him out of The government of Iran it may impede His father ’s chances of return . " My father will she traveling back from the United States hours or so His father to D. C. , " he said . " I have Amir Eslami my life on hold to make sure there Iran n’t any complications , injustices or His father he   . his He told CNN His father been communicating with Sen. Amir Eslami Manchin ,    Virginia , to help ensure his father ’s The younger man passage . His father Eslami and his The younger man are both medical students at the West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine his father is a professor in the His father Department at the His father Virginia University His father of Technology .   " I spoke with him a few CNN ago , His father said . " He will be heading to the airport in a few hours to go to Istanbul . He is obviously His father loss of his father , but overall he is an optimistic and rational , educated Amir Eslami and Amir Eslami expresses negative Eslami and his sister . His father 
 His father His father His father His father His father Washington Dulles International Airport Amir Eslami Istanbul 