  ( CNN ) In the last third of the final debate , Donald Trump fell apart .   Donald Trump ’d gotten in some hits on Hillary Clinton and was well on Donald Trump way to turning in Donald Trump best performance of the three presidential debates .   Then , Donald Trump refused to say Donald Trump ’d accept the election ’s results . And Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton " such a nasty woman . "   Any gains Donald Trump had made were undone , and Donald Trump blew Donald Trump last big , nationally televised chance to broaden Donald Trump base     making a case to women , moderates and disaffected Republicans whose rejection has left Donald Trump far behind in the national polls .   Here are CNN ’s takeaways from the final debate of the 2016 presidential race :   Donald Trump refuses to accept election ’s outcome , The integrity of the vote is the very foundation of American democracy     and on Wednesday night , Donald Trump was toying with the vote .   Asked by moderator Chris Wallace whether moderator Chris Wallace ’d accept the election ’s results , moderator Chris Wallace said : " I will look at he’d accept the election’s results at the time . "   The answer was stunning     and immediately became the one that would dominate all    coverage .   Donald Trump repeatedly used the word " rigged "     bemoaning media bias , inaccurate voter rolls and the FBI ’s decision not to charge Clinton over Clinton use of a private email server .   Pressed again on whether Donald Trump ’d accept the election ’s outcome , Donald Trump revealed Donald Trump motivations . " I will keep you in suspense , " Donald Trump said .   " That ’s horrifying , " Clinton shot back .   It was the biggest moment of the night     and perhaps of all three debates . By entertaining the idea that Donald Trump ’d refuse to concede the election if Donald Trump loses , Donald Trump guaranteed the topic would dominate in the precious few days Donald Trump has left to catch Clinton .   Bad spot for Republicans , Donald Trump has put every other Republican on the ballot this November in yet another tough spot .   This time , less than three weeks from the election , they less than three weeks from the election be forced to decide between defending Donald Trump and defending the integrity of the democratic process .   They less than three weeks from the election have to explain why Donald Trump went somewhere even Donald Trump running mate would n’t go .   Mike Pence told CNN ’s Dana Bash just an hour before the debate started : " I ’ve said before that we ’ll certainly accept the outcome of this the election " Afterwards , Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Donald Trump would accept the elections results " because he will Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , " then left an interview when Bash continued Dana Bash question Donald Trump statement . Trump Donald Trump drew immediate rebukes from Republicans who have already rejected him . Donald Trump Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said Trump is Donald Trump doing the party and the country a great disservice . "   Even conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham , a reliably    voice , was n’t having it .   " He should Donald Trump said he would Donald Trump the results of the election . There is no other option unless we ’re in a recount again , " she tweeted .   Given Trump ’s Donald Trump fight with his fellow Republicans Donald Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan , he may not Donald Trump that conservatives are unhappy . But he needs Republicans Donald Trump turn out on November 8 if he ’s going Donald Trump win   —    and his party needs Donald Trump same voters to keep control of Congress . ’Such a nasty woman’ Trump ’s biggest political challenge is his huge disadvantage with women Trump    But you would n’t have known it when     with minutes    in the debate     he interrupted Clinton , leaning Trump the mic and saying : " Such a nasty woman . "   It was the culmination of a night of interruptions and asides that could alienate the very voters Trump needs most . " Wrong , " he said over and over Trump " You ca n’t , " he said as Clinton described Trump plan . Clinton Clinton attempted to interject during Clinton of his answers , Trump held Clinton his hand Trump " Excuse Clinton     my turn , " he said .   Meanwhile Clinton his insistence that the multiple Clinton who have come forward accusing him of sexual assault since Clinton second presidential debate left Clinton an opening to point Clinton that his defense , used repeatedly Clinton rallies , has been to suggest the women were n’t attractive enough .   " Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger . He goes Donald their dignity Donald their    women I do women think there is a woman anywhere who does n’t know what that feels like , " she said .   When a woman anywhere who doesn’t know what that feels answered that " nobody has more respect for women than I do , " moderator Wallace had to admonish the crowd , which had started laughing .   Trump always takes the bait Trump Early on , the debate resembled the policy battle you might hear in any other election   —    a surprising departure for the 2016 campaign . The two jousted over the types of justices they ’d nominate for the justices Court . Trump defended gun rights Clinton Trump for abortion rights . Trump landed some clean shots Trump Clinton , mocking her for Clinton a question Trump what a WikiLeaks hack revealed she ’d said in a Trump speech into " a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders . Trump   But Clinton poked and prodded Trump Clinton and once again Trump worked .   Over Trump Trump decision not to raise Trump proposed border wall in a Trump with Mexico ’s president , Clinton said " he choked and Clinton got into Clinton Twitter war . "   When Trump said Russian President Vladimir Putin Trump rather deal with him than Clinton , she said Russian President Vladimir Putin " Clinton that Trump because he ’d rather have a puppet Russian President Vladimir Putin president of the United States . " It was the beginning of Trump ’s slide .   Soon Trump made a big mistake     telling Russian President Vladimir Putin she ’s " been in a Clinton Clinton help " solve problems for 30 years . " The problem is , you talk , but you do n’t get anything done , Hillary . You do n’t , " Clinton said .   That teed up Russian President Vladimir Putin for a memorable answer .   Clinton You know , back in the 1970s , I worked for the Children ’s Defense Fund , and I was taking on discrimination against    kids in schools . He was getting sued by the Justice Russian President Vladimir Putin for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings , " she said Russian President Vladimir Putin   " In the Clinton , I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas . He was borrowing $ 14 million from Russian President Vladimir Putin father to start his businesses . Russian President Vladimir Putin the 1990s , Russian President Vladimir Putin went to Beijing and I said women ’s rights are human rights . He insulted a former Miss Universe , Russian President Vladimir Putin Machado , called her an eating machine , " Clinton Clinton . " And on the day when I was in the Situation Room , monitoring the raid that brought Osama bin Laden to justice , he was hosting the ’Celebrity Apprentice . Osama bin Laden " The results : A    instant poll found 52 % of debate watchers viewed Clinton as the winner compared to 39 Clinton who felt the same about Trump . Trump ’s temperament , Voters’ lack of Trump in Trump ’s temperament and leadership capacity , Trump , are among his biggest political liabilities .   On Wednesday Trump offered a glimpse at how he measures Trump leaders .   Trump praised Trump strongman Bashar       who has Trump chemical weapons     as better than American leaders . " He ’s just much tougher and much smarter Trump her and Obama , " he said . Trump He also continued to Trump to distance himself Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin     or Trump that intelligence officials have said Russia is responsible for hacks into Democratic operatives’ email accounts .   " This is not my best friend , " Trump said . " But if the United States got along with Russia , would n’t be so bad . Russia It was a window into Trump ’s thinking : Strength     almost to Trump exclusion of all else     is paramount , all challenges must be met and no slight can go without rebuttal .    It was the same thinking that led Trump to air his personal grievance with Supreme Trump Justice Ruth Trump Ginsburg in the opening minutes of the debate     and to weigh in when Clinton mocked him for complaining that when " The Apprentice Trump did n’t win awards , Trump " started tweeting that the Emmys were Trump him . "   " Should have gotten it Trump " Trump said . 
 Trump 