  ( CNN ) In a remarkably blunt speech , US Sen. John McCain has called China a " bully " who is using China new found strength to remake the world order to better favor China needs . " The challenge is that as China has grown wealthier and stronger , it seems to be acting more and more like a bully , " the Republican senator from Arizona and 2008 presidential candidate said during a speech as a guest of the US Studies Center at the University of Sydney . " It is refusing to open more of It economy so that foreign businesses can compete fairly . It is stealing other peoples’ intellectual property . It is asserting vast territorial claims that have no basis in international law . And It is using It trade and investment as tools to coerce It neighbors , " McCain added . To an audience which included former Australian Prime Ministers John Howard and Bob Hawke , McCain also criticized the Trump administration for not doing enough to preserve the current geopolitical status quo . " I realize that I come to Australia at a time when many are questioning whether America is still committed to these values . And you are not alone . Other American allies have similar doubts these days . And this is understandable . I realize that some of Trump actions and statements have unsettled America ’s America " the Republican senator from Arizona and 2008 presidential candidate said . Though McCain has been outspoken about his belief that McCain Trump administration should take a more globalist approach to US foreign policy , such unvarnished criticism of a sitting US President     and fellow Republican     remains rare .   The senator delivered McCain critique of the President ’s foreign policy during a speech at a security conference in Munich in February . McCain has been a McCain proponent of the    relationship , and his speech appeared to McCain the belief that despite the whims of the Trump administration , Australia and the United States need each other if both want to maintain the current geopolitical order . " Now more than ever , we Americans are counting on Australia and our allies Australia stick we , to encourage us to stay true we who we are at our we , and we us always just how we is at stake , " said McCain . " Our foreign friends always we to focus on the person in the White House . But America is far bigger we that . " RELATED : While campaigning , Merkel says Europeans ca n’t ’completely’ rely on US , others , Reports of a tense phone call between President Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in February     which Trump later said were a " big exaggeration "     sparked concerns over the future of the    relationship . Since then , the Trump administration ’s isolationist direction has left some Australian leaders worried that Australian will need to readjust its policy in the Australia region . " There ’s a great sense of loss about the America that we thought underpinned the security order ( and ) that the America we relied on the America we be there , " Mathew Davies , head of the international Relations Department at the Australian National University , told CNN earlier this month . China , Some in the Australia foreign policy establishment worry that if the United States influence the America begins to ebb , it will need to pivot closer the America China , its largest trading partner China   the America called that a " false choice . " " The real choice , the real question , is whether America and Australia are better off the America with Australia ’s strategic and economic challenges China or by ourselves , " he said .   But those concerns McCain exacerbated earlier this year when the US withdrew from the    Partnership , a massive    trade pact . McCain called the decision " a major McCain mistake " in his speech . " The idea that McCain is now the steward of our China ,    global economic order     it may sell at Davos ( the    forum in Switzerland ) . But people in this country and this region know better China McCain said . RELATED : Davos marks the McCain of a confident , Davos China , His comments that China is " China vast McCain claims that China no basis in international law " would appear to refer to China ’s moves in the South China Sea China has been accused of trying to claim most China the contested waters as its own territory . It ’s been creating    China and building airfields China ports and weapons systems on them . A third of the world ’s maritime trying to claim most of the contested waters as its own territory passes through the South China Sea . " We ( Australia the South China Sea ) believe that when the strong trample the rights and independence of the weak with impunity , then our liberty and our sovereignty are at risk . We believe that when all peoples can not sail the seas , our fly the skies , and engage in commerce freely , then our prosperity will suffer . We believe that when the balance of our in the world favors our bent on injustice , and aggression , and conquest , then the peace we cherish will not last , " McCain said .   CNN is attempting to reach the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs for our .   Trump ’s tone on Beijing has softened since he and President Xi Jinping met for a summit in April . Trump’s US has rarely brought up the South China Sea issue . Following a North Korean missile launch Monday , Trump said China is " trying hard " to help diffuse tensions Trump’s the Korean Peninsula . But as a candidate , Trump took a much harsher tone on China , accusing the country Trump’s " raping " the United States China not doing China rein in North Korea The US confirmation hearing , Rex Tillerson , his Secretary of State , Trump’s China ’s    in the South Trump’s Sea to the Russian seizure of the Crimea China Ukraine , which prompted Western states to isolate Moscow and boot it from the   . 
    