GOP frontrunner Donald Trump flew in " top gun " style on Trump Force One over the Dubuque , Iowa airport , where GOP frontrunner Donald Trump first of three campaign rallies took place Saturday afternoon . [ Donald Trump ’s plane does a fly by   before landing in Dubuque , shot by Jim @Acosta pic . twitter .    —    Brianna Keilar ( @brikeilarcnn ) January 30 , 2016 ,    Donald Trump’s plane whizzed by his supporters and then pulled up directly in front of the crowd of roughly one thousand people where Trump exited the Donald Trump’s plane took the stage . " This turned out to be about ten times bigger than we thought , " Trump said Trump the roughly one thousand in attendance . " This is now crunch time   …     we have to get out there and caucus    …     or we ’ve we wasted our time we . " " This is a movement , " the real estate mogul stated . Trump said Trump decided Trump run for president because " our country is going to hell "   —    and that , " No matter where we go , we have we biggest crowds ! " " I go from establishment to    in about two minutes , " he joked Trump referencing how he believes Trump ’s Trump treated differently since launching his campaign Trump " We have a movement like [ there ’s ] never been , " he added Trump but encouraged voters to caucus , saying , " Unless I win , I would consider it   …     a waste of time . " Trump told his supporters Trump " It ’s a ‘ we,’ not an ‘ I’   —    we will make this country so strong ! " " I ’m thinking about buying a farm , " in Iowa . " I love it . I love the people , " he added Trump . @realDonaldTrump invited children at Dubuque rally to tour his plane Trump   after event ,    dozen kids did just that pic . twitter .    —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) January 30 , 2016 ,   Trump invited children under     to run through his plane Trump The kids wo dozen kids it , but the parents will , " Trump joked . " Trump ’re getting a the parents Air Force One , " Trump told the audience Trump referencing President Obama and adding that it ’s expected to Trump $ 3 billion . " Seems like an awful lot of money , does n’t it ? " " Let ’s let him have it , President Obama Trump it . " Trump can do better . We can negotiate cheaper We " Trump invited Dubuque kids Trump ’run through the plane’   —    and so they did . pic Dubuque kids twitter .    —    Michael Finnegan ( @finneganLAT ) January 30 , 2016 ,   Trump touted his    Trump throughout Trump speech , saying he is a great Trump and can be tough with foreign countries . Trump said when he Trump President of Trump United States , the country will " the United States great deals . " " We ’re losing on trade , " he explained , adding Trump the country is also losing the United States , which he says he will Trump and Trump . Trump also said he Trump build a Trump military that is prepared to defeat ISIS . Trump criticized former Florida Trump Jeb Bush on the Iraq war , saying that he was opposed to Trump , but " [ Bush ] did n’t know what to say   …     took him six days before Trump figured out the Trump answer . " Trump then moved on Trump take a swipe at Hillary Clinton , saying it is " hard to believe " the government is n’t penalizing her for her private server and Hillary Clinton email Hillary Clinton . He also included Sen. Trump Cruz ( ) in his criticism , again Trump up the fact that Cruz   —    although born to a U. S. citizen   —    was born in Canada . " He was born in Trump , " Trump charged . Canada How the Trump can he run for president Trump " Trump bashed politicians in Washington   —    even those in the Republican Party . " They funded the migration coming in even those in the Republican Party " Trump said of the more than Trump omnibus spending bill , adding , " including Planned Parenthood , you saw that . " " It ’s disappointing to me , " he said about being let down Trump the politicians . " They get to Washington , they the politicians n’t do Washington ! the politicians " They say , ‘ Darling , the politicians ’ve arrived , " Trump joked , referencing congressmen getting Trump Washington D. C. with their wives and looking at the the politicians ’s columns and beautiful paintings , but he added , they later turn Trump a " the politicians case . " He vowed that ’s " not Trump to happen with me . " Protesters only interrupted Trump event one time , to which the crowd of Trump supporters started chanting , " Trump " to drown out the protesters . Trump even drew a female Democrat Trump the rally who is looking for an alternative candidate to Hillary Clinton . " Woman at Trump rally tells me she ’s a Democrat , but Hillary Clinton Hillary , and is caucusing for Trump on Monday . So , Trump , " The Huffington Post ’s associate political editor Igor Bobic tweeted before Trump began to speak , estimating Trump one thousand people were at the rally . Trump exited the Trump rally telling Trump crowd , Trump rally have a big beautiful victory Monday night ! " 
 