’   ’ ’    Donald John Trump was inaugurated on Friday as the 45th president    of the United States . ’ ’    Donald John Trump took the oath of office in front of the Capitol just after    noon Eastern time . ’ ’    The       magnate beat The      magnate Democratic rival    Hillary Clinton in a shocking victory in the 2016 election , and    The      magnate will start off The      magnate administration with Republicans controlling    both the House of Representatives and the Senate . ’ ’    Hundreds of thousands of people flocked to Washington , DC , for    the big event , and Trump has been     the inauguration festivities on his Twitter Trump for days . ’ ’    Trump signed Trump executive orders shortly after his     Trump ’ ’ ’ ’    his inauguration , Trump Trump his inaugural Trump address Trump ’ ’    " Today we are not merely transferring power from one    administration to another , or from one party to another , but we    are transferring we from Washington , DC , and giving it back to    you , the    , " Trump said . ’ ’    " For too long , a small group in our nation’ ’s capital has reaped    the rewards of our nation’ ’s government while our people have    borne the cost . " ’ ’    Trump attacked the Washington Trump throughout his speech    and Trump his praise on the Trump people . ’ ’    " This moment is your moment . It belongs to you , " Trump said . " Trump    belongs to It gathered here today and everyone watching all    across America . This is your day . This is your celebration . And    this , the United States of America , is your America . " ’ ’    Trump said his inauguration Trump be Trump as the day " the    people became the rulers of this nation again . America ’    " The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten your country longer , " Trump said . " Trump is listening to you now . " ’ ’    Trump described the poverty Trump job loss , and crime that he said    plagued Trump country . ’ ’    your country American carnage stops right here and stops right now , " he    added . Trump "    He commented on foreign Trump and the economy , saying the US ’s    military and wealth had been depleted at the expense of other    countries . " ’    " We’’ve defended other nations ’’ borders while refusing to defend    our own and spent trillions and trillions the US dollars overseas    while America’ ’s infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and    decay , " Trump said . " We’’ve made other countries rich while the We’’ve wealth , strength , and confidence of our country has dissipated    over the horizon . " ’ ’    Trump described American factories shutting down and Trump moving    overseas . ’ ’    " But that is the past , " he said . " And we are Trump looking to the    future . " ’ ’    He also touted his " America first Trump motto that Trump to inform    much of his foreign and domestic policy throughout his Trump . ’ ’    " Trump this day forward , it’ ’s going to be only America first , " he    said . " Every decision it’ , on taxes , on immigration , on    foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and    American families . " ’ ’    Trump also pushed a message of unity at a time when the country    is bitterly divided on partisan lines . ’ ’    " Whether we are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same    red blood of patriots , " he said . ’ ’    Using his Trump slogan , Trump ended his address Trump saying that    Trump together Trump we will make America great again . " ’ ’ ’ ’President Trump : " We will make America proud again . We we make America America again . And we yes , America , we will make America great again . " we 
 America 