  ( CNN ) A Muslim community group in New Jersey has filed a federal lawsuit against the city of Bayonne , alleging    bias as the reason the city of Bayonne zoning board denied an application for a mosque .   The suit , filed last week on the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , comes after a protracted zoning battle in the    suburb some five miles from New York City .   The complaint alleges that Bayonne ’s zoning board , under pressure from    protesters , denied zoning variances to the proposed mosque that they readily Bayonne’s zoning board, under pressure from   protesters, denied zoning variances to the proposed mosque that they readily granted to Christian churches to Christian churches .   The Department of Justice is investigating the situation , Matthew Reilly , spokesman for the US attorney ’s office for the District of New Jersey , told CNN . " Every single community has their own Every single community of worship , we ’re CNN asking for our own CNN " said Ali Hassan , a     member of the Muslim community whose family moved to Bayonne from Egypt when he was Hassan the third grade . A former captain of the high school swim team , Hassan told CNN he CNN Hassan felt at home in Bayonne . Bayonne was n’t until he encountered Hassan at zoning board meetings that he said Hassan ’d Hassan any animosity . " People were invoking ( Donald ) Trump to come save Bayonne from Bayonne mosque , " Hassan said Hassan " People were saying , ’Remember   . Stop the mosque.’ This is not the Bayonne Bayonne Bayonne " The protests , he said , Hassan despite the fact that Muslims in Bayonne had been Bayonne at a rented space for years . " I was shocked , " he said . Hassan Why now that we own a building ? " The mosque is proposed for an old warehouse at the end of a    street on the city ’s east side . The structure , built as a factory , previously housed a chapter of the Hired Guns Motorcycle Club , " made up of sworn law enforcement officers , " according to its website . the Hired Guns Motorcycle Club " We want to bring love and hope into that community , " Hassan said of the neighborhood . " I think we are in We of a position to do that than a motorcycle club . " Traffic and noise concerns , To build the mosque into the existing space , Bayonne Muslims     the nonprofit organization that owns the space     went to the city in August 2015 to request zoning exemptions . It asked for " Traffic and noise concerns, To build the mosque into the existing space, Bayonne Muslims    the nonprofit organization that owns the space     that a buffer between the existing building and adjacent properties be waived , and that it be able to provide less parking than required .   Ultimately , after three tumultuous public hearings , the proposal failed " Traffic and noise concerns, To build the mosque into the existing space, Bayonne Muslims    the nonprofit organization that owns the space     approval at a March 6 meeting . The vote was    in favor of the project , but a supermajority     greater than the four votes in favor     was required under state law .   Mark Urban , chairman of the Bayonne Zoning Board who voted against the project , said the project ’d been advised by his attorney not to comment he But in the minutes of the board ’s March 6 the Bayonne Zoning Board Urban said he did n’t think there was he parking in the area to accommodate the mosque . Given that and concerns over general congestion , he said he could n’t agree he support he application . Zoning Commissioner Edouardo Ferrante also voted no , saying the project " is just too much for this small community , " according to the minutes . Commissioner Louis Lombardi the minutes of the board’s March 6 meeting was worried about the " negative Zoning Commissioner Edouardo Ferrante on the neighborhood . " " We expected completely different results , " CNN Akbar , a spokesman for Bayonne Muslims , told CNN in April . " We provided everything that the city asked CNN . " During the public hearings , some opponents expressed concern over the traffic and noise a mosque might bring to their    street . Others cited verses some opponents the Koran they asserted supported violence against   . Others According to the complaint , opponents of the mosque took out ads in the a mosque calling for a boycott of two    local businesses and entreating readers to " Remember   . "   A picture posted to the " Stop the Mosque in Bayonne " group on Facebook showed a man holding a sign that read , in part , " Democracy or Sharia Law . " The complaint notes that two Christian churches were recently granted similar or more sweeping variances by the board . " As is happening in The Zoning Board America , phony zoning issues were used to block our mosque because of bigotry against Muslims , " Abdul Hameed Butt , president of Bayonne Muslims , said through his attorney . " The Zoning Board subjected our " Abdul Hameed Butt, president of Bayonne Muslims to completely different standards than those it applied to Christian churches . " Jay Coffey The Zoning Board city attorney for Bayonne , declined to comment on the suit , citing policy to not speak about active litigation . An attorney for the zoning board could not immediately be reached for The Zoning Board for comment went unanswered by the administrators of the " Stop the Mosque in Bayonne " Facebook group . ’Severe discrimination faced by Muslims’ The Bayonne alleges violation of the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized the suit . The law , enacted in 2000 , requires any zoning decision that puts a " substantial burden " on religious practice to be justified by a compelling interest on the part of the government . The law also grants the Department of Justice purview to sue on religious groups’ behalf .    According to a report on the law the department issued in 2016 , " there is particularly The law faced by Muslims in land use . " The Bayonne mosque is one of several cases in recent years where zoning laws have kept Muslims from building community centers or houses of worship . Mosque projects also faced opposition in Sterling Heights , Michigan Wayne , New Jersey and Henrico , Virginia . 
 