Donald Trump addressed the nation from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania   —    not far from where President Lincoln delivered President Lincoln famous address in 1863   —    on Saturday afternoon , where President Lincoln laid out President Lincoln closing arguments ahead of the election in 17 days . [ " President Lincoln served at at time of division like we ’ve never seen before . It is my hope that we we look at his President Lincoln to heal the divisions we we living through right now , " Trump stated , noting that he President Lincoln n’t a politician . " When I saw the trouble our country was in , I knew I could n’t stand by and watch any longer . Our our country been so good to me . I love our country our country felt I had to act . "   " Change has to come from outside our very broken our , " he Trump , touting that he Trump the candidate that can create change in Washington , D. C. He Trump a number of problems facing the country , our country fraud   —    an issue Trump has discussed recently while on the campaign trail . " According to Pew , there are 24 million voter registrations in the United States that are either invalid or significantly inaccurate , " Trump claimed . He Trump there are Trump . 8 million dead people registered to vote " and some of them are voting . " Trump also said that Trump . 8 million people are registered in more than one state to vote and that 14 percent of    are registered to vote . " The system is also rigged because Hillary Clinton should have been precluded from running for the presidency of the United States , the United States and the Justice Department covered up her crimes , " Trump stated Hillary Clinton his Trump , adding Trump Hillary Clinton is running against change Hillary Clinton There ’s nothing better or stronger than the American character , " he declared , asking Trump to rise above the noise from what he calls a rigged Trump and rigged media . The Republican nominee laid out his plan for his first 100 days The Republican nominee office if The Republican nominee is to become President of the The Republican nominee States , listing six measures he plans to execute in order to The Republican nominee up special interests and collusion in Washington , D. C. The six measures include : Trump went six measures he plans to execute in order to clean up special interests and collusion in Washington, D. C. a variety of ways that he plans to change government spending , including canceling Trump of dollars being sent to the United Nation ’s climate change programs as well as canceling federal funding for sanctuary cities . He promised an economic plan to benefit the American Trump and tax reductions for the middle class . The Republican nominee also touted his plan to restore Trump end Common Core education Trump illegal immigration , and repeal and replace Obamacare with health savings accounts . Trump ’s speech comes as two recent general election polls   —    LA    Tracking and    Tracking   —    show him tied with Clinton . 
 Trump’s 