Sen. Marco Rubio , Sen. Ted Cruz , and Gov. John Kasich all suggested Friday night that Donald Trump was partly responsible for the    mob shutdown of Donald Trump own rally in Chicago . [ " I would n’t say Donald Trump is responsible for the events of tonight , but he Donald Trump certainly , in other events    …      bears some responsibility for the general tone of the things that have [ been ] happening before , " said Rubio , as he Rubio to blame Trump Donald Trump prior protests   —    and clashes   —    at his Rubio .   " I think it ’s the job of leaders not to stoke that anger , but to use that that anger and channel it in that anger way that allows us to reach solutions , as opposed to stoke that anger that anger way that drives us to a political victory on a given election year , " Rubio told CNN shortly after he declared he Rubio " Rubio sad for our country . " Cruz packaged his criticism of Rubio in the same       tone .   " This is a sad day . Political discourse should occur in this country without our country of violence , without anger and rage and hatred directed at each other , " he said in Rubio Meadows , Illinois , just north of downtown Chicago . He continued   Rubio today , over 30 people were arrested in one rally , and then tonight , as violence broke out , the rally was cancelled one rally Now the responsibility for that lies with protestors who took violence into their own hands , but violence any campaign , responsibility starts at the top . Any candidate is responsible for the culture of the campaign and when you any campaign campaign that disrespects the voters , when you have a campaign that affirmatively encourages violence , when you have a campaign that is facing allegations of physical violence against members of the press , you create an environment that only encourages this sort of nasty discourse . The prior rally , where people were arrested , was a Trump rally in St. Louis , Missouri . Ohio Gov. John Kasich released a similar statement : Tonight the seeds of division that Donald Trump has been sowing this Trump finally bore fruit , and it was ugly . Some let their opposition to his views slip beyond Some into violence Trump but we can never let that happen . I urge people to resist that temptation and rise to a higher level . Now is the time for Americans to come together and stand firm for what we know is true : we are great because we are a we people who live we the rule of law . We are stronger together , we will we those who try to we us for personal gain and we will we it the right way we   at the ballot box . Trump ignored the criticism from his rivals , and pointed towards the Trump of diverse radicals who waved Mexican and communist flags , carried    slogans , wore Islamic headgear , and stomped on American flags . " It ’s a little bit sad when you ca n’t have a rally in a major city in this country    …      What ever happened to freedom of speech ? What ever happened to the right to get together ? " Trump told MSNBC . " Our nation is totally divided , " Trump told Fox . " We have Trump many different sets of Our and hopefully we ’ll be able to bring it Our . I ’m a unifier so many different sets of divisions President Obama has not been a unifier , he ’s been a divider . I President Obama a unifier , I ’ll bring people together . " 
 