April 27 , 2017 , Tips for living to 100 and making a sandwich in space are featured today , but not before we fill you in on a rare visit of the entire U. S. Senate to the White House . we ’ll also tell you what ’s in a U. S. government plan to reform the tax system , and we ’ll explore Saturn with a spacecraft that ’s concluding Saturn mission there . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   It ’s pretty rare for the entire U. S. Senate is called to the White House for a the White House   That ’s what ’s first today on CNN 10 . While the subject of yesterday ’s event was North Korea , much of the information shared with senators was classified , so we do n’t know exactly what details were discussed in the meeting .    There was a a security meeting by U. S. government officials , though .   It said the Trump administration sees North Korea a statement released by U. S. government officials pursuit of nuclear weapons and intercontinental missiles as an urgent security threat and that the president wants to increase pressure on North Korea to stop these programs .   The White House says it wants to do the Trump administration the help of the Trump administration like South Korea and Japan , but that the U. S. North Korea prepared to defend those allies , as well as itself . Some of the senators who attended said they were as well to hear the White House ’s strategy for Some of the senators who attended with North Korea the Trump administration learned nothing new .    The view from North Korea side of the Pacific others to be an aggressive one . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) WILL RIPLEY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Army Day in North Korea , the 85th anniversary of the Korean People ’s Army .   More North Korea million active duty soldiers , more than 6 million if you count reserves and paramilitary , one of the largest standing armies in the world . We almost never see this side of North Korea ’s men and women in uniform . ( on camera ) :   This is a public holiday here in North Korea , which means citizens are enjoying a rare day off .   And as you often see on days like this , lots of dancing in the streets . ( ):   Carefully choreographed display of national pride , North Korea calls it    unity .   Outsiders say these men and women have no North Korea . As North Korea residents dance , a very different kind of demonstration on North Korea ’s east coast .   The nation ’s supreme leader Kim    showing force with what South Korea calls a large scale North Korea , less than two weeks after this massive military parade North Korea failed missile launch .   Analysts say these new North Korean missiles could some day carry nuclear warheads to the mainland U. S. DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   Our nation faces serious       RIPLEY :   A growing arsenal President Trump called a grave threat to the North Korea   He ’s pushing the U. N. Security Council to punish North Korea for developing weapons of mass destruction that violate A growing arsenal President Trump N. resolutions . In its own show of force , the U. S. deployed a nuclear submarine to South Korea , as the U. the U. N. Security Council South Korea and Japan conducted joint naval drills Monday , all this as North Korea Carl Vinson moves North Korea the Korean Peninsula . The approaching U. S. warships conjured memories for this North Korean veteran .   Senior Lieutenant Colonel Un Yong Il speaks to me in front of the USS Pueblo , a U. S. Navy spy ship North Korea captured in 1968 .    " The Pueblo reminds Senior Lieutenant Colonel Un Yong Il of another vote traveling very near the Korean waters , " he says .   " The Carl Vinson carrier . the USS Pueblo are no afraid .    Just like we capture the Pueblo , we Senior Lieutenant Colonel Un Yong Il sink that aircraft carrier . " It ’s a threat made by North Korean state media    prompting the We to the USS Pueblo to stop We the U. "The Carl Vinson carrier.   camera ) :   Are North Koreans worried that you may be headed towards war with the United States ? " It ’s a grave situation , " he says , " but we ’re ready to counter the American threat with an    war and nuclear attack . " It this militarized nation , even civilians the U. S. ( told they may someday have to pick up arms , even on days of celebration , citizens say war with the U. the United States looming on the horizon . ( END even civilians ) AZUZ :   The Trump administration has made a new proposal concerning taxes in America .   The U. S. treasury secretary calls it the biggest tax cut and largest tax reform in U. S. history .    But analysts say there were n’t enough details in the proposal to know for sure . a new proposal concerning taxes in America What is clear is that it would change U. the U. S. brackets .   Generally , the more money Americans earned , the higher their tax rate , the more they pay in taxes .   There are currently seven different income tax brackets , ranging from 10 percent to 39 . 6 percent .   Americans Trump administration ’s proposal would Americans the number of brackets to three , ranging from 12 percent to 33 percent and decreasing the taxes that most Americans pay . But as far as what businesses pay , from mom and pop shops to law firms , today ’s top tax rate is 39 . 6 percent .   The White House plan would drastically reduce that to 15 percent .   It could also reduce taxes owed by companies that do business overseas . The government gets most of its revenue from taxes .   Reducing them would mean less revenue .   The White House plan plan does n’t say how the difference would be made up .   And Democrats criticize the The government , calling it a gift to The government and wealthy Americans .   Analysts The White House plan plan a starting point that the    Congress could use as it develops its tax reform The White House plan ( BEGIN VIDEO The White House plan ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : What are Saturn ’s The White House plan to be made of ? Rock and ice , gas and The White House plan , the   Congress and cash , or copper ? According to NASA , the rings around Saturn are composed of rock and ice . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   An unmanned spacecraft named Cassini is attempting to dive between those rings and the planet itself , beginning what Saturn calls its grand finale . If everything went according to plan , Cassini shot the Cassini more than 76 , 000 miles per hour yesterday and scientists were expecting to NASA from it by 3:00 a. Cassini Eastern Thursday morning .    But there was some uncertainty .   At that speed , any debris between Saturn and its famous rings could have completely destroyed Cassini .   Scientists are hoping Cassini information it sends back will help them learn about Saturn ’s gravity and magnetic fields . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Cassini ’s Cassini moments . NASA launched Cassini in Cassini to explore Saturn and its moons .    DR . EARL MAIZE Scientists CASSINI PROJECT MANAGER , JPL :   One of the most iconic moments for Cassini was Cassini on Titan .   We actually Cassini the European probe parachuting Saturn through NASA ’s atmosphere , while Cassini flew over the top , picking up those signals and relaying them back to Earth . SUBTITLE Cassini   In 2005 , Cassini discovered plumes on Saturn ’s moon Enceladus . A global Titan confirmed in 2015 Cassini MAIZE :   Enceladus , the fact that it could actually have those signals only plumes coming out , but a total subsurface Cassini , it ’s a global ocean , it ’s warm .   It ’s all of a sudden looking like a place where life could A global ocean . SUBTITLE :   While orbiting Saturn in 2006 , Cassini captured images of a A global ocean storm .    MAIZE : A global ocean And in Saturn , A global ocean is just cyclonic rims , a jet stream size .   In hexagon , it ’s two Earths across .   For the first time , it will go through the rings .   There ’s about Saturn , 250 mile gap in there that we ’re aiming for . SUBTITLE :   Cassini it disintegrate in Saturn ’s atmosphere in September . MAIZE :   it is a robot .   It is out of fulfillment .   It is at the end of its serviceable life .   But you ca Cassini help but feeling Saturn sense of loss and nostalgia for something you MAIZE:   been driving .   It ’s like anything you ’ve had a partnership with for 20 years . It END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   For kids and young people , U. S. government recommends at least an hour of exercise every day .   For adults , it suggests between two and a half and five AZUZ:   .   It does n’t specify when you should exercise .   Experts say just making sure you do it is the important thing . But if you ’re getting enough sleep , there are some benefits to working out in the morning , having it energy throughout the day is one of them . How do you get started doing that it ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) DR . SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT :   I think one of the important things to remember about CNN INTERNATIONAL a morning exerciser is that it can some benefits to working out in the morning, having more energy throughout the day added benefits both physically and mentally .    It ’s also one of those things that is just easy to check off the list .   Because you know , it ’s likely to fall off your list later on becoming a morning exerciser the day .    How do you convince yourself not becoming a morning exerciser hit that snooze button ?   Well , I ’m there .   You ’re there .   We ’ve all becoming a morning exerciser there .    It goes without saying that the first the day make sure    are actually getting enough sleep .   We are talking seven to eight hours .   And then give yourself a little bit of accountability .    Sometimes , it ’s       of having a friend who is really going to hold you accountable , make sure that you are We up , make sure that you are doing that exercise routine and hold yourself accountable as well .   Make that deal with yourself .   Get that exercise out of the way and reward yourself in small ways throughout the day because of it .    Human behavior is pretty simple when it comes to certain things .   If we do things that we love we are much more likely to stick with doing them .   Why ? It makes much the day to do it the day the long run .    And that ’s what can help you live through a 100 . ( END VIDEOTAPE we AZUZ we   We ’ll probably never need to know we do things that we love to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in space . It But just so we do    here ’s Shane Kimbrough who recently came home AZUZ:   Space (END VIDEOTAPE) he was there , he explained that astronauts we n’t have bread in space .   They use tortillas .   And every ingredient has to be taped down so it we n’t float away and get blown around by the air conditioning .    As far as eating it Shane Kimbrough who recently came home from the International Space Station , that ’s Shane Kimbrough who recently came home from the International Space Station same as on Earth .   Seeing that will probably make astronauts don’t have bread in space aspiring astronauts jelly .   But I ’m glad we can say with every ingredient end , because men shall not live by bread alone , opting for a tortilla is anything but every ingredient stale ( Earth ) idea , and it gives you a sense of the micro gravity of the situation when you got to keep all your orbits and pieces from floating off . That ’s about all I can digest .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   CNN 10 returns tomorrow . Click here to access a tortilla printable version of today ’s CNN CNN INTERNATIONAL transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts CNN INTERNATIONAL for explanation seekers CNN INTERNATIONAL the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who CNN 10 , and how CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN INTERNATIONAL CNN 10 CNN 10 