  ( CNN ) On a day which will see 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judges hear arguments for and against President Donald Trump ’s travel ban , one man in Virginia talked about a personal ruling one man in Virginia made years ago . Rich McKinless , a    Republican who voted for neither Hillary nor Bill Clinton , nor Barack Obama , has made a habit of opening Bill Clinton doors to those in need of shelter . And , of late , Rich McKinless, a   Republican who voted for neither Hillary nor Bill Clinton, nor Barack Obama often has included Muslim refugees . " We ’re blessed to have four children , so once they four children leaving the home , we We lots of space to take in anyone who might need space , " the Northern Virginia resident told Brooke Baldwin on Tuesday . McKinless ’s daughter     Ashley , an associate editor at America : The Jesuit Review     has been so inspired by her The Jesuit Review     ’s efforts she The Jesuit Review     a piece for her The Jesuit Review     , lauding her The Jesuit Review     and dad ’s mission . " My parents are no    liberals .   You will not find them My parents at Dulles ( airport ) , " she The Jesuit Review     .   " But they My parents Christians , and they My parents the United States . " Also joining Baldwin on " CNN Newsroom , " the younger McKinless offered a glimpse into what she the younger McKinless as an enriched upbringing . " I learned welcoming the stranger is not a burden . It the stranger really a joy , an opportunity to learn about people who are different from you and to create lifelong friendships . " Within his Manassas community , which lies roughly 30 miles west of Washington , D. the younger McKinless that he ’s been his with nothing short of support from neighbors and friends alike . " Everybody saw it as an opportunity to jump in and welcome new Americans , " he said . his the McKinless family has made a practice of hosting those needing refuge for years , it was Ashley it article and video     published online last week in response to the President ’s executive order barring travel for people from certain countries     that shined a light on their own    certain countries     . Writing about her time living at home , Ashley noted that Ashley could " Ashley remember a time growing up when we did not have a cousin or a friend of a friend or a complete stranger living in the guest room . " 
 