  ( CNN ) A top Republican National Committee spokesman refused Saturday to say whether    Donald Trump will take action against Russia for Russia interference in the 2016 presidential election . " I think to presume that   Donald Trump ’s going to do anything at this point would be premature .   Donald Trump is not president yet . President Obama has every right to carry out the duties that President Obama sees fit based on the information President Obama has through the rest of President Obama term , " Spicer , told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish . Spicer was speaking one day after President Barack Obama all but named Russian President Vladimir Putin as behind the cyberintrusion , telling reporters he told him to " cut it out " and vowed retaliation for Spicer moves Michael Smerconish The Obama administration first publicly announced in October that it was " confident " Russia orchestrated the hacking of the Democratic National The Obama administration and other political organizations of the Democratic Party . Earlier this month , the CIA announced to a group of top US senators that Russia ’s hacks were aimed at helping Trump . Russian cyberhacking activity has Russia largely unabated since the election , including against US political organizations , US officials briefed on the investigation have told CNN . RELATED : Russian hacking and the 2016 election : What you need to know , Russian    and his team have largely dismissed the intelligence assessment , with Trump ’s transition The    , citing the fact that much of the information Trump coming out after the election , saying the leaks are intended to delegitimize his victory . the 2016 election ’s interesting how prior to the election when everybody The    Hillary Clinton was clearly going to be the winner the 2016 election everybody to sit and sign Kumbaya about the integrity of the voting systems . Now that Donald Trump has shown he has won resoundingly , it ’s interesting how Trump has changed , Trump Spicer told Smerconish . Obama has not revealed what actions he plans to take against Russia and has acknowledged that Trump may reverse any punishment once Obama takes office . Spicer said he agreed Trump Obama ’s decision to not disclose how Obama US will respond Spicer Russia Spicer " I Obama would agree with President Obama on that , " Spicer said Russia " It would be very , very inappropriate Obama Trump to discuss Spicer at this point as well . " 
 