         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as Politics   Policy Daily , a daily roundup of events and ideas in American politics written specially for newsletter subscribers . To sign up , please enter your email address in the field provided here .      Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee questioned Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions , Donald Trump ’s pick for attorney general , on attorney general    record during the first day of Senate confirmation hearings . Retired General John Kelly , Donald Trump ’s choice to head the Department of Homeland Security , said ’s choice to head the Department of Homeland Security has " high confidence " in the U. S. intelligence community ’s conclusion that Russia interfered in the presidential election . Republicans postponed Senate confirmation hearings for Betsy DeVos , the nominee for education secretary , Representative Mike Pompeo , the nominee for CIA director , and Andrew Puzder , the nominee for labor secretary . James Clapper , the director of national intelligence , said findings on Russian interference in the presidential election come " from a wide range of sources , including human sources , technical collection , and    information . " Dylann Roof was sentenced to death for fatally shooting nine black parishioners at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in South Carolina in 2015 . President Obama will deliver his farewell President Obama at McCormick Place convention center in Chicago at 9 p. m. ET . A Tough Choice : Conservative women who oppose Donald Trump have a decision to make : " Should they stay Conservative women who oppose Donald Trump a political party they feel Conservative women who oppose Donald Trump by , or should they leave Conservative women who oppose Donald Trump GOP ? " While some feel compelled to leave the party a political party are still holding out hope for the incoming administration . ( Clare Foran ) When Conservatives Attack : Meryl Streep quickly received pushback from Republicans for her criticism of Meryl Streep Trump at Sunday night ’s Golden Globes . But , Conor Friedersdorf writes : " Every American ought to be glad that Streep delivered the Meryl Streep of her message , Meryl Streep as we do that    celebrities have the   ’s attention . " Taking a Gamble : Repealing parts of the Affordable Care Act that " massively " contribute to state and local economies " would remove millions of jobs and contract economic activity across states , " according to several reports . Despite the research , experts can not determine the exact effects of a repeal . ( Vann R. Newkirk II ) Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics   Policy portal . The Legacy Will Live On : Despite Republican criticism and proposals to dismantle key policies of Barack Obama ’s administration , Jonathan Chait argues that the president " enacted careful , deep , and mostly popular solutions " that wo n’t be easy to do away with . ( New York )     Across the Pond : A number of reports show that the United Kingdom saw a surge in hate crimes following the " Brexit " vote last June . Seven months later , the United States has experienced a similar trend following the 2016 election . Can America learn from the United States British response to the uptick ? ( Patrick G. Lee , ProPublica ) Easier Said Than Done : Ahead of his inauguration ,    Donald Trump , along with his family and his , has attempted to find ways to avoid potential conflicts of interest , but his approach is his unlikely to eliminate all of the potential pitfalls stemming from the complex web " of his private interests his ( Drew Harwell and Rosalind S. Helderman , The Washington Post ) Behind the Movement : On January 21 , thousands of protesters will head to the nation ’s capital —   and to other major cities across the country —   to participate in the Women ’s March . Meet the women who the Women Felsenthal , Vogue ) More Trouble at Fox ? : The New York Times reports that Fox News quietly settled sexual harassment claims brought by a former employee against host Bill O’Reilly last July . Documents obtained by the Times show that when the employee The New York Times his advances , he a former employee against host derail her career . " ( his Steel and Michael S. Schmidt )    The Road Ahead : Senate confirmation hearings for Donald Trump ’s Cabinet picks began Tuesday . Check out this graphic to see the process nominees typically go through in order to be confirmed . ( Kevin Uhrmacher , The Washington Post ) Senate confirmation hearings for    Trump ’s Cabinet nominees Senate on Tuesday . What ’s the Cabinet question you ’d Tuesday afraid to answer honestly at your own confirmation hearing ? Send your answers to hello@theatlantic . com , and our favorites will be featured in Friday ’s Politics   Policy Daily .    by Elaine Godfrey ( @elainejgodfrey ) and Candice Norwood ( @cjnorwoodwrites ) 
 