Sunday , on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " host Chuck Todd got very frustrated with Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ’s ( ) refusal to say if Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz would support rival candidate Donald Trump if Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is the GOP nominee .   Partial transcript as follows : Chuck Todd : [ A]re you going to support Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ? I understand what you believe in the Republican Party . Are you   —    can you support Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ? Can you tell your delegates , lay down your arms , and support rival candidate Donald Trump ? * Crosstalk * CRUZ : I recognize that many in the media would love for me to surrender to Donald rival candidate Donald Trump Chuck Todd : It ’s not about the media , senator , it ’s It the numbers . He may rival candidate Donald Trump . Republican voters are the ones rejecting you . This is not a media conspiracy , senator . CRUZ : *Crosstalk* CRUZ , actually , with all due respect , the media the media $ 2 billion of free advertising to Donald   —    let me ask you a question , for example , how much money did the networks make on every one of the Republican debates ? Millions , right ? Like , lots and lots ? TODD : I have no idea , because we did n’t have a Republican debate . CRUZ : But you know what ’s interesting , Chuck , it ’s been now 49 days since we ’ve had we Republican debate . The Democrats have had a debate , Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders , they ’ve been The Democrats to debate . Donald ca n’t answer questions about his foreign policy Donald He ca n’t Donald questions about how you bring jobs back to this country . He wo n’t Donald   —   . TODD : But why ca n’t you answer the question of whether you can support Donald Trump or not ? You ca n’t answer that question . Why wo n’t you answer that question , that question —    straightforward , black and white ? CRUZ :   Chuck , let me finish this point I ’m making . Even though the media stands to make millions of dollars off of a debate , you hear radio silence from the media about no the media They are giving up millions the media dollars , and the reason is , your network ’s executives are partisan Democrats . Why does n’t every TV station have debate countdown clock ? TODD : You do n’t get to just say that . Wait a minute , you do n’t get to just say that . It ’s just not true , but go ahead . You just throw   —    you ’re broad brushing here , and this is exactly what people hate about the media and politics , broad brushes , right ? CRUZ : Listen , the simple reality is , the media , almost entirely are liberal partisan Democrats . That is the reality of it . The media created this Trump the media and then they do n’t hold him accountable the media Now , I ’m sure the media plan to do so if he ’s the nominee . In him general election , suddenly , you ’re going to hear every day about Donald Trump ’s tax returns . When was the last time you talked about his tax returns ? We ought Donald Trump’s have a debate . There are real differences . Donald wo n’t debate , and the media wo nt hold him the media    …      TODD Donald Can you answer the question about whether you ’re going to support   —    are you going to support Donald Trump if he ’s the nominee Donald Trump’s : I Donald Trump’s going to beat Donald Trump . We are headed to a Donald Trump’s , and we ’re going to win . And I ’m We willing to concede this country . Listen , this is my kids’ future , Chuck , it ’s not simply a game . Follow Pam this On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 