The Democratic nominee for president rallied with supporters and reached out to her GOP rival Donald J. Trump ’s voters Friday at Cuyahoga Community College , just outside of Cleveland . [ " I want to say something to people , who may be reconsidering voters Friday at Cuyahoga Community College, just outside of Cleveland support for my opponent , " said Hillary R. Clinton , who wore a dark green pant suit as her walked around a    stage carrying a wireless microphone and referring from     to printed notes at the podium .   " I know you may still have questions for me , " her said . " I respect that . I want to answer voters Friday at Cuyahoga Community College, just outside of Cleveland . I want to earn your vote . I am reaching out to all Americans , Democrats , Republicans , and Independents . I think America needs every single one of us to bring us energy , us talents , us ambition to build that better country . " The    senator from New York told The   senator from New York supporters that they need to find they friends and    who are still supporting Trump and ask they to vote for The   senator from New York . " I want you to tell they that I want to be your president . I want to be every single American ’s president . " Americans can disagree without being disagreeable , The   senator from New York said . " I know that . I have seen that happen . I want to be a good listener . " Ohio is full of people who are frustrated and angry , The   senator from New York said . " But , anger is not a plan . " Clinton said there were only 18 days left in the campaign and Clinton is asking Americans to think seriously about what Americans really want . " Not just in your next president , but in your lives , in your jobs , your education , in our future together . The former first lady was in great humor throughout the rally , pointing out signs in the crowd and making light of The former first lady and The former first lady opponent . At one point , The former first lady asked if anyone had seen Wednesday night ’s presidential debate . As the crowd roared with approval , The former first lady looked out and milked the applause like an accomplished performer . Then , as the cheers died down The former first lady said it was the last time The former first lady would ever have to debate Trump . The the crowd up again , and then The former first lady told them that the crowd      hours on the same stage as Trump , Trump I proved I have the stamina to be president . " # boom . Ohio has been a strong state for Trump one poll taken after Columbus Day showed the New York City billionaire with 50 percent of the electorate against Clinton ’s 39 percent . But other polls show a much closer race . No Republican has won the White House without Ohio . Ohio fact , there have been eight presidents from Ohio , Ohio Republicans . In the 2012 presidential campaign , President Barack Obama beat his Republican President Barack Obama W. Mitt Romney with 51 percent of the vote to Romney ’s 48 percent . Those results were nearly identical to the national popular vote that had the president President Barack Obama percent of the vote to the vote for the former Massachusetts governor . 
 