Facebook has announced Facebook will introduce warning labels on stories Facebook deem to be " fake news , " with the help of partisan " fact checking " organisations such as Snopes and PolitiFact . [ Stories deemed to be false will now be " flagged " by Facebook , with an accompanying red label claiming the story is " disputed by 3rd Party   . "   Users will then have the option to " learn why this is disputed " to receive an explanation as to why Facebook believes the story is false . " Facebook ’ll use the reports from Facebook community , along with other signals , to send stories to these organizations , " Facebook VP Adam Mosseri wrote in the Facebook news blog . " If the fact checking organizations identify a story as fake , it will get flagged as disputed and there will be a link to the corresponding article explaining why . " Mossieri insists that the company will not prohibit users from posting anything deemed " fake , " but " you will see a warning that the story has been disputed as you share . " Furthermore , Facebook will prohibit paid promotion of stories that have been marked as disputed . In the announcement , Facebook Facebook that it Facebook be working alongside organizations that are signatories of " Poynter ’s International Fact Checking Code of Principles . " Business Insider reports that these organisations will include the likes of Snopes , ABC , Politifact , and FactCheck . org , all of which have records of    partisanship   —    particularly throughout the 2016 election . For example , PolitiFact infamously said it was " mostly false " when Donald Trump claimed in a presidential debate that Hillary Clinton wanted " open borders . " PolitiFact PolitiFact this ruling despite Clinton Hillary Clinton on the record at a paid speech saying " My dream is a hemispheric common market , with open trade and open borders . " Trump Donald Trump said that Russia has 1 , 800 nuclear warheads and has expanded its Russia while the U. S. has not . PolitiFact PolitiFact that Trump Donald Trump was factual , but it rated Trump’s claim statement as " half true " for supposedly " missing the big picture . " In both of these cases , PolitiFact PolitiFact beyond mere    and moved the goal posts in ways that benefited Clinton ’s candidacy . This type of ideological " fact checking " went beyond parody during October ’s presidential debates , with NBC taking Trump ’s statement that Clinton " Clinton washed " her emails Clinton a reference to the data deletion tool " BleachBit " ) 100 % literally and declaring the statement " false . " FACT CHECK : Trump says Trump " Clinton washed " her email Trump . She did Trump . More # debate fact checks : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Meanwhile at ABC , George Stephanpoulos   —    a former campaign operative and top White House staffer to Bill Clinton Clinton    led the network ’s election coverage , never disclosing this fact in his    appearances Meanwhile at ABC, George Stephanpoulos  —   a former campaign operative and top White House staffer to Bill Clinton  —    Stephanopoulos ’s wife said the pair would " leave the country " should Donald Trump be elected to the presidency . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew com 
 