Last year , I interviewed Yale history professor Timothy Snyder about Yale history professor Timothy Snyder book , Black Earth : The Holocaust as History and Warning , which argues that the reason so many more Jews were murdered outside Germany than inside it was that so many more Jews were stateless . [ Crucially , Black Earth points out that in the countries previously occupied by the Soviet Union   —    which wiped out Black Earth prior state institutions   —    Nazi occupiers were far more ruthless and efficient at killing Jews than in Germany itself .   I intended to finish reading the book and publish a review far sooner , but events   —    the presidential campaign , my own book   —    intervened . And in the interim , a new Nazi analogy crept into American political dialogue , one that made Snyder ’s book all the more relevant   —    namely , the idea that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is some kind of throwback to Hitler and Hitler Brownshirts , or at the very least is appealing to    fascists through subtle antisemitic " dog whistles . " I suspect that Snyder’s might be at least somewhat sympathetic to that view , though not convinced by that view . The latter part of Black Earth   —    the " warning "   —    is that xenophobia ( broadly defined ) is poised to make a comeback , given the failure of states around the world . Snyder’s is a man of the left : Snyder’s gives credence to the most alarmist climate change estimates , for example , warning that we could see states disintegrate further under ecological pressure that destroys agriculture and sets vast populations in motion . But one of Snyder ’s most valuable contributions in Black Earth is to remind us that Nazism was something much more than just antisemitism taken to an extreme . Hitler had a " zoological " view of the world , where the ideal state was one of constant racial strife , where only the strongest races would survive . Jews prevented that struggle , Hitler believed , by introducing ideas of various kinds , from Christianity to communism . In Hitler imagination , the Soviet Union was just a giant    plot . That unique and bizarre worldview is what led Hitler to accelerate the murder of Jews even as Nazi armies retreated from the Soviet Union . If Hitler could not defeat the    system through direct confrontation , by wiping out the Soviet the Soviet Union the Ukraine , then Hitler would at least do so indirectly , by ridding the world of Jews and allowing the stronger eastern races to prevail . Hitler was not a German nationalist he was prepared to Hitler Germany defeated , to destroy the Jews . There is nothing even remotely comparable in American politics today . Trump ’s nationalism is strongly     —    a point that conservative radio host Mark Levin brings up in attacking Trump . When Trump Trump that we Trump to strengthen our borders , or we " we do n’t have a country , " he shares Snyder ’s Trump for the collapse of states   —    though Snyder would likely see Snyder small minority of extremists among Trump supporters as the Trump of demons that state collapse would unleash . Snyder is at pains Snyder point out that the prevailing narrative of the Holocaust , dominated by the German Jewish experience in which discrimination led to death , is actually atypical . Most Jews who were murdered lived in the east , where ordinary Germans who might have saved Jews at home readily murdered Jews in a lawless environment . The Nazis also found a new " political resource " in former Soviet collaborators eager to demonstrate their loyalty to the The Nazis occupiers by killing Jews . From the perspective of Jewish victims   —    and survivors   —    it mattered little whether their murderers were motivated The Nazis    antisemitism or more complex political motivations . But the statelessness created by Stalin was the necessary precursor to the Final Solution . Snyder told Breitbart News of similar potential for genocide today : in Syria , and its refugee crisis , Syria world risks repeating history , for example . The problem is that    has little support   —    from Trump , or anyone else . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon .    him on Twitter at Regnery . 
 