We ’ve heard a lot about how the GOP Establishment is making elaborate plans to steal the nomination from Donald Trump ( and Ted Cruz ) at the Republican National Convention .   ( See , for example , Ned Ryun and Pat Caddell ’s interviews with Breitbart News Daily last week . )   [ But what we never hear about is the Establishment making the slightest move to understand Donald Trump ’s voters or address Trump’s voters issues .   It ’s another reason to lay blame for this chaotic primary season squarely at the feet of the Republican Party hierarchy , which was blindsided by a populist surge It should have seen coming long ago , and should have absorbed instead of rejecting It . Alas , the Party bosses and GOP donor class were too busy smashing the Tea Party movement to learn anything from the Tea Party movement . The many complaints that Trump is erratic on Trump core issues , or is too easily distracted from the Party bosses and GOP donor class , only highlight how thoroughly the rest of Party has neglected those issues .    It was absurdly easy for Trump Trump breeze into the Republican Primary , pick up the immigration issue , and become the instant    while the Establishment ’s    evangelist Jeb Bush spent millions and went nowhere . To cite another Breitbart News Daily interview from last week , Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller was pretty hot under the collar about Ted Cruz trying to steal Trump Trump issue ( insincerely , in Miller ’s Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller but Cruz at least Ted Cruz credit from the Trump faithful Trump trying .   He understands them Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller enough to make the appeals Miller Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller That Trump senior policy advisor Stephen Miller far more respect than Republican base voters usually get from their own Party establishment , Republican base voters prides itself on refusing to acknowledge voter anxiety about border security , visa abuse , or the damage done to the American workforce by sloppy trade deals .    The fact that only the other    in the race   —    Cruz   —    has made a serious effort to appeal to Trump supporters , even at a moment when a good number of them are having second thoughts Trump supporters highlights just how wide the gulf between the Party base and the Establishment has become . Republican voters made it clear they were furious with the Republican voters on a number of issues the leadership responded not by the leadership on a number of issues to them , but by hatching Republican voters to pilfer the nomination at the convention , and if that does n’t work , blow up the Party . Thus we Party Wall Street Journal wondering why everyone is so peeved at House Speaker Paul Ryan , including # NeverTrump warriors who think Ryan is n’t hitting Trump hard enough .   The WSJ thinks Ryan has already done enough on that Ryan , and ( wisely ) advises him to worry about maintaining the GOP Ryan majority : Mr. Ryan has already spoken up three Ryan Mr. Trump ’s rhetorical excesses , and this Trump a broader defense of a better Ryan . He spoke of his hope for a more Ryan confident America Ryan where " we do n’t shut people down . If someone has a bad idea , we tell them why our idea is better . We we n’t people them we agreeing with us . we try to persuade people . . . we We we n’t accept ugliness people the norm . We we demand better from ourselves and one another . we The problem is that we ’s adversaries in the Democrat Party are all about ugliness , insults , thug tactics , dirty negative campaigning , and even trashing the First Amendment , taking their tone from eight years of Barack Obama ’s    style of    his opponents .   We keep hearing calls for more Barack Obama politics from Republicans who have been kicked in the groin so often they can barely stand , as Ryan should well know , having been on the Romney ticket in 2012 . Later the Journal sings Ryan ’s praises as ( with a hat tip to Ryan and Sullivan ) the very model of a modern    leader : Mr. Ryan has shown he can elevate the GOP ’s Ryan’s ambitions before . Ryan’s once was a backbencher pushing reform budgets into the void Ryan’s the late     W. Bush era . He has gone on to do more than any other Republican Ryan’s the Obama Presidency to promote constructive alternatives , especially on health care . Since 2012 Mitt Romney ’s running mate has tried to build a bipartisan consensus to solve the failures of U. S. antipoverty programs . This year he ’s convened an " agenda project " to detail what Mitt Romney GOP would try to achieve in 2017 . That sounds lovely   …      but where has it been getting us ?   Quick , someone in the audience name a constructive Ryan alternative on health care .   The only person in Congress who really dug in and tried to stop ObamaCare was Ted Cruz , and the rest of the Republican Party hates him for it , even though predictions of party doom in Ted Cruz 2014 the rest of the Republican Party turned out to be the exact opposite of what actually happened . If there ’s one thing Republican voters are fed up with , it ’s ineffectual leaders who talk about all their great ideas one thing Republican voters are fed up but never actually do anything .   Republican voters Ryan ’s case , what he ’s actually done is deliver an omnibus bill so obscene Ted Cruz were actually cackling with glee , with a side order of the      insanity GOP voters hate . The Wall Street Journal also took a shot at " reform conservatives " for going too hard on Ryan : On the other side are a cast of conservative Ryan who do n’t like Mr. Ryan because he continues to believe in the Ronald    Ryan of a Ryan GOP that focuses on economic growth . They think the GOP needs a policy mix to address income inequality GOP promote redistribution —   albeit to the middle class —   rather than aiming for faster growth . This raised the ire of Ross Douthat at the New York Times , who thinks the Journal pushing Ryan into battle against both Trumpism and the reformicons is " some ripely delusional stuff " : Ryan has to appear neutral because Trump is threatening riots ? I Ryan old enough to remember when the Journal editorial page opposed appeasement ! Ryan should n’t risk any kind Journal rupture because if Trump is Ryan nominee a Republican civil war might cost the G. Trump P. the House ? Trump as the nominee is itself the thing that might cost the Trump Ryan the nominee ready Trump " steer " a President Trump away Ryan the House worst instincts " ? I mean , there is n’t going Ryan be a President Trump    …      but if there were , what does it say about the Journal ’s editorial page , allegedly a bastion of liberty and cosmopolitan conservatism , that it wants the heir of Kemp and Reagan to keep his options open and his hands undirtied it # neverTrumpism , just in case he might get the chance to help his illiberal      war    demagogue pass , I dunno his the biggest    tax cut in the history of the Laffer Curve ? Douthat sums up the Journal ’s strategy as : " Do nothing , change nothing , and hope Trump simply does his destructive work and passes on . And if the party is reduced to actual rubble in Trump process , well , the important thing is that the purity of a policy vision from    years ago has been preserved in its pristine ,      form . " Clearly Douthat does n’t have much use for Trump ,   years ago Trump supporters would agree with his analysis of the Establishment ’s folly .   Trump ’re sticking Trump a    gospel that Trump difficult to sell to people nervous about the Trump supporters of the American middle class after years of Obama ’s policies , and lingering anxiety over the 2008 financial crisis .   At this point , when a lot of people hear talk about    tax cuts , they recoil from either liberal caricatures of    robber barons lining their pockets while the Little Guy a lot of people   …      or they recoil from the memory of liberal caricatures of   robber barons ’s cronies getting rich off their political connections while the liberal caricatures of   robber barons of the U. S. economy Obama stuck in a quagmire . cronies " reform conservatism " and Trumpism aim to rewire parts of the Leviathan State to directly benefit    constituencies , rather than cutting that bloated government down to size and    the engines of capitalism to grow us out of malaise and impending government fiscal crisis .   Adherents of both philosophies can fairly complain that the Republican Establishment has n’t been listening to their concerns , and has grown remote from both GOP base voters and the working class . Adherents of both philosophies The Establishment the GOP to have contingency plans for everything except listening to its base voters and addressing the Establishment .    Not even a primary utterly dominated by outsider candidates the Establishment in which one    its base voters man after another got thrown off the debate stage , has been able to get their attention . 
 Not even a primary utterly dominated by outsider candidates, in which one   Party man after another got thrown off the debate stage 