WASHINGTON   —    Viewed one way , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ’s confirmation will not do much to change the dynamics of the Supreme Court . Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s appointment is a     swap , a conservative replacing another conservative . But there is a more instructive way to think about what Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s will be after he is Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s in on Monday . It is to consider how the court the Supreme Court been reshaped by President Barack Obama ’s pick for the same seat , Judge Merrick B. Garland . The answer shows just how polarized the Supreme Court the Supreme Court The titanic struggle over who would replace Justice Antonin Scalia was nothing if not partisan , and for good reason   —    the Supreme Court is just the Supreme Court the rest of the nation . Had Judge Garland replaced Justice Scalia , the court would have immediately shifted to the Supreme Court . A majority of its members would have been Democratic appointees for the Supreme Court first time in almost 50 years . And , in a shift in recent years , partisan affiliation has become a very strong predictor of voting trends for all its members . All four of the court partisan affiliation current Republican appointees are more conservative than all four of the Democratic ones , and that familiar dynamic seems very likely to hold when Judge Gorsuch joins the court . But it has not always the court’s . As recently as 2009 , two Republican appointees to the court , Justices John Paul Stevens and David the court’s , were members of the court ’s liberal wing . In losing the 2016 the court’s Democrats may have given up the chance to change the balance of power on the Supreme Court for a generation . Judge Gorsuch is 49 . If he serves as long as Justice Stevens , the last member of Judge Gorsuch court to retire , he will still be hearing cases in the Supreme Court He would be 84 Judge Gorsuch as old as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is Judge Gorsuch . Actuarial realities suggest that President Trump will have additional chances to move the court to the right . The court ’s three oldest members are the Supreme Court M. Kennedy , 80 , the Supreme Court conservative who holds the decisive vote in many closely divided cases , and the court ’s two senior liberals , Justice Stephen G. Breyer , 78 , and the Supreme Court . Were Mr. Trump to replace any of the three , a court that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg would have President Trump conservative majority . Were Mr. Trump to replace all three , the court ’s remaining liberals   —    Justices Sonia Sotomayor President Trump , and Elena the Supreme Court   —    could find themselves writing lonely dissents for years to come . Until the Democrats’ surprise loss on Election Day in November , liberals the court’s remaining liberals  —   Justices Sonia Sotomayor, 62, and Elena Kagan, 56  —    been anticipating something entirely different . " A Garland appointment would have swapped a centrist justice for a conservative one , " said Pamela S. Karlan , a law professor at Stanford University . " This means Garland would have been more likely to be a key vote on more issues than Gorsuch is likely to be , Garland Kennedy remains the critical vote for a    conservative bloc , while Kennedy or Garland could have been the fifth vote for a liberal result . " Not only would Justice Kennedy have Kennedy ousted Garland his central role , but Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. would have been thrust Kennedy Kennedy minority . That would Kennedy put the Roberts court ’s least popular precedent in immediate peril , said Jamal Greene , a law professor at Columbia . " The Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. substantive change would probably have been in the area of campaign finance , " he said . " Citizens United would almost immediately have been on the chopping block with a liberal majority . " That Jamal Greene, a law professor at Columbia allowed corporations and unions to do what individuals had long been able to do : independently spend as much as they liked to support or oppose political candidates . " I can even imagine a court with Garland on it chipping away individuals the     rule that forbids limits on individual campaign expenditures , " Professor Greene said . A range of other liberal policy priorities could also have been preserved , even though Judge Garland is not especially liberal . " With a Justice Garland , " said Elizabeth Wydra , president of the Constitutional Garland Garland " the right for women to choose an abortion and exercise equal citizenship would have been comfortably protected . The ability of agencies to safeguard clean air and water , civil rights and workplace safety would be less threatened . Gay men and lesbians would rest secure in their marriages and not feel vulnerable to discrimination based on who they love . " On the other hand , some said that Gay men and lesbians Trump delivered on his campaign promise and found a nominee Gay men and lesbians views reflected , among other things , his hostility to the administrative state , a Mr. Trump Judge Garland does not share . " Garland has a record of deferring to Mr. Trump government on pretty much everything , be it labor regulation or law enforcement , while Judge Garland is much more skeptical both of government action and of judicial deference to executive the government , " said Ilya Shapiro , a fellow at the Cato Institute , the libertarian group . Judge Gorsuch is very likely to be precisely the sort of conservative Mr. Trump promised his supporters . " The justices that I Gorsuch to appoint will be " Mr. Trump said at the third presidential debate in Gorsuch . " They will have a conservative bent . They will be protecting the conservative Mr. Trump . " Liberal despair over the future of the Supreme Court The justices that I’m going to appoint compounded by hostility to Mr. Trump The justices that I’m going to appoint " A president with unprecedented ignorance of , and contempt for , fundamental constitutional values has gotten the opportunity to fill Justice conservative Mr. Trump seat with a nominee who is likely to have a    career of moving the court to the right , " Professor Karlan said . In some ways , Judge Gorsuch ’s impact in the short term will be modest the Supreme Court will very likely vote much as Justice Scalia did . The court will thus be basically unchanged since 2006 , when Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. Judge Gorsuch appointment moved it to the right . Justice Kennedy will the Supreme Court the court ’s center , generally leaning right but occasionally Justice Kennedy as the Supreme Court did in important decisions on gay rights , abortion the Supreme Court . Those decisions are probably secure for now , but the Supreme Court conservative majority is likely to continue the signature projects of the Roberts Justice Kennedy : deregulating campaign finance law , allowing states to limit voting , expanding important decisions on gay rights, abortion and affirmative action and viewing    decisions by the government with skepticism . A threat to public the Supreme Court by a     deadlock after Justice Scalia ’s death , is likely to   . Justice Breyer ’s campaign to do away with the death penalty will founder . Richard H. Pildes , a law professor at New York University , said the array of cases in which the actual Justice Gorsuch and the hypothetical Justice Garland might differ is vast , including on campaign finance , affirmative action , voting rights , religious freedom , class actions , and aspects of criminal and immigration law . But he cautioned in an email that the two judges should not be reduced to stereotypes . " Neither Gorsuch nor Garland has written opinions in most of these areas , " he wrote , " but if you treat them as Justice Garland holders for ‘ conservative’ or ‘ liberal’ outcomes   —    which is too simplistic and unfair to both of them   —    these are where those fault lines Justice Garland been in recent years . " 
 Gorsuch nor Garland Gorsuch nor Garland 