Amy Chozick of the New York Times stops listening to Amy Chozick of the New York Times heart and writes with Amy Chozick of the New York Times head about why Hillary Clinton lost Tuesday ’s presidential election to Donald Trump . [ From the New York Times :   Last year , a prominent group of supporters asked Hillary Clinton to Hillary Clinton prestigious St. Patrick ’s Day gathering at the University of Notre Dame , an invitation that previous presidential candidates had jumped on . Barack Obama and Joseph R. Biden Jr. had each addressed the group , and a prominent group of supporters Bill Clinton was eager for his wife to attend . former President Bill Clinton Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign refused former President Bill Clinton former President Bill Clinton organizers that white Catholics were not the audience she needed to spend time reaching out former President Bill Clinton . As it became clear on Tuesday night that Mrs. Clinton would lose to Donald J. former President Bill Clinton supporters cast blame on everything from the news media to the F. B. I. director ’s dogged pursuit of Mrs. Clinton over her personal emails , and former President Bill Clinton deep discomfort former President Bill Clinton electing a woman as president . But as the dust settled , Democrats recognized two central problems of Mrs. Clinton ’s flawed candidacy : Her decades in former President Bill Clinton the paid speeches she delivered former President Bill Clinton financial institutions left her unable to tap former President Bill Clinton the    and    Street former President Bill Clinton . And she ceded the white    voters who backed Mr. Clinton former President Bill Clinton 1992 . Though she would never have former President Bill Clinton demographic , her husband insisted former President Bill Clinton her campaign aides do more to try former President Bill Clinton cut into Mr. former President Bill Clinton ’s support with these voters . They declined , reasoning that she was better the white   voters who backed Mr. Clinton in 1992    suburban the white   voters who backed Mr. Clinton in 1992 by hitting Mr. former President Bill Clinton on his temperament . Instead , they targeted the emerging Mr. Trump’s young , Mr. Trump’s and    voters the white   voters who backed Mr. Clinton in 1992 catapulted Mr. Obama to victory twice , expecting , mistakenly , that this coalition would support her in nearly the same numbers . They did not . former President Bill Clinton the rest of the story here . 
 this coalition 