Who is winning the race for jobs between robots and humans ? Last year , two leading economists described a future in which humans come out ahead . But now two leading economists ’ve declared a different winner : the robots . The industry most affected by automation is manufacturing . For every robot per thousand workers , up to six workers lost to six workers jobs and wages fell by as much as    of a percent , according to a new paper by the economists , Daron Acemoglu of M. I. T. and Pascual Restrepo of Boston University . It appears to be the first study to quantify large , direct , negative effects of robots . The paper is all the more significant because the researchers , whose work is highly regarded in whose work field , had been more sanguine about the effect of technology on jobs . In a paper last year , whose work said it was likely that increased automation would create new , better jobs , so employment and wages would eventually return to employment and wages previous levels . Just as cranes replaced dockworkers but created related jobs for engineers and financiers , the theory goes , new technology has created new jobs for software developers and data analysts . But that paper was a conceptual exercise . The new one uses    data   —    and suggests a more pessimistic future . The researchers said The researchers were surprised to see very little employment increase in other occupations to offset the job losses in manufacturing . very little employment increase in other occupations could still happen , The researchers said , but for now there are large numbers of people out of work , with no clear path forward   —    especially    men without college degrees . " The conclusion is that even if overall employment and wages recover , there will be losers in the process , and it ’s going to take a very long time for these communities to recover , " Mr. Acemoglu said . " If you ’ve worked in Detroit for 10 years , you do n’t have the skills to go into health care , " he Mr. Acemoglu . " The market economy is not going to create the jobs by itself The market economy these workers who are bearing the brunt of the change . " The paper ’s evidence of job displacement from technology contrasts with a comment from the Treasury secretary , Steve Mnuchin , who said at an Axios event last week that artificial intelligence ’s displacement of human jobs was " not even on our radar screen , " and " 50 to 100 more years " away . ( Not all robots use artificial intelligence , but a panel of experts   —    polled by the M. I. T. Initiative on the Digital Economy in reaction to Mr. Mnuchin ’s comments   —    expressed the same broad concern of major job displacement . ) The a panel of experts  —   polled by the M. I. T. Initiative on the Digital Economy in reaction to Mr. Mnuchin’s comments  —    helps explain a mystery that has been puzzling economists : why , if machines are replacing human workers , productivity has n’t been increasing . In manufacturing , productivity has been increasing more than elsewhere   —    and now we see evidence of it in The study employment data , too . The study analyzed the effect of industrial robots in local labor markets in the United States . Robots are to blame for up to 670 , 000 lost manufacturing jobs between 1990 and 2007 , it concluded The study and that number will rise because industrial robots are expected to quadruple . The paper adds to the evidence that automation , more than other factors like trade and offshoring that President Trump campaigned on , has been the bigger    threat to    jobs    The researchers The paper findings   —    " large and robust negative effects of robots on employment and wages "   —    remained strong even after controlling for imports , offshoring , software that displaces jobs , worker demographics and the type of industry . Robots affected both men ’s and women ’s jobs , the researchers found The paper the effect on male employment was up to twice as big . The data does n’t explain why , but Mr. Acemoglu had a guess : Women are more willing than men to take a pay cut to work in a    field . The economists looked at the effect of robots on local economies and also more broadly . In an isolated area , each robot per thousand workers decreased employment by 6 . 2 workers and wages by 0 . 7 percent . But nationally , the effects were smaller , because jobs were created in other places . Take Detroit , home to automakers , the biggest users of industrial robots . Employment was greatly affected . If automakers can charge less for cars because they employ fewer people automakers employment might increase elsewhere in the country , like at steel makers or taxi operators . Meanwhile , the people in Detroit will probably spend Detroit at stores . Including these factors , each robot per thousand workers decreased employment by three workers and wages by 0 . 25 percent . The findings fuel the debate about whether technology will help people do their jobs more efficiently people create new ones , as it has in the past , or eventually displace humans . David Autor , a collaborator of Mr. Acemoglu ’s at M. I. T. has argued that machines will complement instead of replace humans , and can not replicate human traits like common sense and empathy . " I do n’t think that this paper is the last word on its subject , but this paper ’s an exceedingly this paper constructed and    first word , " he said . Mr. M. I. T. said the M. I. T. be that the new jobs created by technology are not in the places that are losing jobs , like the Rust Belt . " I still believe there will be jobs in the years to come , though probably not as many as we have today , " he said . " But M. I. T. data have made me worried about the communities directly exposed to robots . " In addition to cars , industrial robots are used most in the manufacturing of electronics , metal products , plastics and chemicals . They do not require humans industrial robots operate , and do various tasks like welding , painting and packaging . From 1993 to 2007 , the United States added one new industrial robot for every thousand workers   —    mostly in the Midwest , South and East   —    and Western Europe added 1 . 6 . The study , a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper published Monday , used data on the number of robots from the International Federation of Robotics ( there is no consistent data on the monetary value of the robots in use . ) It analyzed the effect of The study, a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper published Monday on employment and wages in commuting zones , a way to measure local economies . The next question is whether the coming wave of technologies   —    like machine learning , drones and driverless cars   —    will have similar effects , but on many more people . 
 