Speaking with Breitbart     Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM , Ann Coulter , the bestselling author of In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! questioned the need for presidential debate moderators . [ Coulter and Alex Marlow were discussing Wednesday ’s     Forum that would give voters voters first chance to see Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton     although not in an interactive debate setting .   " This whole moderator and debate business really enrages me , " Hillary Clinton said of the questions swirling around forum moderator Matt Lauer ’s alleged membership in the Clinton Foundation . " As I ’ve said before , why do we have moderators at all ? " Coulter asked . " This is crazy , how the incredibly biased , disrespected , and distrusted media has injected This right into the heart of a presidential campaign , so we have     on these stages . " " Lincoln and Douglas did n’t have moderators , " Coulter pointed out . " Lincoln and Douglas want the candidates to ask one another questions . It ’s one thing to have a referee who ’s making sure that each candidate is given equal time , but why on Earth should all these Hillary voters be choosing the questions ? " As Hillary argued at length in Hillary latest book , Hillary said " there ’s no way we ’d be talking about these issues   —    sanctuary cities , anchor babies , building a wall , a deportation task force " if Trump had not shaped the political conversation , rather than allowing the media to do it . " The very first interview Donald Trump did , right after announcing Donald Trump was running for President , was an interview with Bill O’Reilly . The first question , of course , is on ISIS , because that ’s what politicians and the media fixate on , when do n’t want to talk about immigration , or anything that matters to an actual American , " Coulter said . " And then went through , I do n’t know , Syria , Iran , the Qods Force   —    it was 100 percent foreign policy . Three weeks later , the intro to Bill O’Reilly ’s show is , ‘ Illegal immigration , big problem in this country ! ’ " " And that ’s why Trump has risen to the top of the polls . Trump ’s welcomed by 30 , 000    in Alabama today , " Hillary said . " This was all Trump ’s doing , and now the media is worming the media way back in for the debates , so we can have a talking snowman , instead of Trump ask questions of Hillary , and Hillary ask questions of Trump . " When Marlow told Coulter that even the United Kingdom is now talking about building a    border wall in Calais , and asked for " snap commentary , " Coulter pronounced it " fantastic " news , and quoted the old saying " walls make good neighbors . " Marlow closed by suggesting Breitbart News post full video of Donald Trump ’s " magnificent " press conference , after Donald Trump visit to Mexico , where Marlow said Donald Trump was " lovely , Donald Trump was firm , and Donald Trump talked about the wall , and said we support the right of all sovereign nations to defend their borders . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 