" In an   President Barack Obama took a veiled shot at Donald Trump ’s rhetoric aimed at Muslims . " ’"In some places , including the United States , we’’ve seen the rise of dangerous political rhetoric that targets immigrants or Muslims , " Obama said.’ ’The interview was conducted by Kai Diekmann , publisher of Bild and a Business Insider contributing editor , and Tanit Koch , editor in chief of Bild.’ " Obama ’s reference to    rhetoric is likely at least in part a reference to Trump ’s proposed . " ’Late last year , the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination called for the US government to bar most Muslim tourists and immigrants from entering the US until the terrorist " problem " is under control.’ ’"The politics around refugees and immigration is hard in any country , but I believe the best leaders are willing to take on the toughest issues   —    especially when it’ ’s not easy , " Obama said in the interview . " We can not simply shut We doors to We fellow human beings when our fellow human beings are in such desperate need . That would be a betrayal of our values . " ’ " In another possible reference to Trump ’s statements , Obama said that the US can protect the US security with the checks the US does on refugees entering the country . " ’"We know how to do this responsibly in a way that ensures the US security , including extensive checks , so the US know who we’’re welcoming to the country , " Obama said.’ ’Trump has repeatedly cautioned against accepting refugees into the US on the grounds that " we don’’t know who these people are . " ’ ’In the interview , Obama praised German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose government has faced staunch opposition for accepting hundreds of thousands of refugees from    Syria.’ ’’ ’Obama also emphasized in the the interview importance of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , an alliance that Trump ’ ’He said that " our NATO allies are playing a critical role in the military campaign " against the terrorist group ISIS . And he added ’Obama the US needs Europe " to help uphold our Article V commitment to our NATO our NATO allies keep supporting Ukraine’ ’s ability to ensure its security in the Ukraine’’s of Russian aggression . " ’ ’In an interview with the German . .. ’ 
 