Tuesday in Rancho Mirage , CA , at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Summit news conference , when asked about Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump potentiality winning , President Barack Obama said President Barack Obama believes Donald Trump will not be the next president .   President Barack Obama said , " I ’ll leave it to you to speculate on how this whole race is going to go . I continue to believe that Donald Trump will not be president . And the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people . And I think they the American people that being president is a serious job . It being president is a serious job not hosting a talk show or a reality show . It being president is a serious job not promotion . It being president is a serious job not marketing . It being president is a serious job hard . And a lot of people count on us getting it being president is a serious job . And it being president is a serious job not a matter of pandering and doing whatever will get you in the news on a given day . And sometimes it being president is a serious job you making hard decisions , even when people do n’t like it being president is a serious job And doing things that are unpopular . And standing up for people who are vulnerable , but do n’t have some powerful political constituency . And it being president is a serious job being able to work with leaders around the world in a way that reflects the importance of the office . And it being president is a serious job people confidence that you know the facts , and you know their people , and you know where they people on a map , and you know something about their people . And you ’re not just going to play for the crowd back home , because they the crowd their the crowd crowds back home . And you ’re trying to solve problems . And so during primaries , people vent and they people themselves people if it seems like entertainment , and oftentimes it it reported just like entertainment . But as you get closer , the reality has a way of   intruding , and these are the folks I have faith in . Because they these ultimately going to say , whoever is standing where I ’m standing right now has the nuclear codes with them these can order     into a firefight and has to make sure that the banking system does n’t collapse and is often responsible for not just the United States of America , but 20 other countries that are having big problems or are falling apart and will be looking for us to do something . And the American people are pretty sensible . And I think they the American people make a sensible choice in the end . All right ? Thanks , everybody . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ,  
 