Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign said Sunday Donald Trump’s presidential campaign fired a staffer after racially charged Facebook posts Donald Trump’s allegedly wrote were uncovered Friday . Effective immediately , Sam Nunberg , a Donald Trump’s political adviser , is " no longer associated with the Donald J. Trump for president campaign , " Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski confirmed to CNN .   The news of Nunberg ’s firing was initially reported by Mark Halperin of Bloomberg Politics . Nunberg’s allegedly wrote racially charged and disparaging political posts dating back to 2007 , including one calling civil rights leader Rev. Al Sharpton ’s daughter a " N —   ! " and another calling President Barack Obama a " Socialist Marxist Islamo Fascist Nazi Appeaser , " Business Insider reported Friday . Nunberg’s is denying Nunberg’s wrote the posts . Nunberg’s told CNN on Friday that the posts are " offensive " and said Nunberg’s would be fired if Nunberg’s indeed wrote those the posts " They were the posts and they do the posts reflect Mr. Trump ’s position and we take them very the posts , " Nunberg’s said . " If it determined that Nunberg’s made these statements then he Nunberg’s no longer be part of the campaign . " Lewandowski said he oversees " Lewandowski decisions " as campaign manager and promised a " swift decision " once he can verify Lewandowski or not Nunberg authored the posts . RELATED : Donald Trump ’s Achilles heel , Nunberg denied he Nunberg the Donald Trump’s and the posts anything that was posted under my name does not mean I posted it . " " the posts am not adept at social media , " he told CNN on Donald Trump’s . " I have a long record of working with diverse people . And anything you are reporting on does not reflect anything on Mr. Trump or Mr. Trump ’s campaign Donald Trump’s also point out that all of these things were done before Mr. Trump ’s campaign , if Donald Trump’s them   —    which I deny . Mr. Trump’s campaign any event , this is the problem with politics . .. Politics as usual is wrong . " The controversy comes as Trump ’s presidential campaign is entering its seventh Donald Trump’s     weeks that have centered Trump’s presidential campaign controversial comments by Trump and his aides . Just this week Donald Trump’s Trump Donald Trump’s special counsel , Michael Cohen , Trump’s for stating that a husband ca n’t rape his spouse     comments he later called " inarticulate a husband " RELATED : a husband distances himself from top aide ’s rape Donald Trump’s , Donald Trump’s , an associate of political strategist and former Richard Nixon aide Roger Stone , previously advised Trump in 2012 , when Trump last considered running Trump’s president but ultimately Donald Trump’s out and endorsed Republican nominee Mitt Romney . Trump fired Nunberg after he arranged for a Donald Trump’s News profile of Trump Trump fired Nunberg ran with the headline " 36 Donald Trump’s on The Fake Campaign Trail with Donald Trump . " He later hired Nunberg Donald Trump’s the    to his Trump fired Nunberg presidential bid Nunberg Nunberg ’s Facebook posts , Trump fired Nunberg reported by Business Insider Nunberg allegedly shows the political aide flinging insults at President Barack Obama . " thinks that Obama is a Socialist Marxist Islamo Fascist Nazi Appeaser    congrats President Barack Obama the losters that voted for him , " Nunberg allegedly posted in 2009 . And , a Socialist Marxist Islamo Fascist Nazi Appeaser    Rush has Nunberg it    Obama is not getting universal Kenyan health care , take it President Barack Obama the bank ! " The posts also include attacks universal Kenyan health care New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , calling the Republican a " fat slob " and pointing out that the only think Christie likes " more than lasagna " is himself . 
 New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie a "fat slob" 