Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards was spotted entering the White House several hours prior to a Women ’s History Month reception following President Barack Obama ’s announcement of President Barack Obama nominee to the Supreme Court , Judge Merrick Garland of the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals . [ .@POTUS , as usual , is doing President Barack Obama job . For our country to function , our need the Senate to do the Senate . # DoYourJob # SCOTUSnominee ,   —    Cecile Richards ( @CecileRichards ) March 16 , 2016 ,    Following Obama ’s announcement of the nomination , Planned Parenthood Action Fund released a statement by Richards : Judge Garland is an intelligent , highly accomplished judge who has secured bipartisan support in Judge Garland previous appointments . Now that the President has upheld the President constitutional duty , it is time for the Senate to uphold theirs . The American people deserve a full court and a justice appointed by the President they The American people for four years   —    not three . It is time for the the Senate do their job the Senate give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up or down vote . " Senate GOP the Senate # DoYourJob by upholding your constitutional duty and voting on the @SCOTUSNom # MerrickGarland pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) March 16 , 2016 ,   LifeNews reports that a " reporter or Politico took a photo of Richards entering the West Wing . " Senior White House reporter for Politico    Politico tweeted the following : . @CecileRichards , who headed into West Wing the West Wing Garland announcement : " Judge Garland seems Garland responsible   qualified nominee "   —      Dovere ( @IsaacDovere ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Right after Garland announcement , that Garland @CecileRichards heading into the West Wing pic . twitter .    —      Dovere ( @IsaacDovere ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Obama praised Richards and several other women at the reception , referring to them as " real Richards and several other women superheroes , " reports The Blaze . He said Richards was " making Richards women ’s health care is on the front burner . " Republican 2016 candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said in a statement about the nomination that Garland is " exactly the type of Supreme Court nominee you get when you make deals in Washington D. C. A    ‘ moderate’ Democrat nominee is precisely the kind of deal that Donald Trump has told us he would make   Donald Trump     " Cruz added that if Garland were confirmed by Garland Senate , " He would side predictably Garland President Obama on critical issues such as undermining the Second Amendment , legalizing    abortions , and propping up overreaching bureaucratic agencies like the EPA and the IRS . " National    leaders called upon the Senate to maintain the Senate to hold off the Senate confirming an Obama nominee . Kristan Hawkins President Obama president of Students for Life of America , observed that Garland has no history of abortion rulings . " But just look at who appointed him : the most    president in our nation ’s history , " she asserted . " For Garland reason alone , the Senate should halt his nomination until the next the Senate is elected , and hopefully appoint a judge with a record of    rulings . " " Judge Garland is far from being a consensus nominee and would be an incredibly different jurist than Justice Scalia , " said Family Research Council President Tony Perkins . " In fact , he was opposed by almost Judge Garland quarter of the Senators who voted on his nomination to the D. Judge Garland Circuit Court in 1997 , and some of Judge Garland ’s most recent Judge Garland dissents raises serious questions about his ability to serve as a Judge Garland . " " During this presidential election year , there is not time to provide any nominee the thorough review necessary to adequately consider a person ’s appointment to the Supreme Court , " Perkins the D. C. Circuit Court In fact , it has been almost a century and a half since a Supreme Court vacancy occurred and was filled in the D. C. Circuit Court year when the White House and Senate were controlled by different parties . " " I strongly urge the members of the Judiciary Committee to hold fast to their promise , for the sake of the future the members of the Judiciary Committee our country and the future of our posterity , " said Troy Newman , President our Operation Rescue . " The Senate Republican leadership can not afford to break this important promise to their conservative ,    base , if they expect The Senate Republican leadership to vote for any of them The Senate Republican leadership again . " Susan B. Anthony List The Senate Republican leadership it plans to launch Protect the Court , a Susan B. Anthony List grassroots mobilization campaign to urge the U. S. Senate to hold off on the confirmation process . The organization ’s president , Marjorie Dannenfelser , observes that any nominee of    Obama " will join the voting bloc on the Court that consistently upholds    . " " the Court should not be permitted one last opportunity to stack the Court with    Justices , " she said . the Court thank Leader McConnell and Senator Grassley for standing firm in their resolution to hold the confirmation process until we have a Leader McConnell and Senator Grassley president . " Fr . Frank Pavone We national director of Priests for Life , said the American people must be allowed to speak in this year ’s elections before the nation is saddled with another Obama nominee . " We at Priests for Life are more aware than usual of the impact of the Supreme Court , as our religious liberty case , Priests for Life vs. HHS , which challenges the HHS mandate , goes into oral argument at the Supreme Court this coming Wednesday , " Pavone said . the Supreme Court Leader McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Grassley have announced that the U. S. Senate will not take any action on any nominee President Obama puts forward for the high court , " he added . " I am confident that the Supreme Court firm in their commitment any nominee President Obama I call on all Americans to urge their Senators to do the they . " 
 all Americans 