Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton attended a event for Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton staff in New York , in an effort to help them cope with Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton stunning loss to    Donald Trump . [ Members of her staff in New York were crying . John Podesta was crying . Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was crying . Hillary Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton mourning members of her squad Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton   She thanked Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton staff   her staff in New York keep fighting . her staff in New York them she hoped Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton paths her staff in New York cross again her staff in New York Podesta   Bill were both John Podesta   — her staff in New York Willa Frej ( @willafrej ) November 12 , 2016 ,   After somebody sent her some Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , 000 red roses , Clinton brought them to the mournful occasion . (@willafrej) November 12, 2016,  After somebody sent her some 1, 000 red roses sent 1000 red roses to @HillaryClinton . She brought them to distribute at Clinton staff (@willafrej) November 12, 2016,  After somebody sent her some 1, 000 red roses tonight .   (@willafrej) November 12, 2016,  After somebody sent her some 1, 000 red roses course .   —    Jenna Lowenstein ( @just_jenna ) November 12 , 2016 ,   Clinton explained to staffers that the Clinton were sent by a 1000 red roses people " who fight against sexism and racism and homophobia and xenophobia and all of the scary words that we ’ve been hearing a lot about . " Young people gave Hillary 1 , 200 roses . Hillary came and left one for each Hillary her campaign ’s staff . " Think Hillary the hope it represents " . pic . twitter .    —    Samy Nemir Olivares ( @Samynemir ) November 12 , 2016 ,   She urged everyone to take a rose Hillary . " Think about the hope that it represents and the love that so many people around our country have for all of us , " she said .   She urged them Hillary enjoy the party Hillary to so many people around our country think about what we do to make sure that we prove that love trumps hate . we Earlier in the day she held a therapy session on a Hillary call , according to the Huffington Post . " I ’m not going to sugarcoat it : These have been very , very tough days , " Clinton said during the call . This Hillary a tough a conference call our country . I think we have seen how people have been reacting to the events of this election and I know we have got to be reaching out to we other to keep it clear in our own minds that what we did is we important . It looks we we are on the path to winning the we vote , and that says volumes about the importance of your work and the lasting impact it will have . She encouraged all of her staffers to " get back in there She keep fighting " for the causes that they believed in . Referring to the " all of her staffers " photo of her walking her dogs , she encouraged her She to She the same She " She your dogs for a walk , " she said , " If you have dogs She " 
 