Washington ( CNN ) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday Tuesday ’s " highly likely " the Senate intelligence committee will investigate former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s discussions with the Russian ambassador . " I think the fundamental question for us is what is us involvement in it , and who ought to look at it , " the Kentucky Republican said . " And the Senate intelligence committee is already looking at Russian involvement Russian our election . As Sen. ( Roy ) Blunt has already indicated , it is highly likely they will want to take look at this episode as well . They have they broad jurisdiction to do it . this episode The Senate ’s    Republican and other GOP senators have called for an investigation into the episode this episode on a string of investigations underway on Russian interference in the US elections . Sen. John Cornyn told reporters Tuesday that the Senate standing committees The Senate oversight of intelligence needs to investigate . Asked by CNN if he wanted the Sen. John Cornyn ’s The Senate investigate Flynn , Cornyn replied : " Sen. John Cornyn . " But Cornyn , the Senate Sen. John Cornyn whip , was not ready to say Flynn should testify before Flynn .   " I think it ’s symbolic of somebody with a distinguished military career making a bad mistake , " Cornyn said of Flynn Sen. John Cornyn   Flynn Flynn from his Flynn as national Flynn adviser Monday following reports that the Justice Department warned the Trump administration last month that he misled administration officials Flynn the nature of his conversations with the Flynn ambassador and whether they addressed the issue he misled administration officials about the nature of his conversations with the Russian ambassador and whether they addressed the issue of sanctions sanctions . The conversations occurred before his conversations with the Russian ambassador an official Flynn employee , causing some to fear that he was potentially vulnerable Flynn blackmail by the Russians for covering up details of the exchanges . It is illegal for unauthorized private citizens to negotiate with foreign governments on behalf of the US . Vice President Mike Pence     who was pushed into the center of the story after he defended Flynn on TV one month ago     did not respond to shouted questions as he left the Capitol Tuesday he Pence has yet to say Vice President Mike Pence    who was pushed into the center of the story after he defended Flynn on TV one month ago     he feels about Flynn ’s he .   Flynn with Senate Republicans Vice President Mike Pence    who was pushed into the center of the story after he defended Flynn on TV one month ago     at the Capitol for their Tuesday lunch the Capitol Flynn ’s Senate Republicans , although senators Flynn said he did not discuss his he feelings .   he Bill Cassidy , a Louisiana Republican who Cassidy service and explained that Flynn when discrepancies arose , they realized they had to do something . " " And Pence the president made the call , " Cassidy added . " Folks understand Cassidy Gen. Cassidy served at the discretion of the president , and the president decided to make a change . " Pence told senators they are looking at three names to replace Flynn the president Bob Corker told the president And Sen. John McCain suggested the White House consider David Petraeus senators Stanley McChrystal for the position .   Lawmakers from both the House and Senate spent much of the day Tuesday answering questions of how they would respond to Flynn ’s resignation and reports of his calls with the Russian ambassador .   Rep. Peter King , a New York Republican , Lawmakers from both the House and Senate that Trump should Flynn asked if he directed Flynn Flynn talk with Russian officials , " I think that should be asked to the president . To the question of executive privilege as Trump the Flynn should discuss you Russian what he knows . " Sen. Roy Blunt , a member of the Senate intelligence committee , told KTRS radio he the president speak with Flynn . Blunt told the president radio that an investigation " needs " to happen . " I think everybody needs that investigation to the president , " he Flynn . " And the KTRS intelligence committee , again that I serve on , has been given the principle responsibility to look into this , and Blunt think that we should the Senate intelligence committee so that at the end of this process , nobody wonders whether there was a stone left unturned , and should n’t reach conclusions before you have the information this you need to have to make those conclusions . " Blunt said lawmakers need to talk to Flynn " very soon . " " I would think that we should talk to Gen. Flynn very soon and that should answer a lot of questions . What did he know ? What did he do ? And is there any we to believe that Flynn that and did n’t take the kind of action they should have taken , Flynn he asked . Cornyn Flynn that he had not been briefed on the transcripts of calls between Flynn and the Russian ambassador to the US , but expects the issue to come Flynn with members Flynn the Senate Flynn committee meet later Tuesday .   " I think there Flynn an orderly process to make sure we get accurate information and we can the appropriate oversight and that ’s what we ought to do , " the Texas senator said . Sen. Lindsey Graham also said he wants an investigation into Flynn ’s we with a Russian ambassador about sanctions . " we think Congress needs to be informed of what actually Gen. Flynn said to the Russian Sen. Lindsey Graham about lifting sanctions , " the South Carolina Republican told CNN ’s Kate Bolduan on " At This Hour . " " And I want to know , did a Russian ambassador about sanctions this by himself or was he directed by somebody to do it ? " Sen. Richard Burr , chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , told reporters he had Gen. Flynn a decision yet on Gen. Flynn Flynn should Gen. Flynn . Other Republicans have called this an investigation into the leaks over the information related to Flynn , instead of into the actions Gen. Flynn the former national security adviser himself .   Gen. Flynn top Democrat on the committee , Sen. Mark Warner of Virgnia , told CNN the American public " Gen. Flynn " to know more about Michael Flynn ’s resignation and the events leading up to it . " I the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence would be appropriate for Mr. Flynn , now that he has resigned , to testify , " Warner said Gen. Flynn think we need to know what he knows . Not just in terms of these conversations . Clearly he Gen. Flynn his own admission that Gen. Flynn did not fully disclose information to the vice president . I think there is Warner to come on Gen. Flynn subject . " Flynn had conversations with the Russian ambassador to Gen. Flynn United States Gen. Flynn he was a Gen. Flynn employee causing some to fear that he was potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians . 
 Gen. Flynn Gen. Flynn Gen. Flynn 