Washington ( CNN ) He ’s everywhere . In Hollywood , in Silicon Valley boardrooms , in Hollywood ’s highest courts , across thousands of lamenting Facebook posts , and even on the sidelines of your kid ’s soccer game     there ’s one name on everybody ’s lips . Donald Trump . In just over two weeks as president , the former billionaire real estate mogul and reality star has seized control of the American zeitgeist . He Donald Trump permeated almost every area of national life , thriving in a sea of publicity , controversy and conflict . Plenty of past presidents , including Barack Obama and John F. Kennedy , quickly captured the national conversation after assuming office . But Trump ’s ubiquity is especially notable since it Trump from his Trump , antagonistic personality and a governing philosophy that often exacerbates political and cultural fault lines .   Trump Trump swift capture of the national debate is testimony to the huge cultural power of the presidency and its the presidency to shape the spirit of the United States and the world . But his Trump     style also represents a risky experiment . He Trump has to prove his Trump presence      for good and bad     can foster a successful presidency . And he Trump opening a new front in the cultural backlash coalescing among elites in the coastal entertainment , media and advertising hubs . At a time when the nation is debating how and whether to provide health insurance for its the nation and is staring down a complicated world , Trump has hammered a " " judge who ruled against his Trump ban . He Trump taken potshots at celebrity foes Meryl Streep and Arnold Schwarzenegger .   His Trump on the media encompasses the deeply consequential     he Trump Monday that journalists are underreporting the terrorist threat and he Trump put Iran " on notice . " But it also verges on the ridiculous .   After The New York Times reported Trump relaxes in his Trump after work , his Trump , Sean Spicer , triggered a controversy by saying , " I do n’t think the President wears a bathrobe , and definitely does n’t own one . "   Cue an instant torrent of    social media posts showing a younger Trump Trump on a bed in a crisp white bathrobe . The waves set off by the Trump a younger Trump are now crashing over the business world . He a younger Trump at odds with more than 100 of the nation ’s top companies , including Google , Apple , Facebook and Microsoft , which are fighting his a younger Trump executive order . Intense emotional experience , It ’s just another way the intense emotional experience of the Trump presidency is careening through business , politics , the arts , and popular culture . Sometimes the Trump Trump is being manifested in unusual ways . Within days of his a younger Trump office , copies of George Orwell ’s " 1984 , " the legendary story of an authoritarian world of government doublespeak , sold out on Amazon . Readers perhaps wanted to know what happened in a fictitious political project apparently reminiscent of what Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway called " alternative facts . "   But in Orwell George Orwell vision , Big Brother was watching you . In Trump ’s Trump , everyone is watching him . Big Brother now , Trump seems Trump be happy just dominating the conversation . His omnipresence Trump such that even events that have little to do with the new President suddenly seem to take on new significance because of him . Trump the Super Bowl     one of the few unifying events left in American life . Going into Sunday ’s big game , one of the big questions was whether Lady Gaga ’s    show would be an overtly political denunciation of Trump . Trump all , it ’s show almost obligatory for Hollywood awards galas to feature    screeds and for pop stars like Madonna and Bruce Springsteen to jab the President from onstage . Lady Gaga Lady Gaga an anthem celebrating the LGBT community and equality     with Vice President Mike Pence in the audience . But she did so Lady Gaga an understated way . Indeed , in one of the least partisan moments in a politically fraught few weeks , she put on Lady Gaga pageant of national unity , belting out " God Bless America " before singing " This Land Is Your Land . " But there was an undeniable political undercurrent in Super Bowl ads , which usually avoid political edginess . Several spots appeared to contain    themes . In an ad for 84 Lumber , a Hispanic mother and daughter apparently set out on a journey to cross the southern US border . In the full version , published online , the pair are confronted by a huge wall before a gate swings open for them to enter the pair paradisaical    America . Given Trump ’s repeated vows to build a border wall , it was hard to view the ad as anything but a criticism of the President . 84 Lumber , a    company , said the ad was the ad for being too " controversial " so it cut the wall the ad a border wall version . Budweiser , known for its    ads with galloping the ad horses , also took a political turn , highlighting the tough immigrant journey of one of its founders Adolphus Busch , the ad pursue his American dream . " Go back home , " Busch is told in one Adolphus Busch . Though the ad    Trump ’s temporary entry ban on the nationals of seven mostly Muslim nations , the message ’s spot seemed more powerful with that in mind . Sudden awakening , That such a viewpoint is even possible reflects a sudden awakening triggered by Trump in a nation which Trump appears more politically on edge     but also more attuned to dissent and debate     than it has been for years . For liberals , the crusade is being reflected in the arts . The most notable case is " Saturday Night Live ’s " abrasive , sometimes sinister portrayal of Trump ( by Alec Baldwin ) and his advisers . This week Alec Baldwin White House adviser Steve Bannon was played as the " Angel of Death . " Another sketch , in which actress Melissa McCarthy plays Spicer , is quickly becoming one of the most talked about SNL skits in years . The President has n’t taken the lampooning well , frequently firing off on Twitter about the show . But maybe Another sketch, in which actress Melissa McCarthy plays Spicer too much . " The President takes himself so seriously . Trump parodied The President SNL is like a right of SNL . It ’s like ’Oh my God’ that are writing about me , I am in the Zeitgeist , " Judy Gold , an Emmy    writer and comedienne , told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin Monday . Trump may also be angry like a fox . His feuds with Hollywood , his Trump to play along with Trump and his jousts with the media and Trump Silicon Valley tech titans amount to more than a rejection of the pop culture that made him . He ’s aligning himself Trump with Trump views of Trump of his supporters who disdain what they Trump as the elite ’s political correctness and smugness . Even people who have worked for Trump admit he makes an odd blue collar Trump , given his eponymous Manhattan tower dripping with Trump leaf and his life once lived in the Trump of New York gossip columns and his obsession with one particular spoil Trump pop culture     the cover of Time magazine . " He is the unlikeliest of populist Trump , " said one senior administration official who requested anonymity to talk about the President . This person theorized that Trump already Trump common touch before entering politics but that he refined his    instincts by showing Trump curiosity Trump the lives of his voters on the campaign trail , Trump thinking about their lives and problems . " That his voters him to see what people are like Trump the rest of the country , " the official said . Perhaps that knowledge Trump reason why Trump could not care less that he ’s now apparently despised by the popular Trump he once strove to join . If everyone Trump obsessed with him , his work might already be part Trump . Trump 