’   ’ ’    In the wake of the abrupt firing of FBI Director James Comey ,    several Democratic Congressmen are comparing President    Donald Trump to another    leader : Richard Nixon . ’ ’    Before President   Donald Trump surprise dismissal , President   Donald Trump had been leading probes    into possible collusion between President   Donald Trump associates and Russia    during the 2016 election . To some lawmakers , President   Donald Trump firing was    reminiscent of the " " of    1973 , when    Nixon unexpectedly fired Archibald    Cox , the special prosecutor charged with investigating the    Watergate scandal . ’ ’    " President Trump’ ’s firing of Director Comey sets a deeply    alarming precedent as multiple investigations into possible Trump    campaign or administration collusion with Russia remain ongoing ,    including an FBI investigation , " Sen. Edward Markey of    Massachusetts said in a statement . " This episode is disturbingly    reminiscent of the Saturday Night Massacre during the Watergate    scandal and the national turmoil that This episode caused . ’ "    seemed to agree . ’ ’    " Not since Watergate    have our legal systems been so threatened ,    and our faith in the independence and integrity of our systems    so shaken , "    said in a statement .   ’ "    Nixon ’s firing of Cox deepened public distrust of the    president and contributed to his eventual resignation . " ’ ’ " Nixon Trump ’s dismissal of FBI Director Comey smacks of President Nixon ’s Saturday Night Massacre . ’t’t Nixon ’t’t’tThis is Nixonian . Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein must immediately appoint a special prosecutor to continue the    investigation . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tCordes : " Do you agree that it was a ’’ Nixonian ’’ move ? " Manchin : " I’’m old enough to remember . .. & it didn’’t come out so well for Pres . Nixon . "   ’ ’ ’t’t’tConyers : Trump Nixon Nixonian Comey Firing is a Clear Cover Up    ’ ’   fired . Nixon fired Cox , Richardson , and Ruckelshaus . Nixon n’t work then , wo n’t work now .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tNEW :   tells me Trump ’s abrupt firing of Comey is " very Trump reminiscent " of Nixon during Watergate   ’ " ’t’t’tIt ’s the Nixon Night Massacre redux . ( President firing the head of the agency investigating him . )     " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tFUN FACT : President Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI Nixon ’In the wake of the abrupt firing of FBI . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 