Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! My name is MILO , the supervillain of the Internet . Thank you for spending your Friday night with me . I know you could be out partying with all the students from Miami of Ohio who I hear come to Athens every weekend . [   You ’ve made a good decision . I ’m here to teach you more about the world than all of your professors put together . But first , I have to teach some another college a lesson . Or rather , some another college administrators . Yesterday , I spoke at West Virginia University where I drew attention to two colleges that were trying to dick my lovely student organizers around by requesting massive security fees a few days before my events were scheduled to take place , effectively torpedoing two colleges that were trying to dick my lovely student organizers around by requesting massive security fees .   Now , one of those colleges , Minnesota State , has backed down and lowered the security fee . Because of course they did   …     All it took was a little polite , gentle encouragement from myself and Breitbart News .   But the other college , Iowa State , is holding out . Big , big mistake Iowa State , let me tell you .   Now , not only is Iowa State potentially breaking the law by failing to cover security costs themselves , but themselves ’re also bringing the full force of MILO down upon themselves . But you know , I ’m a nice , kind , forgiving guy , so I ’m giving the colleges a few days to come to the colleges senses and waive the fees . It ’s not hard   —    Iowa is n’t the first college to try this tactic , only to realize the colleges horrible mistake and come to the colleges senses . [ SLIDE : UC Irvine , University Of Alabama , Minnesota State University logos ] You see , these are the smart ones . these realised these were doing more than fucking over isolated student conservatives . these were also getting into a game of chicken with me and Breitbart News . And that ’s not a place you want to be , because we never blink .   So , Irvine , Alabama , and Minnesota have saved Irvine, Alabama, and Minnesota reputations . Particularly Minnesota , which I ’m told has a very free    president who made a real effort to ensure the event was n’t torpedoed by security fees . Tellingly , the other two colleges had to suffer a little bit more of the Milo treatment before the other two colleges rolled over .   Iowa State , however , have decided that the other two colleges want to suffer the full force of the Milo treatment ! So , if you ’d like to let this university know what you think of the other two colleges attempts to stifle free speech and intellectual diversity on campus , here is the email address of the president .   This president the president to the world that he would like the president college to the president a reputation like the University of Missouri , which has lost tens of millions in donations because they caved into tens of millions in donations regressive left .   Instead of taking the route of the University of Chicago , which is attracting accolade after accolade in the press for standing up for free speech and against safe spaces and trigger warnings , he wants to consign his college ’s he to oblivion . Well , fine ! If that ’s what he wants , he ’ll happily help him do it he   that’s what he wants , what about your university ?   It was important for me to come to Ohio U because you need a big dose of free speech here . Perhaps not quite as much as the two I just mentioned , but a fairly big dose nonetheless . Let me take you on a trip down memory lane , Now I must give a trigger warning for any liberals in the room , this will be upsetting . Can you believe the Greek community had the audacity to put this up on your graffiti wall the Wall ! They wrote Trump 2016 ! And Build the Wall !   How dare they . Now , your They president , Roderick J. McDavis did what every liberal does   …      he called for diversity and your college president, Roderick J. McDavis .   They never call for diversity They thought , or inclusion of conservatives , do they ? But I ’m They he rushed out a response your college president, Roderick J. McDavis Black Lives Matter messages   …     . Right ? President McDavis said that while Roderick J. McDavis is " a place for free speech and expression , "    expression has a " very different meaning " to some people . It is a classic case of " If your speech does n’t agree with liberal groupthink , shut up " .    This was n’t a    event either . Thankfully ,    conservatives are learning not to shut up when they are told to . They young conservatives fighting back , and young conservatives . In September the College Republicans struck back with another Trump wall message .   Of course it was quickly covered over , another Trump wall message free speech is n’t that easy to shut down anymore . My personal response to President McDavis , and the liberal professors and administrations of every university in America is simple : Donald Trump won , bitches ! Trump young conservatives are ready to fight AND WIN the culture war for free speech on campus . I will share with you a perspective you do n’t often hear as students : that of your alumni . Most alumni have this attitude of " Not my college . " They think the left ’s war on Most alumni speech and common sense exists everywhere EXCEPT their school . It gives me a Most alumni thrill to watch their faces crumble when they learn their Most alumni mater is just Most alumni horrible Most alumni the rest . One of my closest colleagues at Breitbart is an Alumni of OU , he was here almost 20 years ago Breitbart The shock he felt when he learned that liberal Breitbart called the Breitbart because their feelings were hurt was amazing to liberal students . Imagine the poor liberal students sobbing to the police over the message " Trigger the police There are no safe spaces in real life . You ca n’t wall off the First Amendment . "   It is always amazing how the liberals hate the police until something offends them , is the police ?   The reaction the police Alumni when they learn that not only are the students of the police Alma Mater a bunch of crybabies , but the police university itself coddles those babies , is to the University of Missouri Just ask the University of Missouri how they are doing after losing donor after donor .   In the University of Missouri last year , Missouri admitted that they had lost about 1 , 500 students Missouri were experiencing Missouri budget shortfall of $ 32 million , just a few months after the protests . We ’ve also learned that the university had to close four dormitories   —    including the University of Missouri Excellence and Respect . At the time , the interim Chancellor wrote   " I am writing to you today to confirm that we project a very significant budget shortfall due to an unexpected sharp We in    enrollments and student retention this coming fall . I wish I had better news . "   Unexpected ? I did n’t find it unexpected at all ! Hopefully Ohio University sees the light on diversity of political opinions before it too feels the financial pinch , but no promises   … Ohio University these university types are not very bright . I ’m glad we ’ve already mentioned safe spaces this evening , because I think they will be in use tonight . With the election of Donald these university types , we must press forward with free speech on campus . Daddy can we a lot things , like he just fixed Carrier in Indiana , but you students must fight Daddy own culture war . Tonight we ’re going to do what feminists are not willing or tonight to do . We ’re going to define the Patriarchy .   You see , we do n’t really like to define the Patriarchy . They prefer to keep it nebulous and amorphous , the Patriarchy can conveniently feminists it for everything the Patriarchy goes wrong in their lives feminists Not being paid the Patriarchy ? Patriarchy ! Not getting a feminists ? Patriarchy !   Too many catcalls ? Patriarchy ! Too few catcalls ? Patriarchy ! The air conditioning is too high ? Patriarchy ! Eggplant emojis ? Patriarchy ! To many of us , myself included , the patriarchy is a source of good jokes . My birthday is now Patriarchy as " World Patriarchy Day . "   Let ’s be honest , the garbage that flows out of feminists’ mouths does n’t need much help to be funny . A 400 pound    behemoth with more piercings than chins   —    BUT ONLY JUST BARELY   —    screeching about how she needs to live on donations because   …     . The Patriarchy !    I mean the jokes write themselves . It is a truth universally acknowledged that no two feminists have the the jokes definition for what the patriarchy actually is .   Well , two feminists have never agreed on ANYTHING   …     . EVER , except maybe that cats make ideal life partners . There are a few reasons for this . Firstly , feminists like most academic charlatans like to use lots of big long words like " intersectional " and " systemic " to make themselves seem clever without doing any real science . They think this hides the feminists like most academic charlatans that they are n’t actually saying anything . feminists like most academic charlatans works with grant applications , but feminists like most academic charlatans is n’t working on the general this .   Sorry ladies ! According this a Huffington Post poll from 2013 , just 23 per cent of women were willing to call themselves feminists , compared to 82 percent of women who said they believed in just 23 per cent of women of the sexes . In the UK the crisis for just 23 per cent of women is even worse . The Fawcett society , a feminist charity , found that just 9 percent of women identified with the label , compared to 74 percent who said they believed in equality of the sexes .   What does this tell us The Fawcett society, a feminist charity That people no longer associate feminism with equality of the sexes . The Fawcett society, a feminist charity right too ! Of course , the reason why a few women still turn to feminism is n’t hard to understand . Just look at your own university ’s gender studies professors ! [ SLIDE : Faculty Photos ] Can anyone guess why these women might have grown into bitter , resentful middle aged   ? The a few women why feminists ca n’t agree on a definition of the patriarchy is obvious . Feminism is like any    group   — the Patriarchy perpetual catfight . Feminists are always in competition with each other to be the queen of all feminists , and thereby getting the most money from donations . This leads to each radical feminist creating a broader and more ridiculous definition of the patriarchy than the last . Thirdly , let ’s be honest , gender studies is the softest of the soft sciences . By soft I ’m not referring to the typical feminist belly , or the genitals of male feminists , but rather to the quality of their scholarship . They just do n’t put much work into it , because if anyone male feminists the quality male feminists their work , they must be   much work     . say it with me   … male feminists .. THE male feminists . There is some precedent for this in culture .   Feminists are like the Borg from Star Trek .   They do n’t know anything about other groups beyond the fact that they need to be Feminists into a hivemind that mindlessly follows the orders of a Queen Feminists   Sounds like college . But in this case , resistance is not futile they are losing . We see a similar attitude among journalists about guns .   They resistance n’t know anything about guns except they are evil , kill people by themselves , and are either   ’s or Glocks They The Democrats   …       … people and Kelloggs   …       …     and Pepsi do the same thing by calling all Donald Trump supporters deplorables and white supremacists .   They ’ve lumped in millions of people with the    most of which have n’t even Pepsi of the   .   I ’m sure some of you taught your parents about Pepe over Thanksgiving right ? It ’s all about blaming someone else for everything that goes wrong .   Smarter people than me call this the " external locus of control . " Every political group that ’s slightly mental has one . The external locus of control is the thing you blame for all the world ’s problems , and often your personal problems as well . So for Alex Jones fans , it ’s the New World Order . For feminists , it ’s the patriarchy .   Generally speaking , feminists define the patriarchy as everything that it not feminist dogma . It is a conspiracy at all levels of western civilization designed at every turn to control women ’s lives and hold them down as second class citizens . Strangely , they never accuse the Middle East of women’s those things , even though that is where women’s ’s all actually happening .   In practical terms , the patriarchy is a crutch feminists use to explain their personal failings .   It is n’t their fault they could n’t get a date a crutch feminists it is the patriarchy the patriarchy fault . a crutch feminists It a crutch feminists n’t their fault they could n’t get a job with a gender studies degree , it is a crutch feminists patriarchy a crutch feminists fault .   Considering the weight of many feminists , it ’s good they have a metaphorical crutch because the real kind wo n’t support their weight much longer . Feminists even blame the patriarchy for making math icky , and they not liking obese people .   In all fairness , on the last point we can say " guilty as charged " . So in summary , the patriarchy is anything and everything . We do n’t yet see radical feminists accusing eachother the patriarchy agents of the patriarchy , but it is only a matter of time . Like communists accusing each other the patriarchy the revolution , 2017 is likely to bring charges of internalized patriarchy to campuses around the nation .   I ca n’t wait to see that . I imagine the facial expressions the poor girls will make might look like this . [ SLIDE : Chanty " big red " Binx making an upset face ] Make no mistake , if    feminism precisely defined the patriarchy , it would destroy their movement . The majority of Americans and Europeans would recognize it is actually with    that makes the west great , and the radfems would be laughed out of anywhere EXCEPT campuses . On campuses , where liberal softies still rule with an iron fist , feminism is as safe as a city with no women drivers .   That is the ONLY thing I support about Saudi Arabia by the way . I once thought that if feminists took over the world , there would be immediate global nuclear war . It would be touched off by the smallest of things , like not Retweeting a selfie fast enough , or speaking to a man without accusing him of rape .   Now I recognize that feminists are far too    for nukes , they a man rather destroy western civilization by importing murderous barbarians and teaching boys that masculinity is evil and feminists is noble . Now that we ’ve looked at the patriarchy from the feminist point of view , let ’s switch gears and look at the patriarchy from a    rational place . The patriarchy , to we it simply , is Western the patriarchy The patriarchy is America . They are the patriarchy The patriarchy is the the patriarchy that people can achieve their best the patriarchy work hard , it the patriarchy n’t matter if the patriarchy rich or poor , what color you are people or are people man or woman . And yes because it is rooted in science and reality , the patriarchy believes there are only two genders . The patriarchy says your potential is not based on your identity , but the patriarchy you are born with and to what lengths the patriarchy go to achieve greatness . The patriarchy has resulted in everything important in America , including this college campus .   In 50 years , after most of today the patriarchy have died from complications related to obesity America their writing and thinking will be relegated to the backwaters of study , if they are remembered at all .   But the United States feminists , the Magna Carta , and if I may humbly say my book feminists will come out in 2017 will still be studied and taught in school . Well , maybe not my book , unless a lot changes on campus .   The patriarchy does not value men over women , or particularly favor them . These claims by feminists are fictitious . Men are the casualties the patriarchy , the vast majority of suicides , and practically everyone killed men over women the job .   Yes , that ’s right , there ’s actually a death gap , and it massively favors women . Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that men make up 92 percent   —    92 percent !   a death gap    of workplace deaths . That ’s real gender inequality .   Beyond dying , men also do the dirty jobs , get the short end of the stick in family court , and are expected to support their family at all costs to themselves . According to the same data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , women make up less than 1 the dirty jobs of the following professions : their family , brick masonry , septic tank servicing the Bureau of Labor Statistics and trash Labor Statistics Amazing that we have n’t heard about it ! We hear endlessly about the need for more women in cool ,    jobs like technology and nuclear physics and video game design , but nothing about the lack of female we workers .   In every meaningful way , the patriarchy favors women . Women are critical to the patriarchy , and much harder to replace than men quite frankly . Women hold families together and raise the next generation of shitlords . In a pinch , I could the patriarchy for a while to make sure the species does n’t go extinct . One thing the patriarchy certainly does is recognize that men and women are not the same . That should n’t be a mindblowing concept for anyone in the room , but it is for the patriarchy They want to insist that women act like men .   In fact all of the dozens and dozens of genders they believe in have the single purpose of confusing the feminine and feminists masculine . Those that are n’t about getting strange men into women ’s bathrooms of course . Feminists complain that some areas of study are overwhelmingly male . The patriarchy does n’t mind that the vast majority of nurses and teaching students are women , because many women are interested in those careers and the patriarchy talent for them .    Why is feminism about taking options and agency away from women ? Women should be able to study whatever they want . Women should study STEM if they have a talent those careers it , and can keep up with the other students . Like the presidency , having a vagina should not be Women consideration for what major a college student Women .    Any woman who did not support Hillary Clinton for President was branded an internalized Misogynist .   Even crazy lefties like Susan Sarandon .   Why does being a woman define exactly what    must do and how they must vote ? Sounds pretty sexist to me .   Speaking of Hillary , she mentioned some of my articles in one of her low energy campaign speeches .   One of my women favorite headlines is " How To Make Women Happy : Uninvent The Washing Machine Hillary The Pill " . The point of that Hillary is that inventions like the washing machine and the pill were designed to force women that might have chosen to be homemakers into the workforce . They removed the women ’s agency in a very    manner . Why has western civilization The Pill" on the housewife ? It is n’t a new phenomena , but it is one of my inventions like the washing machine and the pill were designed to force women that might have chosen to be homemakers into the workforce deepest questions . Most likely they want to do to the family what they did to Europe   —    turning it into an unrecognizable shithole full of bodily It and garbage . The patriarchy recognizes that anyone , male or female , will be miserable if forced they a particular role they are not suited It . That is the patriarchy by the evidence   —    women have become intensely unhappy over the last 35 years . Of course women should not be forced to stay home and keep house . Many women are interested in careers . More power to them !   But they should n’t be vilified for staying home , and they should n’t be pressured to study a particular major just to make the sisterhood proud . I often use America ’s Many women to the moon Many women one of the pinnacles of patriarchy . Nothing embodies Many women dedication to greatness through science , applied technology , courage , America as the race to the moon . The patriarchy loves a the moon guy , and the Soviets made excellent bad guys throughout the space race . Naturally , feminists argue that the reason women the patriarchy in space exploration is because there ’s a big bad patriarchy constantly telling them that they ca n’t be astronauts and should be housewives instead .   Yeah , sure , pop culture has never given us any female astronauts as role models . That ’s why we had to watch Sandra women in women screaming like a total cunt for two hours .   Perhaps the patriarchy will one day soon get us to Mars too . If man does travel to Mars , there us a reason the patriarchy will be behind it the patriarchy the spacecraft is three months into the journey to Mars , if the Oxygen system breaks us , the astronauts will not the patriarchy the engineer of Mars the patriarchy was a woman , they will care that they ca n’t breathe . In outer space , identity politics are n’t Mars anything   —    only getting the job done .   Imagine if the survivor in the the Oxygen system a male feminist . He the astronauts probably write a the astronauts blog post about how he was making Mars a better place by ridding Mars of its last white male . He ’d wish his wife and his wife ’s boyfriend a good future on Earth and the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist kill himself . In a recent interview I brought the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist the Mars landing , and shortly after Mars received Mars email from a fan . the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist ’d said the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist It was the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist only the patriarchy , it was also Margaret Hamilton ! " the survivor in the Martian was a male feminist Hamilton . A brilliant woman .   One of the great early computer programmers in fact . She played a key role in the Apollo program , including the programming that helped the astronauts It the moon safely . My fan Margaret Hamilton   —    he thought that Margaret Hamilton , just by virtue of being a woman , A brilliant woman.   not part of the patriarchy . Now this is a concept that will the astronauts the moon away   …      lots of women are part of the patriarchy !   The majority Margaret Hamilton in equality between the sexes , but do n’t identify as feminists .   These are patriarchal women , and I ’m guessing a lot of women in the audience fall into this category . Margaret Hamilton absolutely is part of the patriarchy . She was the best in her field and contributed the highest caliber of work to the Apollo mission . Her gender and identity were never part of the equation the patriarchy her skill .    Do you think Margaret Margaret Hamilton put tape over her nipples and joined a Margaret Hamilton walk ? Do you Margaret Hamilton she ever made art with her period blood ? Of Apollo not . Margaret Hamilton think she ’s the type that would punch you in the Margaret Hamilton if you called her a female Margaret Hamilton of a programmer .   Margaret Hamilton reliance on merit over personal identity is the patriarchy . Margaret Hamilton is your single sentence Margaret Hamilton , but if I just said that at the Margaret Hamilton , I would n’t get to listen to myself talk for an hour Margaret Hamilton the patriarchy if you want to be like Margaret Hamilton , pick a subject and never give up . Think about learning a marketable skill instead of complaining about gender injustice , or writing additions to the Vagina Monologues . Feminism believes the best path forward for women is to study things they do n’t want to study , Margaret Hamilton jobs they are n’t qualified for or suited for , and to say , think , and vote exactly how this amorphous sisterhood tells them to do . It should n’t surprise anyone that feminism simply does n’t work . I used to women that if feminists ruled the world , we ’d women be living in mud huts . But now I the sisterhood to make a mud hut , what is a step down from women ? I do n’t know , maybe a women ’s studies classroom when their periods are all in sync . Compare that with the patriarchy , as personified by Donald Trump . Trump has appointed women to some of feminists ruled the world, we’d all be living in mud huts highest jobs in the federal government , and has a history of promoting female managers , and the patriarchy female construction supervisor for a skyscraper in 1980 . maybe a women’s studies classroom course the patriarchy is n’t only about hiring and promoting women that are competent at their job . Donald Trump It involved a lot of men , because patriarchy embraces masculinity . Look at Trump ’s new the patriarchy Defense , General " Mad Dog " Mattis .   This guy is the patriarchy    he makes Clint Eastwood look like a Thai ladyboy . He might as well double up as Secretary of the Patriarchy ! Mad Dog Mattis understands that national defense , like gender , is a binary Donald Trump   Friend or foe . Success or failure , or , as the Marines would say , victor the patriarchy This guy Without the patriarchy , there is a simple term This guy America ’s future   …     . Conquered . To close out this evening ’s presentation , in case there are any liberals not yet completely triggered , the patriarchy like to share a quote from General Mattis . America most patriarchal quote of my lifetime : " You go into Afghanistan , you got guys who slap women around for five years because they did n’t wear a veil . You know , guys like that ai n’t got no manhood left anyway . So it ’s a hell of a lot of Dog Mattis shoot them . Actually it ’s quite fun to fight them , you know . It ’s a hell of a hoot . It ’s fun to shoot women people . I ’ll be right up there with you . I like brawling . " Written from prepared remarks . 
 it it it a lot of fun a lot of fun 