" Charging Bull " had a message for " Fearless Girl " on Wednesday , and it was more " Get out of my space " than " Here ’s looking at you , kid . " a message for "Fearless Girl" actually came from Arturo Di Modica , the sculptor who created " Charging Bull " nearly 30 years ago . He Bull" copyrighted and trademarked the       sculpture that stands near Wall Street . Since March 7 , " Charging Bull Bull" has faced off against " Fearless Girl , " a statue of a girl posed with her fists on her her that was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors , a financial firm based in Boston . Mr. Di Modica said that " Fearless Girl " was an insult to his Mr. Di Modica , which he Mr. Di Modica after the stock market crashes in the late 1980s . " She her there attacking the bull , " he Mr. Di Modica . Even as Mr. Mr. Di Modica denouncing " Fearless Girl " at a news conference in Midtown Manhattan , State Street Global ’s home page highlighted the statue for its message about State Street Global’s the power of women in leadership " and urged " greater gender diversity on corporate boards . " Mr. Di Modica and his lawyers did not disagree with that idea at a news conference   —    " None of us here are in any way not proponents of gender equality , " said one of Mr. Di Modica ’s lawyers , Norman Siegel , a former executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union . They demanded that None of us here Fearless Girl " be moved somewhere else . Mayor Bill de Blasio , who spoke out in support of " Fearless Girl " last month , reiterated its importance on Twitter on Wednesday : " Men who do n’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl "Fearless Girl" Fearless Girl " was seen by many as a unifying symbol during International Women ’s Day last month . Chelsea Clinton and the actress Jessica Chastain posted on Twitter expressing support for the Twitter . But on Wednesday , Mr. Siegel said , " Principle trumps popularity , and there are principles here . " For his part , Mr. Di Mr. Siegel became emotional Mr. Siegel that when he had heard about " Fearless Girl Mr. Siegel " his reaction was to go to the Mr. Siegel in Lower Manhattan and try to do something to end the    between the two statues . " I said , ‘ Now I ’m going to turn around the bull myself,’ " he recalled . The lawyers said that Mr. Siegel Fearless Girl " had subverted the bull ’s meaning , which Mr. the bull myself,’ defined as " freedom in the world , peace , strength , power and love . " Because of " Fearless Girl , " Mr. Siegel said , " ‘ Charging Mr. Siegel longer carries a positive Mr. Siegel optimistic message , " adding that Mr. Di Modica ’s work " has been transformed Mr. Di Modica force and a threat . " The lawyers accused State Street Global of commissioning " Fearless Girl " as a    work that was conceived with " Charging Bull " in mind . They said that that had improperly commercialized Mr. Di Modica ’s The lawyers in violation of its copyright . They asserted that the city had violated his Mr. Di Modica’s statue rights by The lawyers permits allowing the     " Fearless Girl " to stand across from the    bronze bull without Mr. Di Modica ’s permission . Mr. Siegel and other lawyers Mr. Di Modica’s released letters they had sent to the mayor Ronald P. O’Hanley Mr. Di Modica’s and chief executive of Mr. Siegel and other lawyers for Mr. Di Modica Street Global and Harris Diamond , the chairman and chief executive of McCann Worldgroup , State Street Global ’s marketing agency . Among other things , the letters demanded the removal of " Fearless Girl . " Anne McNally , a spokeswoman letters they had sent to the mayor Ronald P. O’Hanley, the president and chief executive of State Street Global and Harris Diamond, the chairman and chief executive of McCann Worldgroup, State Street Global’s marketing agency Street Global , said the firm was reviewing the letter . She added , " We State Street Global grateful to the City State Street Global York and people around the world Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global have responded so Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global to what the ‘ Fearless Girl’ represents   —    the power and potential of having more women in leadership . " Mr. Siegel said he had filed Freedom of Information requests for city records about the permits for " Fearless Girl . " It Mr. Siegel initially issued a    permit , but after it became a social media sensation , Mr. de Blasio announced that the permit was being extended . The mayor It that the sculpture could remain until next year ’s International Women a   permit . In March , the mayor called the statue a symbol of " standing up to fear , standing up to power , being able The mayor in yourself the strength to do what ’s right . " He also said the timing of the placement of " Fearless Girl " mattered , coming early in Donald J. Trump ’s The mayor and not long after the women ’s rights marches that followed his inauguration . " She is inspiring everyone at a moment when we need inspiration , " the mayor said . Mr. Siegel said he hoped that the dispute over the two statues could be resolved amicably . But he added , " We never dismiss Mr. Siegel possibility of litigation . " 
 Mr. Siegel 