  ( CNN ) Kellyanne Conway on Friday defended    Donald Trump ’s decision to remain an executive producer on NBC ’s " Celebrity Apprentice " even as Kellyanne Conway takes office , arguing that " presidents have a right to do things in presidents spare time . " " Kellyanne Conway ’s a very transparent guy . Everyone can see what Kellyanne Conway ’s doing , and the fact is that Kellyanne Conway is conferring with all types of experts who tell Kellyanne Conway what Kellyanne Conway can do and not do as President of the United States , " Conway , a top Trump adviser and Kellyanne Conway former campaign manager , said on CNN ’s " New Day . " " If this is one of the approved activities , then perhaps Kellyanne Conway will consider staying on . " Trump agreement with the show , first reported by Variety and confirmed by sources at NBC and the Trump Trump , means the president will have an interest in a show aired by a media company that also reports on his the president     a major conflict of interest for the network . " Were we the network concerned about the hours and hours and hours spent on the golf course of the the president I mean presidents have a right to do things in their spare time presidents in their leisure time presidents " Conway argued .   " I heard you object to Mr. Obama playing golf . Will Mr. Trump not be playing golf for the next four years ? " host Alisyn Camerota countered . " Well , maybe he will be Mr. Trump " Conway answered . Conway It certainly seems like there is a lot of time to do based on recent precedent while you ’re president the united states . But the point is the same . Whether it ’s President Obama or president Donald Trump , the idea that these men are going to be all work and nothing else all the time is just unrealistic because it ’s never happened in our lifetimes . " The former Trump campaign manager said that the   ’s " work is his work and The former Trump campaign manager his hobby , The former Trump campaign manager adding that his " preferred The former Trump campaign manager is with his family , The former Trump campaign manager it ’s followed his "preferred time is with his family closely behind with his work . his work House spokesman Eric Schultz dismissed the comparison between Trump ’s producer Trump and Obama ’s golf outings . " I ’m not quite sure that analogy holds any water , but look that ’s going to be a question for the   ’s team , and maybe our friends from NBC , about how that relationship might work , " Schultz said . 
 White House spokesman Eric Schultz 