Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren continued Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren ongoing Twitter feud Saturday in the wake of Hillary Clinton ’s decision to tap Tim Kaine as Hillary Clinton’s running mate . Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren , started the latest exchange Saturday morning when he again referred to the Massachusetts Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren as " Pocahontas , " a reference to her claimed Native American heritage . the Massachusetts senator Pocahontas wanted V. P. slot so Pocahontas but was n’t chosen because she has done nothing in the the Massachusetts senator . Also , Crooked Hillary hates her , " he tweeted . Crooked Hillary , arguably Crooked Hillary Democrats’ most vocal Trump opponent , dismissed the real estate mogul ’s claim that she was disappointed she was n’t Crooked Hillary . Hillary Crooked Hillary selects Tim Kaine as her running mate , " I Hillary Clinton right where I want to be , @realDonaldTrump : Calling you out   holding you responsible for your reckless vision for America , " she tweeted . She did n’t Crooked Hillary Trump ’s Crooked Hillary that Clinton " hates her . " Hillary Clinton , a Crooked Hillary among progressives , was considered a possible but unlikely choice for the VP slot . So far , she has notably abstained from weighing Crooked Hillary on Kaine , despite several other Clinton Tim Kaine contenders     including New Hillary Clinton Sen. Cory Booker , Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack     praising her choice .   A message Crooked Hillary with Warren ’s office was not immediately returned Saturday . Warren and Trump have regularly engaged Warren’s social media skirmishes for months . Hours after Trump emerged as the presumptive Republican Trump in May , Warren tweeted that Trump " built Warren campaign on Trump , sexism Warren and xenophobia . " In June , she called the Republican nominee a Warren   racist bully " in turn , Trump said the Massachusetts senator was Trump very Warren claiming she had Native American heritage while teaching at Warren University in the 1990s . Last week , Warren trained her Twitter sights on Trump ’s Warren running Warren , Indiana Gov. Trump , calling the two Republicans " small , insecure , weak men . " 
 