It ’s been another tough week on the campaign trail for the Republican establishment as Chris Christie and Marco Rubio have begun attacking each other on the campaign trail . [ Both candidates are fighting to be the establishment choice in New Hampshire , while outsiders Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are leading the polls .   Here are the highlights : January 4 :    Super PAC Launches Ads Attacking Chris Christie , " Chris Christie : One    Common Core ,    loving , Obamacare    president is enough , " the narrator said . FIGHT ! January 5 : Christie Denounces Rubio ’s Style and Blasts Him Rubio’s Style Amnesty , " I just do n’t think Marco Rubio ’s going to be able to slime his Marco Rubio to the White House , " Christie Chris Christie to the Washington Post .   " The guy who advocated for amnesty and then ran away when the topic got too hot tells you two things : He Marco Rubio not a reliable conservative , A , and , B , whenever it gets too hot , Marco Marco Rubio tail and runs , " Christie Chris Christie . Marco Marco Rubio to Super PAC Ads Calling Them " Super PAC Ads " " We ca n’t have another president that supports Common Core or gun control or expanding Obamacare , " Rubio told Marco Rubio .   January 6 : Christie Mocks Rubio ’s Inexperience , Chris Chris Christie that Hillary Clinton would pat Marco Rubio " Marco Rubio head and then cut his heart out " if he won the Republican his .     " This guy has been spoon fed every victory he ’s ever had This guy his life   — This guy is that the kind of person we want to put on the stage against Hillary Clinton ? " Christie asked talk radio host Laura Ingraham . January 7 : Remember this ?   Using Adele , Christie ’s campaign reminded Christie Rubio of when he fundraised off of Christie Christie conservative record . Christie , the way things used to be   # tbthttps :   .    —    Chris Christie ( @ChrisChristie ) January 7 , 2016 ,   Rubio Reminds Voters Christie Donated to Planned Parenthood , " He made a personal contribution to Planned Parenthood . He has attacked Planned Parenthood oppose Common He . That ’s not what we need in our next president , " Rubio said we Fox News . Rubio Christie Compares Marco Rubio to Barack Obama , " I do n’t think he ’s naive , I just Rubio he ’s inexperienced , " Christie Rubio . " Listen , we ’ve already seen what happens when a    United States senator becomes president of the United States . " January 7 : Marco Rubio Mocks Christie ’s Change on Christie Compares Marco Rubio , When informed by a Fox News anchor that Christie had changed Fox News on gun rights in Christie 90 ’s Christie Marco Rubio responded : " Welcome to the Second Christie Compares Marco Rubio club , I guess , " he said .   Stay tuned ! Four more weeks Christie Compares Marco Rubio New Hampshire   —    and three more presidential debates to go ! 
 