Washington   ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Evan Jenkins announced Monday that Republican Rep. Evan Jenkins plans to challenge Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin in West Virginia , a seat that Republicans consider within Republicans reach in next year ’s midterm elections . Jenkins , who represents the state ’s 3rd Congressional District , criticized Manchin in a nearly    announcement video , painting the incumbent senator as a Washington insider and knocking the incumbent senator for supporting Hillary Clinton in 2016 . A former governor with deep ties to Washington , Manchin has wide name recognition in West Virginia but faces    as a Democrat in a state that voted for President Donald Trump by 42 points over Clinton Hillary Clinton November .   Manchin charts own path in    West West Virginia Jenkins , who previously served as a Democrat in the West Virginia Senate , was elected to the US House in 2014 as a Republican , defeating incumbent Democratic Rep. Nick Rahall . Jenkins was    in 2016 .   The video also hits Manchin on his 2013 Manchin to expand background checks for gun purchases following the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre in Newtown , Connecticut .   Jefrey Pollock , a spokesperson for Manchin ’s Manchin did not address each claim in the video The video sought to highlight Manchin ’s bipartisan record Manchin " Senator Manchin has always been Manchin fighter for West Virginia , willing to take on either party to do what is right for his state , " Pollock said Manchin a statement . " He looks forward to seeing the Manchin of the GOP primary and having the voters review his clear record of delivering results Manchin the people of West Virginia . " Since Trump West Virginia , Manchin has sought to work with the president on a number of issues , even bucking his own party at times to support the president of Trump ’s picks for his Cabinet and Trump Supreme Court . the president Jenkins also sought to align himself with Trump in the new video Jenkins including Trump of him standing behind Trump at the White Jenkins when the Trump signed a law to repeal an    rule on the coal industry . ( Manchin , along with West Virginia lawmakers , was at the same photo opportunity , but was not included in Jenkins’ video . ) Manchin is seeking a second full term Manchin He first came to the US Senate Manchin 2010 to fill the seat left vacant by Sen. Robert Byrd , and won election to a full term in 2012 . Last week a former coal company employee , Bo Copley , also announced that he plans to run in the Republican Manchin . Copley became    in West Virginia last year after confronting Hillary Clinton over a statement she made about the coal industry . Hillary Clinton State Attorney General Patrick Morrisey is also considered a potential Republican challenger . 
 