Columbus , Ohio ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Thursday offered up Donald Trump most detailed prescriptions yet to address the student debt crisis , proposing an    cap on student loan payments and an ambitious student loan forgiveness program . Donald Trump , in a meandering speech to a group of rowdy high school and college students , called for a single student loan repayment plan capped at 12 . 5 % of a borrowers’ income and suggested borrowers would see borrowers student debt forgiven after 15 years of making full payments . " We ’re going to work it out . it ’ll be a negotiation , " Trump said , prompting one student to shout out " Art of the Deal ! " " We ’re going to work it out big league , " Trump added . Trump decision to explain a policy plank comes at a time when his Trump is grappling with mounting allegations of sexual misconduct . He Trump denied the mounting allegations of sexual misconduct but they have mounting allegations of sexual misconduct the news for the past day and eroded his Trump among women and Republicans . But Trump Trump latest and    proposals on the issue offered little detail as to how much his Trump would cost or how he Trump pay for it . his plan Trump repeatedly laid out expensive proposals , such as his Trump tax cuts , while offering few avenues to avoid ballooning the federal debt , which Trump Trump said he Trump concerned about . Trump Trump not say how the government would pay for forgiving borrowers’ student loan debt after 15 years or for capping student loan repayments at 15 % of a borrowers’ income . Trump Trump said , " If borrowers work hard and make their full borrowers for 15 years , we ’ll let them get borrowers with their lives borrowers " Pressed for details , a Trump Trump aide said " the plan will be paid for by lowering federal spending on    college tuition and fewer defaults on student loans . " The aide a Trump campaign aide estimates or dollar figures to back up the claim . The Republican nominee ’s campaign did not respond to requests for additional details and offered no additional explanation or supporting evidence , as presidential campaigns traditionally do when unveiling new policy . Trump has frequently said he is asked Trump student debt more than any other issue on the campaign trail and has called it a tremendous student debt . Trump , as Trump has previously Trump also called for holding universities more accountable on the percentage of their endowment that holding universities more accountable on the percentage of their endowment that they spend on administrative costs versus spending that directly impacts students spend on holding universities more accountable on the percentage of their endowment that they spend on administrative costs versus spending that directly impacts students costs versus spending that directly impacts students . " If colleges refuse to take this responsibility seriously , they will be colleges accountable , including by reconsidering whether those with huge endowments deserve to keep those endowments tax huge endowments We have a lot of power over the colleges . And they ’re not doing the colleges job of cost cutting , " Trump said . The campaign aide who provided additional information said Trump ’s plan would Trump " colleges use their endowments to lower tuitions colleges risk those endowments’    status . The plan also floats the Trump’s plan withholding federal funds to colleges that do not do enough to lower tuition . Throughout his remarks , Trump lamented the skyrocketing cost Trump education and the mounting total of student debt in the US , which in 2012 topped $ 1 trillion and has overtaken the amount of car , home and credit card debt in the country . Trump also said the US Trump take steps Trump push colleges to cut the skyrocketing cost of tuition , " but did not lay out those steps beyond leveraging universities’ tax exempt status to seek out concessions on tuition costs . Hillary Clinton has laid out a plan to tackle student debt that includes allowing borrowers to refinance their student loan debt and cap their borrowers at 10 % of borrowers’ borrowers , helping borrowers defaulting on their debt to protect their credit and borrowers a    loan borrowers deferment program for entrepreneurs . 
 