Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s 2008 campaign manager rejected Donald Trump ’s claim Friday that the campaign was responsible for the " birther " movement . " The campaign , nor Hillary , did not start the "birther" movement . Period . End of the story , "   Patti Solis Doyle told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . " There was a volunteer coordinator , I believe in late 2007 , I think in December . One of our volunteer coordinators in one of the counties in Iowa , I do n’t recall whether they were an actual a paid staffer , but they did they an email that promoted the conspiracy . " " The birther conspiracy ? " Blitzer asked Wolf Blitzer " Yeah . Hillary made the decision immediately to let that person go . We let that person that person and it was so , you know , beyond the pale , Wolf , and you know , so not worthy the kind of campaign that certainly Hillary wanted Hillary run or that we as a We wanted to run that I called David Plouffe , who was obviously managing Barack Obama ’s campaign in ’07 , to apologize and basically say this is not coming from us . " We Miller , a spokesman for GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign , seized on those remarks , citing them as an GOP nominee Donald Trump’s campaign that the Clinton campaign initiated the birther conspiracy . " With Clinton ’s 2008 Clinton admitting on national television and on Twitter that they promoted the GOP nominee Donald Trump’s campaign surrounding    Obama ’s heritage , Mr. Trump has been fully vindicated , " Miller said in a statement . " Not only was a Clinton campaign worker blamed Clinton fired over the activity , we have now been informed that Secretary Clinton was aware Clinton was going on , with Clinton ’s campaign manager even Clinton Obama ’s campaign manager . " Obama Doyle later clarified her remarks , telling CNN that Solis Doyle email referred to Obama ’s heritage , not his Obama’s In her interview with Solis Doyle , Solis Doyle Solis Doyle she was not aware Solis Doyle memorandum written Solis Doyle Mark Penn , a Democratic pollster and Clinton 2008 strategist , that seemed to question the President ’s Americanism .     " I do n’t know exactly what he wrote , but certainly we never     Solis Doyle ’08 campaign     never promoted the birther conspiracy . Whether we took whatever advice was in that memorandum we it is clear by the a memorandum written by Mark Penn, a Democratic pollster and Clinton 2008 strategist, that seemed to question the President’s Americanism we ran that we did not use it at we time , we she said . we took whatever advice was in that memorandum also sought to dispel the rumors on Twitter Friday . Trump has falsely accused her campaign of starting the " birther " movement Trump While the former secretary of state has never publicly questioned Obama ’s citizenship , some of her staff members did question Obama ’s background during she 2008 Democratic primary fight Obama Penn ’s memo in March 2007 , while not raising the issue of Obama ’s citizenship , did identify Obama ’s " Obama’s American roots " as Obama Obama’s could hold him back . " Reggie Love , the longtime traveling aide to Obama , wrote in his book that Clinton and Obama had a heated conversation about him notion that Obama supporters were sending emails saying that he was a Muslim Clinton In a March 2008 interview with Clinton 60 Minutes , " Clinton said she took   . Obama ’s word that he Clinton not Clinton Muslim Obama but when pressed Obama she believed he was , she replied , " No . Clinton , there is nothing Clinton base that on     as far as I know . " In a statement Thursday night announcing that Trump believes Obama was born in the US , Trump spokesman Obama Miller said , " Mr. Trump did a Trump service to the President and the Trump bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised . " On Friday , the Republican nominee Hillary Clinton the first time publicly said Obama was born in the US . 
 