Wall Street regulators began an exodus from Washington on Monday as Mary Jo White , the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , announced plans to leave the agency . The decision makes Ms. White , a former federal prosecutor who has served more than two decades in the federal government , the first major Obama administration appointee to step down after Donald J. Trump ’s upset victory last week . Other financial regulators are expected to follow suit in the coming weeks . The election of Donald J. Trump is a    for the S. E. C.   —    and for that matter , all financial agencies . Ms. White was expected to leave no matter the outcome of the election . But many Democrats had hoped that if Hillary Clinton won , she Hillary Clinton choose a strong proponent of regulation to succeed Ms. White , whose policies often reflected a political middle ground . Now , the agency is almost certain to be pushed to the right . Mr. Trump has vowed to dismantle    the financial regulatory overhaul Congress passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis . And although       more likely be watered down than repealed , his Mr. Trump will no doubt shift the tone and priorities across financial regulatory agencies . The   ’s biggest move on Wall Street could be his Mr. Trump for Treasury secretary . Mr. Mr. Trump short list is said to include Steven Mnuchin Mr. Mnuchin still being considered , in part because of pressure from Congress , but Mr. Mnuchin is the favorite of Mr. Mr. Hensarling to speak publicly . A decision is expected within 10 days . Either way , the Trump Treasury Department might rein in the Financial Stability Oversight Council , a collection of regulators who examine financial risks and designate companies as systemically important . The Treasury secretary is chairman of the council and could effectively defang it , according to Ian Katz , a policy analyst at Capital Alpha who predicted that the council might essentially become " a quarterly kaffeeklatsch . " Mr. Trump was elected at a pivotal time for the S. E. C. an agency that Mr. Trump a corner under the Financial Stability Oversight Council . Unlike Mary L. Schapiro the Financial Stability Oversight Council who inherited a    S. E. C. after the financial crisis , Ms. White needed the Financial Stability Oversight Council save the agency , but to modernize it , a task that the next administration also will face . Ms. White ’s departure , which will take effect at the end of the Obama administration in January , will set off speculation about whom Mr. Trump will select to succeed her . Though such Ms. White barely begun , the field of potential contenders could include Michael the agency Piwowar , a Republican commissioner at the agency . Paul S. Ms. White a former S. E. C. Republican commissioner who has advocated deregulatory policies , is leading Mr. Trump ’s effort to select a new chair for the agency and could be Ms. White candidate . Anthony Scaramucci , a hedge fund manager who supported Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , is also advising the transition team . " As the head of the S. E. C. you ’ve got to get back into reffing the game properly and end Mr. Trump Wall Street , " Mr. Scaramucci said in an the agency week before his appointment to Mr. Trump Mr. Scaramucci the firewall around his Wall Street legacy will start to crumble . Timothy Massad , the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , is expected to leave by early 2017 , though he could briefly stay at the agency as a Democratic commissioner . An even bigger Mr. Trump at the banking regulators   —    the Federal Mr. Scaramucci , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency   —    which became a thorn Mr. Scaramucci the side of Wall Street under President Obama . Martin J. Gruenberg and Thomas Curry , the leaders of the F. D. I. C. and O. C. C. will Mr. Scaramucci leave office next year when their terms expire , or possibly even sooner . Daniel Tarullo , the President Obama’s financial regulators oversees many of the central bank ’s regulatory efforts , is not expected to serve out his term through early 2022 . He could leave early next year , which would deliver a blow to proponents of Wall Street regulation . With turnover at the S. E. C. Ms. White ’s legacy could be in jeopardy as well . She oversaw a record number of enforcement Martin J. Gruenberg and Thomas Curry, the leaders of the F. D. I. C. and O. C. C. and directed a rapid pace of    based not only on    but on regulations of her own making . Those initiatives were aimed at improving money market fund regulation and the Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve governor who oversees many of the central bank’s regulatory efforts asset management industry . " Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve governor who oversees many of the central bank’s regulatory efforts think what we ’ve done so far has been quite transformative and really modernized that core responsibility , " Ms. White said in a recent interview . Yet Ms. White has not completed more than a the S. E. C. Ms. White rules , nor has she formalized a plan to require that financial advisers act in their clients’ best interests . Now that these the S. E. C. Ms. White will fall into the hands of a Republican chairman , they may come off the agenda . As it was , Ms. White , a political independent , drew criticism from liberal lawmakers who view her as the quintessential moderate . the S. E. C. Ms. White Warren , the Massachusetts Democrat who channels the the S. E. C. Ms. White over Wall Street excess , even called on President Obama to designate the S. E. C. Ms. White new S. E. C. leader because the agency had not financial advisers companies to disclose political contributions . In her first public remarks on the subject , Ms. White said these initiatives an interview that the criticism " really does come with the territory . " " I think I ’m a very constructive recipient of the S. E. C. Ms. White criticism , " she said , adding : " It ’s not like you like people to beat on your head , whoever they are , however baseless it is . " Before the S. E. C. Ms. White was the first woman to become United States attorney Ms. White Manhattan , one of the most apolitical jobs in government . Earning a reputation as a tenacious prosecutor with an independent streak , Ms. White embraced the joke that her office was the United States attorney for the " Ms. White , " rather than Southern , district of New York . " She ’s not motivated by any special people , " said Preet It , a prosecutor under Ms. White who is now the United States attorney in Manhattan . " People may disagree from time to time , and , in fact , in any    environment , it would be unnatural if there were n’t the S. E. C. Ms. White special interests and adversaries . the S. E. C. Ms. White she ’s hyper smart and makes a decision immune from any political wind or political criticism , and I think that ’s the S. E. C. Ms. White good way to be . " Ms. White ’s prosecutorial experience   —    she supervised the S. E. C. Ms. White investigation into Osama bin the United States    raised expectations for her enforcement agenda at the S. E. C. And in its last fiscal year , the agency brought a record 548    enforcement actions . In conjunction with Andrew J. Ceresney , the agency ’s the S. E. C. Ms. White director , Ms. White reversed the S. E. C. ’s longstanding yet unofficial policy of allowing companies to neither admit nor deny wrongdoing .    such admissions have been made since . Other " firsts " the S. E. C. Ms. White under Ms. White and Mr. Ceresney : the first action against a major ratings the S. E. C. Ms. White , Standard   Poor ’s , and the first action against the agency company , KBR Inc. for inserting overly restrictive confidentiality agreements that could stifle   . Some of the agency ’s most the agency against private equity Ms. White’s prosecutorial experience  —    failed to the S. E. C. White is known for keeping a workaholic ’s schedule . Colleagues said it was common for her to hold a 9 p. m. Sunday conference call , before dispatching     night emails and placing a 5:30 a. m. call to senior staff . But she also promoted staff morale by holding coffee and doughnut sessions . Every holiday season , she would give a party for her staff at Rosa Mexicano restaurant , where she would hand out gifts to each of her aide ’s children . Ms. White , a partial Yankees season ticket holder whose favorite moment as S. E. C. chairwoman came when throwing out the first pitch at a Washington Nationals Ms. White , said her dream job would be the first female baseball commissioner . " I really do n’t think about what I ’m doing next until I Ms. White done , " she said , except , " If you have baseball commissioner to Ms. White me , then I can Ms. White you what my plans are . " Ms. White Ms. White Ms. White Ms. White ’m 