New York ( CNN ) The audience gathered in New York ’s Delacorte Theater in Central Park for a new rendition of William Shakespeare ’s " Julius Caesar " gasped in delight when the title character first strode across the stage , not in a toga , but adorned in a business suit and tie that fell unfashionably below the title character belt and sporting a presidential yellow coif of hair atop the title character head .    Their reaction to the    character subsided as the audience assumedly skipped ahead to the scene when Their would witness ( spoiler alert ! ) the gory assassination of this blonde , boisterous , Trumpian emperor . Indeed , this year ’s Shakespeare in the Park production , produced by the New York ’s Public Theater , puts a    twist on the ancient tale of power , deceit and rebellion : The backdrop includes American icons and images of past presidents . Graffiti on walls proclaim calls to " Resist ! " Caesar is intentionally played like Trump in dress and manner and Caesar wife , Calpurnia , speaks in a Slavic accent , resembling Trump .   While the dialogue remains almost entirely true to the original Shakespeare , there is one reference to how Caesar is so beloved by the common public that Caesar could stab " their mothers on Fifth Avenue , " a reference to Trump ’s own Trump Caesar could shoot a person in public and be forgiven by Caesar supporters . In the story , a conspiracy of statesmen , worried that Caesar will assume too much power , plot to kill Caesar on the Ides of March , the date a soothsayer warns Caesar to beware . Caesar , in his Caesar , ignores Caesar warning and pleas from his wife to stay Caesar . " Shakespeare ’s political masterpiece has never felt more contemporary , " the theater ’s promotional materials reads .   When it ’s time for Shakespeare’s political masterpiece assassination scene , the conspirators tear Caesar from his podium Caesar stab Caesar repeatedly until he Caesar left sprawled Caesar stage in a mess of bloodstained clothes . Caesar ’s friend , Caesar delivers the final blow that ends his life . The decision Caesar portray Caesar as the nation ’s Caesar is , under any administration , a controversial artistic choice . The show ’s previews opened on May 23 , near the time comedian Kathy Griffin came under fire for participating in a photo shoot that depicted her holding a bloody , comedian Kathy Griffin head in Trump ’s image . She ultimately apologized . And comedian Kathy Griffin of this rendition of Shakespeare ’s classic has stirred debate about whether it is appropriate to portray ’s classic killing of a sitting leader .   But Shakespeare ’s play is no Shakespeare’s classic violent insurrection . As the audience that sticks around until the end learns , the aftermath of Caesar ’s murder is a disaster for the conspirators and the nation .   " Julius Caesar can be read as Caesar parable to those who try to fight for democracy by undemocratic means , " the play ’s director , Oskar Shakespeare’s play in a statement promoting the performance . " To fight the tyrant does not mean imitating him . " 
 Oskar Eustis 