  ( CNN ) On Tuesday we learned that President Obama had " secretly " summoned " Daily Show " host Jon Stewart to the White House twice in recent years . Social media was abuzz with the question of whether Jon Stewart was actually advising President Obama on certain policy issues . The comments of President Obama ’s former senior adviser , David Axelrod that Jon Stewart had " forceful arguments " on issues that " deserved to be answered " added to the speculation .    This got me thinking . One : Why would n’t President Obama consult with Jon Stewart , a man who is truly the Walter Cronkite ( with more laughs ) of our generation ?   And two : Would Jon Stewart consider running for president ?   Wait , before you dismiss this idea quickly , keep in mind that Sen. Al Franken ,    famously got Sen. Al Franken start as a comedic performer on " Saturday Night Live . "   And there ’s of course Ronald Reagan , who had a career as a    actor before becoming president . If Stewart became president , Stewart became president press conferences and presidential addresses would be the most entertaining ever . Instead of mimicking past presidents who offered us solemn , direct to camera speeches , Stewart would add flashy graphics and jokes that help Stewart make Stewart point . I bet some of President Stewart ’s speeches would go viral . Stewart would be the left ’s answer to Donald Trump . While Donald Trump offers horrific comments about Mexicans and POWs , Stewart would be making us smarter while crushing The Donald with comedic jibes .   Plus a    presidential debate would be such a huge draw that it could be the first presidential debate ever on    . The more I seriously contemplated a Stewart candidacy and reflected upon Stewart body of work , the more I realized that Stewart truly would make a great president . There ’s no doubt Stewart understands the nuances of the issues facing our nation after all , Stewart has been discussing them nightly for over 16 years . Stewart has raised issues of the day in a way that educated and entertained us , from George W. Bush ’s failed Iraq War policies to the hypocrisy of politicians to the media ’s tendency toward sensationalism . Stewart influenced our debates and discourses . Stewart made an important impact on a funding bill for first responders who had suffered chronic illness while working at ground zero . In 2010 , Senate Republicans blocked the vote to help these men and women in need . Stewart responded by using Stewart show as a platform to raise awareness in hopes of spurring action by Congress . Within three days of Stewart episode featuring first responders , the funding measure passed .   As PBS noted at the time , the funding for the first responders bill was " credited in large part to Comedy Central ’s Jon Stewart . "   So , would Stewart Stewart have a chance if he Stewart in the presidential race now ?   Former Obama adviser Eric Lesser told Politico this week about Stewart Stewart " I ’d be    to think of a person who spoke with the same amount of authority to that big of a group of people . "     Stewart Stewart would have many things going for him Stewart he Stewart .   He Stewart very high name recognition and is viewed as trustworthy . Not only did a 2009 Time online poll name him Stewart " most trusted newscaster in America , " but a recent poll also named Stewart Stewart top political pundit in America America far outdistancing people like Rush Limbaugh . And 48 % of the respondents to this recent poll stated they the respondents Stewart Stewart with over 50 % noting they the respondents with Stewart Stewart at least some issues .   ( Only 12 % never agreed with Stewart Stewart )   This is in sharp contrast to the numbers we see for Hillary Clinton . A recent CNN poll found that 57 % of Americans do n’t find her Stewart and her Stewart ratings outweighed her Stewart numbers .   A more recent Quinnipiac Poll in three key swing states found Clinton Hillary Clinton ratings to be even worse .   However , Stewart Stewart have certain practical obstacles , namely , a lack of fundraising and no ground operation in the early primary states .   ( There ’s a Facebook page " Jon Stewart for President " that fans created in 2010 , but that only has 16 , 000 likes .     All that would quickly change if Stewart Stewart hinted at running . Stewart Stewart of fans would likely jump into action , especially his younger Stewart , who are the very type needed to knock on doors and make phone calls for a candidate . And I bet it would energize those on the left who are not all that excited about Clinton . There ’s one more thing . Stewart may Stewart a secret weapon : President Obama . First , they are obviously friends . Earlier this week Obama playfully boasted that he could win Obama third term as president if allowed by law to pursue it . Well , if Obama went all Obama for Stewart , Stewart would be a way for Obama to test Obama he is as Obama popular as he believes . Obama if Stewart were Stewart win , Obama would clearly Obama an instrumental role in Stewart ’s Stewart . I know it ’s a long shot . But Trump ’s meteoric rise from a 71 % unfavorable rating among Republicans just a few week before he announced his Obama run Obama now leading the pack tells us that many Americans do n’t want the same old traditional politicians . They want someone many Americans don’t want the same old traditional politicians the Beltway who they believe can many Americans don’t want the same old traditional politicians things done . Stewart could be the one . Plus he ’s hilarious Stewart What more could America want in 2016 ? Join us on Facebook us . Read CNNOpinion ’s Flipboard magazine . 
 