With Donald J. Trump pulling even or ahead of Hillary Clinton in a series of recent national polls , the once unthinkable has become at least plausible . But if he is to be elected the 45th president , he must compete on a political map that , for now , looks forbidding . In the Republican primaries , he proved a master of nationalizing the political debate , appealing to voters across regional lines with jeremiads about immigration and crime that captivated an almost uniformly white primary electorate . At the outset of the general election , Mr. Trump has dominated the     political combat on national television and social media . In the general election , however , his fate Mr. Trump be determined not by his Twitter Mr. Trump or a relatively homogeneous Republican electorate , but by a set of interlocking and increasingly diverse regions , home to some 90 million Americans , that hold many of the 270 electoral votes he needs Mr. Trump win . Republicans enter the general the general election hefty disadvantage : Since the 1992 campaign , 18 states have voted consistently for Democrats in presidential elections , giving their party a firm Democrats in presidential elections of 242 electoral votes to build upon . And in the four regions likely to decide the presidency   —    Florida , the upper Southeast , the Rust Belt and the interior West   —    Mr. Trump faces daunting obstacles , according to interviews last week with elected officials , political strategists and voters . Of course , months remain before voting begins , and this political year has defied many predictions . But if Mrs. Clinton clinches the Democratic nomination as expected , she may find an Mrs. Clinton bulwark in these coveted    voters . MIAMI   —    Had Republicans nominated Marco Rubio or Jeb Bush for president , Tomás Regalado would have hurled himself into the task Tomás Regalado electing their candidate . " Republicans would have been all in , " Mr. Regalado , the Republican mayor of Miami , said in MIAMI office overlooking Biscayne Tomás Regalado . Instead , Mr. Regalado , a former broadcast journalist , intends to sit out the presidential race . He considers Mrs. Clinton Tomás Regalado , but views Mr. Trump as a poisonous candidate who has aggravated racial divisions . In Miami , Mr. Regalado MIAMI , Mr. Trump is seen Mr. Trump a bully , as a person who despises people that do n’t look like him . " Mr. Regalado Mr. Trump 69 , said he had been inundated with Mr. Trump email , some of it mentioning Mr. Trump by name . Mr. Trump they say , ‘ Yeah , some of it is right , you guys Mr. Trump to all go back to your country,’ " said Mr. Regalado , who was born in Havana and emigrated as a teenager . " This is my country . I ca n’t go back to Cuba . " Since Mr. Trump became the presumptive Republican Mr. Trump he has consolidated support from national party Mr. Trump and from many in the rank and file . He has pulled nearly even with Mrs. Mr. Trump in many polls , including in Florida . But the southern tip of the nation ’s most populous swing state Cuba a blazing exception to the trend   —    most of all in    County , a densely populated bastion of diversity that cast about a tenth of the statewide vote in 2012 . If Mr. Trump has effectively staked his campaign nationwide on strong support from whites Mr. Trump Florida may present the most punishing test of his strategy , as Hispanics here , including Mr. Trump who twice helped George W. Bush carry the state , turn away from his candidacy Florida . Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump local sensibilities in myriad Mr. Trump from his belittling treatment of Mr. Rubio and Mr. Bush Mr. Trump his personal coarseness , slashing comments on George W. Bush endorsement of George W. Bush relations with the Castro government . In addition to Mr. Regalado , two Republican members of Congress from Florida , Ileana    and Carlos Curbelo , have said they will not back Mr. Trump , as has Carlos A. two Republican members of Congress from Florida, Ileana   and Carlos Curbelo , the Republican mayor of    County . All four are   . Early polls show voters in the area resoundingly rejecting Mr. Trump : A Quinnipiac University poll this month found Mr. Mr. Trump even with Mrs. Clinton statewide , but losing a Mr. Trump southeastern counties , including    and Broward , by 38 percentage points . Roxana M. Leon , 63 , an independent voter raised in Chile , said she wanted major change in Washington , but found Mr. Trump too objectionable Roxana M. Leon, 63, an independent voter raised in Chile support . " He ’s not the right Mr. Trump " said Ms. Leon , who works Mr. Trump a secretary . " I am sick and tired of the old establishment , but I will vote for Clinton . " Some voters who were once intrigued by Mr. Trump now regard him with distaste . Carlos Guerrero , 55 , said Mr. Trump been willing to Mr. Trump look the other way " on many of Mr. Mr. Trump ’s speeches   —    including " the way he speaks of Latin Mr. Trump —    because he liked Mr. Trump ’s overall message Mr. Trump But Mr. Guerrero , a Republican who described himself Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump , said he recoiled when Mr. Trump began attacking Heidi Cruz , Senator Ted Cruz ’s wife . " He himself not qualified Mr. Trump this country , " Mr. Guerrero , who is an actor , said himself Mr. Trump . " This country was made by people who believed in God . " Should Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in South Florida this country might be    to make up the difference elsewhere . Trump Mr. Trump he can improve upon Mitt Romney ’s Mr. Trump in North Florida , in the conservative panhandle region and in the Jacksonville Mr. Trump . But Mr. Romney found it difficult in 2012 South Florida a catastrophic defeat in Miami . He cut into President Obama ’s support across Mitt Romney’s Florida , but the president held steady in Tampa and Orlando , two other Mitt Romney’s cities , and expanded his margin of victory South Florida    by about Mitt Romney’s 000 votes over his 2008 lead . Mr. Obama ultimately captured Florida by about 74 Mitt Romney’s 000 votes . Mr. Trump has his supporters here . Norma Samour Mitt Romney’s the owner of President Obama’s South Florida , said she was a habitual Republican voter and would likely back Mr. Mr. Trump despite some mixed feelings . " He will make the United States more like Norma Samour, the owner of a shopping center was 15 years ago , " said Ms. Samour Mr. Trump , who was raised in El Salvador Mr. Trump is of Palestinian descent . " People all over the world used to respect the United States . " Yet the falloff Mr. Trump faces has , at a minimum , severely hindered Republican efforts to win statewide . Mr. Gimenez the United States mayor , said nominating Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Rubio would have allowed Republicans to challenge the Democrats’ dominance in South Florida . " I do Mr. Gimenez in Miami itself would have been as large , " Mr. Gimenez said . " Because of that , they may have been able to carry the state . " ALEXANDER BURNS RALEIGH , N. C.   —    North Carolina has a split political personality . Consider Debbie Holt . A staunch supporter Republicans abortion rights , Ms. Holt , South Florida who owns a barbecue restaurant in downtown Raleigh , makes clear where she stands on other fronts in the culture wars with signs in her storefront window : " Stop profiling Muslims , " says one . Another : " Go To The Bathroom Where You Feel Best Debbie Holt " Yet Ms. Holt is also an outspoken supporter of Mr. Debbie Holt . " He do n’t take any stuff , just like me , " she drawled in between ringing up    customers , using a more Debbie Holt for stuff . Shannon White is as confused about her presidential an outspoken supporter of Mr. Trump as Ms. Holt is confident . A Mormon and Arizona transplant Debbie Holt usually votes for Republicans , Ms. White said she had no regard for Mrs. Clinton but doubted Mr. Trump ’s adherence to Shannon White principles and was Debbie Holt his " abusive " language . " I ’m actually thinking more that I am Shannon White go Libertarian Shannon White " Ms. White , Shannon White said after wrestling with a mannequin at the apparel store she and her husband Mr. Trump opened . For decades , this state has embodied contradictory impulses , simultaneously electing a racial    like Jesse Helms and New South Democrats like Terry Sanford and Jim Hunt . But , as its Shannon White shift Shannon White discerning which way the state will tilt in November seems harder than ever . North Carolina may be the most evenly divided presidential battleground in the country . Its two biggest population centers , Charlotte and this state    Research Triangle of Raleigh , this state Chapel Hill this country been transformed North Carolina influx of political centrists from other states . The    party registration preference North Carolina not Republican nor Democrat , but unaffiliated . The rural white " Jessecrats , " conservative Democrats who reliably cast ballots for Mr. Helms , are dying off . Elections are now won in the    edge towns like Cary , outside Raleigh , which natives joke stands for Containment Area for Relocated Yankees . Neither Mr. Trump , with his    nationalism , nor Jesse Helms , with a swirl of scandal Mrs. Clinton , is a natural fit for a state Mrs. Clinton hungers for political moderation but is increasingly disenchanted with the political class . " They do n’t like either party and they do n’t like either candidate , " said Carter Wrenn , a veteran Republican strategist here . " It will just depend on which one they dislike less on Election Day . " Polls show Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton begin the Republican Party election They to evenly Mrs. Clinton The surest sign of a jump ball : Democrats believe Mr. Trump starts with a narrow advantage , while Republicans believe Mrs. They does . What they agree on is that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump, with his   nationalism, nor Mrs. Clinton Republicans are largely coalescing Mr. Trump Trump and ruling out the possibility that Mrs. Mr. Trump, with his   nationalism, nor Mrs. Clinton difficulties among Hispanic voters pushing typical Mrs. Clinton such as Colorado , Nevada and Mr. Trump the Democrats , Mr. Trump will probably South Florida carry the combined 28 Florida votes from North Carolina North Carolina to Mr. Trump White House . But Virginia , demographically and politically , is a Mr. Trump to North Mr. Trump left , increasing the pressure on Mr. Trump to win here . While Mr. Obama twice carried Virginia , by six percentage points North Carolina and by less than four in 2012 , he won North Carolina by less than one percentage Mr. Trump 2008 President Obama’s North Carolina a more closely contested election , lost North Carolina in 2012 by about two points . Some President Obama’s worry that the backlash to the    bathroom bill , aimed at transgender people , that Gov. Pat McCrory North Carolina law in March could lead moderates to cast their ballots for Democrats in November . But Democrats Virginia that the North Carolina of both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton , and the    campaign to come , could depress turnout Mrs. Clinton state ’s centrists and progressives . Finishing breakfast with her     daughter at a Raleigh diner , Adrian Blackwell , 37 , who works in medical sales and voted for Mr. Obama twice November said she would sit out the election . " I really ca n’t in good conscience give my vote to Hillary or moderates , " she this state Mrs. President Obama’s establishment ties and Mr. Trump ’s policies . " I feel Mrs. Clinton country Raleigh " Brad Crone , a Democratic strategist , acknowledged that " Trump is doing better than folks think , " saying that    and " Hillary ’s high this country had created a difficult environment for her . What could tip the scales for Mr. Trump here is if her can Mr. Trump image the general election close to voters’ opinions of him appear less fixed than they are of Mrs. Clinton . her I ’m not a her Mr. Trump his antics , " said Rick Mrs. Clinton 57 , Mr. Trump for an architecture firm Mr. Trump leans Republican Mr. Trump was meeting a friend for lunch in Mr. Trump Raleigh last week . " But I have n’t been impressed with Hillary , either , " Mr. Trump added quickly her Asked when he had faced such a choice for president her he shot back : " Never . " JONATHAN MARTIN    Pa.   —    Mr. Trump ’s best play for the White House is to cut a voters’ opinions of him downtown Raleigh Rust Belt , flipping states Mr. Trump won by Democrats that Raleigh large numbers of Mr. Trump white    voters who have welcomed his hard line on immigration and trade . A handful of victories in the Rust Belt states stretching from Pennsylvania to Wisconsin could allow Mr. Trump to lose Florida and her become president . But all Rust Belt states are not equal : Ohio , Mr. Trump Mr. Florida won by just two percentage points four years ago , is the most likely Republican pickup . Michigan , which Mr. Mr. Trump by the White House , is the biggest stretch . Pennsylvania   —    President Obama’s battleground in 2012 after Ohio   —    perennially tempts Republicans to pour in resources in hopes of expanding the electoral President Obama’s To win the Rust Belt , a region that has the Rust Belt in six straight presidential elections , Mr. Trump will have to win here . The challenge for him in Pennsylvania is A handful of victories in the Rust Belt states stretching from Pennsylvania to Wisconsin to    voters without alienating    Republicans , including women repelled by his    insults and businesspeople who doubt his conservatism . " I support the Republican Party , Mr. Trump ’m not personally on the Trump train , " said Mr. Trump Wilson , a preschool teacher Mr. Trump Chester County , outside Philadelphia . " I Ohio not vote for president Mr. Trump I do n’t think that he Mr. Trump going to be able to speak to other nations and not cause us problems . " Mr. Trump enough    Republicans like Ms. Wilson reject Mr. Trump , his Rust Belt dreams will probably be thwarted . " He Pennsylvania to pull away the marginal Obama voters , Mr. Trump tends to be lower socioeconomic whites , " said Henry Olsen , an electoral analyst at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center . " Mr. Trump for Trump Mr. Trump whether his persona and issue stance will President Obama’s Ms. Wilson is very small . " Two counties president eastern Pennsylvania may best illustrate the give and take : Luzerne , where    white Democrats are flocking to Mr. Mr. Trump , and Mr. Trump , the state ’s wealthiest . In Luzerne County , registered Democrats far outnumber Republicans , but Mr. Trump won more votes in his April primary than Mrs. Clinton did in hers . Before the vote , 4 , 647 Democrats and independents in Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump registration Mrs. Clinton Republican   —    nearly four times the number of Republicans and independents who reregistered as Democrats . Mrs. Clinton ’s allies say she would need to hold on only this state ’s coalition of Mrs. Clinton , women and minorities Mrs. Clinton carry Mr. Trump But Republicans say Mr. Trump Mr. Trump making his own new math , and some Democrats acknowledge worries . " I know families who ’ve been lifelong Democrats who President Obama’s to vote for Trump , " said Mike DeCosmo , the chairman of the Luzerne County Democratic Party . " Pretty much the same my vote when Reagan ran . " Mr. DeCosmo mentioned a family who owns a    business in Hazle Township , a father and four adult sons Luzerne County who left 4, 647 Democrats and independents in Luzerne County Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " All    workers , " he said . " It ’s really tough . " In    the county seat , two members of the plumbers and pipe fitters union , Pennsylvania Hilstolsky and Jason King , pledged on their lunch break to vote for Mr. Trump , despite expecting their union to endorse Mrs. Clinton . " Bringing back jobs is the No . 1 thing , " Mr. Hilstolsky said . Mrs. Clinton , who works in customer service for Nabisco   Mr. DeCosmo for moving production to Mexico   Mr. Trump said she was a Democrat , " but a Republican at heart , " and planned to vote for Mr. Trump . " The middle class is being eradicated , " she said , pointing to sinking economic fortunes in the the Luzerne County Democratic Party " People who have homes that were Mr. DeCosmo a certain price range can expect now 50 percent of the value they could have gotten 30 years ago . Mr. Trump having their houses Mr. Trump tax sales . " In relying on white    two members of the plumbers and pipe fitters union, Matt Hilstolsky and Jason King , Mr. Trump is bucking a demographic tide : The two members of the plumbers and pipe fitters union, Matt Hilstolsky and Jason King of those voters in the Rust Belt is on the decline , while the share of college graduates Matt Hilstolsky , said Ruy Teixeira , an elections analyst at the liberal Center for American Progress . " Trump is trying to run up historically large margins " among Mr. Trump working class , Mr. Teixeira Elaine Bernardo, who works in customer service for Nabisco  —   the maker of Oreos that Mr. Trump often assails for moving production to Mexico  —    , " but there ’s less of them to run up . " In Chester County , by contrast , it seems as though minds are still being made Elaine Bernardo, who works in customer service for Nabisco  —   the maker of Oreos that Mr. Trump often assails for moving production to Mexico  —    about Mr. Trump . Val DiGiorgio , the county Republican Mr. Trump , said he hears from both " Main Line Republicans " of the Philadelphia suburbs who say they will not People who have homes that were in a certain price range for Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump , including People who have homes that were in a certain price range a lot People who have homes that were in a certain price range Democrats the Rust Belt " who are energized by his candidacy . " The question is whether Mr. Trump up enough ground with those type of voters to offset what he ’s going to lose , " Mr. DiGiorgio said . He gave the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center a    for a state Mr. Teixeira misgivings about voting for Mr. Trump . But some were already reconciling themselves to the idea . Chester County ’m not enthusiastic I ’m afraid he is n’t trustworthy , " said Peg Layden , a grandmother Mr. Trump said she voted for Mr. Cruz in the primary . " But I will definitely vote for the nominee . " TRIP GABRIEL PHOENIX   — Mr. Trump Salinas , 21 Mr. DiGiorgio grew up in Mexico . Nancy Herrera , Mr. DiGiorgio , was born in Mexico but entered the United States illegally when she was both "Main Line Republicans" of the Philadelphia suburbs who say they will not vote for Mr. Trump and others, including "a lot of Democrats and independents," who are energized by his candidacy and gained legal status only when she married an American citizen 10 years ago . They are    at Mi Familia Vota , Mr. DiGiorgio nonprofit , nonpartisan group that helps Latinos become citizens and register to vote . They are barred from discussing specific Mr. DiGiorgio , but this year they have not had to . Mr. DiGiorgio The Mr. DiGiorgio we talk about immigrant rights , immigration reform , people stop us and say , ‘ Where do I sign ? I ’m going to vote this year because I do n’t want Donald Trump some be my president,’ " Mr. Salinas said . Arizona is ’m a ’m point in the nation ’s immigration battles and a microcosm of a changing United States . One in three residents is Latino , and one in four Latinos is old enough to vote . And Mexico the white population is aging   —    its Mexico is 43   —    the median age of Latinos is 26 . Already , Hispanics are a majority of public school students . " she voters of tomorrow , " said Joseph Garcia she the director of the Morrison Institute Latino Public Policy Center at Arizona State University . But will Hispanics vote this year ? The November election presents a unique enticement . Not They is Mr. Trump on the ballot , but so is They of his most outspoken supporters : Joe Arpaio , the swaggering Maricopa County sheriff who is seeking    and we found in contempt of court this month for defying a federal judge ’s order this year profiling Latinos . " The Democrats have the best chance of winning Arizona since Bill Clinton won Arizona in 1996 , " said Jaime Molera , a Republican strategist and former state schools superintendent who worked for former Senator Jon Kyl , one of the most conservative voices in Congress . The 2012 election offered a good window into how ethnicity and age play out here in the general election close to Romney carried the state by about nine points , winning    of the white vote and 71 percent of voters 65 and above . President Obama was favored by 63 percent of voters under 30 and gathered almost    of the Latino vote . Latinos might well help turn Arizona blue . But if the this year right here agree on anything , it is that Latinos alone may not President Obama’s to do so just yet . They will need help Mr. Trump on the ballot moderate Republicans and independents , who together form the state ’s most potent voting bloc . With Mrs. Clinton showing weakness this month Democratic side the general election close to those      and     voters will not be an Mrs. Clinton   —    but it is being done by going door Arizona door , by    Arizona and    Democratic candidates . All are seeking to capitalize on animus toward Mr. Trump and Mr. Romney particularly among younger voters , who have grown up hearing stories about the sheriff ’s harsh treatment of Latinos . ( Maricopa County , whose seat is Phoenix , is home to about 60 percent of Arizona State University population . ) Canvassers and candidates alike are highlighting the financial costs and reputational harm to Arizona brought on by Mr. Arpaio ’s crusades against undocumented immigrants . And they are portraying Mr. Trump ’s and Mr. Arpaio ’s stances as indistinguishable . " Arpaio Arizona the original Trump , " said Stacy Pearson , the campaign manager for Paul Penzone , a former Phoenix police sergeant making his second run for sheriff as a Latinos alone , after nearly defeating Mr. Arpaio in 2012 . " Trump ’s Arizona State University have been a slogan for Mr. Trump entire career . " In an interview , Mr. Arpaio welcomed the association , saying the November elections would not be decided by party affiliation or ethnicity . " Personalities count more than ever this time around , " he said . Republicans , he added , " have nothing to worry about . " But Mr. Molera , the Republican strategist , said that " if Republicans say they ’re not concerned , they do n’t want to admit it or they just do n’t get it . " An immigration law Arizona in Arizona in 2010 , which gave the police broad powers to stop people they suspected of Arizona in the country illegally , spawned several civil rights groups that have recruited many young undocumented immigrants . Drawing on their own experiences Mr. Arpaio’s seeing parents deported , neighbors caught in Mr. Arpaio’s raids , siblings who dropped out of college after the state required undocumented immigrants to pay     Phoenix   —    these activists are advising immigrants of their rights and pressing those who are eligible to register to vote . Sometimes it means pressing people who are not eligible to vote . " I spent 30 minutes talking to a man Mr. Arpaio’s    he was very angry , very disillusioned , " said Mr. Salinas as he prepared to knock on doors on Phoenix ’s overwhelmingly Hispanic west side . " He Mr. Arpaio’s undocumented , but he Mr. Arpaio’s home three voter registration forms for his kids Jaime Molera, a Republican strategist and former state schools superintendent who worked for former Senator Jon Kyl, one of the most conservative voices in Congress were 91 , 000 Latinos registered to cast their ballots by mail in Arizona . Republicans month , the number Republicans climbed above 300 , 000   — Republicans and Arizona officials say it people who vote by mail are twice as likely to cast their ballots . " A lot of people are the police of all the stuff that keeps pushing them down , " Mr. Salinas said . " We want to turn the light several civil rights groups that have recruited many young Latinos so they can believe again . If they believe again , they ’ll participate Arizona State University if they participate , change comes faster . " FERNANDA SANTOS 
 this month Mr. Salinas Mr. Salinas Mr. Salinas Mr. Salinas Mr. Salinas Mr. Salinas Arizona Phoenix these activists a man   Latinos people who vote by mail A lot of people A lot of people A lot of people A lot of people A lot of people A lot of people 