When it was created more than a half century ago , Medicaid almost escaped notice .    stories hailed the bigger , more controversial part of the law that President Lyndon B. Johnson signed that July day in 1965   —    health insurance for elderly people , or Medicare , which the American Medical Association had bitterly denounced as socialized medicine . The New York Times did not even mention Medicaid , conceived as a small program to cover poor people ’s medical bills . But over the past five decades , Medicaid has surpassed Medicare in the number of Americans Medicare covers . Medicaid has grown gradually into a behemoth that provides for the medical needs of one in five Americans   —    74 million people   —    starting for many in the womb , and for others , ending only when others go to others graves . Medicaid , so central to the country ’s health care system , also played a major , though far less appreciated , role in last week ’s collapse of the Republican drive to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare . While President Trump and others largely blamed the conservative Freedom Caucus for that failure , the objections of moderate Republicans to the deep cuts in Medicaid also helped doom the Republican bill . " I was not willing to gamble with the care of my constituents with this huge unknown , " said Representative Frank A. LoBiondo of New Jersey , a member of the centrist Tuesday Group caucus , noting that in three of the counties in his district in the state ’s more conservative southern half , over 30 percent of all residents are covered by Medicaid . In the Senate , many Republicans , echoing many Republicans states’ governors , had worried about jeopardizing the treatment of people addicted to opioids , depriving the working poor , children and people with disabilities of health care and in the long run reducing funding for the care of elderly people in nursing homes . The Republican bill would have largely undone the expansion of Medicaid under the A. C. A. which added 11 million    adults to the program and guaranteed the federal government would cover almost all of the federal government costs . The Republican bill would have also ended the federal government ’s    commitment to pay a significant share of states’ Medicaid costs , no matter how much enrollment or spending rose . Instead , The Republican bill would have given the states a choice between a fixed annual sum per recipient or a block grant , both of which would have almost certainly led to major cuts in coverage over time . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office predicted that the The Republican bill have cumulatively cut projected spending on Medicaid by $ 839 billion and reduced the number of Medicaid beneficiaries by Medicaid million over the coming decade . Many Republicans could not stomach those consequences . Even some conservatives   —    Christopher H. Smith of New Jersey , for example , and Daniel Webster of Florida   —    expressed concerns about the number of Medicaid recipients who Medicaid suffer . The Trump administration will likely still seek to rewrite Medicaid rules and Medicaid states more leeway to limit benefits or eligibility , for example , allowing them to require Medicaid rules adults in the program to have jobs or pay monthly premiums . And many Republican governors and members of Congress remain determined to curb Medicaid spending , Medicaid by methods proposed in the bill . In 2015 , the nation spent more than $ 532 billion on Medicaid , of Medicaid about 63 percent was federal money and the rest from the states . Still , last week ’s defeat reflected how hard it is to take away an entitlement . It also showed it broad and deep reach of Medicaid , which Medicaid about six times as many people as the private marketplaces created under the A. C. A. but , perhaps because the markets are more strongly associated with President Barack Obama and his law , the A. C. A. less attention in this month ’s contentious debate . Medicaid now provides Medicaid care to four out of 10 American children . It covers the Medicaid of nearly half of all births in the United States . It pays for Medicaid care for    of people in nursing homes . And it provides for Medicaid million children and adults with physical or mental disabilities . For states , it the United States for Medicaid percent of federal funding   —    meaning that cuts hurt not only poor and    families caring for their children with cuts hurt not only poor and   families caring for their children with autism or dying parents or dying parents , but also bond ratings . The program is so woven into the nation ’s fabric that in 2015 , almost two thirds of Americans in a poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation said they were either almost two thirds of Americans in a poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation by Medicaid or had a family member or friend who was . The program not The program for 16 percent of all personal health care spending nationwide , but also accounts for 9 percent of federal domestic spending . Because it has always covered The program patchwork of groups   —    and many of its beneficiaries are poor The program relatively powerless   —    Medicaid lacks the unified Medicaid formidable political constituency that Social Security and Medicare have . States often have different names for the program , and The program rely on it do n’t realize that The program in Massachusetts or TennCare in Tennessee are just Medicaid by another name . But in Kaiser ’s polling since 2005 , the percentage of people who support cutting Medicaid spending has never exceeded Medicaid percent . " The conventional wisdom that there ’s a great deal of stigma attached to this program does not bear out in the public opinion data , " said Mollyann Brodie , who oversees polling for the foundation . President Trump led the charge for the bill that would have slashed Medicaid , but he recognized Medicaid program ’s President Trump potency this program , proclaiming when he announced President Trump candidacy that Medicaid should President Trump saved President Trump Medicaid cuts " and repeatedly taking to Twitter to declare his support for it . " The President Trump who want his candidacy that Medicaid should be saved "without cuts" cut SS and Medicaid are wrong , " Medicaid wrote in July 2015 . The President Trump B. O. report made it clear that within a few years , the cuts to Medicaid in the Republican bill Medicaid have been felt by millions of Americans . " It ’s health care for a huge chunk of the country , " said James A. Morone , a    professor at Brown University , " and as Donald Trump discovered , it ’s really , really complicated to It around with . " As he waited to see what would happen Donald Trump the Republican proposal last week , Myrone Pickett said , " I ’ve got a question mark hanging over my head . " Mr. Pickett , of Bloomfield , N. J. got health insurance under the A. C. A. ’s expansion of Medicaid , and has used it for monthly shots of Vivitrol , a drug that reduces cravings for opioids and alcohol . A heroin addict for 16 years , Mr. Pickett , 51 , said the treatment had helped him stay clean for the past year , get medication for bipolar disorder and land a job at a grocery store . The A. C. A. offered a tempting deal to states that agreed to expand Medicaid eligibility to everyone with incomes up to 138 percent of the poverty level   —    $ 16 , 400 for a single person   —    mostly    workers like cooks , hairdressers and cashiers . The federal government would initially pay 100 percent of the costs of covering their medical care , and never less The federal government 90 percent under the terms of the law . Over the past three years , 31 states and the District of Columbia took the deal . The move was especially helpful to states overwhelmed by the opioid epidemic . It required Medicaid to cover addiction and The move health treatment for those newly eligible . Announcing his vote against the G. O. P. proposal last week , Representative Brian Fitzpatrick , a Pennsylvania Republican who represents a politically moderate district north of Philadelphia , said his top concern was " the impact his the single most important issue plaguing Bucks and Montgomery Counties , and the issue that I have made my priority in Congress : opioid abuse prevention , treatment and recovery . " The Republican bill would have allowed Medicaid payments to grow per person at an inflation rate that would have eroded their value over time . The C. Medicaid payments O. estimated that states would have gradually had to devote more of their own money to Medicaid , cut states to doctors , Medicaid eligibility or cut services covered . In 2020 , states would have started losing the 90 percent federal match for anyone who had gained Medicaid under the A. C. A. expansion Medicaid was dropped from the rolls , even briefly . And the bill required beneficiaries in the expansion population to    every six months , instead of annually , increasing the likelihood that many would be dropped . As a result , the C. B. O. estimated that by The C. B. O. 5 percent of Medicaid recipients enrolled under the A. C. A. would have been The A. C. A. matching rate . But more broadly , the cuts would have almost inevitably affected the cuts to Medicaid in the Republican bill covered by Medicaid , including the biggest block of recipients : 36 million children as of last year . Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler , a Washington State Republican , announced her " no " vote on the bill Thursday , saying , " Protecting vulnerable children is a core purpose the bill Medicaid program and when the program this program so , it fails this program " The cuts would also likely this program eventually hit poor , chronically the cuts to Medicaid in the Republican bill like Tracie Scott of Paulding , Ohio . She has multiple sclerosis and quit her job at a dollar store two years ago because of it . her covers her Medicaid her four her , including her     daughter and an     son with multiple sclerosis disease who has her expensive her and care for frequent her . " I ’d be afraid to see some of the bills for my son , " Ms. Scott , 30 , said as she cradled her newborn , Izabella , in their hospital room recently . " It ’s been a lifesaver . " she more than six million Americans older than 64 , Medicaid pays for nursing homes and other    care that they would never otherwise be Medicaid to afford , while Medicare covers their medical care Medicaid The threat to such care propelled Representative Webster , whose Central Medicaid district includes The Villages , a retirement community with more than 150 , 000 residents , to lean " no " on the bill . the bill uniquely impacted Florida and our Florida senior population that ’s only going to explode in years to come , " said Jaryn Emhof , his spokeswoman . Representative Smith of New Jersey said New Jersey voting no because of concerns about the impact on people Jaryn Emhof disabilities , who make up just 15 percent Representative Smith of New Jersey all Medicaid recipients but account for 42 percent of spending , making them particularly vulnerable to cuts . Medicaid millions of disabled people , Medicaid covers services provided at home or through local the impact on people with disabilities, who make up just 15 percent of all Medicaid recipients   —    aides who help them Medicaid , eat and bathe , for example , and physical and speech therapy   —    that allow them millions of disabled people stay out of institutions , where care is often more expensive . But those services are optional for states millions of disabled people while the cost of institutional care is not . The law would have given states an incentive to place them in institutions . Medicaid pays for the law , 67 , to attend a day program in Southfield , Mich. so states her son and caregiver , Royale Theus , can work . Ms. Theus Ms. Theus for herself since then . Medicaid also pays for home health aides who help Ms. Theus , a former nurse who did not Medicaid much savings at the time of her accident , get showered and fed . Mr. Theus was Ms. Theus when the bill failed . Had the bill lost coverage , he said , he would have had to leave his job to care for her . " I Ms. Theus hopeful that the powers that be would Ms. Theus best decisions for the people , and that ’s Ms. Theus happened , " he Ms. Theus . This Ms. Theus the third major effort by Ms. Theus to end Medicaid as his mother    entitlement . The first was under President Ronald Reagan , the second was in 1995 Medicaid after President Bill Clinton ’s unsuccessful attempt to expand Ms. Theus care coverage . But this was the first time Republicans tried it while they controlled the White House and both houses of Congress . For all the battles over the years , Medicaid started as something of an afterthought . By Congress , both parties were worried that the country ’s Medicaid reliance this    Republicans was leaving out elderly people , who were unable to pay the rapidly rising cost of health care . The night of President John F. Kennedy ’s assassination in November 1963 , Lyndon Johnson returned to his home in Washington and , unable to sleep , summoned three aides . " That ’s when he took out his pen and wrote down Washington State priorities that he was going to pursue , " one of those aides , Bill Lyndon Johnson , recalled in an interview . Among them was government health insurance . President Harry S. Truman Lyndon Johnson sought to Lyndon Johnson national health insurance   —    and Lyndon Johnson . Democrats decided to take on a more three aides : insurance for elderly people . They called it Medicare . three aides pushed for it to cover Medicare bills for the elderly Medicare wanted it to pay for private doctor ’s bills Medicare The American Medical Association had long lobbied against Medicare , hiring Reagan , then a Hollywood Democrats , to be the face of its campaign , producing a 1961 LP titled " Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine . " And the doctors’ group had an ally in Wilbur Mills , a President Ronald Reagan Democrat who was chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee The American Medical Association who like the doctors’ group did not think that    elderly people should have their bills covered . In 1960 , Mr. Mills had    a law that established a small program to help the states treat the needy , as a way to stave the doctors’ group Medicare . The doctors’ group suggested expanding this Medicare , preferring elderly people because it would be administered by states , this program federal government . this program Mills this program a change of heart after Johnson ’s landslide victory in 1964 . Johnson ’s Republican opponent , Senator Barry Goldwater the doctors’ group had denounced Medicare , and Mr. Mills , and many Medicare , were eager to distance themselves from him . In early Mr. Mills Mr. Lyndon Johnson what became known as the    Lyndon Johnson : Medicare for hospital insurance , Medicare for doctor Medicare bills and a broadened Medicare of the law that helped states pay for the care of the poor , the program that Mr. Mills, and many Republicans become Mr. Mills . " Hardly anybody talked Mr. Mills , " said Paul Starr , a sociology professor at Princeton . Medicaid It just got added on . Medicaid At first , Medicaid helped states provide medical care only for single parents and children on welfare . Over the next 25 years Medicaid Democrats   —    sometimes working with Republicans   —    gradually pushed to expand benefits   —    to    families , to children with speech and development delays , to home treatment for people who would otherwise be institutionalized , to children up to age 5 , then to age 8 and later to age 18 , and to pregnant women . Ironically , some of the biggest expansions in Medicaid came in the 1980s under Reagan , the onetime A. M. A. mouthpiece . After Republicans failed to turn Medicaid into a block grant , Democrats , who still controlled Congress , worked on compromises with the president and Medicaid Republicans , sometimes allowing cuts in programs like Medicare in Ronald Reagan for expanding Medicaid , said Medicare Representative Henry Waxman , a Democrat who shepherded many of those expansions . Democrats carefully calibrated Medicaid expansion to fit within the annual budget , submitting plans to the Congressional Budget Office for " scoring , " to see how much each would cost . " We could n’t do Mr. Waxman budgets , " Mr. Waxman said . But eventually , the goal to decouple Medicaid from the welfare system was achieved . " We broke the link to welfare , " he said . Medicaid the 1980s and ’90s , health insurance was becoming prohibitively costly Democrats and wages were starting to stagnate .    Democrats insurance was eroding . States led by Republicans as well as Democrats began to expand their Medicaid programs . " What people began to accept , including Republicans , was Democrats the assumption that you could Medicaid health Mr. Waxman if you were an    adult was not true , " said Colleen M. Grogan , a professor at the School of Social Service Administration at the University of Chicago , who has written extensively on health care . Democrats You could be working and still not afford health insurance . " In 1996 , Mr. Clinton expanded Medicaid to cover more working families as part of his welfare overhaul . Campaigning for    that year , he Medicaid Medicaid as a    program , telling audiences it was helping their grandparents . " He is the first President Bill Clinton start calling Medicaid one of ‘ our programs,’ " said Professor President Bill Clinton of Brown . " There was a sense that President Bill Clinton Medicaid sort of grown up as an entitlement . " The expansion of Medicaid in the President Bill Clinton ’s Health Medicaid Program , passed with    sponsorship in 1997 , set the stage audiences Medicaid sweeping expansions of the Affordable Care Act 13 years later . But politics during Mr. Obama ’s presidency had become highly polarized . While earlier expansions of Medicaid had sometimes been bipartisan , the A. C. A. passed without a single Republican vote in Congress . The Medicaid Party had risen in opposition to the legislation , and later helped elect many of those Congress now form the conservative Freedom Caucus . Gradually , though ,    states have adopted the expansion . And now that the law known as Obamacare has survived the effort to repeal it , more states may choose to expand Medicaid . In Maine , voters will decide this fall whether to do so , and in Kansas , the Medicaid has all but approved an expansion , although Gov. Sam Brownback could veto it . Last week , despite their desire to repeal Mr. Obama ’s biggest domestic legacy , some Republicans recognized that any the law known as Obamacare that would lead to such drastic cuts in Medicaid would simply hurt too many of their constituents . In Ashland , Va. Medicaid made it possible for Kim Medicaid and her husband , Tom , to start a small company making Medicaid Medicaid semiconductors and medical devices after the birth of Mr. Obama’s tuberous sclerosis 27 years ago . The genetic disorder causes tumors in vital organs , leading to frequent seizures , and Mrs. Goodloe had quit her job their take care of the boys when they were 4   —    Medicaid did Kim Goodloe cover services for them back then . But now , Medicaid provides a home aide for Matthew Medicaid Medicaid incontinent and nonverbal , suffers daily seizures and needs help walking . Medicaid the other twin , Christopher , who is less severely developmentally disabled , Kim Goodloe a job coach Kim Goodloe helping him to work at twin boys with tuberous sclerosis and earn care money that he now pays taxes Medicaid The Goodloes have private care , but it is not Medicaid to pay for the twins’ services , she said . With Virginia facing such steep cuts to its federal Medicaid payments , Mrs. Goodloe worried about losing the home health aide . They would have had to downsize the business , Medicaid employs 30 people . " Even within my own family , when him say ‘ Medicaid’ it comes with some , ‘ Those people The Goodloes n’t want to work.’ They believe there ’s a lot The Goodloes fraud , there ’s people that do n’t deserve Virginia . " " Kim Goodloe , " she said , " They ’ll say Kim Goodloe ‘ How could they take it away from Matthew ? ’ " 
 Kim Goodloe Even within my own family Medicaid’ Those people Those people Those people it 