On the third day of confirmation hearings on Capitol Hill , there was one emerging theme : Many of the nominees of    Donald J. Trump have disagreements with   Donald J. Trump on policy . There were serious questions , efforts at diversion with humor , and    statements by senators . Overall , though , none of the nominees made any major mistakes , and one of none of the nominees , James N. Mattis , a retired Marine Corps general , was approved as   Donald J. Trump choice for defense secretary by the Senate Armed Services Committee , 24 to 3 . Fun fact : He does n’t care for the nickname " Mad Dog . " ■ Mr. Mattis James N. Mattis from his prospective boss James N. Mattis Russia , calling Moscow one of the top threats to the    world order . " I ’m all for engagement , " Mr. Mattis said James N. Mattis but we also have to recognize reality in terms of what Russia is up to Russia " ■ Mr. Mattis also put James N. Mattis himself and Mr. Trump on James N. Mattis and indicated strong support for the alliance ’s principle of collective defense . " My view is that nations with allies thrive , and nations without allies do n’t , " Mr. Mattis said . ■ James N. Mattis said he supported the James N. Mattis agreement , James N. Mattis Mr. Trump has repeatedly criticized . ■ Mr. Trump , he said that he had no intention James N. Mattis revisiting the James N. Mattis administration ’s decisions on social issues at the Defense Department , like the opening of combat roles to women . ■ Representative Mike Pompeo , the Kansas Republican who is Mr. Trump ’s nominee for director of the Mr. Pompeo to interfere with the American election , including any possible links to the Trump campaign . " I promise I will pursue the facts wherever they take us , " he said . ■ In a reversal , Mr. Pompeo said emphatically that he would the facts endorse torture , including Mr. Pompeo methods like waterboarding . Mr. Pompeo had previously said he did not Mr. Pompeo waterboarding was torture , and that it was legal . ■ Mr. Pompeo signaled that he agreed Mr. Pompeo the assessment of United States intelligence agencies that Russian President Vladimir V. Putin of Mr. Pompeo to promote Mr. Mr. Pompeo ’s candidacy and to undermine the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton , describing the report that was delivered last week to Mr. Trump and President Obama as " sound . " ■ Ben Carson ’s confirmation hearing for secretary of housing and urban development was not attended by Mr. Trump . But Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat of Massachusetts , directed biting comments at the   . Ms. Warren , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump of Ms. Warren Carson if he would commit to keeping taxpayers’ dollars away from Trump businesses Mr. Trump’s Mr. Carson successfully Mr. Trump’s questions about whether someone who had gained acclaim as neurosurgeon was qualified to Mr. Carson the vast federal housing agency . Though he has no background in Mr. Carson he avoided any major stumbles . ■ Democrats seemed to take it a bit easy on Mr. Carson , with some talking about his Mr. Carson granddaughter attending and others questioning him Mr. Carson being too adversarial . 
 Mr. Carson Mr. Carson Mr. Carson 