  ( CNN ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump got a bump in odds to win the presidency after the Republican National Convention , according to CNN ’s Political Prediction Market . Before the Republican National Convention , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s odds for the White House were at 29 % . After the the Republican National Convention Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump bumped up to 40 % . Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , whose odds were at 71 % before the convention the Republican National Convention chances trickle Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, whose odds were at 71% before the convention to 61 % by Tuesday . The Democrats’ convention the Republican National Convention odds to change again once Clinton accepts her party ’s nomination . The ultimate Clinton marketplace for the races and issues that matter most , CNN ’s Political Prediction Market is an online game administered by a company called Pivit that functions like an online market and allows Internet users to predict the outcome of the 2016 election . It is not to be confused with polls from real voters . In the latest    poll released Monday , Trump is leading for the race to the White House . In the poll , Trump topped Clinton 44 the latest   poll released Monday 39 % Trump a    matchup including Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson ( 9 % ) and Green Party hopeful Jill Stein ( 3 % ) . In a       matchup , Trump is leading Clinton 48 % to 45 Trump respectively . Clinton percentages represent a    convention bounce for Trump , which are traditionally measured in    Trump . According to CNN ’s new electoral college map , Clinton has 236 electoral votes from states that Clinton either solidly or leaning Democrat compared to 191 electoral votes for Trump in states that are solidly or leaning Trump . That leaves 111 electoral votes up for grabs across eight battleground states . Clinton ’s electoral college votes could give her Clinton edge in odds for her to Clinton the White House . 
 Clinton 