JERUSALEM   —    Emboldened by the Republican sweep of last week ’s American elections ,    members of the Israeli government have called anew for the abandonment of a    solution to the conflict with the Palestinians . " The combination of changes in the United States , in Europe and in the region provide Israel with a unique opportunity to reset and rethink everything , " Naftali Bennett , Israel education minister and the leader of the    Jewish Home party , told a gathering of the Foreign Press Association in Jerusalem on Monday . Mr. Naftali Bennett, Israel’s education minister and the leader of the   Jewish Home party exulted on the morning after Donald J. Trump ’s victory : " The era of a Palestinian state is over . " That sentiment was only amplified when Jason Greenblatt , a lawyer and    of the Trump campaign ’s Israel Advisory Committee , told Israel Israel Army Radio that Mr. Trump did not consider West Bank settlements to be an obstacle to peace , Donald J. Trump stark reversal of longstanding American policy . Members of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s Likud party and other rightist politicians jumped to make hay of the change . Yoav Kish , a Likud member of Parliament , called for the expansion of Israeli sovereignty into the West Bank Meir Turgeman , the chairman of Jerusalem ’s municipal planning committee , said he would now bring    plans for thousands of Jewish homes in the fiercely contested eastern part of the city up for approval . Aryeh Deri , the interior minister , who is    Jerusalem Trump ’s victory as a miracle , asserting it would lessen the influence of liberal ,    streams of Judaism popular in America . He Mr. Trump’s victory as a miracle , " We must truly be in Messianic times when everything will turn out favorably Aryeh Deri, the interior minister, who is    the people of Israel . " Mr. Netanyahu , whose previous three terms in office all coincided with Democratic administrations in the United States , has been more cautious . Adding to his troubles , Israel ’s Supreme America rejected a government request for a    delay Aryeh Deri, the interior minister, who is    the demolition of an Israel Bank outpost built on privately owned Palestinian land . The    demolition is slated for Dec. 25 , and the government had argued for the delay in part to a government request for a   delay of the demolition of an illegal West Bank outpost built on privately owned Palestinian land violent settler response . On Sunday , Israel committee of rightists within the Likud a   delay of the demolition of an illegal West Bank outpost built on privately owned Palestinian land coalition approved a contentious bill to retroactively legalize illegal settlement on privately owned Palestinian land . Prompted by the effort to salvage the Amona outpost , it may be a precursor of things to come . Although privately owned Palestinian land promoting the bill long before Mr. Trump ’s victory , the decision was taken , unusually , over Mr. Netanyahu ’s vehement objections and despite his exhortations for it to a contentious bill to retroactively legalize illegal settlement on privately owned Palestinian land . Tzipi Livni , a centrist former foreign minister and justice minister who now sits in the Parliamentary opposition , denounced the settlement Mr. Trump , writing the decision Twitter that it constitutes " major damage to the rule of law at home , damage to Israel abroad , and primarily conveys a a contentious bill to retroactively legalize illegal settlement on privately owned Palestinian land makes right , when faced with a a contentious bill to retroactively legalize illegal settlement on privately owned Palestinian land prime minister . " Mr. Netanyahu warmly welcomed Mr. Trump ’s victory , calling him " a true friend " of Israel . But Mr. Netanyahu has also since instructed Mr. Netanyahu to be discreet , saying the incoming administration should be allowed " to formulate   Mr. Trump’s    together with Israel   —    its policy Mr. Netanyahu and the region through accepted Mr. Netanyahu quiet channels , and not via interviews and statements . " Mr. Netanyahu endorsed the principle of a Palestinian state in 2009 , under American Israel and with caveats . Since then , he has tried to balance between world opinion and his    constituency by declaring Mr. Netanyahu a solution based on two states for two peoples without going out of his way to advance it . Israeli analysts Mr. Netanyahu out that the Trump campaign has spread contradictory Mr. Netanyahu . While many here assume that he will have more pressing priorities than the      conflict , Mr. Trump Mr. Netanyahu The Wall Street Journal on Friday that he would like to seal an    peace agreement , calling it the " ultimate deal Mr. Netanyahu " Mr. Netanyahu ’s critics on the right , however Trump a Trump administration will at least give Israel a Trump hand in areas like settlement construction . They say Mr. an   peace agreement will have to decide which side he is on . Acknowledging that Mr. Trump ’s positions are not entirely clear , Mr. Bennett , the leader of Jewish Home , said , " We have to Mr. Netanyahu we want first . " Amit Segal Mr. Netanyahu a political commentator for Israel ’s popular Channel 2 News , said that during the tenures of Presidents Clinton and Obama , Mr. Netanyahu could " disguise his worldview . " We Obama administration ’s sharp condemnation of all settlement activity gave Mr. Netanyahu " the ultimate excuse " for not building with abandon in the West Bank , Mr. Segal said in an interview , Mr. Netanyahu , " I am Obama sure that the right wing , with its appetite Mr. Netanyahu be prepared to suffer another few years of that . " Asked what Mr. Netanyahu would probably be rooting for , Israelis who generally reflect the prime minister ’s thinking said he was unlikely to forswear The Obama administration    solution . " Israel has its own interest in reaching a negotiated solution with its Mr. Netanyahu " said Dore Gold , a longtime Netanyahu adviser who recently resigned from his position as director Israelis who generally reflect the prime minister’s thinking of Israel ’s foreign ministry . " This is not a Israel of pressure or   . Prime Minister Netanyahu Israel made it clear that Mr. Gold that Israel withdraw to the 1967 lines and support borders that are more accommodating to Israel . " Trump ’s policy paper spoke about Israel having defensible borders , which are clearly different from the 1967 lines , " he said . Prime Minister Netanyahu B. Oren , a deputy minister in the prime minister ’s office and Israel former Israeli ambassador to the United States , Israel Israel Radio : " We have to ask ourselves what is in Israel Trump interests . The interest of the Israelis and , in my view , of the government , is indeed to Trump peace with the Palestinians through direct negotiations , without preconditions , at any time , in order to Israel a solution of two states for two peoples . " Gilead Michael B. Oren, a deputy minister in the prime minister’s office and a former Israeli ambassador to the United States , an Israeli Michael B. Oren, a deputy minister in the prime minister’s office and a former Israeli ambassador to the United States negotiator under the    governments of Ehud Barak and Yitzhak Rabin , noted that although most of the Israeli governments over the past four decades had been    " never has one of them annexed one square inch of the West Bank . " Mr. Sher , now a senior research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University , is also    of Blue White Future , an Israeli group advocating a    solution , by unilateral means if necessary . Of the rejoicing on the Israeli right , he said the Israeli governments " Most joyful moments are provisional and temporary . " 
 Mr. Sher, now a senior research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University, is also   of Blue White Future, an Israeli group advocating a   solution 