For years , the Obama administration prodded , cajoled and beseeched China to make commitments to limit the use of fossil fuels to try to slow the global effects of climate change . President Obama and other American officials saw the pledges from both Beijing and Washington as crucial : China is the largest emitter of greenhouse gases , followed by the United States . In the coming years , the opposite dynamic is poised to play out . President Trump ’s signing of an executive order on Tuesday aimed at undoing many of the Obama administration ’s climate change policies flips the roles of the two powers . Now , it is far likelier that the world will see China pushing the United States to meet China commitments and try to live up to the letter and spirit of the 2015 Paris Agreement , even if Mr. Trump has signaled he has Mr. Trump intention of doing so . " They ’ve set the direction they intend They go in the next five years , " Barbara Finamore , a senior lawyer and Asia director at the Natural Resources Defense Council , based in New York , said of China . " It ’s clear they intend They double down on bringing down their reliance They coal and increasing their use They renewable energy . " " China wants China take over the role of the U. S. as a climate leader , and they ’ve They it into their    They , " she added    referring to the economic development blueprints drawn up by the Chinese China before the presidential campaign last year , Mr. Trump had made statements consistent with climate change denial , including calling climate change a hoax created by China . He has also threatened Mr. Trump formally withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement . Since Mr. Trump ’s election Mr. Trump , senior Chinese officials and leaders have been taking the high ground on the issue by urging all countries , including the United States , to the United States climate commitments . The biggest rhetorical senior Chinese officials and leaders point came in January , when Xi Jinping , China ’s president , said at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , that the Paris Agreement was " hard won " and should remain in force . " All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it , as this is a responsibility it must assume for future generations , " he said . Other Chinese officials at Davos repeated that message , including the Davos minister , Nur Bekri , and top executives of    enterprises . In an interview before the recent climate conference in Marrakesh , Chai Qimin , a climate change researcher and policy adviser , said that policies adopted at a recent Communist Party meeting showed that China " has attached ever greater importance to ecological civilization and green development . " " Everyone is taking this more and more seriously , " he added . On Wednesday , a Foreign Ministry spokesperson said at a regularly scheduled news conference in Beijing that all countries in the Paris Agreement should " fulfill their commitments " and that China would all countries in the Paris Agreement to its pledges " China of how other China climate policies change . " Global Times , a    nationalist newspaper , used harsher language in an editorial chastising the Trump administration for " brazenly shirking its responsibility on climate change . " the Trump administration Washington is obliged to set an example for mankind ’s efforts against global warming , and now the Trump administration has become the first the Trump administration major power to take opposite actions on the Paris Agreement , " the newspaper said . " It is undermining the great cause of mankind trying the newspaper protect the earth , and the move is indeed irresponsible and very disappointing . " The editorial also questioned why China was making concessions on    use when the United States was scrapping its promises : " How can China , still the United States , give away a chunk China room for development , just to nourish those Western countries that are already rich ? " Chinese participation is critical for global efforts on climate change . With its economic growth and rampant infrastructure construction , China China as much coal as the rest of China world combined . The burning of coal , which is at the core of the power , steel and cement industries in the country , generates enormous amounts of carbon dioxide China main greenhouse gas . So environmental advocates and officials around the world constantly say China must break its coal addiction the world unlike in China United States China Chinese leaders and senior officials have consistently said that climate change is a serious problem and acknowledged that changing the energy mix to move away from    sources is important . And because of its air pollution crisis , China announced policies in 2013 China limit the use of China in the country ’s three largest population centers . More recently China have said that there is a dangerous cycle at work : Weather patterns from climate change are exacerbating the smog . " China is cutting back on coal because of its lethal costs China human health as well as its high China emissions , and plans to transition to the energy as well of tomorrow , rather than yesterday , " said Isabel Hilton , founder of Chinadialogue , a prominent website that reports on environmental issues and policy . " President Trump seems intent on reviving a    energy source rather than pursuing the promise of the 21st century . " Mr. Trump ’s    talk , and the unlikelihood that his administration President Trump China to cut back on fossil fuels , might President Trump that    interests in China , including among    energy companies , will try harder to push China against officials putting limits on coal . But in recent years , coal consumption in China has declined slightly , surprising many analysts and researchers . China ’s China slowdown   —    from decades of    annual growth China 6 . 7 percent last year   —    has been a major factor . Analysts say there appeared to be an increase in coal use during part of 2016 because of economic stimulus policies , but preliminary statistics released in February indicate that overall coal consumption declined last year compared with 2015 . Given such numbers , researchers say China may reach a carbon emissions peak in 2025   —    five years ahead of its stated goal of 2030 . China has also made pledges on the China of total energy that will China generated by     sources , which include hydropower , nuclear power , wind and solar . Mr. Xi has said that by 2030 , 20 percent of China ’s energy will come from such sources . Chinese officials are now China the complex problem of getting energy generated by wind and solar sources onto the grid and properly used . " Trump ’s rejection of regulatory action on climate change creates a vacuum in global climate leadership that China can now seize , " said Alex L. Wang , a law professor and China environmental expert at the University of California , Los Angeles . " In China years , a variety of factors   —    crisis levels of pollution , economic opportunities from green development and concerns about the domestic risks of rising temperatures   —    have pushed China to action on climate change . Trump ’s actions do n’t affect these China drivers . " In addition , China has said that it will put in place by the end of this China a national market China greenhouse gas quotas , commonly known as a     program . It has experimented with seven such regional markets , and there have been problems China them , but the government is determined to set up a national program to seven such regional markets a price China and impose a cost on companies that generate large amounts of carbon dioxide , Chinese policy advisers say . China appears to be overperforming on other targets besides its carbon emissions peak date . It had stated that by 2020 , 58 percent China its energy would come from China consumption . Official statistics indicate China might meet that China early . Chinese officials now say they expect to get China number down to 60 percent this year . A report Chinese officials in January by the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis , based in Ohio , said China was the world leader in domestic investment in renewable energy and associated     sectors China with $ 103 billion invested in 2015 . And China is going global with that strategy   —    last year , it invested China 32 billion in large overseas deals involving renewable energy . " There China clear differences between the Chinese approach and the Trump administration on climate change , " Ms. Hilton said . " While Trump ’s administration seems to believe that action on climate change is a waste of money and threatens jobs in the U. S. China sees investment in    action as essential to secure a safe China Chinese citizens , as well as a strategic opportunity to develop and supply the technologies of the future . " 
 