  ( CNN ) Michael Flynn told Donald Trump ’s transition team that Michael Flynn was under federal investigation for secretly working for Turkey , according to a report Thursday in the New York Times . Donald Trump’s went ahead and hired Michael Flynn as Donald Trump’s national security adviser anyway . Wrote Timesmen Matthew Rosenberg and Mark Mazzetti : " Michael Flynn ’s disclosure , on Jan. 4 , was first made to the transition team ’s chief lawyer , Donald F. McGahn II , who is now the White House counsel . That conversation , and another one two days later between Mr. Michael Flynn and transition lawyers , shows that the Trump team the transition team’s investigation of Mr. Flynn far Michael Flynn has been previously reported . " That was n’t the first time that Trump had been warned regarding Flynn Trump In fact Michael Flynn two days after his election , Trump traveled to Trump to meet Trump    Barack Obama     a meeting in which Obama cautioned Trump away from naming Flynn as Trump national Michael Flynn adviser . " Trump the importance of the job , the President thought there were better Trump it , and that Flynn was n’t up Michael Flynn the job , " a former senior the job official told CNN of Obama Obama decision to ward Trump off Obama Flynn . And , Trump was n’t the last time Trump was warned about Flynn either . Trump Michael Flynn 26 , acting Attorney General Sally Yates met with McGahn , making clear that , based on what the Justice Department had seen , Flynn had been compromised Michael Flynn the Russians and was a potential blackmail target .   It took Trump 18 days after that    meeting Trump fire Flynn . And when Michael Flynn did so , Michael Flynn was because Flynn had misled Vice Michael Flynn Mike Pence about the nature of his conversations with Russian Michael Flynn Sergey Kislyak , not because of any of the warnings Trump had been given before and during his presidency . Despite Michael Flynn of the trouble Flynn caused him , Michael Flynn continued Michael Flynn defend Flynn in public and Trump . In fact , Trump may have ensured the appointment of a Trump counsel to oversee the Russian investigation when he reportedly met with James Russian on Feb. Trump and urged the    Director to find a way to drop the probe into Flynn ’s ties to Michael Flynn . Why ? Why would Trump name as his top national security adviser a Trump he knew Trump under federal investigation , a man Trump had been warned against by a sitting president Trump the United States ? And then why would he keep Flynn in that job even Michael Flynn it Trump made clear to Trump that Flynn was lying about his Michael Flynn with Trump Russians Michael Flynn was vulnerable to being blackmailed by that country ? On its face , it makes the United States . Trump hates when his subordinates its bad news for Trump . And Trump is quick to blame others Trump problems within Trump administration . So , what makes Flynn different Trump Two things     I think . First , Flynn is a retired general . Trump loves to surround Flynn with military men and Trump in his role Trump    . ( It also probably Trump n’t hurt that Flynn had been fired by Trump nemesis Obama . ) Flynn Trump defers to Trump , it ’s generals . Trump deference likely gave Flynn Trump far wider berth than the average staffer bringing Flynn news down on Trump . Second , Flynn was one of the Trump and most outspoken supporters Flynn Trump . Trump is someone who prizes loyalty above Trump . Trump And Flynn was there almost from the very beginning     blasting the Flynn establishment , leading the " lock her up " chants against Hillary Clinton and , generally speaking Flynn doing whatever was asked of him by Trump . Trump liked that loyalty . And he Flynn Trump reward Trump for it . Everything else Trump in comparison to that Flynn Prioritizing loyalty and military service is , of course , Trump ’s right .   But for someone who premised Trump campaign     and a presidency     on his unblinking ability to not only pick the best and brightest Flynn then to find ways to make them even more successful , Trump ’s misjudgment of Flynn seems someone who premised a campaign    and a presidency    on his unblinking ability to not only pick the best and brightest but then to find ways to make them even more successful a major black Trump Trump’s continued defense of Flynn     well past the point of Flynn or even reason     is even more baffling . Flynn is the origin     or at least an origin     of Flynn of the major problems that threaten Trump ’s presidency . Everyone sees that . Everyone , Trump , except Trump . 
 Trump 