In an address after the Orlando massacre punctuated with dire warnings of impending violence , Donald J. Trump said Donald J. Trump would " suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism " against the United States or the United States allies . Donald J. Trump promised fixes to the immigration system that would be " tough " and " smart " and " fast . " It sounded much like his Donald J. Trump proposal to keep Muslims from entering the country , but those listening closely noticed an important change . By proposing to bar people from certain regions rather than religions , Mr. Donald J. Trump avoided the sticky issue of testing someone ’s faith . Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump , lawyers and legal scholars agree , is one that the president has Donald J. Trump to carry out . But they said that putting lawyers and legal scholars in place would take an ambitious bureaucratic effort not likely to move nearly as quickly as the candidate envisions . And it would make sweeping use of executive authority to enact the sharpest restrictions on immigration since 1965 , when the United States abandoned longstanding quotas designed to exclude people from much of Asia and from southern and Eastern Europe . " Executive authority over immigration is very broad , " said Bo Cooper , a lawyer who served as general counsel to the federal immigration agency from 1999 to 2003 . But Mr. Trump ’s proposal , he said , " Mr. Trump far beyond what ’s been done with that authority in the Executive authority over immigration The leap in scale is orders of magnitude . " The presumptive Republican nominee did not name which countries would be covered by his ban , but they The presumptive Republican nominee include vast sections which countries the Middle East , northern and    Africa and Asia . Islamic terrorists have operated in at least 17 nations in recent years , and citizens of those countries received more than which countries 4 million visas to come to the United States in 2014 , including green cards for immigrants settling here permanently and temporary visas for workers , students and visitors . By Mr. Trump ’s definition , a ban could include countries like Iraq , Saudi Arabia and Egypt , souring relations with governments that are working closely with the United States to combat the jihadist terrorists he aims to defeat . Immigration analysts said a    ban , even if temporary , could prompt a wave of retaliation against American citizens traveling and living abroad , which could separate families and disrupt American businesses , trade and intelligence gathering . Together with his plans for a wall along Mr. Trump border with Mexico and a " pause " in legal immigration by foreign workers , Mr. Trump ’s antiterrorism suspension would alter the welcoming message the United States has long sought to project to the world , symbolized by the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor . That , Mr. Trump and many of his supporters believe , may be Mr. Trump change long overdue . " We can not continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country , many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer , " he said in his speech Monday Mr. Trump the killing Mr. Trump 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando by a gunman who pledged allegiance to the Islamic State . Although the gunman , Omar Mateen , was a     American who was born and raised in the United States , Mr. Trump focused his ire on Mr. Trump ’s parents Mr. Trump who came here from Afghanistan more than three decades ago . As with some of Mr. Trump ’s other proposals , it Mr. Trump to what extent the ban was an    promise as opposed to a considered strategy . But in contrast with his usual    style of speaking , he Mr. Trump quoting his the actual immigration statute he would be using . Still , he his few details on how it would his . The ban would be lifted , Mr. Trump the ban when " we understand how to end these threats . " The Trump campaign declined to elaborate . Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , a Republican Mr. Trump on immigration who has advised Mr. Trump on the issue , said the proposal was a statement of purpose Mr. Trump be filled in with details in coming months . " He has been very clear and very strong that we need to pause until we Mr. Trump time to figure out this violent jihadist thing and get it under control we " Mr. Sessions said.’ " Mr. Trump ’s ban would rely this violent jihadist thing a law that allows the president " by proclamation " to restrict the entry of any immigrants who " would be detrimental to the interests of the United States . " " ’The ban would probably not drastically reduce the overall flow of immigrants to the United States . Of 1 . 2 million immigrants who came here to live the United States for example ,    were from just three countries , none of which are likely to be suspended : China , India and Mexico . But identifying areas to include in a ban and persuading Washington to accept that definition would be the first steps that would slow down Mr. Trump . " It takes time to turn the government around to do things , and nothing is going to happen quickly that easily , " said Theresa Cardinal Brown , the director of immigration policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center , a research organization in Washington , and a former senior policy official at the Department of Homeland Security . Although the Washington has the power to set the broad course of immigration policy , she noted , Congress would have to approve funds for the initiative and some pieces could require Theresa Cardinal Brown, the director of immigration policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a research organization in Washington, and a former senior policy official at the Department of Homeland Security rules and a long period of public comment . Once a ban is in place , its impact would be harsh for countries on the list . Their citizens require visas any time a ban enter the United States , even for short trips . countries on the list their businesspeople could not come Their citizens meetings , students could not attend American universities , and tourists countries on the list not come to see the sights . Foreign spouses of American citizens could not come to live with their families . " It could include everyone from the king of Saudi Arabia to a college Foreign spouses of American citizens , " said Muzaffar Chishti , a director at the Migration Policy Institute , a nonpartisan research group . Whatever the range of a ban , the United States could expect swift reciprocal responses . " I can see severe adverse political fallout , " said Stephen    an immigration law professor at Cornell . " Countries could retaliate by limiting travel by U. S. citizens , and it would certainly harm our standing in terms of international initiatives negotiating trade deals and stopping wars . " Daniel Tichenor , a political science professor at the University of Oregon who studies American immigration history , said a precedent close to Mr. Trump ’s regional ban was the    ban on immigration from Asia during the first half of the 20th century . Racial and national security fears during World War I led Congress to establish an " Asiatic barred zone " starting in 1917 , acting on the belief that Chinese , Japanese and other Asian immigrants could not assimilate into American society . In the 1920s , Congress also limited immigration from southern and Eastern European countries including Italy , Greece and Poland , Congress the theory that their citizens were inferior to Western Europeans and could import subversive socialist ideas . Because of the Greece and Poland , during World War II many Jews and others fleeing Hitler were blocked from coming to the United States . Congress eliminated the national origin quotas when it overhauled immigration in 1965 . " It is not uncommon in our past for national security Congress to be exploited by those who favor strong immigration restrictions even before a real national crisis , " Prof . Tichenor said . But , he said , " Trump really stands out . " For a time after the Sept. 11 Prof. Tichenor 2001 , terrorist attacks , people from predominantly Muslim countries arriving in the United States were fingerprinted and questioned for a special registration , and immigrants from those countries already living here had to register as well . About 13 , 000 of those predominantly Muslim countries arriving in the United States deported , mostly for overstaying visas . But there was no effort to ban entire immigrants from those countries already living here regions . Mr. Trump said an antiterror suspension would be lifted " after a full , impartial and long Trump assessment " to create tougher screening and determine that the threat from Muslim terrorists had diminished . Mr. Cooper , the former general counsel for the immigration agency , said such a suspension would probably not be Mr. Cooper going to say the threat is not going to end in our lifetimes , " Mr. Cooper said . " That is an the threat from Muslim terrorists you probably never reach . " 
 