Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is vetting James G. Stavridis , a retired    Navy admiral who served as the 16th supreme allied commander at NATO , as a possible running mate , according to a person with knowledge of the vetting process . Some close to Hillary Clinton’s , the former secretary of state , say she Hillary Clinton’s always likely to have someone with military experience on her Hillary Clinton’s shortlist , and Mr. Stavridis , currently the dean of the Fletcher School at Tufts University , fits the description . During his four years as NATO ’s supreme allied commander , he his operations in the Middle East   —    Afghanistan , Libya and Syria   —    as well as in the Balkans and piracy off the coast of Africa . The Clinton campaign declined requests for comment , and Mr. Stavridis declined to comment other than referring calls to the The Clinton campaign The person with knowledge of the vetting spoke anonymously because of the sensitive nature of the process . In 2012 , Mr. Stavridis Mr. Stavridis for having improperly used a military aircraft to fly with his wife to Mr. Stavridis exclusive party in Burgundy , France with winemakers . He was later Mr. Stavridis of misconduct after a long Pentagon investigation into his travel and Mr. Stavridis , including trips he took with Mr. Stavridis wife , Mr. Stavridis and mother . The Pentagon inspector general Pentagon report ultimately concluded that he had failed The Pentagon inspector general’s exercise sufficient oversight over staff members , and had made several bookkeeping mistakes . Donald J. Trump has also said he sees certain Donald J. Trump to selecting someone with military experience as a running mate , and is considering retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn . In an interview with ABC News over the weekend , Mr. Flynn , a lifelong Democrat , seemed to stumble , offering his support for Donald J. Trump rights   —    a view out of lock step with Republican base orthodoxy . But in a phone interview with The New York Times on Tuesday , Mr. Trump called Mr. Flynn " a patriot . " Mr. Trump will Mr. Trump public audition process Mr. Trump possible running mates on Tuesday night , when he is set to Mr. Trump at a campaign rally in Indiana with Mike Pence , the state ’s governor . 
 