Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " contributor LZ Granderson said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is off the campaign trail to avoid answering questions about the damaging WikiLeaks stories of the last few weeks about several of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton staff ’s emails .   contributor LZ Granderson said , " From what I ’ve read so far   —    and I have n’t gone through all 1 , 100 emails that were just released , but if tried to go through as many as I could before today , this would have been very damaging to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton if this was during the primary against Bernie Sanders , extremely damaging . But because this is coming out now , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton can manage and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton manages by , one , sending out Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton surrogates two , not saying anything which is why   —    why we do n’t see Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . I know there ’s   —    that the campaign is saying Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s preparing for the debate . I think Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s also avoiding these questions that you asked Tim Kaine earlier . And then three , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton needs to be able to , when Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reemerges , to not talk about WikiLeaks . " " So what do you do ? " Tim Kaine continued . " You talk about the economy , you talk about immigration , you talk about the area where you ’re completely split with Donald Trump to remind people of the issues . The more you talk about the issues , the less people are going to be focusing on the WikiLeaks and the more Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton surrogates are going to handle the questions in terms of the video and Tim Kaine being a sexist . (   RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 