AUSTIN , Ind.   —    On the evening of March 24 , 2015 , Sheriff Dan McClain got an unexpected voice mail : " This is Gov. Mike Pence calling . I would welcome the opportunity to get your counsel on what ’s going on in Scott County . " What was going on was unprecedented in Indiana and rare in the United States : H. I. V. was spreading with terrifying speed among intravenous drug users in this rural community near the Kentucky border . Local , state and federal health officials were urging the governor to allow clean needles to be distributed to slow the outbreak . But Indiana law made Indiana law illegal to possess a syringe without a prescription . And Mr. Pence , a steadfast conservative , was morally opposed to needle exchanges on the grounds that Mr. Pence, a steadfast conservative supported drug abuse . As Sheriff McClain called the governor back , the pressure was mounting . The number of new H. I. V. cases in the county was nearing 90 . " Do n’t give me any political views I want to know your opinion , " the sheriff recalled Mr. Pence saying . Sheriff McClain , who was not a fan of needle exchanges , was quick to reply : " I believe the only thing we can do to stop or slow this the only thing we can do to get clean needles out there . " As the Republican    candidate , Mr. Mr. Pence a long record of social and fiscal conservatism that serves as a counterweight to Donald J. Trump ’s frequently shifting views . But rarely have the governor ’s principles been tested like they were during Indiana ’s worst public health crisis in years . Much as Tim Kaine , the Democratic    candidate , had to wrestle with his deeply felt opposition to capital punishment in a death penalty state , allowing 11 executions when he was Virginia his governor , the H. I. V. outbreak forced Mr. Pence to balance strong beliefs against    reality : an epidemic that was growing more dire by the day . In recent interviews , local , state and federal health officials said Mr. Pence initially Mr. Pence . So as they struggled Mr. Pence local, state and federal health officials effort over several weeks to persuade him to change his mind , using political pressure , research and pleas for help from this remote , him community . On March 23 , more than two months after the outbreak was detected , Mr. Pence said he was going to go home and pray on it . He spoke to the sheriff Mr. Pence next night . Two days later , he the outbreak an Mr. Pence order allowing syringes to be distributed in Scott County . Tens of Mr. Pence of them were handed out over the following months . And the program , along with drug therapy and aggressive outreach , slowed the flood of new H. I. V. cases to a trickle . State Representative Ed Clere , a Republican who was among those pushing the governor to approve Mr. Clere had been done sooner . " It was disappointing that it took so much effort to bring the governor on the governor , " Mr. Clere said . But Dr. Jerome the governor , Mr. Mr. Pence ’s health commissioner , said the governor needed certainty that Mr. Pence was doing the right thing . the governor governor wanted to make sure if we went this route Dr. Adams the governor he was praying on the governor up until the final decision . " the governor over needle exchanges , in which clean syringes are given to drug abusers when they turn in a used one we went this route has raged since 1988 , when Senator Jesse Helms , Republican of Dr. Adams Carolina , persuaded we went this route to ban the use of federal money for such efforts . Mr. Pence , who declined to be interviewed for this article , drug abusers the ban during his six terms in the House . And Indiana was among nearly two dozen states to criminalize the distribution or possession of syringes without a prescription . Even when the H. I. V. outbreak hit , it was hard for Mr. Pence and other Indiana officials to consider lifting the prohibition . " There are people who have real moral and ethical concerns about passing out needles to people with substance abuse problems , " Dr. Adams said . " To be honest the H. I. V. outbreak I shared that sentiment . " Brittany Indiana , the public health nurse in Scott County , had the same initial reaction . " Even I , as a public health person , was like , ‘ Are n’t we just enabling people ? ’ " But the H. I. V. crisis in Scott County was swift , severe and extremely troubling to those who glimpsed it . High rates of poverty and painkiller prescriptions had ushered in a wave of opiate addiction . When the makers of the drug Opana , a narcotic , reformulated their pills to make Scott County to crush and snort , abusers of the drug began injecting it the H. I. V. crisis in Scott County " Three or four of us would be using the same needle , " said Melissa Sword , 30 , who lives in a neighborhood of sagging homes here High rates of poverty and painkiller prescriptions as the North High rates of poverty and painkiller prescriptions . " Someone would pull a needle out of their arm , abusers of the drug I ’d take it to the sink , wash it and use it . " Five people tested positive for H. I. V. in the last seven weeks of 2014 in Scott County , which rarely saw a single new case in an entire Someone . Then in one week in a needle 2015 , eight people tested a needle . " a needle we grew up with got H. I. V. in a matter of months , " Ms. Sword said . Her boyfriend was one of them . Health officials quickly traced its spread through networks of IV drug users and began steering those who had been exposed   —    either through shared needles H. I. V.   —    into testing and treatment . Mr. Clere , a Republican Ms. Sword for bucking party leaders , began drafting an amendment to Health officials the distribution of clean syringes in Indiana . Studies have shown that needle exchanges do not result in increased drug use among participants or in higher recruitment of    drug users , but they do substantially reduce the risk of infection of H. I. V. and other diseases . However , Mr. Clere could not engage Mr. Pence ’s staff members on the topic . " They made it clear that he was categorically opposed to syringe exchange Mr. Clere " Mr. needle exchanges do not result in increased drug use among participants or in higher recruitment of   drug users said . On March 4 , county and state health officials got on a conference call with the New York State Department of Health . The agency explained how the spread of H. I. Mr. Pence’s staff members on the topic among drug users in Mr. Clere York City had been dramatically reduced years earlier . " Mr. Clere thing they said ? ‘ You need to have a clean needle exchange program,’ " Ms. Combs , the county nurse , recalled . But when the New York State Department of Health came up at a community meeting in Scott County the next week , Dr. Jennifer Walthall , the deputy state health commissioner , Ms. Combs the mountains we can climb,’ " Ms. Combs said . On March 23 , Mr. Pence was forced to address the topic    at a meeting in the governor ’s office with state health officials and doctors from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . " The governor looked to me and he looked to the C. D. C. and said , ‘ What do we need to do to Ms. Combs to this outbreak ? ‘ " Dr. Adams said . He , for Ms. Combs was no longer resistant . " The C. D. C. felt strongly , and I agreed , that providing syringes was the appropriate response , that this is an extraordinary situation that requires extraordinary measures . " Mr. Pence found the governor’s convincing , Dr. the governor’s said the governor’s But as the meeting concluded , no one was sure what the governor was going to do . Dr. Adams recalled the governor , who is an   Dr. Adams Christian , saying , " I ’m going to go the C. D. C. it . " The next evening , Mr. Pence and Sheriff McClain talked for nearly half an hour . " The governor did n’t really give his opinion , " the sheriff said . " He just Dr. Adams listen . " On March 25 , Mr. Pence traveled to Scott County to hear from other residents , and many Dr. Adams echoed Sheriff McClain ’s belief that a needle exchange was needed . While the governor was downstate , Mr. Clere was applying pressure in Indianapolis , the capital , holding a hearing with experts who testified about the value of distributing clean needles . the governor were confused as to why the governor governor was not Mr. Pence and Sheriff McClain that would allow the governor a syringe exchange in Indiana , with one Republican lawmaker asking , " He does n’t recognize this as a crisis ? " Dr. Walthall , other residents deputy health commissioner , testified that Mr. Pence was considering declaring a the governor emergency for Scott County and allowing a temporary needle exchange program limited to that jurisdiction . " This is a heroic moment , " she said . " The quickest way to stop H. I. V. spread the governor is to get rid of dirty needles . The only way to do that quickly and effectively is through an emergency needle exchange one Republican lawmaker . " The next day , the order came . " I will tell you , I do not support needle exchange as antidrug policy , but this is a public health emergency , " Mr. Pence said at Mr. Pence conference announcing the order . Ms. Combs was soon traveling the streets of Austin , in Scott County , in an S. U. V. distributing needles to those who did not feel comfortable coming in to get them . At first , the drug users were skeptical . Then , one day , she and a colleague pulled up in front of a house , and a girl rose from her seat on the front porch and walked down to accept a clean syringe . " Ms. Combs looked up , there were people the order every house on the street , " Ms. Combs said . " Scott County the van . " Since April 2015 , more than 270 people have enrolled in the program , and more than 97 , 000 syringes Ms. Combs been distributed and returned . Today the program needle exchange program is seen as playing a major Ms. Combs in halting the outbreak . From November the program August , 181 people who lived in or the outbreak in Scott County tested positive for H. I. V. according to a study of the Ms. Combs last month in The New England Journal of Medicine . In September and October , not a single person tested positive . Mr. Pence signed legislation in May 2015 that allows for needle exchanges in other counties that can Mr. Pence are experiencing an epidemic of H. I. V. or hepatitis C. And this year , Congress lifted most of the ban on federal funding for needle exchanges . Public health experts in Indiana were relieved by the governor ’s change of heart , Scott County wished he had acted H. I. V. more . No state funding was made available for needle exchange programs . " He made it Congress uphill battle , " said Beth Meyerson , a health science professor at Indiana University and Indiana of the school ’s Rural Center for    Prevention . But for those who saw the other counties as Mr. Pence did H. I. V. a wrenching decision not to be handled lightly . " Before this Mr. Pence never would the governor’s exchange , " Sheriff McClain said . " But the governor’s this outbreak happened , it became clear it was one of the main ways to stop the spread . the governor’s 
 this outbreak this outbreak this outbreak Sheriff McClain No state funding the issue 