’   ’ ’    The US Senate starts considering    Donald Trump’ ’s    Cabinet picks in confirmation hearings on Tuesday , and Cabinet is    extremely confident " they’’ll all pass . " ’ ’    If history is any indicator , Trump has little to worry    about . ’ ’    In 228 years of the Executive Branch , Senate has   while 11    were withdrawn or not acted on by the Senate   ’ "    Considering presidents have nominated at least   to 21   requiring Senate confirmation Senate term , that ’s a    remarkably good success rate . " ’    Asked about the confirmation hearings after   on Monday , Trump said he    Trump them to go smoothly . ’ ’    " Confirmation is going great . I think they’’ll all pass , " Trump    Trump " I think every nomination will be   —    they’’re all at the    highest level . Jack was even saying , they are the absolute    highest level . I think they’’re going to do very well . " ’ ’   ’ "   —      —    have objected to many of Trump ’s    Trump , most notably   as secretary of state , Sen.   as attorney general , and   as the administrator of the    Environmental Protection Agency . " ’    But to successfully reject one of them with the picks, most notably  as secretary of state, Sen.  as attorney general, and   simple    majority , all of the 48 Democrats in the Senate would need to    oppose a    , plus have three Republicans join them . ’ picks, most notably  as secretary of state, Sen.  as attorney general, and      The loudest concerns senators have voiced have come over    Tillerson ’s    ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin , who    awarded the former Exxon Mobil CEO an . " ’    Top   released last    week that Russia was behind the Democratic National Committee    hacks , which they said was part of a campaign orchestrated by    Putin and designed to discredit Democratic nominee Hillary    Clinton and aid Trump . ’ ’    Sessions , meanwhile , was nominated to be a federal district court    judge by President Ronald Reagan in 1986 . But the      Senate Judiciary Committee blocked his    nomination   that he denied . his hearing for his general , in    front of the same committee that rejected him years ago his begins    Tuesday .    ’    After his nomination , his Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts     to join her in opposing Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts     . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t30 yrs ago , a GOP Senate rejected ’ judicial nomination , affirming no compromise with racism ; no negotiation with hate . ’t’t’ ’    " Today , a new GOP Senate must GOP a GOP Senate    &    political cowardice will prevent them from once   &    doing what    is right , " she tweeted . ’ "    Pruitt , meanwhile , is   against what he has called overreach    of the EPA , the agency Trump has nominated him to lead he for    President Barack Obama ’s Clean Power Plan . " ’    He is the he Cabinet pick that incoming Senate Minority    Leader Chuck Schumer of New York has outright opposed , raising    concerns on Twitter that Pruitt denies the . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tIt ’s irresponsible to support an   nominee who puts polluters over clear water & air for the American people . I oppose . ’t’t’ ’    Environmental group Sierra Club compared Pruitt heading the Pruitt    to " . " ’ ’   ’ "    The last time the Senate outright blocked a nomination was    Republican President George H. W. Bush ’s choice of   in 1989 . " ’    " Senator George J. Mitchell of Maine , the majority leader    . .. and Senator Sam Nunn , chairman of the Armed Services    Committee , both argued that Mr. Tower’ ’s nomination was a special    case , " The   at the time , " a nominee for a particularly    sensitive job plagued by an unusually long list of allegations    about purported    problems , misconduct toward women and    lax attitudes toward conflicts created by his work as Mr. Tower’’s    consultant to military contractors . " ’ ’    More recently , Obama withdrew Tom Daschle as his nominee for Obama secretary of health and human services in 2009 .    President George W. Bush withdrew two Cabinet nominees , and    President Bill Clinton withdrew three . ’ ’    The very first Cabinet pick to Cabinet outright rejected by the Senate    was   in 1834 , whom President Andrew Jackson appointed as    Treasury Secretary to dismantle the National Bank .   ’ 
 