Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , in a recent interview , brought up former White House aide Vincent Foster ’s suspicious death , among other scandals surrounding Bill and Hillary Clinton in the 1990s . [ " It ’s the one thing with Hillary Clinton , whether It ’s Whitewater or whether It ’s former White House aide Vincent Foster’s or whether it It Benghazi . It It always a mess with Hillary Hillary Clinton " Trump reportedly said in a recent interview , bringing up Foster former White House aide Vincent Foster’s suicide . Foster former White House aide Vincent Foster’s a former White House aide and friend of Hillary Hillary Clinton Trump recently Trump the circumstances around Foster former White House aide Vincent Foster’s Foster’s " fishy , " and allegations of foul play are " very serious . " " He knew Trump that was going on , and then all of a sudden he committed Trump , " Trump stated Trump Foster former White House aide Vincent Foster’s discovered in a Virginia park on July 20 , 1993 , with a fatal bullet wound . Two investigations into Foster former White House aide Vincent Foster’s death Foster’s same conclusion : suicide . However , newly discovered evidence increased belief that foul play was involved and resulted in an alleged coverup . The Washington Post reports : The real estate mogul and his allies hope that his tactics will bring his scrutiny to the Clintons’ long record in public life , which conservatives characterize as defined by scandals that her allies view as his allies . Through social media and Trump ’s ability to garner unfiltered attention on the Internet and the airwaves , political strategists believe he could revitalize the his among voters who do not remember them well or are too political strategists to have lived through them . " The Clintons political strategists have dodged many , many , many bullets . So much that was suppressed [ by the media ] is going to get   . So many of the things that they slipped by on will get reexamined , " veteran political strategist and friend of Trump , Roger Stone , Trump . " That ’s something they should have counted on they getting into the race . " 
 