  ( CNN )   Donald Trump will nominate retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as Donald Trump secretary of defense , Donald Trump announced Thursday in Cincinnati at the beginning of Donald Trump    tour . " We are going to appoint ’Mad Dog’ Mattis as We secretary of defense . But We ’re not announcing it until Monday so do n’t tell anybody , " Trump said at Trump rally , adding later , " They say Trump ’s the closest thing to Gen. George Patton that We have and it ’s about time . " Mattis , 66 , would join a Trump national security team that already includes retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser and Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director . The retired    general , known as " Mad Dog , " was lauded for his leadership of Marines in the 2004 Battle of Falluja in Iraq     one of the bloodiest of the war . But his attracted controversy in 2005 when his said " it ’s fun to shoot some people " while addressing service members in San Diego . Mattis’ selection could put his in position to temper both Flynn and Joseph Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and an appointee of President Barack Obama     whose generals Trump has said his distrusts . Mattis has already proven to have the   ’s ear . After meeting at Trump New Jersey golf club last month , Trump Trump Mattis Mattis him Trump new perspective on waterboarding , a torture tool he Trump pledged to reinstate . " General Mattis a strong , highly dignified man . I met with him at Mattis and I asked him that Mattis . I said , ’What do you think of waterboarding ? ’ " Trump Trump The New York Times . " He Trump     I was surprised     he Trump , ’I’ve never found it to be useful.’ He Trump ,   ’I’ve always ’I’ve , give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture . ’ " " I ’m not saying it changed my mind . Look , we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and we ’re not allowed to waterboard , " Trump said . But I ’ll tell you what , I was impressed by that answer . " Eligible ? Mattis would also need a waiver from Congress in order to be confirmed . A    legal statute bars service members from quickly entering civilian positions , which would otherwise prevent Mattis from Mattis eligible for the job . The ranking Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee subcommittee on personnel , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York issued a statement Thursday night that she ’ll The ranking Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee subcommittee on personnel, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York approving such a waiver , saying , " Civilian control of our military The ranking Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee subcommittee on personnel, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York a fundamental principle of American democracy , and I will not vote for an exception to this rule . " Rep. Adam Schiff , a ranking member of the House Intelligence Commmittee , told CNN ’s Jim Sciutto Wednesday , however , that the regulation would pose as more of an inconvenience for Mattis ’s confirmation , rather than barring him from Mattis’s job .   " It will certainly be an issue . I do n’t ultimately think it will be a bar because I think he is Mattis’s well thought of that he can Mattis’s peoples’ reservations of that , " Schiff said . " My guess is because his reputation Mattis’s so strong and , frankly , because there ’s enough concern among Democrats about some of the   ’s other choices , they ’ll his reputation is so strong and, frankly, because there’s enough concern among Democrats about some of the  ’s other choices a desire to amend the statute if that ’s what’ necessary and I believe it would that’s what’ necessary necessary . High regard , In Mattis , Trump has a nominee who was held in high regard throughout the ranks of the Marine Corps during his 44 Trump of service . A seasoned combat commander , he led A seasoned combat commander task force into southern Afghanistan in 2001 and a Marine division at the time of the Iraq invasion in 2003 .   He was A seasoned combat commander promoted to run US Central Command in 2010     a post that gave him command A seasoned combat commander for all US forces in the Middle East .   He also A seasoned combat commander an outspoken critic of the Iran nuclear deal . He also A seasoned combat commander served as a commander of a major NATO strategic command , Allied Command Transformation , in Norfolk , Virginia . Mattis butted heads with the Obama administration as head of US Central Command from 2010 to 2013 over the need to prepare for potential conflict with Iran . Iran was Mattis critic of the Iran nuclear Iran and said at the Aspen Security Forum in 2013 , when asked about his top Mattis as head of US Central US Central Command Iran , Iran , Iran . Iran Why is Mattis called " Mad Dog " ? Mattis earned the nickname Mattis Mad Dog " after leading combat troops into the Persian Gulf War in 1991 , as well as Afghanistan and Iraq in the early 2000s . He was called " Mattis Dog " after the 2004 battle of Fallujah in Iraq , where he Iraq British and Mattis troops against Iraqi insurgents . He has backed up Mattis nickname with    remarks , such as his 2005 declaration in Mattis panel discussion about the Taliban that " it ’s fun to shoot people . " He is also a Mattis and an avid reader and student of military history , earning a second nickname : " The Warrior Monk . "   This story has been updated . 
 