E Street Band guitarist Steven Van Zandt has called on the cast of the Broadway show Hamilton to apologize to Mike Pence for what E Street Band guitarist Steven Van Zandt described as their " bullying " of the Vice    during a performance in New York City Friday night . [ In a series of Twitter messages on Saturday , E Street Band guitarist Steven Van Zandt said the cast of the      play " made a mistake " and had set a " terrible precedent " for the theater when they their Pence directly from the stage toward the end of Friday night ’s performance .   At the end of a show which saw Pence Pence loudly at various points , actor Brandon Victor Dixon , who plays former vice president Aaron Burr , read aloud a message to the future vice president : " We , sir , are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us We our We , our We , our We , or defend us We uphold our inalienable rights , " the actor said . The brief remarks were reportedly written by Hamilton creator    Miranda , director Thomas Kail and producer Jeffrey Seller . Tonight ,    Mike Pence attended # HamiltonBway . After the show , @BrandonVDixon delivered the following statement on behalf of the the show pic . twitter .    —    Hamilton ( @HamiltonMusical ) November 19 , 2016 ,   But on Twitter Saturday , Van Zandt   —    who says he could Van Zandt  — " disagree more with everything Pence represents "   —    called the actors’ actions " completely inappropriate . " " When artists perform the venue becomes your home . The audience are your guests , " he wrote Van Zandt  — " It is nothing short of the same bullying tactic we rightly have criticized Trump for in the past . It ’s It unfair advantage of someone who thought they were a protected guest in your home . " " You do n’t single out an audience member and embarrass him from an audience member stage , " the guitarist added . " A terrible precedent to set . " In a tweet on Saturday ,    Donald Trump an apology from the show ’s cast : " The Theater must always be a safe and special place , " Trump wrote . " Trump cast of Hamilton ’s cast night to a very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! " The core cast of Hamilton , including Miranda , had been Hamilton supporters of Democrat Hillary Clinton in the presidential race . In October , Miranda and actress Renee Elise Goldsberry headline a " Broadway for Hillary " fundraiser in New York alongside comedian Billy Crystal . Clinton took in a performance of the Democrat Hillary Clinton show in July , just hours after she was grilled by federal investigators about Democrat Hillary Clinton use of a private email server Democrat Hillary Clinton she was Secretary of State . Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton her husband , former president Democrat Hillary Clinton Clinton Democrat Hillary Clinton later met with Miranda backstage . Read the rest of Van Zandt ’s tweets below : Hamilton made a mistake . Audiences should n’t have to worry about being blindsided like that . Theater should be sanctuary for Art to speak .   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,     is a genius . He has created the greatest play since Hamilton Side Story . He is also a role model . Hamilton sets a terrible precedent&gt ,   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   & gtCompletely inappropriate . Theater should be a safe haven for Theater to speak . Not the actors . He needs to apologize to Mike Pence Hamilton ,   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   There has never been a more outspoken politically active artist than me . He was their guest . Stevie Van Zandt ( protect Stevie Van Zandt ( guests Not the actors Do n’t embarrass them .   —    Stevie Van Not the actors ( @StevieVanZandt ) November Stevie Van Zandt (   When artists perform the venue becomes your home . The audience are your guests . It is nothing short of the same bullying tactic we rightly&gt ,   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   & gthave criticized Trump for in the past . It ’s taking unfair advantage of someone who thought they were a protected guest in your home .   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Nobody on this planet disagrees more with everything Pence represents . But I do n’t tolerate bullying in any form . Even the respectful kind .   —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Of course nobody is giving him a pass for any of his views ! That is not the time or place him do it . Picture it happening to someone you like https :   .    —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   A guy comes to a Broadway show for a relaxing night out . Instead he gets a lecture from the stage ! Not a A guy playing field . It ’s bullying . https :   .    —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 —   Stevie Van Zandt do n’t single out an audience member and embarrass him from the stage . A terrible precedent to set . https :   an audience member    —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   —   Stevie Van Zandt public figure we should be rude to him and bully him at public events ? an audience member ’m not the one who could n’t be more an audience member on this an audience member https :   .    —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   The cast was not —   Stevie Van Zandt was heartfelt with content shared by all of us . Given at the wrong place at the wrong time . https :   .    —    Stevie Van Zandt ( @StevieVanZandt ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 —   Stevie Van Zandt 