Washington ( CNN ) Leaked emails from former Secretary of State Colin Powell show former Secretary of State Colin Powell strongly criticizing Donald Trump , labeling former Secretary of State Colin Powell a " national disgrace and an international pariah . " former Secretary of State Colin Powell also called the birther movement , which the Republican presidential nominee helped lead , " racist . " " That ’s what the 99 % believe . When Donald Trump could n’t keep that up Donald Trump said Donald Trump also wanted to see if the certificate noted that Donald Trump was a Muslim , " Powell wrote in an August email . The messages , the existence of which were first reported by BuzzFeed and The Intercept , were posted to DCleaks , an organization affiliated with other recent hacks of    figures . Peggy Cifrino , an aide to Powell , told CNN : " The emails are accurate . No further comment at this time . "   The emails are notable for their The emails about Trump . Powell Powell has n’t endorsed Trump Trump has largely sidestepped questions about his Trump on the controversial GOP nominee .   Powell also lampooned Trump Trump that he could Trump over the    population . " For him to Trump yesterday that within four years he would Trump 95 % of blacks voting for him is Trump fantasy , " Powell wrote , adding , " And ( former Fox News chief Roger ) Ailes as an Powell wo n’t heal with women . " READ : Roger Ailes picked wrong women to mess with , Moreover , the former secretary of state tore former Fox News chief Roger) Ailes as an adviser as an embarrassing figure to represent the United States .   " Trump is a national disgrace and an international pariah , " Powell wrote in June .   " Trump appeals to the worst angels of the GOP nature Powell poor white folks , " Powell wrote Trump another email . As Trump ’s lead in the Republican primary solidified , Powell Powell to CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria about the Trump ’s political coverage .   READ : Powell the 2016 presidential debates really matter , " You guys are playing his game , you are his oxygen , " Powell wrote in December . On Wednesday night , Trump tweeted his disdain for his . " Powell was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding Trump weapons Powell mass destruction in Iraq = disaster . We Powell much better Powell " Trump said . Clinton ’kind of screws up with hubris’ But the messages also showed Powell angry with Hillary Trump over her handling of her personal emails as secretary of state .   Powell The Intercept reported Clinton wrote in Clinton , " Clinton HRC touches she kind of screws up with hubris . " Powell FBI released information from its investigation of Clinton ’s email Clinton in July and August , and the notes it released showed Clinton indicating The FBI practices came from Powell . Powell pushed back against this publicly , telling People magazine in August Clinton Clinton Clinton people were trying to pin Powell on him . He said as much in his email August writing Clinton’s 23 : " ( Clinton ) this Clinton need any Powell or ok from me Powell was already doing it . I gave her Clinton guidance on why and how I had been doing it Powell " Clinton appeared on CNN shortly thereafter Clinton told Anderson Cooper that the blame rested with her .   it Mills Clinton a former staffer for Clinton , forwarded the transcript of Clinton ’s CNN interview Clinton Powell , a leaked message shows .   He Clinton to Mills , calling the Clinton very nice CNN "   " The only thing I would add Clinton to simply say she had a private account on a public server before becoming SecState and continued to use it when she became SecState Clinton On the other hand this might to lead to questions about the basement , " Powell a private account on a public server Clinton   On SecState 28 , he said that Clinton " could have killed this two years ago by merely telling everyone honestly what she had done and Powell tie me into it . I told her staff three times not to try that gambit Clinton " Wednesday ’s email leak was not the first time Powell Clinton private thoughts were revealed . In 2013 , a hacker known as " Guccifer " infiltrated Powell ’s email . Powell Romanian hacker , Marcel Lazar , also managed his way into the digital spaces of some members Powell’s Bush family and Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal .   Lazar was sentenced The Romanian hacker, Marcel Lazar 52 months in prison on September 1 . These leaks came from DCleaks on the same day a hacker The Romanian hacker, Marcel Lazar the alias " Guccifer 2 . 0 " released more information from the Democratic National Committee . Experts have pointed to Russian state elements as the actors behind the DNC leaks . Powell , Rice talk Iraq War , An exchange in 2015 showed Powell and his successor , former secretary These leaks Rice , critiquing some of their former colleagues in the Bush administration . Rice forwarded Powell link Powell story about Bob Woodward slamming former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld ’s recent Powell and his successor, former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice on the Iraq War .    Rice Rice Woodward and added : " First , we did n’t invade Iraq to bring democracy      but once we overthrew Saddam ( Hussein Rice we Bob Woodward a view of what should follow . If Don and the Pentagon had done their job . we things might have turned out we . " Powell criticized " Doug and Paul , " presumably Douglas J. Feith and Don and the Pentagon Wolfowitz , for their plan on Iraq and praised his former boss , President George W. Bush . " 43 ( Bush , the 43rd president ) knew what had to be done , " Powell wrote to Rice . " As you say , the boys in the band were brain dead . " 
 Powell 