  ( CNN ) When President Donald Trump travels to Southeast Asia this fall , President Donald Trump will likely be going without the help of one key adviser : a chief of protocol .   Vice President Mike Pence announced Thursday that President Donald Trump will attend two summits in the Philippines and one in Vietnam this November , and before that , he Vice President Mike Pence trips planned to Brussels , Italy and Germany this spring and summer . But since January 20 , there has been no one officially in the important diplomatic position     and once someone is named it takes months , or even more than a year , for a nominee to be confirmed by the Senate . As advisers cross globe to hotspots , Trump stays put , There are more    positions that require Senate the Senate that are still open     among them are ambassadorships to Afghanistan , France and South Korea , according to the American Foreign Service Association ’s website . But the chief of protocol is an often misunderstood or entirely overlooked position that serves an important function and has been an official posting since just after the end of World War II .   What they do , Chiefs of protocol work at the State Department , and since 1961 , they they all held the rank of ambassador . They they sometimes former ambassadors themselves and are    in foreign relations and etiquette . They they presidents on foreign trips and coordinate visits of foreign dignitaries to the US , they they newly installed ambassadors moving to Washington , they they select gifts for foreign leaders and they they Blair House , the historic guesthouse across the street from the White House . " The whole concept of protocol is to create the framework for diplomacy , " said Capricia Marshall , who was chief of protocol during the Obama administration . " We work through all the details before the two leaders set foot in the room because you want their the two leaders to be the very serious discussions they the two leaders going to engage in . " One of their the two leaders is to never allow the President or the first lady to be embarrassed . When the Obamas first visited the United Kingdom , members of the British press were aghast when first lady Michelle Obama briefly put her first lady Michelle Obama on Queen Elizabeth II ’s back during a reception , bucking royal protocol that no one touches the Queen Elizabeth II It is the job of the chief of protocol to make sure that scenes like that do not happen , but Marshall was awaiting confirmation at the time . ( The Trumps are expected to go to the United Kingdom for a state visit , likely this fall . ) Vacant periods , There have been periods when the office was vacant while a nominee is awaiting Senate confirmation and a career employee at the State Department has filled the position until a nominee is confirmed . According to two people familiar with the office , deputy chief of protocol Rosemarie Pauli is acting as chief until a nominee is confirmed . But the fact that no one has been put up for confirmation yet is unusual . President George W. Bush asked Don Ensenat to be his chief President George W. Bush protocol shortly after January 20 , 2001 , and    of State Hillary Clinton put Marshall ’s name forward for Obama ’s consideration shortly after his inauguration Obama The White House did not respond to a CNN request for comment . Without someone in the position , oversights have already happened during the Trump administration . " I cringe when I see President Xi ( of China ) sitting to the left of President Trump , " said a former American diplomat . " You should always have your place of prominence to your right because you ’re showing your guests respect . " So far , Trump seems President Trump relaxed about protocol , though , and even comes to the door of the West Wing to greet foreign leaders himself , adding a personal touch that used to be the job of the chief of protocol . The chief the chief of protocol the first American with whom foreign diplomats ever speak at length when they go to the State foreign diplomats to present their documentation from their foreign foreign diplomats making them foreign diplomats ambassador . This foreign diplomats will still go on without a chief of protocol in place because career staff at the State Department , who the State Department jobs regardless of who is president , will fill the void . But not having someone in the post is a missed opportunity , former diplomats said . One former diplomat in the Obama administration likened it to a senator ’s office with One former diplomat in the Obama administration senator . " One thing that a senator’s is having a de facto representative of the President who is focused on constituent services and that constituency is the diplomatic corps , " the person said on the condition of anonymity . Not a priority ? But the position appears not to be a priority for Trump , whose proposed budget would reduce State Department funding by $ 11 billion , or nearly 30 % . Tyler Abell , chief of protocol during President Lyndon Johnson ’s administration , said he is not worried if the position goes Tyler Abell, chief of protocol during President Lyndon Johnson’s administration for a while . the position has to do the job and they do n’t need to be sitting at a desk with the title of ’chief of protocol’ on it , " he said . " A lot of work is Tyler Abell, chief of protocol during President Lyndon Johnson’s administration of the mill . " It took Nancy Brinker , who served as US ambassador to Brinker and hospitality . " The farther you go from the US the more important it becomes . There ’s a tremendous amount of message in gestures , " she said . Another key component of the job is making sure that visiting leaders are happy . For instance , Brinker said , when the president of Mongolia The to Washington he wanted to visit Arlington National Cemetery , so she and Brinker staff arranged for it . Brinker met with Trump in March but they did not discuss the position at any Brinker . Consequential position , The responsibilities of the job are the president of Mongolia consequential than they seem . " You have Brinker think Brinker this in human terms and Brinker about basic needs . You do she and her staff want a hangry diplomat , " Marshall said .   She was referring to a meeting between Obama , Israeli Prime The responsibilities of the job Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in New York when she was so focused on other details that she forgot to provide food for the delegations . When she asked Brinker if he needed Netanyahu Embarrassed Brinker she raced to the hotel kitchen . Brinker , Bush ’s chief of protocol from 2001 to Brinker , said he offered to help the Trump administration with names and guidance but has not heard back .     Netanyahu For the leader Netanyahu Brinker ’re interfacing with , having someone they can always look to from big things to little things is important , " he said . " The hosts do n’t want to deal with some advance man Bush is 20 years old . " It is the chief of protocol who briefs the President on the customs of other countries . It can be as simple as telling the President a traditional greeting in the native speaker ’s tongue or making sure Bush knows that a certain head of state is fasting so he will not be eating lunch that day . Sometimes on visits to foreign countries or during a meeting with a visiting dignitary , only those with ambassador rank are allowed in the room , the President default , the chief of protocol is the last person to brief the the President . " I ’m worried they ’ll name some Manhattan the President , " Ensenat said of Trump ’s deliberations " It ’s totally the wrong job for a socialite , they ’ll be disappointed . It ’s not a glam job . It ’s    work . " 
 only those with ambassador rank only those with ambassador rank It It 