Last night , geriatric Hillary took aim at Breitbart , the    and me in an effort to smear Daddy Donald as a bigot . Unfortunately the speech was low energy , inaccurate and above all sad . the speech was like a    shooting with a water pistol fired from a mobility scooter . [ Clinton spoke at Truckee Meadows Community College , an intimate setting for the modest crowds Hillary attracts . If Trump was in Reno , Trump ’d be at the Lawler Events Center at the University of Neva Reno campus with a standing room only crowd in the 12 , 000 seat arena .   Come to think of it , looking at the room Hillary was in I think I have more employees than there are people who show up for big Hillary speeches . Humiliating ! Hillary ’s message can be distilled into a simple litany   —    everything is racist , everything is sexist and everything is Islamophobic . But only if you ’re a white male . Donald Trump was completely correct ( Donald Trump usually is ) when Donald Trump pointed out that the left falls back on identity politics when they have nothing else . Hillary attacked Donald Trump ’s attempts to address the issues facing the black community , like crime , lack of house ownership and no jobs . Hillary says these are n’t factual statements , basing Hillary opinions against all common sense and every bit of police data ever released , on the examples of Hillary rich and highly educated black friends . Newsflash : CNN hosts and political insiders do n’t live in the ghetto . Sheriff David Clarke and Dallas Police Chief David Brown   —    whom Hillary mentioned in Hillary speech   —    would hardly agree with Hillary rosy outlook for black Americans following decades of liberal leadership . Hillary Hillary speech was dull and she Hillary so hoarse I was gulping down a protein shake speedily concocted by my handsome yet approachable personal trainer , Will , to deal with my sympathetic cottonmouth , but it a protein had some laugh lines . For example , Hillary Hillary up Daddy Donald ’s brushes with the Justice Department . Those who have glass email servers should not throw stones , especially when the line to be named a Special Prosecutor investigating the Clinton Foundation is only slightly shorter than the line at a Trump rally . That was n’t the only place in the speech Hillary Hillary all common sense in her Hillary .   Hillary Hillary Trump Trump deeply involved involved in the birther movement , a movement her Hillary started during her Hillary against Obama . Hillary Hillary calling for Trump to Trump people , but she Hillary awfully slow to disavow the support of Islamist and    dad Seddique Mateen . Has she Hillary friend and mentor Robert Byrd , former Klansman ? As for conspiracy theories , nothing on InfoWars comes close to what Hillary Hillary in her Hillary   —    that the    has gone from posting frog pictures on the internet to dictating the direction of the Trump campaign . Mad ! Of course there was the requisite part of the speech about Islam , with a nice shout out to the female Muslim fencer who was apparently the most important person in the Olympic games . Hillary fails to grasp reality when she makes Hillary common statement among liberals , " Think of the children ! " . Well , yes . I do . I also think of women and gays . I invite Mrs. Clinton to think about the children who are killed in Islamic terror attacks . Muslims do not flee religious persecution in the Middle East , they move Muslims the west to bring religious persecution to our societies . The    and the Trump coalition in general looks at Europe and says " We will Muslims let it happen here " . Hillary Clinton looks at Europe and Europe " The future is now . " Speaking of the    did you hear some brave lad yell out a tribute to Pepe , the naughty green frog that is one of the   ’s favorite memes ? Based on that small crowd , the    the    considerable portion of the attendees . Which raises the tragic possibility that for a supposedly    declaration of war from Clinton , Hillary Clinton democrats could n’t fill a small school hall . That ’s how excited young people are about Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ’s speech proved that she and her team Hillary no Hillary what the    is , just as her supporters do n’t Hillary Of course Steve Bannon , Breitbart and I are not the   . But I have chronicled the movement and given them a fairer shake Steve Bannon, Breitbart and I anyone else in the media , which is why other journalists , horrified that I wo n’t play the    game , are so keen to associate me with its worst elements .    I am an extremely modest person , it was a rush listening to Hillary rattle off some of my best work .   You really should read the articles , they are as good the articles the headlines suggest . Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy   and Would You Rather Your Child Had Feminism or Cancer ? Hillary was n’t done Hillary me with her delightful lack of Hillary . She also brought out Hillary Mexican proverb to damn Trump for consorting with supervillains like me and Bannon . She said " Tell Hillary with whom you walk , and I will tell you who you are . " So what does that make Hillary   …      not , a minor member of the Saudi Royal Family ? That ’s the same Saudi Royal Family that puts the Saudi Royal Family death while it fills the coffers of the Democrat nominee , in case you ’d forgotten . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 