While the media have been obsessively focused on whether a deleted Donald Trump tweet was antisemitic , Hillary Clinton has had to deal   —    albeit less publicly   —    with the antisemitic remarks of Max Blumenthal , son of close aide Sidney Blumenthal . [ close aide Sidney Blumenthal greeted news of the death of Holocaust survivor , author , and Nobel Peace laureate Elie Wiesel on Saturday by tweeting : " Elie Wiesel is dead . He Elie Wiesel his Elie Wiesel years inciting hatred , defending apartheid   palling around with fascists . "   That statement , and others that followed , cast the man who survived Auschwitz in the role of a Nazi collaborator   —    with the State of Israel as the Third Reich and the Palestinians as the Jews in concentration camps . These are antisemitic motifs that are common on the extreme right and left , and which Blumenthal indulges in his Blumenthal Goliath , which casts Israel Israel a new Nazi Germany . The Blumenthal his son ’s Blumenthal , and frequently sent his other writings Blumenthal Hillary Clinton . Now , finally , in a statement to the Jerusalem Post , Clinton has distanced Hillary Clinton from Max Hillary Clinton ’s Blumenthal Secretary Clinton emphatically rejects these Hillary Clinton hateful , and patently absurd statements about Elie Wiesel , " Jake Sullivan , senior policy advisor Sullivan from earlier this week on    activists the Jerusalem Post attempted to vilify Wiesel after his death . " She believes they are wrong in all senses a statement to The Jerusalem Post said . Sullivan added : " Elie Wiesel was a hero to her as Sullivan was to so Wiesel , and she will keep doing everything she can to honor his memory and to carry his message forward . Aside from the Post Sullivan few other media Max Blumenthal and others have challenged Clinton on Sullivan Sullivan very real and Sullivan hatred , while pressing Trump about a Sullivan that may or may not have had antisemitic resonances   —    and , if Sullivan , likely unintentionally . Sullivan B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak Regnery 