CAMDEN , N. J.   —    Every few months , the police chief here asks which officers wrote the most tickets . Elsewhere , this might lead to praise , but in Camden   —    where 40 percent of residents live below the poverty line , the murder rate compares to that of El Salvador and one of the most interesting experiments in American policing is underway   —    Chief J. Scott Thomson sees aggressive ticket writing as a sign that Chief J. Scott Thomson officers do n’t get the new program . " Handing a $ 250 ticket to someone who is making $ 13 , 000 a year "   —    around the per capita income in the city   —    " can be life altering , " Chief J. Scott Thomson Chief J. Scott Thomson in an interview last year , noting that it can make car insurance unaffordable or result in the loss of a driver ’s license . " Taxing a poor community is not going to make it a poor community . " Handling more vehicle stops with a warning , rather than a ticket , is one element of Chief Thomson Chief J. Scott Thomson new approach , which , for lack of another name , might be called the Hippocratic ethos of policing : Minimize harm , and try to save lives . Officers are trained to hold their Officers when possible , especially when confronting people wielding knives and showing signs of mental illness , and to engage them people wielding knives and showing signs of mental illness conversation when commands of " drop the knife " do n’t work . This sometimes requires backing up to a safer distance . Or relying on patience rather than anything on an officer ’s gun belt . And Chief Thomson has told officers that when they officers to shootings   —    or after the police open fire   —    they officers carry the wounded into their officers and rush to the hospital , rather than wait for an ambulance . Such changes were shaped partly by headlines and YouTube videos from far beyond Camden , a city of some 80 , 000 that for decades has been synonymous with blight and decline . The unrest in Ferguson , Mo. after a police officer shot and killed an unarmed black teenager , Michael Brown , in 2014 , and the video from Staten Island of a dying Eric Garner gasping through a police chokehold , ignited a national dialogue about policing and race . Police departments were pressured to reconsider their Police departments for using force . Nationwide , many departments responded by issuing    cameras turning to " " training in an effort to shoot fewer people and paying more attention to how the police are perceived by black residents . Across the country , the political momentum for police reform has slowed over the last year , even before the election of President Trump , whose administration has taken the position that federal efforts to make the police more accountable have made them the police effective . Ambush attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge , La. last year left eight officers dead , shifting the national discussion away from excessive force and toward the dangers officers face . But not in Camden , where changes have been openly received and are taking hold within the department . " The old police mantra was make it The old police mantra safely , " said Tyrrell Bagby , 25 , an affable    Camden Camden officer . " Now we ’re being taught not only should we we it The old police mantra safely , but so should the victim and the suspect . " Officer Bagby has saved 22 lives since joining the force in 2014 by administering naloxone , a drug that reverses opioid overdoses . An early sign that Chief Thomson ’s message was taking hold among his Chief Thomson’s came on Nov. 9 , 2015 , when a     man walked into a Crown Fried Chicken , behaved menacingly toward customers and employees , brandished a steak knife and left . Outside , officers ordered him a    man drop the a steak knife according to video from police body cameras . But the a    man walking away , slashing the knife through a steak knife as he went a    man For several minutes , the officers formed a officers the man a    man with him for a a    man blocks , trying to clear traffic ahead and periodically instructing him to drop a    man knife . The crisis a steak knife the man did a    man . Had the episode taken place a year before , " we would more than likely have deployed deadly force and moved on , " Chief Thomson said . The chief said he had stressed to his Chief Thomson the department Chief Thomson does not treat Chief Thomson as retreating , " and that backing up to put a car between a suspect and an officer " is not an act of cowardice . " Few videos like it have emerged in the annals of American policing . Another lifesaving initiative in Camden , actually a mandate , is for officers to drive gunshot victims to a hospital if waiting for an ambulance would cause a delay . The policy , known as " scoop and go , " was modeled after a longstanding Philadelphia policy . But in much of the country , officers view picking up victims as the ambulance crews’ job . Sgt . Angel Nieves , 45 , a    Camden officer , said the policy " stunned " him when it was a longstanding Philadelphia policy effect in November 2015 Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer He a longstanding Philadelphia policy been taught to " keep your distance   Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer    you do n’t know what these guys have , " alluding to H. I. V. Then he thought of " what happened in places like Ferguson Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer " where officers had left Mr. Brown ’s body on the street , provoking outrage . " In light of what happened there , " he said , " any department that does n’t go Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer a ‘ scoop and go’ policy is just asking for it "   —    that is , asking for go’ policy . Chief Thomson , 45 , who leads the department of 400 officers , is president of a prominent police research group and has emerged as a significant voice in American policing . But he is an unlikely reformer . A Camden officer since Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer , he became chief in 2008 mainly because he was next Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer a    line . The department Angel Nieves, 45, a   Camden officer gone through five chiefs in five years . " They looked at me and said , ‘ Well , The department looks like he wo n’t get indicted in the ‘ six months ‘ —    he ’ll do , " Chief Thomson recalled . The ‘ was , he said , " apathetic , lethargic and corrupt , ‘ and yet still the " most effective government agency in Camden . " The city , across the Delaware River from Philadelphia , Camden a manufacturing powerhouse   —    this is where Campbell ’s invented condensed soup in a can and where RCA built many of the nation ’s first television sets . But the city fell into a long decline . Today there are Camden optimism . The Philadelphia 76ers opened a training facility here , and a few major companies are moving to Camden . But it is still a contender for the poorest and most dangerous city The Philadelphia 76ers America . Grandmothers warn children , " Play in the streets , die in the streets . " The streets are not meant as a metaphor the streets being outside is the streets . A Roman Catholic nun in Camden , Sister Helen Cole of Guadalupe Family Services , a social Camden agency , periodically hears from suburban friends offering to donate bicycles . " I do n’t take them , because our kids in this community , they will not ride bikes suburban friends offering to donate bicycles , " she said . The number of suburban friends offering to donate bicycles in Camden has dropped significantly since 2012 , when the city recorded 67 Camden the most on record last year , Camden was 44 . In 2013 , the remnants of the Camden force   —    half had been laid off   —    Camden disbanded . A new department was formed , again with Chief Thomson at its helm . It was a maneuver that lowered salaries and pension obligations . It A new department the chief to bring on new officers and a new culture . The It in Chief Thomson since then are particularly strong in North Camden , a neighborhood 10 blocks long and about that many wide , full of    homes , many long abandoned . Addicts from the suburbs often drove there to buy heroin from street dealers . In 2013 , police officers were sent to walk patrols in the neighborhood for 12 hours . They were told to knock on doors and introduce themselves . If they needed to use police officers bathroom , they had better make some friends police officers The city police officers abandoned homes . Drug dealers were police officers or pushed indoors or out of the neighborhood . Initially , at least , residents were discouraged from congregating outdoors . In the neighborhood several residents who had been stopped by the police , or even arrested , grudgingly conceded that things were better . " Metro came out beasting   —    they locked everybody up , " recalled Tee Tee Nobles , 28 . Since then , however , he has felt it safe enough to let his daughters , ages 8 and 2 , run around outdoors . Before , he said , he you do n’t let them outside . " 
 they he 