Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow for the Election Day edition of Breitbart News Daily . [ Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s feeling " unbelievable energy " from the crowds at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rallies as the presidential race comes to an end .   " We had to have close to 30 , 000 people in Michigan at one o’clock in the morning , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " because , you know , We added it on at the end . We ’re doing great in Michigan . They ’re great people , and the car business has been taken away , and so much has happened . " " We were in New Hampshire , which was incredible , at the big arena . It was packed , " Trump continued . " I mean , It was just packed with thousands of people outside . The energy in New Hampshire was unbelievable . And then We hopped in the plane , We flew to Michigan , We got there at about 12:30 , almost 1:00 in the morning . It had to have close to 30 , 000 people , inside and out . The The energy in New Hampshire incredible . " Marlow noted that Trump Trump been holding big rallies in traditionally " blue " states during the last days of his Trump , and asked for his Trump on expanding the Republican " big tent " to include more longtime Democratic constituencies . " You have to do it , " said Trump Trump " You know , we ’re at a tremendous disadvantage in the Electoral College . As you know , she starts off with like about 240 her number she around 240 before she starts she The Republicans are at a tremendous disadvantage . But I have a great relationship with New Hampshire , as an example . A great relationship with various places like North Carolina , which I guess you could say is purple , but I think we ’re gon na do great there , and so many of the others . " " And I think we ’re we na do fantastically in Michigan , " he predicted A great relationship with various places like North Carolina, which I guess you could say is purple, but I think we’re gonna do great there, and so many of the others. " " Michigan is Michigan you know , the cars , that industry was ripped out of Michigan , Michigan much of it , industry moved to Mexico and other places . The people understand . And I ’ve been talking about it , Alex , for five years . You know , I got Man of the Year in Michigan about Michigan or six years ago . In my speech , I was talking about that . It had nothing to do with it , It I was talking about it , It they know how I feel . And then the polls started coming out , as you know , and we are up I think two points in Michigan , Michigan is shocking to people , because in theory , that was a very blue state . Very blue . " " She heard Marlow it , and she went Marlow last night , too , but she ’s Marlow gon na stop what ’s happening to the state , " he said of Clinton . " And there are some others . We seem we be doing very well in certain blue states . Maybe a lot of them . " Marlow asked for the agenda in the first hundred days of the Trump administration , and what he expected Marlow the    session of Congress , should he win Marlow election . " We have a lot of different things , " Trump replied . " First of all , we have We strengthen our borders We We need We security . We have We start building up our military We We have We take care of our vets We We have We immediately repeal and replace Obamacare   —    so important . It is such a disaster , Obamacare . And you ’re seeing it . It know it ’s It subject that you guys cover a lot . You see the rate increases , the premium increases   —    as an example , Arizona , 116 percent increase . Minnesota , 60 percent . You have these increases all over the place , and it came up just before the election , but everyone was suffering [ from ] them they everyone everyone but it seemed to be a very big subject . I think it ’s one it the reasons that we are doing so well , the Obamacare . It ’s a it . And it ’s no it . It does n’t it . I mean , you ca n’t even use it , the it are so high . " " So we will repeal and replace Obamacare . We Obamacare get we health care that ’s fabulous , like great , and that ’s for a fraction of the cost , " Trump promised . " This is crazy . " Marlow mentioned two constituencies Trump is likely Trump have trouble with at the polls : NeverTrump Republicans and Latino voters . However , he thought Latino Marlow might " come out more for you than people have anticipated " because the Democrats’ appeal to the Latino constituency has been so condescending . " Why do the Democrats expect them to vote the Democrats policies from the countries that they left ? the Democrats Marlow wondered . " I think we ’re gon na do much better with the Hispanics or Latinos than anyone expects , " Trump agreed . " They ’re great the Hispanics or Latinos , and I think we ’re gon we do very well . It ’s already Trump borne out . As an example , last week , I received the primary award from the Cuban Bay of Pigs Association . They gave me the primary award from the Cuban Bay of Pigs Association incredible award the primary award from the Cuban Bay of Pigs Association I do and all . That ’s an indication . With the Cubans , I can tell you , we ’re like at 85 percent . But I think we ’re gon na do we well with the Hispanics , and frankly , with the African Americans . I think we ’re doing really well we You see what ’s going on . And she ’s not doing well . She ’s very uninspiring , she she is not doing well she all . " " So it ’ll be a very interesting evening , I think . Do n’t you think ? " Trump said . When Marlow noted the contrast between Hillary Clinton ’s campaign rhetoric about " unity " and her sneering dismissal of Trump she voters as " Trump , " Trump said , " Yeah Trump ‘ deplorables,’ ‘ irredeemable,’ you know , a few little beauties like that . " " Look , I think she would not be a she president , " he contended . " I Trump that she ’s not an inspiring she . Our country is very divided , as you know . We ’re gon na bring Our unity to the country . I think Our country going to do Our fantastic job . I know we ’re gon na do Our fantastic job with jobs . " " We went to Michigan last Our , you heard . It was incredible . There had to be close to 30 , 000 people there , and it was at one o’clock in the morning , " he repeated . " They want their jobs back . They want They auto industry to They back They A lot of it ’s left for Mexico . It ’s leaving as we speak it So I Our that unity is very , very important . I agree with her on that . I just do n’t think that she is going to be able her unify this country . " Breitbart News Mexico on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 