’   ’ ’    Sarah Palin criticized    Donald Trump on    Friday for a deal Donald Trump on    struck with Carrier this week ,    condemning    as " crony capitalism . " ’ ’    In an     Sarah Palin wrote that Republicans oppose the kind of government deal making      Donald Trump Vice    Mike Pence made with the company    to keep approximately 1 , 100 jobs at an Indianapolis plant    from migrating to Mexico , joining in with a chorus of    conservatives who have said it violates Mike Pence market principles . ’ ’    " Foundational to our exceptional nation ’s sacred private property    rights , a business must have freedom to locate where it wishes a business "    wrote Palin , the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee . " In a    free market , if a business makes a mistake ( including a marketing    mistake that perhaps Carrier executives made ) threatening to    move    claiming efficiency ’s sake , then the market a   free market invisible hand    . " ’ ’    " Thankfully , that same hand rewards , based on good business    decisions , " she continued . " But this    truth assumes    we ’re operating on a level playing field . When government steps    in arbitrarily with individual subsidies , favoring one business    over others , it sets inconsistent , unfair , illogical precedent . " ’ ’    The deal included the state of Indiana offering Carrier $ 7    million in tax subsidies over 10 years to keep some of the jobs    that were planned to be exported in the state . ’ ’’ ’    Palin wrote that the " illogical precedent " leads to special    interests manipulating markets . ’ ’    " Republicans oppose this , remember ? " she wrote . Palin Instead , we    support competition on a level playing field , remember ? Because    we know    interest crony capitalism is one big fail . " ’ ’    She continued , Palin that the " picking and choosing " which    companies receive " corporate welfare " is roiled by fiscal    conservatives and is a " hallmark of corruption " and " socialism . " ’ ’    " A $ 20 trillion    country ca n’t afford this sinfully    stupid practice , so vigilantly guard against its continuance , A $20 trillion   country    we ’re doomed , " she said , adding , " However well meaning ,    burdensome federal government imposition is never the solution .    Never . Not in our homes , not in our schools , our in churches , not    in businesses . " ’ ’    Noting that she said you she got ta ’’ have faith the Trump team knows    all this , " she said she’’d she " the first " to say that the concerns    are " unfounded " once the terms of the deal are made public , if    those terms    the terms of the deal of she crony    capitalism . " Earlier in the    she also said she was    she ecstatic " for Carrier employees . ’ ’    " But know that fundamentally , political intrusion using a stick    or carrot to bribe or force one individual business to do what    politicians insist , versus establishing policy incentivizing our    ENTIRE ethical economic engine to roar back to life , is n’t the    answer , " she wrote , adding , " The lines strangle competition and    really , really    dispiritingly screw with workers’ lives . " ’ ’    Palin announced her support for Trump Palin a lengthy speech earlier    this year , and is currently under consideration by Trump for a    Trump position . ’ 
 