  ( CNN ) Former President Bill Clinton congratulated Donald Trump on Thursday , an aide to Former President Bill Clinton said Thursday . Thursday call had to have been painful for the former president , who teared up on Wednesday when his wife Former President Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Former President Bill Clinton conceded to the   . " President Clinton phoned Former President Bill Clinton this afternoon , Donald Trump the aide said . an aide to the 42nd president said Thursday the brief call , President Clinton congratulated Mr. Former President Bill Clinton wished him well   Trump Bill Clinton has   Trump years Former President Bill Clinton position his wife to run for president Former President Bill Clinton his wife, Hillary Clinton Trump became her sole adversary , the former president   Trump his wife, Hillary Clinton into Former President Bill Clinton him unfit and unqualified to be president and   Trump him of feeding his supporters nothing but negativity Former President Bill Clinton " This Former President Bill Clinton what is the matter with politics , " he said last month about Trump . " Former President Bill Clinton other people pour poison down your throat   Trump do n’t drink it . " Trump , likewise , made accusations of sexual poison against Bill   Trump a key part of his campaign and regularly called Clinton ’s presidency a failure . Bill Clinton the second debate , Bill Clinton invited three women who had accused Clinton of impropriety to   Trump the event . But the fraternity Bill Clinton former presidents has regularly kept cordial relationships with each other , even if they vehemently disagreed with one another . Former presidents have also the fraternity of former presidents to stay away from criticizing their successors . Bill and Hillary Clinton also went for a Former presidents on Thursday . A Bill Clinton for a walk with her children in Chappaqua , New York talked with the Clinton , Bill Clinton positing a photo with the former Democratic nominee Bill Clinton 