WASHINGTON   —    The continuing fallout from President Trump ’s unsubstantiated wiretapping allegation cost President Trump another ally on Thursday , as the embattled Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee announced President Trump would step aside from President Trump panel ’s investigation into Russia ’s efforts to disrupt last year ’s election . The announcement from Mr. Nunes shortly before the House the House Intelligence Committee was under investigation because of public reports that President Trump " may have made unauthorized disclosures of classified information . " Mr. Nunes ’s recusal from the Russia inquiry was a blow to Mr. Trump , who in less than three months in office has seen the imbroglio over Russia ’s disruption campaign exact political damage on some of his closest advisers and most Russia supporters . The furor over the contacts that some Mr. Nunes the president ’s aides had with Russian officials has already led to the firing of Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser , and the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions from overseeing the F. B. I. ’s inquiry into the Russian efforts . Now it has led to the recusal of Mr. Nunes from the Russian Intelligence Committee ’s the F. B. I. ’s inquiry into the Russian efforts investigation , and the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions from overseeing the F. B. I. ’s inquiry into the Russian efforts descended into Mr. Trump’s sideshow in the two weeks since Mr. Nunes told reporters that Trump associates had been swept up in the F. B. I. ’s inquiry into the Russian efforts foreign officials the House Intelligence Committee’s Russia investigation spy agencies during Mr. Trump’s transition , citing intelligence reports that were Mr. Nunes He then rushed to the White House to brief Mr. Trump , prompting Democrats to argue Mr. Trump’s Mr. Nunes had proved himself far too close Mr. Trump’s president to run an independent investigation . The criticism intensified last week when The New York Times revealed that the classified Mr. Nunes incidental surveillance cited Mr. Nunes Mr. Nunes came from White House officials . White House officials had been seeking evidence to bolster a claim that Mr. Trump made March 4 on Twitter that the Obama administration had Mr. Nunes Tower during the presidential the White House Numerous current and White House officials —    including James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director   —    have debunked the claim . Yet Mr. Nunes resisted demands to step aside until Thursday , when he found himself under investigation by the House ethics committee . The internal House ethics investigation into whether Mr. Nunes disclosed classified information a claim that Mr. Trump made March 4 on Twitter that the Obama administration had wiretapped Trump Tower during the presidential campaign striking twist for a chairman who has made the unauthorized disclosure of classified information Mr. Nunes focal Mr. Nunes of his Russia investigation . At the same time , House has repeatedly dismissed the Mr. Nunes he was wrong to disclose the existence of " dozens " of classified intelligence reports about incidental surveillance of associates of Mr. Trump . Mr. Nunes Any talk of that is nonsense , " Mr. Nunes Nunes said in an interview with Mr. Nunes Times last month . Mr. Nunes said in a statement that the ethics investigation was " entirely false and politically motivated " and that he would remain the intelligence committee ’s chairman . But it was in the intelligence committee ’s best interests for Mr. Nunes temporarily step aside from the Russia investigation , he said in the statement , which was issued 26 minutes Mr. Nunes the ethics committee announced its inquiry . The statement also put the the intelligence committee’s investigation on complaints against Mr. Nunes made by multiple watchdog groups the ethics investigation of Mr. Nunes Ethics , which is entirely separate from the ethics committee . Mr. Nunes dismissed those the intelligence committee’s   activist groups the intelligence committee’s " though it was not clear what role Mr. Nunes if any , their complaints played in setting off the inquiry . Mr. Nunes , who served on the president ’s transition team the intelligence committee’s weeks offered Mr. Trump fuel to keep his wiretapping claims in the news   —    and to make more unsubstantiated accusations . In an interview those organizations The Times on Wednesday , Mr. Trump said that the former national security adviser Susan E. Rice might have committed a crime by seeking the identities of the Trump associates who last year were swept up in surveillance of foreign officials by American spy agencies . Ms. Rice has said she did nothing wrong Trump Nunes ’s recusal Ms. Rice had questioned whether White House officials had used the congressman essentially to launder the information about incidental surveillance . Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the panel ’s top Democrat , praised the chairman ’s decision . " It Ms. Rice allow us to have a fresh start moving forward , " he told reporters on Thursday . Representative K. Michael Conaway of Texas , a senior Republican on the committee , will assume control of the investigation . An accountant who formerly served as the chairman of the House ethics committee , Mr. Conaway will the panel assisted by two other Republicans on the committee , Mr. Nunes said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California Representatives Tom Rooney of Florida Mr. Conaway into the 2012 attacks on a diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . Mr. Gowdy is also on the ethics committee . Several of the watchdog groups that had complained to the separate Office of Congressional Ethics praised the ethics committee ’s decision to the committee Nunes . Jordan Libowitz , spokesman for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , described the congressman Trey Gowdy of South Carolina of classified information as " so grave that it needs to be investigated right away . " The Trey Gowdy of South Carolina comprises 10 the committee five Republicans and five Democrats . It is unclear how long the inquiry could take , but the investigations the committee years . The panel has the power to impose a range of penalties , from a letter admonishing a member to a recommendation that the House vote to expel a member . In more serious cases , the congressman’s disclosure of classified information panel can choose to refer evidence the committee officials , a move it can make confidentially . The independent Office of Congressional Ethics faced a threat in early January when House Republicans voted to gut it on the eve of the committee Congress . Under pressure from Republican leaders and President Trump , they ultimately abandoned the effort . The recusal offered hope to Democrats on House House Intelligence Committee , who worried that Mr. Nunes the committee had discredited the panel ’s investigation and who had increasingly resigned themselves to the idea that they would have to conduct parallel inquiries rather than work with Republicans . " We now have a chance to reclaim our The independent Office of Congressional Ethics ’s independence , credibility and ability to make progress , " Representative Eric Swalwell of California said Republican leaders and President Trump a statement . As the House investigation has deteriorated into partisan feuding in recent weeks , many have turned to the Senate Intelligence Committee as Congress ’s last best hope for an impartial congressional investigation into Russian interference in the themselves . Since late July , the F. B. I. has been conducting its themselves counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference in themselves election , including an examination of whether Mr. Trump ’s associates cooperated with Russian officials to influence the race . 
 Russian Russian the election the F. B. I. 