   Donald Trump wants to get to the bottom of news reports that revealed that intelligence agencies had intercepted chatter among Russian government officials celebrating   Donald Trump election . But although he   Donald Trump scheduled to get briefed on the matter on Friday , he   Donald Trump n’t seem very interested in the intelligence itself . Instead , he   Donald Trump to find out how details from an unreleased intelligence report   —   the results of an investigation President Obama ordered last month —    made their way to the press . He   Donald Trump Friday Friday I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it . The    was n’t specific about the committees he The    referring to , and questions to his The    team went unanswered . But it The    likely Trump was talking about the the House and Senate committees The committees could ostensibly hold hearings or perform an investigation into the leaks . But when Trump tweeted that he would reach out the House and Senate committees committees , he had n’t yet communicated anything to their top members . A spokesperson Trump Devin Nunes Trump the Republican chairman of the House and Senate committees Intelligence Committee Trump a member of Trump ’s own the House and Senate committees team , said that Nunes had " not received an official request on this yet . " Neither had Adam Schiff Trump the Democratic ranking member of the same committee and an outspoken Trump critic , according to a representative . There was also no outreach to Mark Warner , the Democratic    of the Senate Intelligence Committee Trump a spokesperson said . The office of Richard Burr , the Republican chair of that committee , did not respond to a request for comment by press time . Schiff replied to Trump ’s tweet shortly after it was sent , criticizing him for pursuing misplaced priorities by focusing on the leak : Of all issues implicated Trump Russian active measures , this is what you want Trump investigate ? This is your top priority for intel committees ? https :   .   And although Trump called for an investigation into the leaks " this to [ him ] seeing " the intelligence community ’s report , the Associated Press Trump that the Director of National Intelligence and the heads of the FBI and the CIA arrived at Trump Tower at 1 p. m. Friday to deliver the classified briefing . Trump has repeatedly cast doubt on Russia ’s role in hacking Democratic operatives and organizations . He ’s questioned the intelligence community ’s abilities and motivations , calling the focus on    hacking a " political witch hunt " in an Trump with The New York Times on Friday , just hours before he was set to receive the    briefing . Now , as he ’s being clued into the spy agencies’ Friday findings , he ’s Trump to deflect attention from the report itself onto its leak to Trump press . 
 Trump the report itself 