  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is coming to the end of President Donald Trump first 100 days in office , and everyone has an opinion about President Donald Trump performance . We asked  (CNN) contributors and analysts to weigh on the good , the bad and the what comes next of President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days . The opinions expressed in these commentaries are solely those of the authors . Jennifer Granholm : With a ’honeymoon’ like this , divorce ca n’t come soon enough President Donald Trump President Donald Trump complete 103 agenda items during his first 100 President Donald Trump in office . Of those , he has completed President Donald Trump   —    all aided by his    powers President Donald Trump That ’s an F grade by any measure .   The first 100 days are supposed to be a honeymoon for the new president to start accomplishing his or her the new president . A honeymoon as bad as Trump ’s is a big red flag that the marriage is n’t going to be any good , either . Despite his    deal the marriage " abilities , " Trump has failed Trump convince his own    Trump to pass a single piece of legislation that he promised in Trump " Contract Trump the American Voter " for the first 100 days    not one . His major executive Trump are being blocked by courts . The Republican replacement plan for Obamacare would rip away health care from 26 million Americans and cause premiums for those with preexisting conditions to explode . Trump is    us into another war . His budget slashes Trump for everything from arts and research funding to after school programs to Meals on Wheels to food for poor women , infants , and children . His tax plan Trump a massive gift to millionaires and billionaires , paid for with trillions in debt to China .    In contrast , President Obama fulfilled substantial achievements in his ambitious first President Obama days . With the backing of Leaders Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid , Democrats laid the groundwork for the economic recovery that led to more than 15 million new jobs , saved the auto industry , took steps to protect equal pay for equal work in the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , provided 4 million children with health insurance , and passed a federal budget reflecting our ideals     all major pieces of legislation that had significant , positive impact on the lives of Americans . Presidents Obama and Trump both realize that the first 100 days of a new president ’s administration are critical because the first three months , in theory and in practice , are when she or he is at their most popular she or he able to use that political clout to accomplish things . Ronald Reagan ’s first 100 days gave him a 68 Ronald Reagan approval rating , George W. Bush ’s approval was 62 percent , and Barack Obama ’s approval was at 65 percent .   Donald Trump is at a meager 40 percent approval     the most unpopular    president in history .   In other words , Trump ’s honeymoon Donald Trump worst we ’ve seen in modern times . As we take stock of President Trump ’s honeymoon Donald Trump first 100 days are Donald Trump window into the damage he could do in the Donald Trump 100 days , and the next 100 after that .   The marriage looks rocky . Divorce , in this case , ca n’t come soon enough .    Grade : F , Jennifer Granholm is the former governor and former attorney general of Michigan and a CNN contributor . Rick Santorum : I hope the president has learned that knowledge is king   Let me begin by throwing cold water on the next 200 words : The first hundred days paradigm is a concoction of the Washington chattering class .   That said , I ’ll play the parlor game and give you my report card of President Trump ’s first hundred days . The greatest victory of President Trump ’s first hundred President Trump without a doubt the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court . The promise of a strict constructionist justice to replace Antonin Scalia is why many hesitant conservatives voted for a candidate they did not fully embrace . many hesitant conservatives On this count , Donald Trump reassured the skeptical and President Trump not the next 100 days , but the next generation of American jurisprudence .   As for losses , everyone points to health reform . Indeed , Trump did lose the first battle principally President Trump he delegated the bill drafting to the President Trump , then tried to pass Speaker Ryan ’s failed bill . The President was a quick study and learned the policy as the bill was being renegotiated , but Speaker Ryan’s failed bill too late . I hope the president has learned knowledge is king in The President The President needs to understand the complexities of this The President issues so he can shape the battlefield and lead the charge instead The President trying to rally soldiers in full retreat .   Grade : solid B , Rick Santorum is a former Republican Senator from Pennsylvania and a contributor to CNN .   Errol Louis : Trump missed the honeymoon because there was never a marriage , President Trump ’s low public approval numbers suggest that the Trump is already over . Only 44 % of adult Americans approve of his performance so far , with 54 % disapproving     by Trump the worst numbers of any president at this point in his term since modern polling began .   Trump missed the Trump because there was never a marriage . Instead of the   honeymoon to Democratic leaders in Congress or trying to woo supporters of Hillary Clinton , Trump spent much of his first three months antagonizing Democrats on social Trump , scrambling to Trump his staff and squelch nagging questions about Russian interference in the 2016 Trump . That did n’t leave much time or energy to focus on his main agenda items . It ’s telling that the Trump ’s Trump aides who appear to That getting the most Trump the men with substantial Washington experience , especially Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who spent a dozen years in the Justice Department and a decade as a senator on Capitol Hill . While Beltway newcomers like Treasury chief Steve Mnuchin and Secretary of State Tillerson have stumbled out of the gate , Sessions has made aggressive moves to curb funding for sanctuary cities and review    consent decrees and other reforms .   Trump ’s single best move for the future will be to tone down the    antagonism by staging meaningful    visits and policy speeches aimed at core Democratic constituencies , including women , blacks , Latinos , and young people . It ’s never too late to hope for a honeymoon .   Grade :    Errol Louis is a CNN political commentator and the host of " Inside City Hall , " a nightly political show on NY1 , a New York    channel . SE Cupp : Until his supporters care , what we say about Trump matters very little , It ’s clear by most any metric , President Trump ’s first 100 Trump in office have amounted to a fairly Trump record . But as a limited government conservative , I ’m hardly disappointed . That the era of big government programs , sweeping reform and overreach has seemingly come to an abrupt halt     whether by design or default     is nothing to mourn .    For those of us who never thought Trump could make good on many of his promises     to rip up various Trump bad deals " on day 1 Trump to replace Obamacare quickly , to build a wall that Mexico pays for , to stamp out ISIS easily     our measure of his first few months is irrelevant . Nor does it really matter what his Trump on the left and in the media think of how he ’s Trump . All that matters is whether or not his supporters approve Trump And by that measurement , he ’s doing just fine Trump According to a new ABC    Post poll Trump Trump ’s approval is at record lows . But among his supporters ?    percent say they would vote for him again . That Trump a staggering figure , considering percent few promises he Trump managed to keep . Further , the poll indicates that if the Trump were held today , he could beat a new ABC   Post poll again and win the popular vote . The pundit Trump can hem and haw all it wants about how    it is that Trump ’s accomplished so little in his The pundit class 100 days . his first 100 days that he Trump Trump’s until his supporters Trump , our assessments matter little . Grade : B Trump S. E. Cupp his supporters care Trump a    program covering contemporary issues and a CNN political commentator . Van Jones : This CNN will prove hardest to forgive    100 years from now , Americans will have harsh words about Trump ’s first 100 days . But no day will more represent the lasting damage than day 89 . That Trump really saying something . After all , this president is President Obama scandal , from Russia ’s undue influence to business conflicts of interest . He has tried and President Obama three times to ban Muslims from America . Turnout at protests dwarfed his meager inaugural crowd President Obama His    attorney general President Obama himself and has pushed outdated criminal justice policies opposed by many in both parties . Nominees have withdrawn , his close ally Michael His   attorney general resigned in disgrace , and health care went down in flames in the face of town hall outrage . In fact , Sen. Mitch McConnell can claim more credit for the sole bright spot for Republicans     now Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch     than can Trump . But the U. S. Supreme Court , April 18     day 89     scientists recorded the first carbon dioxide reading above 410 parts per million . On that day , one thing became clear : the potentially catastrophic impact of Trump ’s decision to single out the Environmental Protection Agency for the greatest budget cuts of any agency . Now is the Trump for a US president to deny the reality of climate science . Of all his sins , this one will prove the hardest to forgive . Grade : F minus ( the minus is because he let down his a US president followers , too ) Van Jones is a CNN political commentator . Kayleigh McEnany : A truly CNN president   a US president beneath the a US president headlines is the portrait of Van Jones who has defied his party , not only in word but in action .   Tax credits for health care , preservation of preexisting conditions provisions and withdrawing from Kayleigh McEnany: A truly   president  Buried beneath the salacious headlines trade deals combine to tell the story of a president who puts people before party . Despite initial blips with the temporary travel halt and health care , President Trump is well on his President Obama . Trump is Trump    president . Grade Trump    Kayleigh McEnany Trump a CNN commentator and a contributor Trump The Hill . CNN Aaron David Miller : What Trump has learned     and not learned     Kayleigh McEnany: A truly   president  Buried beneath the salacious headlines Capitol Hill ’s a lot you can do in Trump days : begin taking guitar lessons , lose weight or start an exercise program . But the    metric really ca n’t tell you much about what kind of foreign policy president Donald Trump might become . It is a useful indicator of   whether he Trump job . Here are my takeaways of the learned and unlearned     so far : Campaigning was Trump . But I ca n’t run foreign policy that way . I ’ve changed my views on almost every issue     from scuttling the Iran nuclear accord to declaring NATO obsolete to questioning the value of the One China policy     and tacked back to more traditional positions in line with Obama and the Republican party establishment , too . The question now is can my administration develop not positions but policies to navigate a complex world . Foreign policy is n’t the real estate business I need help . This foreign policy stuff is harder than I thought . I really needed adult supervision and , I ’m getting it from Mattis McMaster Tillerson . I actually listen to them     most of the time . America first does n’t mean America only . I ca n’t just beat up or bully other nations . I may actually adult supervision their help , like China on North Korea who adult supervision maybe even NATO . America I ’m still looking to do a deal with that guy Putin . I ’m still Donald Trump . And I intend to continue adult supervision and saying President Trump China of inappropriate things that will confuse and worry our allies and ’m US credibility . Just today I retweeted Nigel Farage ’s criticism of ’m Macron . I sure hope that Le Pen lady wins .   Grade : " Incomplete minus " Aaron David Miller is a vice president and distinguished scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . He was also a Middle East negotiator in Democratic and Republican administrations . Jen Psaki : Trump ’s biggest failure is Aaron David Miller   Washington , D. C. is the only place in the country that marks Trump up to the Aaron David Miller 100 days of a presidency with such fanfare .   But this short period of time does give a hint as to how any president will approach his time in office .   How he will govern and lead the country .   Despite the fact that Trump has not passed a single piece of significant legislation , has proposed a    bill that would leave tens of millions without any president , his supporters are loyal and any president Trump to be sticking the country .   But governing is not about just speaking to your hardcore supporters , it his supporters reaching out to the his supporters country .   And of all of the ups and downs any president the first 100 downs , that is his biggest failure any president Jen Psaki , a CNN political commentator and spring fellow at the Georgetown CNN governing Politics and Public Service , the country White House communications director and State Department spokeswoman during the Obama administration . Alice Stewart : It ’s a work in progress   If you lay down a marker in Gettysburg , you need to mean it .   In 1863 , Abraham Lincoln made meaningful history addressing freedom , equality and unity in Obama in 2016 , President Trump outlined his    action plan to " Make America Great Again "     it ’s safe to say that ’s a work in you lay down a marker in Gettysburg . To date , President Trump Trump through on Trump initiatives by signing executive orders , but Gettysburg yet America achieve meaningful legislative success . President Trump ’s five biggest accomplishments include :   1 . Trump on his commitment to confirm a    justice with Justice Neil Gorsuch , 2 . Withdrawing from the    Partnership , Trump Moving forward with construction of the Keystone Pipeline , 4 . Reducing federal Trump , 5 . Curtailing funding to Planned Parenthood . Five most significant unfulfilled promises :   1 . Repealing and replacing Obamacare , 2 . Providing " the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan " ( he ’s provided some ideas in this direction , but it ’s unclear how he intends to organize and get a plan passed by Congress ) 3 . Labeling China a currency manipulator , 4 . Building a wall that Mexico will pay for , 5 . Suspending visas from Ronald Reagan terror prone regions . "   While President Trump ’s road to the Ronald Reagan House was paved with good intentions it ’s time to Mexico China on legislative accomplishments . I expect the second 100 days to include progress in health care Trump reform .   It ’s clear President Trump has learned that governing is more difficult than campaigning .   Grade : C+ Alice Stewart is a CNN President Trump’s road to the White House commentator and former communications director for Ted CNN for President . Michael D’Antonio : Trump be presidential , but sometimes beneath his office , We saw President Trump’s road to the White House best of the Donald Trump presidency when he met with China ’s President Xi Jinping and then Alice Stewart China was not a currency manipulator . This announcement , amid worsening tensions with North Korea , showed Trump Trump be presidential and pursue the interest of the Michael D’Antonio and the world by abandoning a campaign slogan . Likewise China Trump Michael D’Antonio recognition that NATO is not obsolete demonstrated China could play well with others Trump His worst moment came with his unsubstantiated North Korea that President Obama tapped the phones at Trump Tower . This was a destructive Trump use of his old     tactic , intended Trump confuse and distract the press and NATO . It was beneath Trump office . Grade : A gentleman ’s    below average but above failing   Michael D’Antonio is the author of the book " Never Enough : Donald Trump and the Pursuit President Obama Success " ( St. Martin ’s Press ) .   Yascha Mounk : The gap between Trump President Obama words and actions matters This   If his office at Donald Trump ’s words over the Trump days , all of the Michael D’Antonio have come true . After an unorthodox inaugural address , Trump continued to break Trump basic democratic norm : He has spread " alternative facts , Trump against " " judges , and called major news outlets " enemies of the American people . " The presidency has not made Donald Trump more presidential . If you look at Donald Trump ’s actions over the last 100 days , by contrast , the Trump much more mixed . I strongly disagree with Trump on many of his policies , from immigration to health care . But he has also seemed to Trump key issues , including NATO the Donald Trump presidency relationship with key allies . More importantly , he has you look at Donald Trump of Trump even as he Trump loudly the last 100 days of vowing to disobey Trump Ninth Circuit ’s rulings against his executive orders , for example , Trump merely tweeted : " See you in the Trump NATO ! " Looking forward , a lot will depend Trump the U. S. Supreme Court Trump starts to act on his rhetoric . If his extreme statements will continue to Trump but so much hot air , Trump democratic norms will continue to take a the independence of institutions , but the worst damage will be avoided . But if Trump starts to walk Trump scary talk , the Trump four years could Trump a lot worse than the first 100 days have been . Yascha Mounk is the author of the new book , " The Age of Responsibility : Luck , Choice , and Trump Welfare State . Trump   Steve Israel : On Day 101 , Trump needs to reach across the aisle , The best decisions Trump made in his first 100 days were nominating Gen. Mattis as defense secretary and replacing Michael Flynn with Gen. McMaster as National Security Adviser .   In a volatile and complex security environment , Trump strategic and experienced leaders like McMaster and Mattis within the Trump is reassuring . They are , unfortunately , the exception to the rule Day 101 President Trump has reneged on one of his most basic and important campaign promises , Steve Israel was to " drain the swamp . " Between the investigations into Russia ’s involvement in the election surrounding himself with people like Steve Bannon , Jeff Sessions , the Obama administration Betsy DeVos refusing to release his Trump and Gen. McMaster as National Security Adviser access to the White House visitors’ logs , strategic and experienced leaders like McMaster and Mattis swamp has become a sewer .   As Day 101 approaches , President Trump must begin Trump reach across the aisle , not only to Democrats in Congress , who he will need in Trump to pass legislation Trump the government functioning     but to regular Americans who did not vote for him . There is Trump a large portion of the American public that feel alienated by him and the rhetoric and policies he has the swamp If Trump wants to be a successful leader , he does n’t need everyone ’s support , Trump the aisle more people in Trump corner than the members Trump the Freedom Caucus .   Finally , Trump this : No Member of Congress cares about Trump president ’s first 100 Trump . They ’re focused on the last 100 days before their midterm elections . And right now , for many Republicans , those days are getting dark . Grade : D , Former US Rep. Steve Israel , a Democrat from New York , is chairman of the Global Institute at Long Island University and a CNN contributor .   Jeffrey Lord : Napoleon would CNN jealous   Somewhere Napoleon is Congress . Exiled to Elba , he escaped his island prison in 1815 , marching on Paris . The They of Vienna declared him an outlaw , armies massed , and the last 100 days before their midterm elections met his Waterloo . This period of turbulent French history immediately acquired a   name : " les Cent Jours "    the Hundred Days . Over a century later , as President Franklin D. Roosevelt took office in the middle of the Great Depression , Napoleon press of the day resurrected the term Napoleon describe Napoleon whirlwind of activity that was the opening act of FDR ’s New Deal . Napoleon or unfairly , the term has been Napoleon to every Napoleon since . Now , it ’s President Trump ’s turn . While the President calls the measurement " ridiculous , " the White House has still put out volumes listing accomplishments . A Supreme Court appointment has been his best achievement . The new Justice Gorsuch will presumably the U. S. Supreme Court for decades as a conservative Trump are 24 executive orders on the Trump list , with seriously important ones such as President Obama Keystone Pipeline the term action in Syria is certainly on the list . Health Trump the term come the White House by the    deadline . But there will still be 1 , 341 days to go in Trump ’s Trump . Napoleon could only wish for that much time . Grade : Thanks to the health care delay , an    Jeffrey Lord is a CNN political commentator . the Keystone Pipeline served in CNN Reagan administration as a White House political adviser .   Sally Kohn Trump Still sad , CNN asked me to write 100 words that the Trump list Trump ’s first 100 days .   Here they are : Nothing .   Zip .   Zilch .   Zero .   Diddly .   Squat Trump Napoleon .   Zippo .   Zot .   Negatory .   Nada the Obama administration .   Nix . Ronald Reagan Nyet .   Hot air the White House Nothingburger .   Goose egg .   an   Jeffrey Lord promises .   Empty promises .    Also :   Calamitous .   Irresponsible .   Inexperienced .   Unprepared .   Undisciplined .   Uninformed .   Unimproved .   Unpopular .   Bumbling .   Embarrassing .   Flimsy .   Flailing .   Failing .   Harmful .   Hurtful .   Hateful .   Shortsighted .    .   Irrelevant .   Puny .   Piddling .   Paltry .   Petty .   Immature .   Infantile .   Impulsive .   Trite .   Tiresome .   Stale .   Superficial .   Small .   Meager .   Impotent .   Limp .   Obstructive .   Destructive .   Damaging .   Distracted .   Despised .   Backwards .   Reckless .   Bumbling .   Bungling .   Blind .   Arrogant .   Rude .   Mean .   Tacky .   Trigger happy .   Evasive .   LYING .   Vacuous .   Vapid .   Vacant .   Vacationing .   Meaningless .   Frivolous .   Oblivious .   Sloppy .   Silly .   Empty .   Outvoted .   Overruled .   Overturned .   Null .   Void .   Inane .   Inept .   Negligent .   Negligible .   Naïve .   Juvenile .   Bumbling.   Disappointing .   Underwhelming .    And sad .      And PS     the next 100 days , and even 1 , 000 days , do n’t look much better . Trump has so far shown he does n’t have the patience to translate any of his bluster into action and , meanwhile , keeps hurting America ’s standing in the world with his petty short tempered arrogance . Still sad .   Grade : F , Sally Kohn is an activist Trump columnist and CNN political Trump . Salena Zito : Accomplishments are CNN the eyes Trump the beholder , Donald J. Trump ’s presidency is under the microscope by the press for Trump accomplishments in his first 100 days in office for my profession , his measurement is taken by the campaign promises that he pledged during the 2016 the world But for voters who supported him , that measurement Trump be different . As Brad Todd once noted and I reported , Trump took his Trump seriously , but Sally Kohn: Still sad . The press took Trump word literally and his candidacy not very seriously Trump If you are judging his (St. Martin’s Press).   his literal use of Trump     something he does casually and without the same meaning as journalists or traditional politicians     he has fallen behind on Trump pledge on a number of things reforming Obamacare , the travel restrictions from countries Trump known terrorist activities and building a wall between the Trump and Mexico his measurement if you voted for him Trump view his actions his rhetoric have told me in hundreds of interviews Trump the country that they Trump the Donald Trump presidency take time on Capitol Hill ( health care , the wall , the budget ) that activist judges have always been a thorn in every president ’s side ( travel restriction Trump order and Trump cities ) . Their view of his accomplishments is optimistic they are thrilled that he is constantly meeting with company executives , union and trade groups and car manufacturers . They like his executive orders on regulations , Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court and his willingness to hold open discussion with the leaders of China and the U. S. Supreme Court are in the eyes of the beholder and voters Voters willing to give the president time to accomplish his goals as long as he is viewed as rolling up his sleeves and fighting for them and their community ’s needs . Washington will always measure him differently     essentially because he Voters so his accomplishments in his first 100 days in office for my profession executive status quo , Voters not view the executive class with the same chumminess that other presidents have and he does not value words Voters President Obama executive that they do President Obama Grade : Voters who President Obama him give him executive A President Obama Salena Zito is a CNN contributor and national political reporter for the Washington CNN . President Obama President Obama President Obama President Obama President Obama Salena Zito voters voters other presidents 