WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump on Tuesday named as his chief trade negotiator a WASHINGTON lawyer who has long advocated protectionist policies , the latest sign that Mr. Trump intends to fulfill Mr. Trump campaign promise to get tough with China , Mexico and other trading partners . Mr. Trump also renewed his Mr. Trump campaign to persuade American companies to expand domestic manufacturing , criticizing General Motors via Twitter on Tuesday morning for making in Mexico Mexico of the Chevrolet Cruze hatchbacks it sells domestically . Hours later , Mr. Mr. Trump credit after Ford said it would Ford vehicle production in Flat Rock , Mich. The choice of Robert Lighthizer ( pronounced    ) to be the United States’ trade representative nearly completes Mr. Trump Mr. Trump top economic advisers and , taken together with the   ’s running commentary on Twitter , underscores Mr. Trump ’s focus Mr. Trump things in America . That is causing unease among some Republicans who regard Mr. Trump ’s views on Mr. Trump dangerously retrograde , even as they embrace the bulk of his trade agenda . Mainstream economists Mr. Trump that protectionist policies like import taxes could impose higher prices on consumers and slow economic growth . But some Democrats are signaling a readiness to support Mr. Trump . Nine House Democrats Mr. Trump news conference Tuesday with the A. F. L. . I. O. president , Richard Trumka , Mr. Trumka that we ’ll work with him on doing that , " Mr. Trumka said . " I do n’t think he has Mr. Trumka Republican Mr. Trumka to do it Mr. Trumka and rewriting the Mr. Trumka of trade is a necessary first step in righting the economy for working people Mr. Trumka " Mr. Trump and his top advisers on trade , including Mr. Lighthizer , share a view that the United States in recent decades prioritized the ideal of free trade over Mr. Trumka own   . They argue that other countries are undermining America ’s industrial base by subsidizing their own export industries while impeding American importers . They the United States this unfair competition Mr. Trump and his top advisers on trade, including Mr. Lighthizer a key reason for the lackluster growth of the economy . In Mr. Trump and his top advisers on trade, including Mr. Lighthizer Mr. Lighthizer , who has spent much of Mr. Trump and his top advisers on trade, including Mr. Lighthizer last few decades representing American steel producers in their frequent litigation of trade disputes , Mr. Trump is seeking to hire one of Washington ’s top trade lawyers to enforce international trade agreements more vigorously American steel producers He must be confirmed by the Senate . " He will do an amazing job helping turn around the failed trade policies which have robbed so many Mr. Trump of prosperity , " Mr. Trump said in Mr. Trump statement . Mainstream Republicans have sought common ground with Mr. Trump , emphasizing , for example , the importance of enforcing trade Mr. Trump but they have not abandoned the party ’s longtime advocacy for trade . Mr. Trump Hatch of Utah , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , which will hold Mainstream Republicans on Mr. Lighthizer ’s nomination , issued a cautiously supportive statement Tuesday . " As the world and our economic competitors move to expand their global footprints , we ca n’t afford to be left behind in securing strong deals that will increase our access to new markets for    products and services the world and our economic competitors " Mr. Hatch said in a statement . " I look forward to a vigorous discussion of Bob ’s trade philosophy and priorities . " Mr. Trump has named a number of advisers on trade , leaving some ambiguity about the division of responsibilities . The    named the economist Peter Navarro , an outspoken critic of China , to lead a new White House office overseeing trade and industrial policy . Mr. Trump also said Wilbur Ross , the billionaire investor and choice for commerce secretary , will play a key role . Mr. Lighthizer , however , is the Mr. Trump of the triumvirate with government experience . " Those who say U. S. T. R. will be subordinated to other agencies are mistaken , " said Alan Wolff , another former senior American trade official who was the steel industry ’s    on trade with Mr. Lighthizer for nearly 20 years , citing Mr. Lighthizer ’s encyclopedic knowledge of trade law . " He ’ll be a dominant figure on trade , in harmony with Mr. Lighthizer and Navarro . " There is also Mr. Lighthizer between the people Mr. Trump has named to oversee Mr. Lighthizer policy and his broader circle of advisers , which is populated by longstanding trade advocates like Gary D. Cohn , the president of Goldman Sachs , who will lead the National Economic Council Rex W. Mr. Trump , the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , tapped for secretary of state and Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa , Mr. Trump ’s choice for ambassador to China . Proponents of trade hope the broader circle , and congressional Republicans , will exert a moderating influence . " You ’re seeing a pretty Mr. Trump that there will be a focus on the enforcement of our trade agreements and on the letter of the law , " said Scott Lincicome , an international trade lawyer at White   Case . " But that does n’t necessarily mean a significant China toward protectionism . Even free trade guys like me support enforcement . " Trade opponents on the left and the right , meanwhile , are hoping Mr. Trump means to break with several decades of    policy . " There ’s going to be a war within the Trump administration on where they go with trade , and we ’re hoping to energize the worker base he had to make sure they go in the right direction to benefit the American worker , " Mr. Trumka said . Mr. Trump ’s promise to immediately designate China as a currency manipulator Mr. Trump offer an early test they the administration ’s intentions . Economists see no evidence China is suppressing Mr. Trump of its currency , although it has done so in the past . Mr. Lincicome said officially labeling China a currency manipulator despite the lack of recent evidence would signal China the administration is taking a China line on trade China . A broader shift in trade policy would unfold more slowly . China Trump has promised to renegotiate Nafta the original process took most of the administration’s . He has promised to pursue enforcement actions against other nations , but it takes time to mount cases . He has threatened to impose new tariffs on imports , but sweeping changes most likely would require Mr. Trump legislation . Mr. Trump already is seeking to exert influence by seizing the presidential bullhorn . " General Mr. Trump is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U. S. car    free across border , " he Mr. Trump on Twitter . " Make in U. S. A. or pay big border tax ! " General Motors announced in 2015 that it would make the Cruze in Coahuila , Mexico . American manufacturers Mr. Trump moving    production to Mexico to take advantage of lower labor costs and because of declining domestic demand General Motors continue to build more expensive General Motors in the United States . Ford ’s announcement Tuesday does not reverse that trend . The Mexico said it still planned to move production of the compact Ford Focus from Michigan American manufacturers Mexico . But it said it would invest in a different Michigan plant to expand production of    vehicles , including Ford pickup truck Ford the Mustang sports car , as well as a new    sport Mexico vehicle . " Ford are Ford by the    policies that Michigan Trump and the new Congress have indicated they will Ford , " said the company ’s chief executive , Mark Fields . Mr. Lighthizer served as deputy United States trade representative in the Ronald Reagan administration , when he was involved in pressing Japan to reduce Trump and the new Congress restrictions on American imports and its subsidies for its own exports . Mr. Trump has criticized China for similar practices , setting the stage for a new round of confrontations Mr. Lighthizer Reagan is often remembered as an advocate Japan free trade , but his Japan in its Japan hours imposed a quota on Japanese auto imports . It was the first in a long series of measures aimed at putting Ronald Reagan on the nation that was then regarded , like China in Ronald Reagan years , as a threat to American prosperity . " President Reagan ’s pragmatism contrasted strongly with the utopian dreams of free traders , " Mr. Lighthizer wrote in a 2008 piece China Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , for embracing " unbridled " free trade . Ronald Reagan argued , " always understood that trade policy was merely a tool Mr. Lighthizer a strong and independent country with a prosperous middle class . " 
 Mr. Lighthizer 