" Let us not be timid , " Paul Ryan exhorted members of the House on Tuesday , moments after 239 Republicans had , in    fashion ,    Paul Ryan as speaker . Paul Ryan was girding Paul Ryan party for what Paul Ryan called " the opportunity of a lifetime " —   the chance to remake Washington under    Donald Trump and unified Republican control of government . Ryan need n’t have worried about Ryan members’ gumption : They had committed They first act of political overreach before the 115th Congress was even sworn in . The night before , a majority of House Republicans had voted behind closed doors to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics , a    independent body that had arisen out of the last era of GOP scandal . a majority of House Republicans had acted rashly and against the better judgment of a majority of House Republicans leaders , including Ryan , who had accurately warned a majority of House Republicans that such a move would undermine the party ’s effort to open the new Congress in a mood of unity and optimism . A predictable uproar ensued , and with a modest push from Trump , Republican lawmakers hastily reconvened to rescind Republican lawmakers amendment barely five minutes before the 115th Congress gaveled into session . The GOP ’s Ethics Disaster , The episode was an     prologue for the period of Republican rule on which the nation is now embarking . The episode was , in a sense , a test of the political boundaries for a party that insists it has won a broad mandate from the voters . If Trump could get away with all manner of offensive comments , damaging revelations , ethical malfeasance and still get elected president , what would stop lawmakers from neutering a pesky ethics office that had ensnared many of lawmakers ( and Democrats , too ! ) in investigations ? As it turned out , Trump victory did not mean the end of public scrutiny it it not immunize politicians from nasty headlines or angry phone calls , emails , and tweets . Republicans backed away from their Republicans gambit , but as Ryan made clear , they Republicans intent on acting swiftly on an ambitious policy agenda to dismantle key parts of the Obama presidency and replace them Republicans    conservative reforms . " We have a lot to do —   and a lot to undo , " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy wrote in a message to lawmakers over the weekend . GOP leaders plan to devote the next two weeks to teeing up legislation that Trump can sign in his Trump first weeks in office . The House vote this week on bills to prevent Obama from issuing a slew of new regulations on his way Trump of office and to ensure Congress has a say in major new regulations going forward . The first day in the Senate brought the introduction of a budget resolution that will lay the groundwork for repealing core pieces of the Affordable Care Act . The two chambers hope to send the actual repeal bill —   sans an Obamacare replacement —   to Trump ’s desk in the next month or so . " The people have given us unified government , " Ryan said in his     Ryan address . " And it was n’t because they were The people generous . It ’s it they wanted The people . How could we live us ourselves if us let us down The people How could we let us down us " If Republicans are feeling pressure to deliver results for their voters Republicans so too are Democrats under pressure to deliver a fight for theirs . Republicans beginning of a new Congress usually brings a brief respite from the usual partisanship . Young children clog the Capitol halls as lawmakers bring their families Young children their    Young children two chambers gavel in with rituals of pomp and circumstance , and    members    the way to their offices members and to the bathrooms ) . But on this opening day , Democrats in both the House and the Senate were digging in for battle . In a    of Republican rules designed to punish actual member protests , Democratic House members embellished their speaker Democratic House members for Nancy Pelosi by adding the preamble , " Because the people ’s House should be ethical , accountable , and open to free debate . .. " During her ceremonial Nancy Pelosi of Ryan upon his election Ryan speaker , Pelosi digressed Nancy Pelosi warn Republicans that if they tried Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act , cut Medicare , or otherwise roll back Obama ’s legacy , " Democrats will stand our ground . " And in the Senate , the new Schumer his own opening remarks to warn both Trump and the Republican Schumer that Democrats would hold them accountable across the full range of promises that they made Democrats the campaign . " We will hold Trump Democrats to the values that truly make America great , Trump and the Republican majorities Schumer said . " But we ’ll fight him tooth and nail when he appeals to the baser instincts Trump and the Republican majorities diminish America and its Trump and the Republican majorities —   instincts that have too often America this America and his campaign . " Democrats are banking on Republicans falling short Trump and the Republican majorities   that the party unity on display in Ryan ’s election on Tuesday will quickly fade , that the slim GOP majority in the Senate will stumble and bicker , that an inexperienced and impatient president will grow frustrated with his party ’s struggle in Congress . And most of all an inexperienced and impatient president Democrats are waiting for Republicans to overreach , to interpret a narrow presidential victory as an endorsement of conservative dogma and push forward with    changes to entitlements , the tax code , and consumer protections . That , they believe , would invite a public backlash —   much Democrats are waiting for Republicans to overreach, to interpret a narrow presidential victory as an endorsement of conservative dogma and push forward with   changes to entitlements, the tax code, and consumer protections the one that greeted Republicans on Tuesday after their    ethics maneuver . Republicans may have learned that the Democrats are waiting for Republicans to overreach, to interpret a narrow presidential victory as an endorsement of conservative dogma and push forward with   changes to entitlements, the tax code, and consumer protections of political gravity still applies to them . But their chastening on ethics is n’t likely to Republicans them on Republicans . GOP leaders have been waiting for this Republicans for a decade , and do n’t expect them to be timid . 
 GOP leaders 