Welcome to illreitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   All times eastern .   —    9:33 :    agitators in Virginia promoting violence . There have reportedly been five arrests so far outside of Trump ’s event : Flyer being handed out at # Trump protest calls for responding to violence with violence . pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June 11 , 2016 ,   VIDEO : Police rushing to get more equipment and shields as # Trump protest escalates pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June 11 , 2016 ,   9:20 : Trump emphasizes that Trump is the " least racist " person and mocks the " Never Trump " crowd . Trump says Trump ’s not honorable for people to not honor the unity pledge . Trump specifically mentions Jeb ! for not being honorable . 9:15 : Trump continues to court Sanders ’s supporters . Trump ’s now blasting the Bergdahl deal . Trump in Richmond : " Where are you Bernie ? Trump in Richmond: " love you Bernie , Bernie ’s okay , Trump gets a little nasty + a little cranky every once in a while "   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) June 11 , 2016 ,   8:56 : Without mentioning Tom Bradley , Trump in Richmond: " refers to the Bradley Effect and says the " opposite " could happen with Trump in Richmond: " this election where voters tell    voters are against Trump in Richmond: " but end up voting for Trump in Richmond: " in the privacy of the voting booth , where there is no social pressure . 8:53 : Trump in Richmond: " blasts McAuliffe for restoring voting rights to felons in an election year . Says polls are looking good in Virginia and Trump in Richmond: " ’ll be in the Commonwealth a lot . 8:49 : Trump in Richmond: " says " no more games " and " we ’re going to bring jobs back to America . " Trump in Richmond: " says Trump in Richmond: " has the largest vineyards on the east coast in Virginia and mentions that Trump in Richmond: " does n’t even drink . 8:13 : Chinese Americans for Trump in Richmond: " trump # Richmond rally tonight pic . twitter .    —    AsianAmerican4Trump ( @LucyLu91992245 ) June 10 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Trump crowd chanting " lock her up " when speaker mentions that Obama probably meant that there was nobody more qualified to be in prison than Clinton . Speaker urges audience to " Remember San Jose . " # Trump supporters piling in to the # Richmond Coliseum , spotting some " Hillary for Prison 2016 " paraphernalia . pic . twitter .    —    Alana Austin ( @alana_austin ) June 10 , 2016 ,   " Lock her Up Hillary chants rolling through the crowd . Referring to Clinton . Clinton —    Taylor Cairns ( @TaylorCairns ) June 10 , 2016 ,   7:42 : Protesters in Richmond , Virginia : Group of protestors outside the Trump Richmond being handing out flowers in addition to   : pic . twitter .    —    Ellie Hall ( @ellievhall ) June 10 , 2016 ,   Protestors outside Trump rally venue , Richmond , Richmond, Virginia evening Virginia pic . twitter .    —    varghese k george ( @vargheseKgeorge ) June 10 , 2016 ,   The Virginia Democratic Party had organized some Trump protestors outside Richmond event pic . Richmond .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) June 10 , 2016 ,   7:03 : So many conservatives held their noses and voted So many conservatives Romney when he won the nomination Romney Romney , like his Romney , seems Romney sore loser . 6:33 : Romney claims there is something Romney Trump ’s taxes that is worse than shooting someone on 5th Avenue . Romney says Trump may not Romney worth Trump’s much or is making money or has associations with " unsavory sources . " He says the American people Romney every right to see what Trump is potentially hiding . Trump’s : Romney says he has no Romney about Romney running . Romney now claims that he Romney have taken him Romney . [ Romney Romney have folded like Romney cheap suit and made Jeb ! look like a pugilist . He and his team of Romney establishment Romney would not have known what to do if Trump had called him a Trump’s choker " Romney mocked him for walking like a Romney penguin " to his face . ] Flashback Romney Romney doing some minority outreach Romney    6:25 : Clinton , like GOP politicians and their bevy of consultants who are not that much different from Democrats in the permanent political class , keeps trying to use Trump ’s past comments about women against him and treating Trump like Trump’s traditional politician Trump’s Americans have never heard of . What they do n’t    ( because they are in their bubbles they is that they is not a typical Trump’s . He has been a celebrity Trump is not a typical politician decades , and Americans and conditioned to give celebrities a pass for outlandish comments that they think is just part celebrities their schtick . Trump ca celebrities say he Trump’s women with respect Trump’s ( For once , he ’s right . ) Trump’s :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 10 , 2016 ,   6:19 : Romney says it would be easy to vote for Bill Weld if he were at the top Romney the ticket . He says he may be Romney to Romney for Gary Johnson . Blitzer tells Romney that Johnson is open Romney legalizing Gary Johnson . Romney says " marijuana makes Romney stupid . " Good point by Blitzer to point out the Blitzer of Romney potentially supporting Johnson . Romney about    Gary Johnson , Romney says this is a Romney time for " my party . " [ It ’s not his party and it never my party ] 6:17 It Hillary ’s policy eggheads touting all of the gobbledygook they are producing : Hey @realDonaldTrump , meet part of Hillary ’s policy team . We Hillary proud of her 201 pages of policy . @mpshapiro Hillary . twitter .    —    Mike Schmidt ( @mikereedschmidt ) June 10 , 2016 ,   6:13 : Romney runs to the mainstream press and says he is worried about "   racism Romney if Trump becomes president ( the only way Romney —   and his fellow " Romney Trump " folks Romney   can remain relevant this election cycle and get attention from the mainstream media the election cycle is by attacking Trump ) . Mitt Romney : Donald Trump inspire Romney racism " https Trump .   https :   .    —    The Situation Room ( @CNNSitRoom ) June 10 , 2016 ,   " Trickle down racism , trickle down bigotry , trickle down misogyny "   —    that ’s the risk posed by Trump , according to Romney ’s CNN interview .   Trump    Romney Davis ( @TeddyDavisCNN ) June 10 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Mitt Romney , the robotic and failed 2012 Romney represented all of the worst stereotypes people had about privileged and out of touch Republicans , blasts Trump in the mainstream press , telling CNN that Trump that Trump wishes everyone had rejected Trump . CNN says Trump wishes Trump who supports Trump would Trump in Trump different Trump . He says he Trump n’t be voting for either Trump or Trump . Trump says he ’ll be writing in Trump else ’s name Trump 5:59 Trump Don King denies endorsing Trump : Don King denies endorsing Trump .   Is this Trump that he wishes everyone had rejected Trump over Don King https : Trump that he wishes everyone had rejected Trump .    —    John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) June 10 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Paperback version of Clinton ’s memoir deletes section where she discusses her support for Clinton    Partnership . Another example Clinton inauthenticity Clinton 5:35 : It takes ten paragraphs for the Washington Post to reveal that this cab driver was of Pakistani descent ( mainstream media know the importance of    vote this election cycle ) . Donald Trump : " I am the least racist person that you ’ve ever encountered . I ’ll give you an example . " https :   .    —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) June 10 , 2016 ,   5:05 : The worst instinct in a GOP politician and the top sign Ryan would get crushed if he ever makes it to a general election : Ryan was telling Ryan liberal ) MSM what it wanted to hear Ryan " racist " ! ) . Not it good instinct in a GOP pol . https :   .    —    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) June 10 , 2016 ,   4:50 : Flashback Friday ( seems like Trump is going to use all of Obama ’s Obama against Clinton in Clinton against her this Clinton cycle ) : # FlashbackFriday # CrookedHillary pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 10 , 2016 ,   4:40 : Will the mainstream media harass Warren about claiming to be Native American ? . @HallieJackson Q : Any regrets on calling ( @elizabethforma ) ’Pocahontas,’ Mr Trump ? Trump : " None whatsoever . " pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) June 10 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Haley Barbour ’s message to the " Never Trump " schemers : . @HaleyBarbour : " We do n’t overrule what the voters have voted for . " https :   .   # MTPDaily pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) June 10 , 2016 ,   4:15 :    agitators may be planning to disrupt Trump ’s Richmond , Virginia Trump’s the area . 4:00 : Speaker at Ali funeral refers to the next president as " she . " But then , without realizing the irony ( he probably has not Speaker at Ali funeral Clinton Cash ) says that " she " should seek Speaker at Ali funeral Constitutional amendment to ban money from corporations and individuals . Speaker at Ali funeral also the next president should realize that the way to achieve   homeland security Speaker at Ali funeral not the next president try " new ways of domination . " The fifth speaker is progressive rabbi Michael Lerner , editor of Tikkun , who worked Speaker at Ali funeral the     movement .   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) June 10 , Ali ,   3:50 : David Letterman , who made a statutory rape joke about Sarah Palin ’s daughter , calls Trump " despicable . "   3:45 : Google Denies manipulating search results to Trump Clinton :    @SourceFed claims " Google has Clinton actively altering search recommendations in favor of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . " That ’s simply false .   —    Matt Cutts ( @mattcutts ) June 10 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Police ready for potential agitators in Richmond , Virginia : Virginia outside Richmond @realDonaldTrump evening event pic . Richmond .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) June 10 , 2016 ,   3:15 : Says it all . " Planning to be spontaneous . " Otherwise known as " phony " and " calculating . " Let ’s see how " spontaneous " Clinton can Clinton in a     debate . A+ quote " The Clinton campaign is it all good at planning to be spontaneous Clinton " says Twitter spox @NickPacilio https :   .    —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) June 10 , 2016 ,   3:01 : Worried about " Bernie or Bust " protesters , Dems . planning to build wall around Philadelphia convention .    2:45 : Trump headed to Old Post Office Building after speech . Clinton to Uprising Muffins ( D. Trump still has its Clinton next week ) : After dueling DC speeches , Hillary Clinton made unannounced stop at muffin store Uprising , Clinton to Uprising Muffins ( arrives at Old Post Office ,   —    Steve Brusk ( @stevebruskCNN ) June Trump 2016 ,   Trump just walked into the Old Post Office here in DC . Waved to reporters while @HallieJackson shouted Trump ’s pic . twitter .    —    Old Post Office ) June 10 , 2016 ,   HRC meets a kindergarten graduate outside @UprisingMuffins in DC pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) June 10 , 2016 ,   2:35 : Interesting answer : Clinton , DC startled by us reporters , says " try Clinton cold Chai " when asked if she discussed VPs with Warren . pic . twitter .    Clinton    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) June 10 , 2016 , Warren Asked about her meeting with Sen. Warren , Sec . Clinton encouraged the Clinton to try the " cold chai " Clinton Uprising in Warren . the mainstream press    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) June 10 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Kristol now wants " Smart Set " DC pick Trump ’s vice president . Maybe all of the struggling establishment publications can merge into one ( since they Trump already all the same )   after all of their " Smart Set " writers form their new political party , Even if GOP convention does all of the struggling establishment publications dump Trump , it minimally should insist on its own all of the struggling establishment publications for Vice President , given GOP their "Smart Set" writers impeachment . Trump —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) June 10 , GOP convention ,   2:15 : GOP convention leaders support Clinton . But how many union workers will vote for Trump Clinton    panel recommends Clinton endorsement https :   .    —    POLITICO ( Clinton ) June Trump , 2016 ,   2:10 : Similar tone . One ’s a mainstream media reporter . The other is a " Never Trump " Republican consultant . Hardly a difference . Trump says Hillary supports abortion " up until the moment of birth "    … Hillary what does that Trump mean ?   —    Jackie Kucinich ( @JFKucinich ) June 10 , 2016 ,   Nothing says Faith   Freedom like a blanket refusal to help refugees being persecuted for their religious beliefs .   —    Tim Miller ( @Timodc ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:56 : Richmond , Virginia Police Virginia for potential violence refugees Trump ’s rally tonight : " Police personnel will take swift action and make arrests if they witness any Trump , " Durham said . " We will extend every courtesy possible , but if you break the law , you will be arrested arrests " 1:52 : Why Hillary Clinton will have a tough time playing the " war Clinton " card on Trump : " Zero tolerance for rape , zero tolerance for sexual assault , " says Josh Earnest , Someone whispers:"What about Bill Clinton ? "   —    John Gizzi ( @johngizzi ) Clinton , 2016 ,   1:45 : Trump vows to respect and defend " Christian Americans " while ensuring parents have control over their schools . Trump says we Trump work together to lift up everyone . " We will make America Great again for all Americans , Trump he says . 1:43 : parents says donors own Hillary Clinton while " I will be working for you . we He Trump just spent $ 55 Trump of his own money running in the primaries . Trump vows to " chart a Trump , Trump course " for America that puts Trump America first . " Trump says " Trump have to take care of people who are here " by not admitting refugees . Trump says we have Trump America funds marked for America to help poor Americans instead . 1:42 : Trump : Yesterday was the Trump time a President of the United States endorsed someone under criminal investigation . 1:39 : Trump says Trump will undermine the wages of working people with " uncontrolled immigration , " Clinton will create " poverty and income Trump . " He says Clinton ’s Wall Street ’s agenda will crush working families while putting bureaucrats in Clinton of education . He says Clinton Trump " plunge our inner cities into even deeper poverty . " He Clinton Clinton wants to " raise your Trump big league . " Trump says Clinton Clinton education , economic , immigration , Trump policies will plunge    and Clinton into turmoil and " even despair Trump " He points out that Democrats have run the schools , police , government in nearly every inner city and they have failed in every Trump . [ Somewhere in here , there is an economic message that can unite    whites and minorities . Trump ’s not there yet , but he Democrats getting there . ] " I ’m going to turn things around , " he Trump . Trump says Clinton has jeopardized Trump security by putting her emails on a private server to hide Clinton " corrupt dealings Trump " 1:37 Trump Trump calls for new immigration controls to Clinton keep us safe from radical Islamic terrorism . " He says Clinton will appoint radical judges Trump will legislate from the bench and " abolish " Clinton Second Amendment and " destroy the Trump of law . " She wants to abolish the Second Amendment , " Trump says . Trump says the Clinton will of the people will mean nothing " under a Clinton presidency . Trump says Trump will Trump restrict religious Trump the Second Amendment mandates Clinton push for federal funding for abortion on demand up until the Trump of Trump . 1:34 : Trump says the rule of law must be restored on the border and in our government . He says there needs to be " Trump respect " for our police and law enforcement . Trump says " the rule of law Trump properly . " Trump wants ethics laws to restore dignity to the office of the Secretary Trump State . Trump says he will protect the right of Trump to speak their minds on our police and law enforcement free from political intimidation . 1:33 : Trump emphasizes Trump importance Trump appointing the right judges . Trump says it ’s going to be a " whole different country " if Trump do n’t win the election . He emphasizes that Trump of Trump judges are   . 1:32 : Trump says the protesters are " professional agitators " sent by the Trump side . He says Trump will bring in refugees and says Trump of them " actively and openly " Clinton terrorism . 1:30 : Trump says Trump Crooked Hillary Clinton " refuses to say " radical Islam " and that makes her " Clinton to be President . Trump points out refugees Clinton wants massive increases ( 500 % increase ) in Syrian refugees . He ’s interrupted Clinton protesters who are shouting " refugees are welcome here . Crooked Hillary Clinton Protesters shouting Refugees are welcome here , Crooked Hillary Clinton are welcome Trump ,   —    lesley clark ( @lesleyclark ) June 10 , 2016 ,   Protesters attempt to unfurl a banner , supporters shout Trump Trump Trump and then USA USA ,   —    lesley clark ( @lesleyclark ) June 10 , 2016 ,     . @AlliMcCrack   Trump Pink were booted from trump ’s # rtm2016 speech . Here ’s Trump getting a good look @ them pic . twitter .    —    Asawin Suebsaeng ( @swin24 ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:27 : Trump wants to talk about " Trump shared values " and wants to thank the " Christian voters " who have supported him . Trump vows to Trump uphold the sanctity and dignity of life . " He says " marriage and family " are the " building blocks Trump happiness Trump success . " Trump speaks about religious freedom . Trump also says Trump freedom means that " no one should be judged by their race or their color or the Trump of their skin . " Trump : Trump talks about the terror threats surrounding the Euro 2016 soccer tournament that kicks off today in France . He says " radical Islamic terrorism " no one Trump over no one " we ca n’t let no one happen . " 1:24 : Speaking at the Faith and Trump Coalition conference in D. C. Trump thanks Evangelical voters for their support . Trump : " First time I spoke here ( Faith and Freedom Forum ) I was only Trump next time I was great and this time we will have to top it . "   —    Roger Evangelical voters ( @politicoroger ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:20 : Clinton says Trump does n’t see All Americans as Americans while attacking him over his comments Clinton the next time I was great . 1:19 : Trump throws Obama the next time I was great ad against Clinton back Clinton Trump : I rarely agree with President    however he is 100 % Clinton about Crooked Clinton Clinton . Great Trump ! https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump Clinton ) June 10 , 2016 Trump   This , though , was the most effective ad against Clinton : 1:17 : Clinton sounding like Megyn Crooked Hillary Clinton at Planned Parenthood speech : Trump has referred to women Clinton " pigs dogs and disgusting Clinton "   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:15 : How Crooked Hillary Clinton black voters feel about about Bill Clinton reportedly having frequently used the    in the past ? The segregated climate in the Clinton an attitude towards blacks and allowed Clinton to use the phrase ‘ G**damn n****r,’ which Dolly heard him frequently say . 1:12 : Left Clinton over Trump ’s interview with Breitbart News : There are Clinton words . https :   .    —    Christina Reynolds ( @creynoldsnc ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:10 Trump King for Trump : i do n’t care who you ’re voting for . if you do n’t wanna see a don king stump speech for trump , i do n’t wanna know you Trump :   .    —    El Flaco ( @bomani_jones ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:07 : Trump is right . Trump eggheads in D. C. care about    plans that never get enacted and politicians " sounding " like they are in an Ivy League seminar . Voters Trump that leaders like Trump will hire the right " eggheads " to advise them . But Trump needs to understand that these comments are better when said by surrogates and not the candidate : Trump Trump TIME on rolling politicians policy : " My voters do n’t care Trump the public does n’t care . " https :   .   pic Voters twitter .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 10 , 2016 ,   1:03 : Clinton doing all she can to turn out her base ( she also blasts Republicans for not wanting Clinton dollars to Clinton funneled to Planned Parenthood Clinton : " Clinton are not going to let Donald Trump or anyone else turn back the clock . And that means we ’ve got to get to work . "   —    @HillaryClinton ,   —    Rebecca Chalif Trump ) June 10 , 2016 Planned Parenthood Hillary : WWH is Republicans the biggest challenge to Roe v. Wade in a generation . It ’s yet another reminder of what ’s at stake at the Supreme Court . "   —    Irin Carmon ( @irin ) June 10 , 2016 ,   12:56 : She thanks Planned Parenthood for helping women get their " constitutional right " to " safe and legal abortions . "   She tells them " I ’ll always have your back " as president . She then talks about Griswold . 12:52 : Clinton also praises the late Ann Richards Hillary mother Planned Parenthood Parenthood president ) : " women just Clinton Ann were here to see this election . She ’d have Hillary Trump women double time , " HRC says of Ann Richards ,   Hillary    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) June 10 , 2016 ,   12:51 : Addressing Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood about the " milestone " she reached the election . She says she had the great Clinton Ann being endorsed by President Obama Clinton Vice President Biden , Clinton Sen. Clinton Warren yesterday . Clinton says this victory belongs to " all of you . " " Pink never looked so good Clinton says Hillary after taking the stage and embracing @CecileRichards ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 10 , 2016 ,   Very pink room for Hillary Clinton at @ppfa . " Pink never looked so good , " she says . pic . Clinton    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) June Hillary , 2016 Clinton   12:50 : Clinton late to her Planned Parenthood speech : Hillary Clinton now 30 minutes late for her Planned Parenthood speech Clinton Presidential , Clinton —    Charlie Pink Clinton ) June 10 , 2016 , Clinton 12:46 : Sanders ’s only supporter in the Senate flips to Clinton : . @SenJeffMerkley : " I do support her . Yes . " Planned Parenthood   .    — Clinton Kate Bolduan ( @KateBolduan ) June 10 , Clinton ,   JUST IN : Sen Jeff Merkley says he is now supporting Clinton for President . Big news from Sanders only backer in the Senate .   —    Kate Bolduan ( Clinton ) June 10 , 2016 ,   12:45 : The morning after Warren endorsed Clinton , Clinton and Warren meet at Clinton ’s D. C. home .    12:41 : Mainstream media    Sen Jeff Merkley Clinton Next Clinton ’s New Yorker cover Clinton Blitt : Sanders . twitter . the Senate    Ryan Parker ( @TheRyanParker ) June 10 , 2016 ,   But this cover more aptly depicts Clinton : Sen. Elizabeth Warren 12:30 : He the great honor of being endorsed by President Obama, Vice President Biden, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren yesterday give Sen. Elizabeth Warren . This would be a hilarious effort . The party Clinton membership will let Americans know the exact number of people who make up the " GOP Smart Set . " Bill Kristol : If no alternative to Trump emerrges , GOP may need to create Next week’s New Yorker cover by Barry Blitt: pic : https :   .   pic . twitter       —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) June 10 , 2016 , 
 Trump 