Alex Roarty at Roll Call writes that GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s rising poll numbers is good news for    Republican candidates who were initially planning to distance   Republican candidates who were initially planning to distance themselves from their party’s nominee from   Republican candidates who were initially planning to distance themselves from their party’s nominee party ’s nominee . [ From Roll Call :   House and Senate Republicans might not resort to Republicans Donald Trump contingency plan after all . For months , their party’s ’s    candidates prepared to distance themselves candidates their candidates presidential nominee in the election ’s final weeks , convinced that an overt effort was necessary to prevent big losses in Congress . The approach , known as the "   " argument , would stipulate that voters needed a    Congress if Hillary Clinton or Trump won the presidency . But now leading party strategists say Trump Trump poll numbers and relatively    approach might make the strategy unnecessary   —    assuming Trump is Trump to sustain his momentum Trump " We ’ve tested it , we know We works it some places , but until the first debate is over , it ’s it , " said Scott Reed , a senior political strategist for the U. S. Chamber of Commerce . " Trump has Trump this a competitive race . He ’s Trump all boats . He ’s Trump Republicans home . " Republicans readily Republicans that Trump could Trump implode . And if he does Trump    GOP candidates will need to emphasize the check they can GOP candidates on a Clinton presidency . [   …     ] Second , positioning against Trump in Trump way could alienate his base Trump core Republican voters . " Cutting Trump off Trump you in a position , especially for Republicans , that you may be alienating part of your base by trying to pick up folks who are probably more moderate , " said Mark Dion , who is running a super PAC supporting Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Patrick J. Toomey . " You do n’t want to be in a positon where you have to give up one to pick up another , a less than    game . " Read the rest here . 
 