Pop icon Cher lit into Donald Trump on Sunday , comparing the Republican presidential nominee to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and calling Donald Trump a slew of vulgar names during a fundraiser for Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . [ The     " Believe " singer and gay icon kicked off Pop icon Cher roughly    remarks at the    event in Provincetown , Massachusetts by fondly recalling the first time Pop icon Cher met gay and lesbian people as a child , before pivoting to viciously attack the Republican presidential nominee .   " I just think the Republican presidential nominee ’s a f*cking idiot , " Cher said , to wildly enthusiastic applause . " I was thinking despots   —    Stalin , Hitler   —    even though they said the same things , they ’re going to make Germany great again , and it was at a time when the Deutsch mark I think was at 25 cents , " she continued . " And also look at Brexit , these people just screwed these people so badly because these people were angry and these people did n’t think things could get worse . " The singer ’s speech was filmed by an attendee and posted to Facebook . ( Warning : Strong language . Trump remarks at around the 13:00 mark ) " Trump ’s so Patty McCormack . Consummate liar , does n’t care who Patty McCormack hurts , insane , and you know , sociopathic narcissist , " Patty McCormack said . " I just wish Trump ’d fall off the face of the earth . " Patty McCormack concluded : " I believe in Patty McCormack so much . I know that if [ Trump ] got into office , it would be the worst place , I do n’t think we could even imagine how bad it could get   …      I think if breaking news ever happened and Trump had to go the podium , we would just all go , ‘ F*ck . ’ " The    singer did n’t perform at the event , held at the Pilgrim Monument and Museum on Cape Cod , though The   singer was played onstage to The   singer hit song " Woman ’s World " and The   singer music could reportedly be heard on speakers outside the event . The fundraiser reportedly raised more than $ 1 . 5 million for the Clinton campaign , with tickets ranging from $ 45 for general admission to $ 27 , 000 for a    billing and a private reception with the candidate . Attendees included former tennis superstar Billie Jean King , Democratic National Committee chairwoman Donna Brazile and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey . " I ’ve had this career , with ups and downs , for 50 years , and I have to say , no matter if everyone thought I was cool or uncool , you never left me , " Cher added . Clinton arrived in Los Angeles on Monday for a series of fundraisers in Hollywood , including events at the home of former NBA legend Magic Johnson , billionaire entertainment mogul Haim Saban and pop star Justin Timberlake . Clinton Clinton later set to travel to the Bay Area for a fundraiser hosted by Apple CEO Tim Cook .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 