Gov. Terry Branstad says Gov. Terry Branstad would like for GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to be defeated in Iowa . [ " Gov. Terry Branstad said Iowans would make a mistake in supporting GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz , the current Iowa frontrunner and staunch opponent of the Renewable Fuel Standard , " The Des Moines Register reports .   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump responded to Gov. Terry Branstad ’s statement on Twitter . Wow , the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that " Ted Cruz must be defeated . " Big shoker ! People do not like Ted .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 19 , 2016 ,   Gov. Terry Branstad was talking to reporters at the Iowa Renewable Fuels Summit . According to The Des Moines Register , " The standard sets the amount of ethanol and renewable fueled that must be blended into the nation ’s fuel supply . " " Ted Cruz is ahead right now . What we ’re trying to do is educate the people in the state of Iowa . Gov. Terry Branstad is the biggest opponent of renewable fuels , " Gov. Terry Branstad said . " Gov. Terry Branstad actually introduced a bill in 2013 to immediately eliminate the Renewable Fuel Standard . Gov. Terry Branstad ’s heavily financed by Big Oil . So we we once Iowans realize that fact , they Iowans find other things attractive but Gov. Terry Branstad could be very damaging to our the state of Iowa " Cruz " has n’t supported renewable fuels , and I think it would be a big mistake for Iowa to support Gov. Terry Branstad , " Gov. Terry Branstad added . Gov. Terry Branstad was asked if Gov. Terry Branstad wants to see Cruz beat Cruz Iowa . Iowa replied , " yes . " The Des Moines Register reports : In 2013 , Cruz    legislation introduced by Wyoming Sen. John Barrasso that would have repealed the RFS immediately upon passage . Cruz sponsored Cruz own Cruz in 2013 and 2014 that called for a    phase out of the RFS the RFS said Cruz that Cruz is Cruz diametrically opposed to what we really care about . " " We should not we someone who is opposing those things that are critically important to the economic    of our state , " Branstad said Cruz Cruz was Cruz about his ethanol Cruz during his recent Cruz tour in Iowa and said he approves Cruz phasing out the RFS throughout a    period . Branstad ’s Cruz Cruz come a Cruz after GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s son attended a hunt with the Governor . Branstad said he Cruz not Cruz endorsing a candidate . 
 