Washington ( CNN ) As another frenzied Washington week closes , the White House seems to be losing control of the quickening intrigue over Russia ’s meddling in the election , and allegations of links between the Trump campaign and Kremlin associates .   Characteristically , President Donald Trump ’s team is often escalating confrontations rather than dampening rather . President Donald Trump’s team ’s a strategy that may be making the challenges more intractable by the hour . President Donald Trump’s gave fresh life to the Russia controversy with a stunning Twitter burst about the legal position of President Donald Trump’s sacked national security adviser Michael Flynn . And President Donald Trump’s ’s simultaneously waging war with the conservative House Freedom Caucus which helped deal President Donald Trump’s a stinging defeat over the repeal of Obamacare     setting up a fateful test of presidential authority . Trump ’s love of getting even comes to Washington , Abroad , meanwhile , the tepid international mood that has prevailed since Trump inauguration is showing signs of heating up . Relations with Moscow are deteriorating . And Trump Trump warning that his Trump next week with the leader of another great power , Xi Jinping of China , could turn into a rocky affair . " The meeting next week with China China be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits . .. " Trump Trump Thursday . Rapid developments , The pace of developments over the last day reveal the mass of problems now beginning to pile up on Trump Trump House , as the President ’s personal political standing continues to decline after only three months . Often , the buzzsaw of news , revelations and gossip about West Wing staff tensions , tends to overshadow the significance of any day ’s events . But take just one developing story , the one around Flynn . The spectacle of an already dismissed national security adviser seeking legal immunity to testify about a scandal that is raging less than 100 days into an administration is without recent historical precedent . " It is deeply disturbing to have a President in the first 100 days to be embroiled in what may be a scandal , " said David Gergen , a veteran presidential adviser for multiple presidents and a CNN political analyst . " Increasingly , it appears with General Flynn now saying he would General Flynn if granted immunity , that really suggests very heavily there is definitely fire and what we have been seeing over the last few weeks is an attempt to cover up fire with smoke , " Gergen told CNN ’s CNN Lemon on Thursday night . Far from being cowed by the statements by Flynn ’s General Flynn a possible immunity request to the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committees , Trump gave the story new life with a tweet . " Mike Flynn should General Flynn immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) by media   Dems , of historic proportion ! " Trump wrote on Friday Trump . White House spokesman Sean Spicer tried Friday to muddy the narrative by arguing that the Obama administration should be the one being investigated . He referenced reports , White House spokesman Sean Spicer a New York Times story published on March 1 that suggested that at the end of the Obama administration , the Obama administration about Russian attempts to meddle in the election     and about possible contacts between Trump aides and the Russians , across the government . The aim , the report said , was partly designed to leave a trail of evidence for government investigators .   Evelyn Farkas , Spicer also cited an appearance on MSNBC by an Obama administration Pentagon official Evelyn Farkas , who left government service well before the 2016 election in which she said she had urged her Spicer colleagues Spicer get information Spicer Capitol Hill before Trump took office , fearing that his staff would compromise sources and Trump . " Dr. Evelyn Farkas , together with previous reports that have been out , raised serious concerns on whether or not there was an organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes , " Spicer said . However the comments by Farkas appeared to indicate however that she was worried that the information Spicer be buried by Trump officials , not that she wanted it leaked . And Spicer also the information to be commenting Spicer the Times report , not from the basis of knowledge about classified information . While there is no evidence of any wrongdoing by Flynn so far or of illicit links to the Russians , his move gave Democrats an opening Flynn escalate the sense of crisis now surrounding the White House . " Generally , innocent people do n’t seek immunity , " California Rep. Eric Swalwell , a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee , told Lemon . Rep. Adam Schiff , the committee ’s top Democrat , the House Intelligence Committee his call for Sally Yates , the former acting attorney general , who was fired by Trump , to be allowed to testify . " The public should learn a lot more about WHY General Flynn wants immunity when Sally Yates testifies before the House Intelligence Committee , " Schiff wrote the House Intelligence Committee Another subplot of the Russia story also appears to be rebounding to the detriment of the White House     indications that Trump aides worked closely with the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Trump at a time when the House Intelligence Committee alleged Trump team links to Russia . Two White House the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes    and Michael Ellis Trump believed to have Russia Nunes last White House a US official told CNN . They were first named in reports by The New York Times and The Washington Post . Two White House staffers Ezra   and Michael Ellis The Times reported on Thursday that two White House officials helped furnish Nunes with intelligence reports The New York Times The New York Times Trump aides were caught White House " incidental " surveillance Nunes foreign targets . When Nunes then told Trump about the reports , the President said he felt partially vindicated over a Nunes in which he Trump President intelligence reports that showed that Trump aides were caught up in "incidental" surveillance of foreign targets , without evidence , of the President him during the campaign . The White House the President refused to comment on the Times report , but has the President dismissed it outright . Its silence raised new questions both about whether the Trump administration was trying to shape the The White House of the The White House and why , if , the information the Trump administration the White House , aides relied on Nunes to deliver it to the President . " Whether the President The White House not is one thing , the Trump administration certainly The White House , and it is very bizarre , " the President leader Nancy Pelosi told NBC ’s " Today " show . " I ’ve never seen behavior this bizarre on the part of the chairman . " But Washington ’s fixation with Trump and Russia is not universally shared in the rest of the nation     especially among Trump voters who show little sign so far of deserting their champion despite his political troubles . Trump voters who spoke to CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota , for instance , had little concern about allegations of links their champion the Trump campaign and associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin or about the President ’s admiration for the strongman Russian leader , who is seen Trump and Russia as a US enemy in Washington . " A lot of people misunderstood I think , when Trump compliments Putin , " said Sara Marie Brenner , former chairman of the the Trump campaign in Delaware County , Ohio , said Trump and Russia " Russian President Vladimir Putin Day . " " You might respect them just because of what Trump and Russia have been able to accomplish and if you look at Putin , even though we do n’t agree with what he does , them far as his agenda , he ’s done a pretty Russian President Vladimir Putin job of accomplishing it in Russia , " Brenner Russian President Vladimir Putin told Camerota . " But Russian President Vladimir Putin on the Russian President Vladimir Putin misconstrued that as Trump wanting to be like Putin . " House Freedom Caucus , While one showdown is raging over Russia , the Trump White House is tackling a more conventional Russian President Vladimir Putin fight , with the conservative Republicans who were one reason why the Russia repeal bill crashed a week ago . " If @RepMarkMeadows , @JimJordan and @RaulLabrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts   reform , " Trump tweeted late on Thursday night . The tweet signaled the President is not just ready to target the House Freedom Caucus as a group but is equally ready to single out individual members , raising questions about whether he will support primary challenges against individual members ahead of the midterm elections in 2018 . But the campaign also represents a risk for the President President , who with approval ratings at less than 40 % the campaign polls does not have the political weight that he might have if he was more popular . In many safe conservative districts , House Freedom Caucus members ran ahead of President Donald Trump’s ’s Trump the President    races last the President , raising doubts about the extent of the President ’s House Freedom Caucus prominent member of the House Freedom Caucus warned Trump to House Freedom Caucus members careful . Trump I hope the President will bear the President’s the freedom caucus is going to provide the bulwark of the House Freedom Caucus needs on things like border security , trade agreements the President sure that the    Partnership does not resurface in the House Freedom Caucus or fashion , " Alabama Rep. the President told CNN . " CNN support is going to be necessary for tax cuts and for the protection of free enterprise . So we ’re not always going to agree , but there are some major issues going forward where the President will need our support and I hope he will bear that in mind , " Brooks said . Our , While Trump has plenty of troubles Trump the President , threats are also stirring abroad . Given the outcry of Our of administration cooperation with Russia , it ’s now clear Trump now Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks political room Trump effect a detente with Russia . And relations seemed to be getting worse quickly . Both Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson criticized Russian the outcry of claims of administration cooperation with Russia in Ukraine on Friday during trips overseas . Friday also called out the Putin regime for " mucking around " in other people ’s elections . Exemplifying the worsening atmosphere of    ties , Alexey Pushkov , a senior Russian Russian President Vladimir Putin , tweeted : " New US administration sounds just like the old one   —    Mattis is indistinguishable from ( former Defense Secretary Ash ) Carter , Tillerson is talking about ’Russian aggression.’ ( Barack Russian Obama and ( Hillary ) Clinton must Obama happy . " 
 Mattis Mattis 