WASHINGTON   —    There is nothing in Donald J. Trump ’s or Hillary Clinton ’s antiterrorism plans that would have had much chance of stopping the bombings in New York and New Jersey that Ahmad Khan Rahami is accused of carrying out . The subject of how to prevent terrorism will almost certainly be a major topic on Monday night , when the two presidential candidates face off in the two presidential candidates first debate . But the truth is that cases like Ahmad Khan Rahami ’s fit neatly into no categories . And his Ahmad Khan Rahami from childhood immigrant to naturalized citizen to accused terrorist shows that the debate now underway on the campaign trail is too simplistic . It the debate now underway on the campaign trail to address the hardest and most common cause of radicalization in the United States , when personal demons morph into ideologically driven violence . Mr. Rahami came to the the United States Afghanistan as a     and later became a citizen . Mr. Trump ’s insistence in recent days that he has no Mr. Trump with ethnic profiling might have led to tougher interrogations of Mr. Rahami when Mr. Rahami to Quetta Mr. Trump Pakistan , the center of Taliban power , and returned , or when he came back from Mr. Trump with a Pakistani wife . The strongest indication of his leanings came in Mr. Trump when the local police and the F. B. I. investigated Mr. Rahami ’s father Mr. Rahami his son was a terrorist . Mr. Rahami’s father’s finding no evidence , the authorities did not act . Since Mr. Rahami is an American citizen Mr. Trump have been locked up Mr. Rahami being charged was with a detention system similar to the way    were placed in Japanese " internment camps " during World War II . That was a technique , Mr. Trump told Time magazine in December , that he might or might not have supported at the time . Mr. Trump added that as undesirable as it would be to revive Mr. Trump an arrangement , in an age of terrorism , " war is tough . " Mrs. Clinton ’s approach would be to rely on countermessaging to prevent radicalization and to try to recognize early signs of extremism . But no one seems quite certain how Mr. Rahami was radicalized   —    on the internet , during trips to Pakistan or perhaps by his new wife . And Mrs. Clinton ’s approach , even Mr. Rahami advocates acknowledge , is Mrs. Clinton’s   —    it tries to stem the tide , rather than reverse it . its Trump , in short , has described a policy its keeping potential terrorists out of the country altogether , even if that means suspending or violating America America principles of taking in refugees and not discriminating against immigrants on the basis of their religion . Mrs. Clinton , in contrast , has argued for the immigrants of immigrants   —    about their history or sympathy for radical ideology   —    but working to immigrants   extremists messages or behavior . A core element of Mrs. Clinton ’s counterterrorism strategy has been to build on pilot programs in Mrs. Clinton that , among other features , offer residents ways to report individuals who could become radicalized or otherwise exhibit troubling behavior . The four communities are   . Paul , Los Angeles , Boston and Montgomery County , Md. In the Elizabeth , N. J. neighborhood where Mr. Rahami lived and worked , such a program might   —    or might not   —    have made a difference . In recent years , for instance , some friends of Mr. Rahami ’s noticed a significant change in his personality and religious devotion after Mr. Rahami to Afghanistan , where he and his Mr. Rahami are from . But there is no evidence that they alerted Mr. Rahami , Mr. Rahami expressed any concern . Mrs. Clinton aims to set up he and his relatives    system , community by community . That builds on a growing number of programs that the Obama administration terms " countering violent extremism . " The aim is not just to rely on religious leaders such as imams to help detect the early signs of radicalization , but also to enlist teachers , coaches , physicians and others who might notice subtle changes in an individual ’s behavior and , perhaps with family and friends , intervene . Mrs. Clinton also suggested , in December , that she would accelerate work with technology companies to take radical speech off Facebook , YouTube Mrs. Clinton Snapchat and encrypted apps used by terrorists . " You are going to hear all the familiar complaints : ‘ Freedom of speech,’ " she told the Brookings Institution . She suggested those complaints should be dismissed . Her Mrs. Clinton acknowledge this would not constitute Mrs. Clinton complete solution   —    but neither Mrs. Clinton immigration bans , which they view as counter to American values . " Look , we ’re never going Her advisers be able to identify every potential bad actor solely through a police record or their involvement with other bad actors , " said Daniel Benjamin , a former State Department terrorism coordinator and now a scholar at Dartmouth College . " So having more eyes on this , and more awareness within communities , is absolutely essential , and will have to be a key part of the solution . " Mr. Benjamin , who is an adviser to the Clinton campaign , acknowledged Tuesday that Daniel Benjamin, a former State Department terrorism coordinator and now a scholar at Dartmouth College Rahami ahead of time . " But he said Mr. Rahami ’s case , and that of a    man who stabbed 10 people at a mall in St. Cloud , Minn. before he Rahami and killed by an    police officer , " appear to be examples of fairly dramatic changes in behavior that might have set Rahami alarms . " Mrs. Clinton spoke by phone for 45 minutes on Tuesday morning with a group of top national security and counterterrorism advisers about lessons learned from the most recent terrorist attacks and what additional steps a Clinton administration would need to take to prevent strikes on American soil , according to a summary of the call that the campaign released . They Mrs. Clinton discussed how to ensure that the police and other law enforcement agencies followed up on individuals who had been previously identified as possible threats a group of top national security and counterterrorism advisers about lessons learned from the most recent terrorist attacks and what additional steps Mrs. Clinton has called for " an intelligence surge " to improve information sharing among federal agencies and with foreign partners . Mrs. Clinton and her Mrs. Clinton over ways to combat      attacks and online radicalization   —    without specific direction or enabling from groups like the Islamic State or Mrs. Clinton Qaeda   —    and " how we can best balance the right to privacy with this modern national security imperative , " according to the summary . Finally , the group examined " the dangers of inflammatory rhetoric , generalizations and expressions of prejudice , " all of which Mrs. Clinton and her supporters have accused Mr. Trump of using in his social media comments and campaign speeches . Mr. Trump has one word for those solutions : " Clinton . " He argued during the primaries that Mr. Trump would temporarily ban all Muslim immigration , Mr. Trump that received withering criticism from his own party . ( He also Mr. Trump he would " take out Mr. Trump the families of terrorists , a violation of international conventions . ) He combined Mr. Trump with what he maintains Mr. Trump be a Mr. Trump more relentless attack on the Islamic State , including seizing oil in areas where it operates , Mr. Trump in Iraq ( although Mr. Trump of the oil belongs to Iraq , and the Bush administration always went to some lengths to say it what he maintains be preserved for the benefit of the Iraqi people , not sold by Iraq United States ) . Under pressure , Mr. Trump amended his approach what he maintains saying he would temporarily ban immigration from countries that have been breeding grounds for terrorism he seemed to have Afghanistan and Pakistan in mind . Mr. Trump that definition could Mr. Trump embrace Germany , France , Belgium and Britain as well . Had that Mr. Trump been in effect in 1995 , it might have stopped Mr. Rahami ’s entry into the country as a     or his readmission in 2000 , when he and his family were admitted as that program . Mr. Trump said in a rally on Tuesday that the lesson of the Mr. Rahami’s York and New Jersey bombing Mr. Rahami’s was Mr. Rahami’s need for an immigration crackdown . " These attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system , which fails to properly vet and screen the individuals or families coming into our country the lesson of the New York and New Jersey bombing attacks was the need for an immigration crackdown he said . " Attack after attack   —    from    to San Bernardino to Orlando   —    we have seen how the country screen who is Mr. Trump the United States the United States our citizens in great danger . " He said Mrs. Clinton was " for people pouring in from Syria , " though the Mrs. Clinton’s 000 refugees who have come from there this year is a tiny fraction of Mr. Trump European nations have taken in . Mr. Trump called for stopping " the massive inflow of refugees , which Hillary Clinton is trying to drastically increase . " 
 Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Trump 