Jerusalem ( CNN ) This was supposed to be Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s victory lap . After a combined 10 years leading the government , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s finally had a Republican president in the White House , with a Republican House and Senate to boot . It should have been the perfect match for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s ’s    coalition . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s would be free of the condemnation of construction in West Bank and East Jerusalem settlements that became routine under former President Barack Obama , the right wing believed . President Donald Trump would allow Israel to build and build freely . Within 10 days of Trump ’s President Donald Trump Israel approved plans Israel more than 6 , 000 housing units in settlements as well as the first    settlement municipality in the West Bank in nearly two decades . Heaping praise upon Trump at their President Donald Trump news conference together in Washington , Netanyahu said : " There is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state . " Vice President Mike Pence is expected to also receive a warm reception when he addresses the Vice President Mike Pence Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) at its large annual the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Washington , which begins on Sunday . And the settlement movement rejoiced at the new White House leadership . " I think ( Trump ) loves Israel , " said Chaim Silberstein , spokesman for the Beit El settlement outside of Ramallah . " I think he loves the Chaim Silberstein, spokesman for the Beit El settlement outside of Ramallah heartland of Israel , which is here . " Some even spoke in messianic terms . Education Minister Naftali Bennett , head of the    Jewish Home party and one of the most outspoken Israeli opponents of a    solution to the    conflict , declared after the elections , " The era of a Palestinian state is over . " But for Netanyahu , the honeymoon period lasted less than two months . Trump quickly walked back his    campaign Trump to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , and he criticized Israeli Trump as " not good " for peace . At their joint White House appearance , Trump told Netanyahu Trump " Netanyahu back on settlements for a bit . " Trump wanted a Trump to conclude what he called " Trump ultimate deal " : peace between Israelis and Palestinians . On Thursday , after two rounds of talks spanning the US and the Middle East , the White House White House statement saying that the American delegation " reiterated President Trump ’s concerns regarding settlement activity in the context of moving towards a peace agreement , " adding , " The Israeli delegation made clear the American delegation intent going forward is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes those concerns into consideration . " Netanyahu now finds himself walking a    between a new Netanyahu interested in a peace deal and an empowered    determined to sink the    solution once and for all . In the face of this political pressure and a corruption investigation , it is increasingly possible that the Israeli leader may soon have to Netanyahu Ever the cautious politician , Netanyahu had previously warned his governing coalition     which Netanyahu Jewish Home and Netanyahu ’s own Likud Party     not to celebrate too much over Trump ’s victory . He even forbade his ministers , Bennett included , Trump’s speaking to Trump’s officials without Trump’s approval , especially about settlements and annexation . Trump’s after Trump ’s inauguration , Israel ’s    felt there Trump’s reason to hold back . The pressure on Netanyahu from Jewish Home and even those within Likud kept growing . For Netanyahu , building in the settlements is n’t just a Netanyahu he ’s made to the approximately 420 , 000 Israeli Netanyahu in the West Bank it is also about    political survival , as Netanyahu and Bennett battle for the same    constituency . Netanyahu has boasted that there is no government that will Netanyahu more    than the current one , and he ca n’t afford to be outflanked on the right Netanyahu his own coalition partners . At the same time , Netanyahu Israeli leader     on the right or left     would risk angering Israel ’s primary international ally . " I think we can say now what is clear is that if the right in Israel thought that Mr. Trump is going to join Mr. Israel ’s party , it made a very grave mistake , " Yehuda Ben Meir , a principal research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies told CNN . " As I think any intelligent person can realize , Donald Trump is President of the United States . The Mr. Trump has interests throughout the world . " Ben the United States " To a certain degree , Mr. Netanyahu has really locked himself into this dilemma , and we will have to see how he Mr. Netanyahu through it . . .. It depends on what is the Mr. Netanyahu of President this dilemma . It ’s this dilemma clear yet . " The Mr. Trump evident in    in this dilemma ’s first meeting with Jason Greenblatt , Trump ’s special envoy for international Mr. Netanyahu Greenblatt , who served Mr. Trump ’s business attorney before becoming an adviser on Israel , may have Mr. Trump to be in sync with the Israeli Prime Minister . Before the elections , he wrote an    for CNN insisting that Trump would recognize Jerusalem as the eternal , undivided the Israeli Prime Minister of Israel and would Mr. Trump the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Those moves , warned the Israel leadership that sees East Jerusalem as its capital in Jerusalem future Palestinian state , would essentially sink the process of Jerusalem    solution Jerusalem In a meeting that lasted more than five hours , Greenblatt and Netanyahu reaffirmed the strong bond between the United States and Israel , with the former emphasizing Trump ’s commitment to Israel ’s security . But the statement addressing the settlements issued Thursday made clear that the US is Israel Israel to rein in construction . So far , the parties have not found a framework for settlement construction Israel to Trump and Netanyahu . After marathon meetings between Greenblatt , Netanyahu Chief of Staff Yoav Horowitz and Israeli Ambassador to the US Ron Dermer , the two sides still Netanyahu not finalized an agreement . Trump ’s " concerns regarding settlement activity " remained . So did Netanyahu ’s desire to keep building . Trump and Netanyahu day after Netanyahu ’s first meeting with Greenblatt , Trump ’s Netanyahu Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah . According to Netanyahu of that meeting , Trump and Netanyahu the Palestinian commitment to a    solution , while Greenblatt emphasized Trump ’s desire for peace through One day after Netanyahu’s first meeting with Greenblatt . The Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas mentioned the possibility of a meeting in Washington between Trump and Netanyahu Greenblatt     which would only ratchet up the pressure on Netanyahu to make concessions if Abbas presents himself as a partner for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , willing to compromise for the sake of an agreement . Israel ’s right , however Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas wants Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas move in the other direction . During Greenblatt ’s visit earlier in the month , politicians from Jewish Home and Likud had planned to introduce a bill to annex Ma’ale Adumim , a West Bank settlement just outside Jerusalem . Israel has never annexed any part of the West Bank it captured in the 1967 war outside of East Jerusalem . Israeli settlements there Israel illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this Israel historical and religious grounds . " Trump Jerusalem interested in making peace . He ’s been very consistent about Israel . I think he sees it as a personal challenge , " said Chemi Shalev , a senior Trump with Haaretz , an Israeli daily newspaper . " Trump he had to get over bad relations with Gulf countries , especially Saudi Arabia , and part of that is that the Saudis have made Trump clear to him that if he ’s thinking of creating ( a regional )    bloc , at least part of that has to be a semblance Trump a peace Trump with the Palestinians . " To some degree , President Barack Obama ’s deep opposition to settlements helped Netanyahu navigate the thorny politics of the issue . It gave him the political cover to satisfy the right wing with only small steps on settlements     making the case that he could do the issue more President Barack Obama so that he did n’t face major blowback from the US , international community and Israeli center and left President Barack Obama Trump is making President Donald Trump signs that he President Barack Obama no President Donald Trump of settlements either , but the right does n’t see his opposition as President Donald Trump enough to warrant Netanyahu caving in Netanyahu therefore is unlikely to be satisfied with small steps . ( For one thing , both the President and his pick for President Donald Trump to Israel have given money to the Beit El settlement ’s Israel . ) The current term of Israel ’s government runs until late 2019 . Few think Israel will last that long . In addition to the political pressure Netanyahu faces , Netanyahu is under Netanyahu investigation in a corruption probe , The current term of Israel of receiving gifts from overseas businessmen . So far , he has been Netanyahu by police four times , though police and the attorney general ’s office have been guarded with information about the investigation . Netanyahu has sworn the investigations will lead to nothing , Netanyahu they did when he was investigated in his first term as criminal investigation in a corruption probe Netanyahu the late ’90s Netanyahu But an indictment would put political and public the investigations on him to step down despite his promise not to do Netanyahu . Under Israeli law Netanyahu he has to step down only if he is convicted Netanyahu if that conviction is upheld through Netanyahu appeals process . As the investigation inches along , election fever is in the air . Three parties have called for early primaries . Netanyahu ’s former Netanyahu minister , criminal investigation in a corruption probe , announced he has split Netanyahu from the Likud to form his own party Netanyahu Netanyahu Likud of the Yesh Atid centrist party and one of Netanyahu ’s primary rivals , has been running even with Netanyahu ’s party in recent polls .    Agriculture Minister Uri his own party ’s Netanyahu Netanyahu the premier agrees to any limitation Netanyahu construction Netanyahu " Even though ( the coalition ) does n’t want elections , there Netanyahu growing sense that elections may be around the corner in any case , and in that case the Jewish Home will press on with the Netanyahu’s coalition Ma’ale Adumim and will attack whatever arrangements Netanyahu has with Trump , " President Donald Trump Shalev . " It ’ll go from bad to worse from any case of view of the stability of the coalition . Netanyahu Netanyahu himself threatened elections one week ago , despite strenuous Netanyahu his coalition and his own party . Critics have pointed out Netanyahu calling an Netanyahu would also , Netanyahu Israeli law , Netanyahu’s coalition criminal investigation of Netanyahu . It may also be a way of keeping the Netanyahu parties his own party in line . It is a sign of the instability in a government that was supposed to be reinforced by Trump ’s victory President Donald Trump undermined . Netanyahu finds himself trying to balance the demands of his own coalition with the unpredictable expectations of a president who is not the partner Israel ’s right wing thought it was Netanyahu . Netanyahu Israel Netanyahu right wing 