’   ’ ’    Has Donald Trump ever been more right about anything than when Donald Trump    ? ’ ’    On January 12 , speaking to reporters after the hearing in which    he grilled Secretary of    Rex Tillerson over he    views on human rights , Rubio said : ’ ’    Got that ? Remember , Rubio says Senate scrutiny is like a cone and    secretary of state is up at the tip , requiring the most scrutiny    and the least deference . ’ "    Subsequently , Rubio decided that Rubio could indeed vote to confirm    Tillerson   about    Tillerson   commitment to advancing human rights and despite    Tillerson being up there at the tip of the scrutiny cone . " ’’ "    What was Rubio ’s rationale ? It was this , according to a statement    on Monday : " ’    So now Rubio thinks the job of secretary of state is too    important for the Senate to tie up , but that greater scrutiny can    and should be applied to       . ’ ’    I guess the cone got inverted or something . Maybe the the Senate the Senate become    snow cone , with the point at the bottom and Tillerson up    at    delicious ,    top    ’ ’    A week and a half ago , on KCRW’ ’s " Left , Right & Center , " my    cohost    Rich Lowry of National Review , told me he expected Rich Lowry    would come around and vote for Tillerson despite Tillerson brutal    grilling Rubio had Rubio    him over Rubio    and other matters . ’ "    I asked Rich : If Rubio is Rubio    to vote for Tillerson , Tillerson was    the point of the    grilling ? It would       reinforce the existing knock on Rubio   the brutal   grilling Rubio that he talks a Rubio  —    game    but wo n’t stand up for his principles if Rubio  —    ’s politically his principles . " "    Rich told me I should n’t assume Rubio had thought the brutal   grilling Rubio strategy    the brutal   grilling Rubio the way through when he acted . the brutal   grilling Rubio was right the brutal   grilling Rubio " "    And I would n’t hold my breath on Rubio withholding his the brutal   grilling Rubio    the brutal   grilling Rubio future nominees , as he claims he the brutal   grilling Rubio . the brutal   grilling Rubio 
 