’   ’ "    It ’s a good time to be at Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s old    firm , Exxon Mobil . " "    Last week , Senate Republicans voted along party lines to get rid    of the    rule that forces huge oil and gas companies to    disclose   while huge oil and gas companies ’re doing    business abroad . " "    Now , you can be excused if you feel like the urgency for killing    this specific rule seems to have come out of nowhere . Arguments    for getting rid of     —    the 2010 legislation meant to    help protect taxpayers from another financial crisis   —    usually    involve helping overregulated community banks that ca n’t lend ,    . " ’    Arguments   for getting rid of    —   the 2010 legislation meant to   help protect taxpayers from another financial crisis  —   usually   involve helping overregulated community banks that can’t lend,   . " usually do not involve helping massive oil    companies like Exxon Mobil keep its Exxon Mobil in foreign countries    secret . Yet getting rid of this rule was first on the agenda . ’ ’    " The fact that that’ ’s what they’’re singling out for their attack    tells you where their their heading . It tells you that    they’’re not they’’re about what they say they want they do , " said     a professor of law at the University of    Michigan and expert on financial reform . " It’ ’s not that they want they to unleash lending in the US , it’ ’s It’ they want they let Wall    Street firms do whatever they want they It’ ’s It’ helping families or    small businesses . " ’ "    In 2010 , as this rule was being written into      Tillerson , then the CEO of Exxon , visited Richard Lugar , then the    Republican senator from Indiana   —    one of the rule ’s architects   —      in hopes that it would never see the light of day . " " Tillerson argued that forcing his    Tillerson ’s dealings with foreign governments into the light the light of day hurt its competitiveness in    market . " ’    But Lugar was undeterred . By forcing transparency , he hoped that Lugar governments in poor ,    countries would also be forced    to give    people a countries shake . Exxon continued to lobby    against the    . It expressed its Exxon to Exxon Securities    and Exchange Commission in a   in March 2016 , when Tillerson was still CEO . ’ "    That aside , it could be considered a political success . After the    rule the rule the US , the European Union , Norway , and Canada    followed suit with their own versions . That the European Union, Norway, and Canada    a lot of    Exxon ’s competitors have to disclose to someone , even if not to    the US government . Even    Russian firms have to adhere    to this rule to operate within the EU . " ’    Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters of California pointed all of this    out in a statement last week admonishing Republicans for rolling    back the rule . ’ ’ this rule That rule helps fight corruption in this rule industries    sector , provides investors with crucial information on their    investments , and enables citizens investors demand greater    accountability from their governments for spending    serves    citizens public interest , " she said . " It also helps to diminish the    political instability in    countries , which is not    only a threat to investment , but also to our own national    security . " ’ ’    She also said that    actors like she benefit when oil    money falls through the cracks , and that    countries    like Venezuela and Angola have become unstable because of    corruption and a lack of transparency    their energy sectors . ’ ’   Venezuela and Angola ’    Of course , this is just the beginning of what Republicans want to    do with   . The chairman of the House Financial Services    Committee , Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas , wants to replace it with    something called . ’ ’       ’s dramatically different from   . For one thing , it    would eliminate the " orderly It’ " option from banks . That    is to say , banks would    longer have to have a plan for what to    do in the event of another      —    an emergency plan for a    disaster we know is eventually coming    ’ ’    " There’ ’s an ideological opposition to [ orderly liquidation ] from    Republicans on the Hill that doesn’’t make any sense , " Barr said .    " It’ ’s just a very blinded focus on the wrong set of issues that    will take us back to the    we faced in 2008 , when the us    administration had two choices : It could bail out Lehman and AIG the Bush   administration or let them fail . " ’ ’      Lehman and AIG    up consumer protections for everything from payday    loans to credit cards , student loans to complex Wall Street    derivatives . It even contains financial protections for military    families . ’ ’    " Trump campaigned saying he was going to go after Wall Trump ,    and he’ ’s doing the opposite , " Barr said . " Everything they want to    do so far is an unmitigated    . . .. It’ ’s like they have    this collective amnesia about they causes of the financial crisis .    I think we’’re in for just    horrible ride , and I hope they don’’t    blow up the economy they " ’ " It ’s a good time to be at Secretary of State . .. " 
 