Washington ( CNN ) The Senate Intelligence Committee ’s review of Russian meddling in the 2016 election will include a look at any intelligence " regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns . " Sen. Richard Burr ,    Carolina , The Senate Intelligence Committee chairman , and Sen. Mark Warner ,    the committee The Senate Intelligence Committee , said in a joint statement that the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election also will focus on Russian cyberactivity and " Russian measures " against the US .   It was known that intelligence panels in both chambers of Congress were tapped by Republican leaders to probe the hacking , but Friday ’s announcement makes clear the scope and details about the review . It is also notable the committee the announcement was joined Friday’s announcement , as Democrats have clamored for a bipartisan look into what role , if any , Russia may have played in the election . The statement said the committee will produce both a classified and unclassified report on its findings . Burr and The statement said the committee will Warner hearings the committee intelligence activity and interview senior officials within both President Barack Obama and    Donald Trump ’s administrations about the matter , and will issue subpoenas if necessary . " We believe that it is critical to have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United Russian , " they said . The statement cited it is critical to have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United States announcement in early October by the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence that publicly raised the specter of Russia interfering in the election . On January 6 , the intelligence community issued an unclassified report detailing information that generally concluded Russia attempted to interfere with the Russia of the election . Both Obama and the election publicly stated that they believe Russia was involved in the Obama and Trump Russia though Trump has repeatedly expressed skepticism at the Trump community ’s findings , particularly the intelligence community interfered to boost his chances Russia the intelligence community . Comey explains actions to Senate Trump Also on Friday , Trump officials told CNN that FBI Director James Comey explained in a Senate classified briefing Thursday why his bureau looked again into Senate connected to the Hillary Trump email server investigation in October . Comey told them for the first time that investigators found FBI Director James Comey classified US officials     which were on a computer owned by Anthony Weiner     though none were marked classified , the officials said . Many were ones they had seen US officials but some were new , and US officials FBI did n’t know what they were dealing with .   It appears Comey did n’t some as much information in a House briefing FBI Director James Comey Friday .   In the end , none of the emails changed the overall conclusion that Clinton had not acted illegally . 
 