  ( CNN ) With skis in tow they travel the globe , flitting like fireflies to some of the world ’s most beautiful mountain locations . But the glamor and glitz of skiing ’s World Cup circuit , dubbed the " White Circus , " is not quite as sparkly when you have to pay for it yourself . Take Lila Lapanja , a     member of the US Alpine B Ski Team . " At my level I ’m not funded , " she said recently before a    training session .   The US Ski and Snowboard Association ( USSA ) does cover she biggest expense , the salaries of the training , technical and medical staff who prepare she to race on the world stage . Totaling more than $ 100 , 000 per skier , according to USSA president and chief executive Tiger Shaw , it ’s a significant sum .   But , as Lapanja noted of the    arrangement : " I have to pay for all of my travel expenses . " Air fare , including several transatlantic flights each season as the circuit    the planet , is n’t exactly cheap . Nor is lodging at the top ski resorts in Europe and North America .   chief executive Tiger Shaw estimates these additional sums average about $ 25 , 000 per skier each season , the equivalent of a year ’s worth of college tuition at some US universities . It ’s a significant issue , one the USSA is well aware of .   The US system , which receives no government funding , is among the few top ski nations that can only fully finance the senior A Team . Despite private donations , there ’s a $ 2 million funding gap .   Luke Bodensteiner , the USSA ’s executive vice president of athletics , acknowledges the pitfalls . " The most important thing for us to do , " Luke Bodensteiner, the USSA’s executive vice president of athletics said , " is to provide things for the athletes that nobody else can , that will make the athletes great : excellent coaching , training facilities , sports signs . "   But , Luke Bodensteiner, the USSA’s executive vice president of athletics admitted , " it definitely loads the stress on the athlete . " Lapanja is lucky . Her sponsor , Clif Bar , helps offset a lot of the costs , which also include paying USSA to be a named athlete . Moreover , as a B Team member , Her can also be reimbursed by race organizers for Her appearances .   Yet the numbers are still daunting , so creativity and    become essential . Read : Eight skiers to watch this season , Read : The cutest prize in alpine sport ? Read : Lindsey Vonn breaks arm in training , Read : Shiffrin ’s OMG moment after Trump win , Building the Brand , For Lapanja , this means melding Lapanja personality with causes Lapanja cares about . In 2015 , Lapanja was named an official ambassador for the Snow Leopard Trust , a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the endangered species and the Snow Leopard Trust, a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the endangered species and their environment environment . " It ’s my spirit animal , " Lapanja said of the elusive mountain cat . " My biggest goal is to get in the start gate and have total belief in Lapanja , to be like a snow leopard . " But Lapanja also admires the organization , and what the organization seeks to accomplish .   Such considerations play into how Lapanja builds Lapanja public persona , but the partnership ’s synergy is also a way to fund Lapanja quest to reach the 2018 Winter Games . Through the Snow Leopard Trust , Lapanja sells a    snow    shoulder bag , the proceeds of which go towards Lapanja travel costs . US skiers have , by necessity , become experts at building professional identities , and USSA mentors US skiers in this endeavor . US skiers help athletes not just market athletes , but turn this skill into employable , entrepreneurial occupations .   One of the keys to success in raising funds to train and build a brand is allowing the public full access to a skier ’s personality . And often , they ’re flamboyant .   Racing has always had a cast of splashy characters to complement the seemingly luxurious lifestyle on tour , racing the world ’s steepest and poshest peaks .   But now , according to Shaw , American skiers realize American skiers need to show American skiers more colorful sides to build a portrait of American skiers , because skiing is very much like    driving     it ’s difficult to tell athletes apart on the course .   " We wear helmets and goggles , " he said . The critical question becomes : " what is that person like behind that mask ? " The social media storm , Social media is one of the keys to unmasking the skier , and even the most    US racers feel pressure to continually produce content for even the most   US racers accounts . Many , however , find that Twitter , Facebook , and Instagram allow for more artistic , creative ways of expressing Facebook, and Instagram . For Olympic gold medalist Mikaela Shiffrin , building her brand this way is fun .   " Right now it ’s stimulating , it does n’t feel like a burden at this point , " her said . " There are times when I ’m lucky to say ’oh , ’oh ’s my job ! ’ " Yet , as anyone who has tried to grow an online following can attest , social media is deceptive and takes a lot of time . Most skiers accept this as a tool of the trade , even when Most skiers ’re exhausted from training sessions or public appearances like school visits and autograph signings .   In France , the skier behind the goggles is important in different ways .   The French system supports all of The French system skiers once all of its skiers reach the national teams , through a mix of federation , Olympic Committee and federal funding . Tessa Worley , for example , who is fifth overall in the ladies World Cup standings , is one of 70 skiers paid by the French administration .   While the same pressure to fundraise does n’t exist , social media and building a personal identity is just as crucial for French ski racers’ ability to reach the public . Despite images of    resorts and the heritage of legend    Killy , France ’s love of skiing as a pastime does n’t extend to ski racing . There ’s little live public television coverage of the sport , a hugely problematic issue for the sport current and future athletes .   But for Michel Vion , president of the French Ski Federation ( FFS ) there ’s another reason why social media has become an important outlet for Michel Vion, president of the French Ski Federation (FFS) female racers .   " There ’s less media coverage for women ’s [ sports in general ] , " Michel Vion, president of the French Ski Federation (FFS) said . " If you have a superstar champion , of course she ’s covered in the same way as a man . But you need a superstar like Shiffrin . "   France has n’t produced such a skier in a while , making it difficult for the sport to garner attention , says Vion . Fighting stereotypes , But female athletes also face an uphill battle based on cultural perceptions of what women can     and can not     do as professionals .   France women ’s alpine team coach Anthony Sechaud , a longtime veteran of the ski circuit , believes these stereotypes contribute to the lack of media and public interest in elite racers .   " People in France France n’t think that a woman can be a [ professional ] athlete in the same way as a man , " he France’s women’s alpine team coach Anthony Sechaud, a longtime veteran of the ski circuit , citing the difficulty in getting coverage of Worley ’s giant slalom World Championship win in 2013 .   While social media helps gain exposure , it social media with some strings attached .   " When you are a female athlete , you have to be very good on and off the field , " Sechaud said . For men , it Sechaud a very different scenario , for they men n’t have the same pressure to look good or smile all the time as part of their men persona . Read : Serena Williams pens letter against gender bias   Worley is aware of the challenges to be more than just the best racer .   " For skiing , you ’re in a race suit , you ’re wearing a helmet in the cold , it ’s not very feminine , " she Serena Williams . Female skiers unfortunately need to present themselves Female skiers from their Female skiers counterparts to bridge this gap in public perception .   It it a difficult situation to confront , to admit that you have to be more    by the public in order to prove you ’re just as good , if not better than , your male counterparts .   The double standard is hard and unfair , Sechaud emphasized . Society needs to change , to evolve . " We have to think about women in sports as athletes first , " he Sechaud . Younger American skiers insist that they Younger American skiers not encountered such challenges . But others are quick to point out that the media spotlight on individual personalities like Lindsey Vonn or Julia Mancuso for bikini workouts and photospreads in Sports Illustrated ’s swimsuit edition feed off conventional gender stereotypes . On marriage , Racers like    U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler acknowledge that while such ploys may seem odd or bring negative attention to the team , they the team bring benefits .    " It ’s done wonders for our sport because people know what it is now , " she U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler . " It It us more opportunities , to have more income at times . " The    old finds that gender stereotypes surface in other ways and there ’s very much a sense that women sacrifice more than men to remain on the professional circuit .   " You have lot of [ people ] questioning how long you ’re going to do it for , " she U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler .   She U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler frequently asked when she U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler stop racing , have children , and start a family .   " Whenever I want ! " Stiegler U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler , noting that the same questions are never posed to her U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler colleagues in their her male colleagues to   . While women ’s ability to have kids later in life is starting to change the    nature of this conversation , it still frustrates pros who field such queries .    Stiegler U. S. ski team veteran Resi Stiegler to be an example , to break the barrier , and prove to younger colleagues that it ’s possible to be a professional female racer well into your 30s .   Visit cnn .   for more news and videos , So does Worley , who at 27 acknowledges that she ’s in the second half of her she . Aware that her she days wo n’t last forever , she she to win as frequently as possible to set an example to younger colleagues and encourage them younger colleagues set the bar higher . The morning after fielding questions about whether she she pressure as a woman over performance and her she , Worley Worley to a World Cup giant slalom victory in Killington , Vermont , her Worley podium appearance since 2013 . 
 