Washington ( CNN ) Nine hours after accusing the media of inciting professional protesters , Donald Trump abruptly reversed course Friday morning , praising those same protesters who have come out in the thousands to demonstrate against Donald Trump election as having " passion for our great country . " " Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country . We will our come together and be proud ! " Trump tweeted Trump But the evening before , the    took to Twitter   to call the widespread protests around the country our great country presidential victory " very unfair . " On Thursday night , Trump tweeted , " Just had a very open and successful presidential election . Now professional protesters , incited by the media , are protesting . Very unfair ! " That was Trump ’s first Trump against the media since he the media title Trump    early Wednesday morning .   The tweets also come after The New York Times reported his aides took control Trump his Twitter account during Trump presidential campaign hoping Trump tame his controversial Internet presence Trump They also come after he ’s struck a Trump tone in both his victory speech and Trump with President Barack Obama on Thursday .   For many Americans , Trump ’s victory is one they refuse to accept . They chanted " Not my president " in rallies coast to coast . Asked about the protesters , Trump ’s Protesters manager Trump’s Conway , defended his ability to unite the country Trump’s telling CNN ’s Anderson Cooper that protesters should listen to his victory speech . " I Trump’s just commend the protestors to listen to Donald Trump from his victory Trump where he Trump , ’I will be Trump president for all Americans , including those who did not support me and who do n’t support me,’ " she said on " Anderson Cooper 360 . Anderson Cooper   ’ She Anderson Cooper " I also would tell them Anderson Cooper look at what happened today . Less than 36 hours after being elected president of the United States , Donald Trump and his wife , Melania Trump , our next first Donald Trump , went down to Washington and met with President and First Lady Obama . And I think people should really echo what happened today in Washington . It was a great meeting . " Washington Priebus says he does n’t know his role in Trump administration Reince Priebus " I ’m Mr. Trump was just very happy with the meeting today , " Conway said about the meeting . Conway also would Reince Priebus say when asked whether she Reince Priebus the meeting today position in Trump ’s administration Reince Priebus " That ’s between    Trump and me at the moment . And to be frank with you , I ’m not that focused on me , " she said . " We have transition of government Reince Priebus form . " 
 