’   ’ ’      Donald Trump said Saturday that the only reason    the hacking of the Democratic National Committee is    discussed is because Democrats are " totally embarrassed " about    Democrats election loss , and Donald Trump urged friendlier relations with    Russia . ’ ’    " Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed    is that the loss by the Dems was so big that the Dems are totally    embarrassed ! " Trump said as part of a Saturday morning    tweetstorm . ’ "    Trump comments came a day after the declassification of a US    intelligence report that concluded Vladimir Putin , the Russian    president ,   and hurt    Hillary Clinton ’s chances of winning .   " ’    Trump pointed to " gross negligence " by the DNC as the reason the    hacking took place .   ’ ’    Trump also denied suggestions that the Russian hacking    could have affected the election results , saying " there was    absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election    results " because voting machines weren’’t " touched . "   ’ ’    The US intelligence community’ ’s report concluded that    Russia   —    led by Putin   —    developed a " clear preference for      Trump . But   Russia  —    did not assess the impact    that Russian activities had on the election outcome , as   reported . ’ ’    The    further touched on his relationship with   Russia , saying that only " stupid people " and " fools " would think    that having a good relationship with Russia Russia " bad . " ’ ’    " When I am President , Russia Russia respect us far more than they Russia do now , and both countries will , perhaps , work together to solve       fo the many great and pressing problems and issues of the    WORLD ! " he tweeted . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tIntelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results . Voting machines not touched ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tOnly reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they the Dems totally embarrassed ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tHaving a good relationship with Russia is a good thing , not a bad thing . Only " stupid " people , or fools , would think that it is bad ! We . .... ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’thave enough problems around the the WORLD yet another one . When I am President , Russia Russia respect us far more than they Russia now and . ... ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tboth countries will , perhaps , work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD ! ’t’t’ 
 