If Donald J. Trump wins the White House and proceeds to persuade Congress to pass Donald J. Trump tax agenda ,    Americans will get a small tax cut , wealthy Americans and businesses will get a huge tax cut , and the budget deficit will widen substantially unless there is the type of economic boom Donald J. Trump promises amid lower taxes and lighter regulation . If Hillary Clinton wins the White House and persuades Congress to Congress her agenda Hillary Clinton wealthy Americans will pay higher taxes , businesses will face tax rules that make it less advantageous to relocate overseas , and the money those changes produce will go to fund the rest of her policy Hillary Clinton , from child care to roads , bridges and other infrastructure . That , in a nutshell , is the tax policy choice Americans face when they vote Americans November , based on plans the two candidates have released and discussed in major speeches this week . Of course , campaign proposals never end up in law in exactly the form candidates talk about them on campaign proposals stump . But tax policy puts some hard numbers on the sometimes vague rhetoric of the campaign trail . It shows where exactly a candidate ’s priorities and vision are , in     terms . Elections have consequences , and this is what those consequences consequences like if a President Clinton or a President Trump got Congress to reshape the tax code their way . a President Clinton or a President Trump : The federal tax rate on income over $ 467 , 000 for a married couple is now 39 . 6 percent . Many    families benefit from large deductions for things like home mortgage interest and state income tax . Many of these families also Many   families substantial portion of their income from    Many   families gains , usually taxed at 23 . 8 percent . What Mr. Trump would do : He would cut the Mr. Trump marginal income tax rate to 33 percent . An analysis by the Tax Foundation of the House Republicans’ tax plan , on which Mr. Trump ’s is Mr. Trump found it would increase    income An analysis by the Tax Foundation of the House Republicans’ tax plan the richest 1 percent by 5 . 3 percent . Mr. Trump also advocates lowering Mr. Trump rate on all business income to 15 percent   —    and has advocated that the rate apply to all sorts of businesses , including partnerships and sole proprietorships . That opens up room for people to find ways to turn what is now taxed as individual income into " " business income at that low 15 percent rate , especially those in position to hire tax lawyers to help them figure out the details . tax lawyers example , an executive who is paid $ 1 million in salary could instead form a limited liability corporation to " sell " $ 1 million of management services to his or her old company , an executive who is paid $1 million in salary the tax rate to 15 percent . What Mrs. Clinton would do : She envisions a 4 percent tax Mrs. Clinton for income over $ 5 million , meaning that the very highest earners would effectively have a nearly 44 percent top marginal rate . She also envisions implementing a rule Mrs. Clinton that those with income over $ 1 million pay at least 30 percent , aimed at preventing high earners from paying low overall rates thanks to the lower capital gains tax . She would also limit the value Mrs. Clinton tax deductions , and require longer holding periods to get the low    capital gains tax rate , among other steps that would make the tax code less favorable to the affluent . Current : For a married couple making between $ 18 , 551 and $ 75 , 300 , the official marginal tax rate is 15 percent . But in practice , about 45 percent of American taxpayers pay no individual income tax ( they do pay federal payroll taxes 45 percent of American taxpayers because of various tax credits that particularly favor families with children . What Mr. Trump would do : He intends to lower taxes across Mr. Trump board in line with a proposal earlier in the year by House Republicans , which reduced the 15 percent income tax bracket to 12 percent . The Tax Foundation estimated that plan would raise    income for families in the     percentiles by 0 . 5 percent , and for    taxpayers by 0 . 2 percent . Mr. Trump also wants to make child care   . If the policy were implemented as a typical deduction , it would provide no advantage for the policy 45 percent of people paying no tax and provide the biggest advantages to people in    tax brackets . His campaign has indicated that the Mr. Trump administration would find ways to make its advantages shared more broadly , the Trump administration staffers had no details . What Mrs. Clinton would do : Americans in the bottom 95 percent of income would see little or no change to their taxes under Mrs. Clinton ’s Americans in the bottom 95 percent of income , according to the Tax Policy Center ’s analysis . She wants a child care tax Mrs. Clinton as part of a broader effort to make child care more affordable , and while she has not enumerated all the Mrs. Clinton of what she has in mind , a Mrs. Clinton credit would avoid the problems created by offering a tax deduction and would be valuable for    and    families even if they do n’t pay federal income families . Current : When a person dies , the first $ 5 . 45 million of the estate is exempt from taxation , $ 10 . 9 million for a married couple . Assets above those levels are generally taxed at 40 percent before being passed on to heirs . What Mr. Trump would do : He intends to eliminate the estate Mr. Trump , or the " death tax " as he and other Republicans refer to Mr. Trump , allowing even the wealthiest people to pass along their assets to heirs without being even the wealthiest people . What Mrs. Clinton would do : She would lower the levels of Mrs. Clinton to $ 3 . 5 million for individuals and $ 7 million for a couple . More families would have to pay , and very wealthy families would pay taxes on a higher portion of their assets . She would also More families the tax Mrs. Clinton on affected estates to 45 percent . Current : It ’s complicated . The official corporate income tax rate is 35 percent , higher than for most advanced countries . But the United States also offers a complex range of deductions that mean the effective rate   —    what is actually collected by the government   —    is much lower . If that combination of a high rate but low tax collections does n’t sound very good , congratulations : Tax writers in both political parties agree with you . What Mr. Trump would do : He would sharply cut the top Mr. Trump rate on corporate profits to 15 percent . And he would apply that rate to Mr. Trump and other the top tax rate on corporate profits businesses that currently pass their profits on to individuals who then are taxed at individual income rates as high as 39 . 6 percent . He would simultaneously eliminate a wide Mr. Trump of business deductions . With the new , lower rate , businesses that earn money overseas and currently keep it outside the United States would have less incentive to do so . So they might repatriate money , pay the businesses that earn money overseas and currently keep it outside the United States tax and invest it at home . The proposal would the lower tax reduce the tax the lower tax companies , reducing government revenue by $ 1 . 9 trillion over the next decade , according to the Tax Foundation ’s estimate . What Mrs. Clinton would do : She seeks a series of tweaks to the Mrs. Clinton tax code to try to dissuade companies from moving operations abroad to save on taxes . One provision would change a key rule to make it harder to execute " tax inversions , One provision in which a United States firm merges with a foreign competitor and moves its corporate headquarters overseas in order to get One provision to lower taxes in the merger partner ’s country . Another would limit the deductibility of interest when it is used as a tool to avoid Another taxes . A third provision is an " exit tax " on companies that relocate outside the United States without first repatriating earnings kept abroad . Mrs. Clinton has also pitched tax credits for companies that hire workers from apprenticeships or share profits with their workers . In her speech Thursday , workers said she would Mrs. Clinton red tape facing Mrs. Clinton businesses Mrs. Clinton they try to pay their taxes . Current small businesses The United States small businesses on track to have a budget deficit of $ 534 billion in the current fiscal year and a total of $ 9 . 3 trillion over the coming decade , the Congressional Budget Office estimates . That would gradually push the total debt relative to the economy to 86 percent from about 75 percent . What Mr. Trump would do : He just overhauled his tax plan on Monday Mr. Trump and there Mr. Trump n’t detailed estimates available yet . But his earlier plan was estimated to reduce federal his tax plan 9 . 5 trillion over the next decade . If not offset by either huge spending cuts or a major burst in economic growth , that would make cumulative budget deficits over the decade roughly twice as big as they are currently the next decade be , even before accounting for potentially higher interest rates as a result . His new proposal would probably reduce tax revenues Mr. Trump less than his original did , though exactly how much Mr. Trump not been fully modeled . What Mrs. Clinton would do : Her tax proposals are estimated to increase federal revenue by $ Mrs. Clinton . 1 trillion over the decade . She has said she would use that increased the next decade cover the Mrs. Clinton of other Mrs. Clinton proposals , with the intention of making her overall agenda have a neutral effect on the budget the budget deficit Mrs. Clinton 