  ( CNN ) As President Barack Obama prepares to turn the White House over to    Donald Trump , President Barack Obama ’s offering some advice to President Barack Obama successor . " One thing I ’ve said to President Barack Obama directly , and I would advise my Republican friends in Congress and supporters around the country , is just make sure that as we go forward certain norms , certain institutional traditions , do n’t get eroded , because there ’s a reason they ’re in place , " Obama told CBS News’ Steve Kroft in a taped interview for " 60 Minutes . " In a transition period that found the    often commenting on presidential matters , Obama admitted the    ’s been an " unusual " time . " I suspect the    would agree with that , " Obama said . " Look , Obama ’s an unconventional candidate . " Obama noted that Trump " ran sort of an improvisational campaign " but cautioned Obama against running an " improvisational presidency , " saying it will be a test to see if Trump can build an organization and execute the vision Obama laid out during the campaign . " I think everybody has to acknowledge , do n’t underestimate Obama , because he Obama he Obama going to be 45th president of the United States in about in about two weeks , " Obama said of his Obama . The outgoing President said partisanship that became even more evident during the 2016 the campaign that surprised him during his time The outgoing President office The outgoing President " I will confess that     I did n’t fully appreciate the ways in which individual senators or members of Congress now are pushed to the extremes by their voter bases , individual senators or members of Congress Obama said . " Obama did not expect , particularly in the midst of crisis , just how severe that partisanship would be . " One thing Obama said he will Obama about One thing Obama job is living in the White House and working with his staff . But One thing Obama he said living within One thing Obama hallowed halls is not exactly like people typically imagine . " You know , it ’s not free , " Obama said of the Obama lifestyle . " I ’ve got a grocery bill at the end of every month . Our toothpaste , our orange juice , Our all gets paid . But it is true that I do n’t carry my wallet that often . So I ’m going to have some catching up to do in terms of how     things operate . " Obama told Kroft that Obama is looking forward Obama his next life phase Obama the tasks he aims to accomplish Obama such as writing a book and working on a foundation .   The Obama family will stay in Washington and are n’t moving far from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , to a rental home in the Kalorama neighborhood . They plan on staying The Obama family least until their youngest daughter , The Obama family , graduates from high school .   But first , before settling into his new lifestyle , Obama says he ’s Obama on his vacation . " I ’m not setting my alarm , " he said . " his ’m going to spend time with Michelle . And     you know , we got some catching up to do . We ’ve both been we . " 
 