Thursday on Fox Business Network ’s " Varney   Company , " Breitbart editor at large and " Clinton Cash " author Peter Schweizer said Breitbart editor at large and "Clinton Cash" author Peter Schweizer was " shocked " networks like CNN and NBC will not investigate presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton receiving millions for the Clinton Foundation .   Peter Schweizer said , " I think everybody gets money and politics is a problem and whether you talk about Wall Street or big oil , and money and politics give money to politicians because politicians are expecting something in return . With the Clintons the Clintons ’s not any different . The problem with the Clintons the Clintons the amounts are larger because you have speaking fees , and the foundation , which other politicians do n’t have , but second of all it the Clintons foreign money . It the Clintons not Americans trying to get favors or beneficial action from the American government . It the Clintons now foreign entities . If they foreign entities us to all suspend belief and say people are giving them people of millions of dollars and not getting nothing in return , I guess they people make that argument . The American people are more sophisticated than that . " He added , " I did two chapters in the book on this Russia uranium deal . Donald Trump talked about in his Donald Trump . The New York Times actually took our reporting and did a 4 , 000 word    piece confirming all of it . You ’re talking about $ 145 million from shareholders in a very small Canadian uranium company that needed Hillary Clinton ’s State Department to approve the sale of their shareholders to the Russian government . What the Clintons want to say is there was just this spontaneous outpouring of benevolent donations by these shareholders and had no effect on her Clintons My point is , look , we would like to find out what kind of communication might have taken place . She Clintons her Clintons emails . But the point is , this needs to be investigated and I ’m really frankly shocked that a lot of news outlets   —     I would name them dozen emails CNN , NBC for example   —    are not interested in pursuing the story . This story came out again ,    New York Times a year ago , it was in the book . Hillary Clintons been on those networks numerous times and she was Clintons asked one single question about this transaction . An amazing lack of curiosity . " 
 