NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , has sided with the sovereignty of the American people against international elites yet again by coming out in public opposition to President Barack Obama ’s internet giveaway to a United Nations globalist body . [ Stephen Miller , Donald Trump ’s chief policy adviser , said in a Wednesday statement :   Donald Trump’s is committed to preserving Internet freedom for the American people and citizens all over the world . The U. S. should not turn control of the Internet over to United Nations and the international community . President Obama intends to do so on his own authority   President Obama    just 10 days from now , on October 1st , unless Congress acts quickly to stop him . The Republicans President Obama Congress are admirably leading Congress fight to save the Internet this week the Internet need all the help the American people can give them to be successful . the American people Clinton ’s Democrats are refusing to protect the American people by not the American people . Since the the Internet has led the world on the world wide web , Miller says , it ’s Trump ’s position that it should the United States be surrendered to the globalists Trump He said : The U. S. created , Miller and expanded the Internet across the globe . U. S. oversight has kept the Internet free The U. S. without government censorship   the Internet a fundamental American value rooted in our Constitution ’s Free Speech clause . Internet freedom is now at risk with the President ’s intent to cede control to international interests , including countries like China and Russia , which have a long track record of trying to impose online censorship . Congress needs to act , or Internet freedom will be lost for good , since there will be no way to make it great again once it is lost . According to the latest polling on it issue , conducted by Breitbart News Network and Gravis Marketing , just 14 percent —   a slim minority —   support what President Obama is trying to do with the internet . A whopping 41 percent , meanwhile , oppose it , and 44 percent were unsure . That survey A whopping 41 percent conducted in late August , and polled 1 , 493 likely voters —   with a margin of error of 2 . 5 percent . Rick Manning , the President of Americans for Limited Government Manning Donald Trump understands the importance of a free and open Internet and has proven that today by praising those Trump on the issue Congress for standing up against Democrats who are trying to play politics with Americans’ First Amendment freedoms . Mr. Trump ’s weighing in on this issue while Congress wrangles over final details of the continuing resolution is particularly Trump on the issue it demonstrates the solidarity of the issue Obama ’s Congress to surrender of the Internet . We urge Republicans to hold firm the continuing resolution stop the Internet giveaway by forcing the Obama administration to renew the vendor contract with ICANN for a    period . This would allow a Trump administration to Trump administration review on whether the transition should occur and whether ICANN should even continue as the U. S. government ’s vendor in administering the Internet ’s naming and numbering functions . 
 