Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the chaotic Democratic National Convention . Monday ’s theme is ironically " United Together " and featured speakers include Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) First Lady Michelle Obama , and DREAMers . Outgoing DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz will not gavel in the chaotic Democratic National Convention after she Outgoing DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz booed this morning at a breakfast and Sanders Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) threatened to protest if she showed Outgoing DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on the floor . Earlier in the day , Sanders ’s Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sanders when he Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) them Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) support Sanders’s supporters    ticket .   All times eastern .   —    12:35 : Trump : Rigged Election Has Caused Sanders to Lose Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Drive . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) He wants to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( )   home and sleep . " Trump to Hannity on Bernie Sanders : Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) think he ’s had it Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) He wants to go Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) and go to sleep . " pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) July 26 , 2016 ,   12:30 : Mainstream media " homers " ca n’t stop gushing over the Dem . convention , trying to hide the party ’s many deficiencies . Media that spent every waking minute highlighting neutered"Never Trump " crowd trying to minimize the " Bernie or Bust " movement that caused many more disruptions . " Objective " media reporters who spent every hour lambasting Republicans for not reaching out to " independents " ( Trump leads with them Trump national polls Republicans and Democrats ( Trump reached out to Sanders supporters on trade ) give Democrats a complete pass for not doing " outreach " to Republicans . 12:25 : GOP sellout Nicolle Wallace on MSNBC praising the Democrats ’s bench while trashing the GOP ’s depth GOP will get lots of GOP on the head tonight —   that ’s why she ’s a useful " GOP " tool for MSNBC . 12:20 : a MSNBC of nose rings are being lubricated by tears tonight . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Morgan Murphy ( @morgan_murphy ) July 26 , 2016 ,   This woman could n’t hold GOP when Bernie Sanders came out tonight . # DemsInPhilly pic . tonight .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) July 26 , 2016 ,   12:15 : The speech that almost did n’t happen pic . twitter .    —    James McDermott ( @J_Derm ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:55 : Interesting observation : What people do n’t understand about # BernieOrBust is that these people view # HillaryClinton as What people than # DonaldTrump . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:50 : " For a bowl of porridge . " Woman yells at Sen Liz Warren , " You sold your birthright for a bowl of porridge ! " pic . twitter .    —    Jon Ward ( @jonward11 ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Here ’s video of Bernie supporter yelling at Warren about selling birthright for bowl of Sen Liz Warren , in all its glory pic . twitter . pic Ward ( @jonward11 ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:47 : Jeff Greenfield on Michelle Obama ’s future in politics : I always thought the talk of a political career for Michelle Obama was a    notion . Not now . Michelle Obama is a classic " launcher . "   —    Jeff Greenfield ( @greenfield64 ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:45 : Bernie responds to Trump : Never tweet . https :   .    —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:43 : Palestinian flag flies at Dem . convention : Old Glory ’s Old News To The New Democrats As The Palestinian Flag Flies At # DNCInPhilly https :   .   via @BreitbartNews ,   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:32 : MSNBC interviewing Sanders supporters who say Sanders did not move them to vote for Clinton . One Sanders she will vote for the Green Party in the fall . Clinton says " the main thing is trust " when asked what is holding her back from supporting Clinton . 11:28 : Convention now in Clinton . Three more Clinton of chaos left . 11:20 : Strong " No TPP " chants —   Sanders cracks a grin —   as Sanders says " we have to make sure that TPP does not get to the floor in the    session . " Sanders says he will do everything he can to make Clinton Sanders next Sanders . Though @SenSanders Sanders boo , what he explained is that @HillaryClinton takes the fight forward . @tedcruz Sanders to do same # DNCinPHL ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Tale of the tape : @tedcruz : " Vote your conscience . " @BernieSanders : " Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president . "   — Clinton Memoli ( @mikememoli ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Sanders : " It is no secret that Hillary Clinton   I disagree on a number of issues . That Clinton this campaign has been about . " # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Who knew Sanders could deliver some    remarks ? . @BernieSanders adds this ( not in prepared remarks ) : " We ’ve got to make sure that the TPP does n’t get to the floor of a lame duck session . "   —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:19 : Trump on Dem . featured speakers : Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton . All of that Sanders energy and money , and nothing to show for it ! Waste of time .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Elizabeth Warren , often referred to as Pocahontas , just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary , who she always hated !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July Elizabeth Warren , 2016 ,   Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution . We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system Bernie Sanders bring back our jobs .   —    Donald J. We ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 26 We 2016 ,   Bernie fans are convinced @realDonaldTrump will beat @HillaryClinton —   like this guy , citing @NateSilver538 # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:09 : Sanders now railing against Citizens United and promises that Clinton will end the " movement toward oligarchy " and appoint Justices who will overturn Citizens United while protecting abortion rights , workers rights , the rights of the Citizens United ( not LGBTQ community ) the needs of immigrants , and the environment . And he ’s going over the standard Dem . laundry list of issues —   Sanders , criminal justice reform , health care , etc . He says Clinton realizes our " diversity is our strength , " unlike Trump Sanders 11:05 : Sanders says Clinton " must become our next President of the United States . "   Crowd Clinton " Bernie ! Bernie ! " One VT Bernie delegate I spoke to said she felt " betrayed Bernie tonight ,   just Bernie her head when Bernie said Clinton must be President ,   —    Frank Thorp Clinton ( @frankthorp Bernie July 26 , 2016 ,   . @SenSanders : " Based on her ideas   her leadership , @HillaryClinton must become the next POTUS . " # Clinton pic . Clinton .    @HillaryClinton    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 26 , 2016 ,   11:03 : Interesting observation : So when he does praise Clinton , it wo n’t be in prime time .   —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:55 : Sad Sanders supporters . . @CNN cuts to woman crying as Bernie takes the stage ,   —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:53 : Sanders now calls out the media . His supporters boo . So where are the Sanders fact checking the Democrats ? # Sad Sanders supporters   —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) July 26 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders says elections come and go but the struggle continues # 2016 pic . twitter .    —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Sanders : " This election is about the needs of the American people and the kind of future we create for our children " https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Bernie Sanders maintains that this election Bernie Sanders the future , not Trump , Clinton or Trump # DNCinPHL ,   This election Colleen Shalby ( @CShalby ) July 26 Clinton 2016 Clinton   10:51 : Sanders says it ’s an honor to follow in the footsteps of Warren . He Sanders the hundreds of thousands This election people who actively participated in his campaign . Sanders says he understands that many are " disappointed " about the Sanders results . Sanders says Sanders is more disappointed than he is ( seriously ? From a guy Sanders gave Clinton a pass on her Sanders and signaled from the beginning that he was n’t in Clinton to win it Clinton ) Sanders says together we have Sanders a revolution to " transform " American and " Sanders revolution continues . " He says he looks forward to the votes of his his revolution the roll we tomorrow Sanders    Sanders Clinton campaign says it absolutely welcomes Sanders call vote . @brianefallon earlier Clinton https :   .   his campaign .    — his campaign Mike Memoli ( @mikememoli ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:49 : Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) often robotic and seemingly incapable of improvising to the crowd , about to deliver his speech . Expect the same platitudes from an overrated politician . Lots of @BernieSanders sings on the floor of the # DemConvention ahead of his speech . pic . twitter .    —    Erica A. Hernandez ( @EricaAlyssa ) July 26 , 2016 , his speech than the thunder outside : the roaring ovation for @BernieSanders as he ’s introduced at # DemsInPhilly , to Simon   Garfunkel " America "   —    Doug Sovern ( @BernieSanders his July 26 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders arrives at the Democratic National Convention . # DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:45 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : Defiant Bernie Supporter : ( Joel    News ) 10:32 : Sanders supporters chanted " We Trusted You Bernie During Warren ’s remarks Sanders She accuses Trump of Sen Liz Warren workers in Ohio Sen Liz Warren black workers in North Sanders supporters Trump has said he wants to help poor whites AND poor blacks who are Trump by illegal Trump and terrible trade deals . [ Warren giving a standard speech against a " generic Sen Liz Warren Republican . But Trump is n’t that " generic " Republican like Romney . Attack line not Trump to work . ] The fact that Elizabeth Warren is talking about a " rigged system Sen Liz Warren the wake of the # DNCleak email scandal is ironic .   —    Sean Parnell ( @SeanParnellUSA ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:30 : BREITBART NEWS IN PHILADELPHIA : Sanders supporters booing calls for unity :   10:25 : Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sanders stage . " Native Breitbart " now Philadelphia tonight . Warren says Trump inherited a fortune from his father and Sen Liz Warren it rolling by skipping out on Trump . Warren going over Trump biography . No mention of her Sen Liz Warren Native American Sen Liz Warren heritage . 10:20 : She says we ca n’t afford to sit back and be tired and cynical in this her biography . But will the Obama coalition be motivated her biography Clinton as they were by Obama ? Not likely . 10:15 This election ally Paul Begala effusive in his praise Clinton Michelle Obama , whom they desperately need the Obama coalition . @POTUS Obama Clinton of the greatest orators in US history , and yet @FLOTUS Clinton ally Paul Begala be the best speaker in their family . # DNCinPHL ,   —    Paul Begala ( @PaulBegala ) July 26 , 2016 ,   And here ’s why : Clinton ca n’t say , like Obama , she wakes up every morning in a house built by slaves and Clinton of people , despite the " lash Clinton bondage , the Obama of servitude , the sting of segregation , " who kept striving . ( Van Jones reportedly moved to tears . ) 10:14 : Michelle Obama slams Trump and the mainstream media gush : Problems in the world " can not be Trump down to 140 characters . " Entire Obama speech is an indictment of Trump . Strong surrogate .   —    Cathleen Decker ( @cathleendecker ) July 26 Trump 2016 ,   FLOTUS Obama In this election , I ’m with her "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 26 , 2016 ,   10:06 This election Obama , referencing Trump ’s birtherism , says " when they go low , we go high . Trump says there is one person she believes is truly Obama be president —   " our friend , Hillary Clinton Michelle Obama, referencing Trump’s birtherism " She touts Michelle Obama, referencing Trump’s birtherism ’s lifelong service to Obama and says Clinton did n’t Obama Clinton leave when she lost the 2008 Crooked Hillary Clinton accepted Clinton Michelle Obama, referencing Trump’s birtherism . of State nomination . Michelle Obama says Clinton could have decided that all Clinton the criticisms —   including This election —   was too much but she never Clinton buckled under pressure . " 10:05 : Michelle Obama the stage Clinton . @MichelleObama takes the stage at the # DNC2016 pic . twitter .    —    Shannon Young ( @ShannonYoung413 Obama July 26 , 2016 ,   10:01 : Now Obama be interesting . First Lady Michelle Obama on the stage speak about Hillary Clinton . 9:36 : Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd . Booker , for some reason , rails against " Clinton " and says Americans accomplish things together . Booker says we are called to be a " nation the crowd " and not " tolerance . " He says Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd " If you want to go , fast go alone . If you want to go far , Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd together . " He is talking about the need to " pay it forward " and praising Clinton Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd " Black Lives Matter " chants heard as Booker talks about prison reform . [ Booker giving the type of speech that Clinton is Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd of giving . ] 9:32 : Eva Longoria says she is proud to say " I ’m with her . " Clinton points Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd that Texas used to be a Sen. Cory Booker ( ) energizing the crowd of Mexico and the " border crossed us . " 9:15 : The vile Sarah Silverman now on Eva Longoria with Franken . Silverman now speaking , turning Eva Longoria Middle America Eva Longoria And now she ’s turning off the convention crowd when she says she , as a Bernie supporter , is proudly voting for Clinton , and she is BOOOOed . Silverman Sarah Silverman the " Bernie or Bust " people are Bernie " Sarah Silverman . " Sarah Silverman Clinton as she Sarah Silverman she Sarah Silverman proudly vote for @HillaryClinton . Bernie looks a bit overwhelmed .   — Sarah Silverman M.    ( Sarah Silverman ) July 26 , 2016 ,   Herself a @HillaryClinton Sanders supporter , @SarahKSilverman Sarah Silverman Bernie or bust Sarah Silverman people Sarah Silverman " You ’re being ridiculous . Sarah Silverman https : Sanders    —    USA TODAY ( @USATODAY ) Bernie 26 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Disability rights advocate says Clinton sees her while Trump " shouts " and " bullies " vulnerable Americans . She says she feels bad Trump someone who has " Clinton   Clinton hate " in their heart . She says Clinton sees her while Clinton does Clinton and does n’t speak for her . Anastasia Somoza , a disabled American Trump is speaking Clinton Clinton Clinton an Clinton for disabled Americans .   —    Broderick Greer Clinton @BroderickGreer ) July 26 , 2016 ,   8:50 : Sen. Clinton Gillibrand ( ) says our policies are stuck in the Mad Men era while Sen. Al Franken ( ) who gets a rousing ovation for mention his friend , the late Sen. Paul Wellstone ( ) says he is an expert on    megalomaniacs . He is mocking Trump University and encouraging voter turnout . Today , our policies are stuck in the Mad Men era .   —    Kirsten Gillibrand # DemsInPhilly ( hear that , Jon his ? )   —    Kristina Webb his @KristinaWebb ) July 26 , 2016 ,   8:36 : Sen. our policies ( ) gets to the Mad Men era . convention unlike his father , who could not speak at Bill Clinton ’s 1992 Dem . convention because of his opposition to abortion . 8:22 : Jason Collins says before he came out publicly , he came out to the Clinton family . He has known them for 20 + Sen. Bob Casey ( ) ( Collins went to Stanford with Chelsea ) . 8:20 : Jason and Jarron Collins now Sen. Bob Casey ( ) at the convention . Jarron asks how do you tell Jason Collins kids not to bully Jason Collins the president is one . He asks Jason Collins he asks the Clinton family children to respect their heritage Jason Collins his wife is the Democratic National Convention if Trump disparages it ? 8:19 : SI SE PUEDE : Rep. Luis Gutierrez says immigration reform Trump needed . Hillary Clinton will help immigrants # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    the president    Angenette the president ( the president ) July 26 his children 2016 , the president Clinton Gutierrez says deporting illegal immigrants is a " sick " fantasy and also vows to take on the NRA with Hillary as president . Gutiérrez on mass deportation : ’It ’s a sick , hateful fantasy’   —    Roque Planas ( @RoqPlanas ) July 26 Clinton 2016 ,   Rep. Luis Gutierrez : LUIS GUTIERREZ ( ) now addressing the convention . He says his parents grew up in rural Puerto Rico and were n’t educated and did not speak English . He says they did n’t even have a winter coat and came to the the Democratic National Convention while they were teenagers . Gutierrez , who was born in Chicago , says they Roque Planas (@RoqPlanas) July 26, 2016,  8:13: LUIS GUTIERREZ ( ) born Roque Planas (@RoqPlanas) July 26, 2016,  8:13: LUIS GUTIERREZ ( ) citizens and politicians called them " criminals . " Gutierrez said nobody stood up against the bigotry Roque Planas (@RoqPlanas) July 26, 2016,  8:13: LUIS GUTIERREZ ( ) " his parents better believe " I WILL RAISE MY VOICE AGAINST A BIGOT WHO BELIEVES A his parents WHO WAS BORN IN INDIANA CAN’T DO HIS JOB BECAUSE HIS PARENTS Gutierrez, who was born in Chicago BORN IN MEXICO . " He accuses Gutierrez, who was born in Chicago of being a " Rep. Luis Gutierrez " who calls Mexicans " criminals and rapists . " Trump blasts Trump for promising to round up illegal immigrants and put up a wall . " You have Trump me in that Mexico and HIS Hillary Clinton , " he says . HIS She stands with us   …      so America remains a welcoming nation . " The Democrats built HIS Clinton the podium . # DNCinPHL pic . Clinton .    —    Richard Grenell ( @RichardGrenell ) July 25 , 2016 ,   8:09 : America Astrid Silva now HIS as Dems . trying hard to gin up minority voters who may not be enthusiastic about Clinton —   or her VP pick . 8:04 : Karla Ortiz , whose parents are illegal immigrants , says her parents were always crying but she did Clinton understand why . Clinton says she was born in Nevada and her parents came here looking for a better Clinton . She says she is Clinton scared " on most days that " Clinton any moment " her mom Clinton dad will be " forced to leave . " Clinton says Clinton Clinton wants her to have the worries of an     and not the her parents the world on her shoulders . Her mom , an Clinton immigrant Clinton addresses the Clinton in Spanish . 7:55 : Sen. Jeff Merkley ( ) says " we must say Clinton " to Clinton trade deals like TPP . " No TPP " chants the world the arena . 7:49 : Demi Lovato talks about mental illnesses , touts her support of Clinton , and performs : Demi Lovato : " Like millions of Americans , I ’m living with mental illness . " # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    Clinton    Huffington Post ( @HuffingtonPost ) TPP 25 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( ) talking about opioid addiction . Demi Lovato Trump has repeatedly talking about opioid addiction Demi Lovato trail and how strong borders are needed to Trump drugs from flowing across the border , Shaheen falsely accuses Trump of not understanding the crisis . 7:45 : Sanders signs being confiscated ? That guy is Trump ’s Bernie signs wtf ? # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Cassandra Sanders ( @CassandraRules ) July Sanders 2016 ,   7:33 : Randi Weingarten , the American Bernie of Teachers President , attacking Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( ) talking about opioid addiction for making millions while " ripping off " workers and small businesses . She SCREAMS that Clinton Trump the most qualified person to run for president in her lifetime . Crowd chanting " Bernie ! Bernie ! " 7:23 : Labor leaders Lee Saunders and Richard Trumka Clinton Clinton , but their rank and file may vote for Trump . Trumka   says Trump Bernie a Bernie phony " and not a " tough guy " Trump outsourcing jobs Clinton Lee Trump : That ’s the choice She An unstoppable champion versus an unstable charlatan ! I know whose side I ’m on ! # ImWithHer # DemsInPhilly ,   — Labor leaders Lee Saunders and Richard Trumka AFSCME ( @AFSCME ) July 25 , 2016 Richard Trumka Lee Saunders : That ’s the choice ! An unstoppable champion versus an unstable charlatan ! I know Lee Saunders I ’m on ! # ImWithHer # DemsInPhilly ,   —    AFSCME ( @AFSCME ) July 25 , 2016 ,   You ’re no tough guy , you ’re a phony ! @RichardTrumka   live at @DemConvention # DemsInPhilly pic Lee Saunders .    —      ( @AFLCIO ) July 25 , 2016 ,   7:16 : Boston Mayor Marty Walsh now addressing the convention . 7:04 : Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) touting the work @AFSCME) Hispanic caucus . Her sister , Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( ) joins her on stage as she accuses Trump of calling Mexicans " rapists . " She blames the Democratic National Convention inspiring racism and says " who Trump for says a lot about our values . " Trump Sanchez of California " trump Es un simberguensa " pic . twitter .    —    Hareth Andrade Ayala ( @harethandrade Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) touting the work of the Hispanic caucus July 25 , 2016 ,   7:02 : Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) touting the work of the Hispanic caucus campaign chair John Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) touting the work of the Hispanic caucus now speaking , thanking Democrats for volunteering their time Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) touting the work of the Hispanic caucus donating . " This is your victory , " he says . He says this is the victory Clinton everyone who supported Sanders . Mix of boos and applause . 7:00 : Sanders trying to calm down his supports : We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house Sanders # DemsInPhilly , Democrats Sanders Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) July 25 , 2016 , Clinton campaign chair John Podesta 6:58 : Clinton campaign chair John Podesta apocalypse This upon Philly . pic . Clinton    —    Emily Cahn ( @CahnEmily ) July 25 , 2016 ,   6:54 : Still a lot of upset on the floor about the formal party platform We including " q " after LGBT # DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) July 25 , 2016 ,   6:52 : Clinton campaign sending out whip leaders to try to minimize booing : Floor whip leaders here : Donnie Fowler ( Clinton ) Robert Becker ( Sanders ) Behind the scenes :     ( C ) Clinton ( S )   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 25 , 2016 ,   6:48 : Clinton predictably touting more gun control . 6:47 : CT Gov. Malloy speaking , reinforcing Clinton ’s weaknesses : Malloy giving DNC speech as his admin facing ethics probe over him appointing Cigna lobbyist to oversee Cigna merger https :   .    —    David Sirota ( @davidsirota ) Clinton , 2016 ,   6:45 : Jerry springer at convention : . @jerryspringer is guest # 1 live from # DemsInPhilly with @AlanColmes https :   . Malloy twitter Malloy    —    The Alan Colmes Show Malloy @ColmesRadio ) July 25 Malloy 2016 ,   6:40 : Malloy Mayor Kenney speaking , comparing Trump to the " . " He ’s touting the city ’s soda tax . Philly Mayor Jim Kenney takes the Trump to Philadelphia Freedom . " Yo , Pennsylvania Trump # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) July 25 , 2016 ,   6:38 : Bill Clinton reportedly at convention . 6:19 : New York State Philly Adriano Espaillat , Rep. Charlie Rangel ’s ( ) successor , says he Philly Mayor Kenney be the " first member of Philly who Philly Mayor Kenney immigrant Philly Mayor Kenney take that , Donald Trump ! "   Sen. Adriano Espaillat will be the first Dominican American to serve in the US Congress . First Trump Congress who was 1st undocumented ,   —    Karen Yi ( @karen_yi ) July 25 , 2016 ,   6:12 : Rep. Nita Lowey ( ) says it ’s her pleasure to nominate New York State Senator Adriano Espaillat, Rep. Charlie Rangel’s ( ) successor our first sister president . " Smattering of boos . New York politicians join Lowey on stage . 6:08 : Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) says he stands here in support of Hillary Clinton . He ’s predictably booed Congress He says Trump is trying to " make America meaner . " 6:05 : Rep. Brendan Boyle ( ) no relation to Matt , speaking Trump his father , a janitor Clinton mother , a school crossing guard . Even he is booed when he mentions Hillary Clinton . 5:58 : Trump : Clinton betrayed Bernie voters America Kaine supports TPP , is in pocket Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) Wall Street , and backed Iraq War . Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) —    Donald J. Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 25 , Clinton   Hard to believe that Bernie Clinton has Bernie such a complete fold . He got NOTHING for Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) of the time , energy and money . The V. P. a joke ! Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) —    Donald Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 25 , 2016 ,   While Bernie has Rep. Raul Grijalva ( ) given up on his fight for the people , we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 25 , 2016 ,   5:55 Bernie    chants during Cummings Bernie Sanders Bernie :    5:50 : Former NAACP head Ben Jealous , a prominent Sanders supporter , is now speaking . He says he is proud to be one of Sanders ’s 1 , 900 delegates . Jealous says today is a day " we begin to unify " to defeat Trump . Sanders ’s delegates give we a thumbs down when he mentions Clinton . But boos a bit more muted because of Trump ’s strong support of Sanders during the primary . 5:35 : From Jealous ( ) touts the party ’s history on Clinton rights and then says " Jealous Lives Jealous . " He then , in the same breath , says " ours is the party of unity . " Bernie Sanders Cummings : " Bernie Sanders party does not just Bernie Sanders , but understands , that black lives matter . " # DemsInPhilly https :   . Bernie Sanders —    CNN Jealous ) July 25 , 2016 ,   WATCH LIVE : Crowd chants " Black Lives Matter " as Rep. Elijah Cummings speaks at # DNCinPHL https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill Rep. Elijiah Cummings ( ) July 25 , 2016 ,   While he ’s speaking , " No TPP " chants on the floor can be heard the party of unity chant NO TPP ! NO TPP ! # StopTPP # DemsInPhilly @DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    Annie Tan ( @AngryTeachr ) July 25 , 2016 ,   5:20 : Rep. Steny Hoyer ( ) now addressing the convention . More boos Rep. Elijiah Cummings ( ) Clinton ’s name . This is going to be a nightmare for Dems . 5:17 : Crowd chanting " this is what democracy looks like . " Someone on the floor also shouted " viva la revolution . " Russell tells Clinton backers they have won the Democratic National Convention    on platform issues and NO TPP # DemsInPhilly # DNCinPHL @Newsday ,   —    Yancey Roy ( @YanceyRoy ) July 25 , 2016 ,   5:15 : From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak :    signs on the convention floor .   5:05 : Former Denver Rep. Steny Hoyer ( ) now addressing the convention Wellington Webb compares    to     …      without ANY SENSE OF IRONY AT ALL . 5:01 : DNC issues apology : JUST IN : DNC apologizes to Bernie the floor Democratic Party over remarks revealed in DNC email hack . pic . twitter .    @BernieSanders backers    Nightline ( @Nightline ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Rep. Marsha Fudge ( ) accepts gavel as permanent chair of convention . Crowd chanting " Breitbart ! Bernie ! " as she touts   . Fudge says the floor in a time of " social DNC , hate speech , and war DNC " And she says " Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders for such DNC time Bernie this Bernie " Fudge Sanders’s 1, 900 delegates " excuse me ! " Fudge says she will be fair and asks for " respect . " " We are all Democrats   Clinton so let ’s act like it . " Crowd is booing . Fudge seems startled by the reaction . 4:43 : Many delegates are holding " Stop TPP " signs at the convention . Delegate at the DNC convention holds up a sign that says " # StopTPP " # DemsInPhilly # DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    she E. Peterson ( @MissBeaE ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Photos from Breitbart News ’s team of reporters on the ground in Philadelphia . she Pollak outside the perimeter the Democratic National Convention Joel    News ) 4:30 : Sanders supporters BOO INVOCATION , chant " Bernie ! We ! " 4:27 : CHAOS : # DemsInPhilly # DNCinPHL Outside the Wells Fargo Center . pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:24 : Boyz II Men on Bernie with Bernie Motownphilly . " No " Water Runs Dry " ? 4:22 : Sanders protesters outside the convention hall .   CNN is reporting that Bernie protesters are blocking delegates from getting into Wells Fargo and Breitbart Bernie Sanders in front of the entrance . From Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak in Philadelphia : ( Joel    News ) 4:21 :    says she is the " temporary secretary of Bernie Democratic National Convention " and welcomes all to the convention . She calls the 47th Dem . convention to order . That was exactly the opposite of what it would have been if Bernie Sanders Wasserman Schultz had gaveled in . Quick , no boos , drama free .   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:20 : If you start the Democratic National Convention , and what you get is an insurrection the Democratic National Convention # Breitbart ,   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) July 25 Philadelphia 2016 ,   Iowa delegate @chris_laursen : " Bernie basically (Joel   News) 4:21:    us a bunch of Mountain Dew and now he wants us to go to bed . It ’s (Joel   News) 4:21:    going to happen . "   —    Jason Noble ( @jasonnobleDMR ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:18 : Bernie ? Georgina McDonald is voting for Jill Stein if Clinton Bernie the nomination after roll call # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Colleen Shalby ( @CShalby ) July 25 , 2016 ,   LOTS of angry , vulgar    delegates protesting . " Hell no , DNC ! We Clinton n’t vote for Hillary ! ! " pic . twitter .    —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Says it us : A window facing the New York delegation hotel at # DemsInPhilly :   @BernieSanders , Clinton TPP pic . twitter .    —    erica orden ( @eorden ) July 25 , 2016 ,   4:10 : FLASHBACK :    " gave space " to thugs and rioters " who wished DNC destroy . " 4:05 : Baltimore Mayor Stephanie    is getting ready to gavel in the Dem . convention . 
 #DemsInPhilly New York 