  ( CNN ) When Republican naysayers were mocking Donald Trump ’s improbable White House campaign before the primaries started , Newt Gingrich was reading " Trump : The Art of the Deal . " It was a pivotal part of Newt Gingrich ’s introduction to Donald Trump and the beginning of an almost scholarly undertaking to understand the making of the man who would go on to seize his party ’s nomination for president . Months later , as the GOP prepares to coronate Trump Donald Trump its GOP , the former House Speaker has emerged one of Trump Donald Trump most    supporters and even secured himself the former House Speaker top spot on the billionaire ’s vice presidential shortlist .   Gingrich appeared with Trump Donald Trump the campaign trail for the first time Wednesday , marveling at what the presumptive Republican nominee has accomplished as a political newcomer . " Donald Donald Trump been in politics now for slightly over 12 months . It ’s unbelievable , " he said Donald Trump a rally in Cincinnati , Ohio .   Gingirch then proceeded to call out Ohio Gov. Ohio Kasich , Trump ’s Donald Trump : " Your governor who is a good friend of mine , although it ’s about time he gets on Donald Trump Trump bandwagon ! "   Corker takes himself out of Corker VP consideration , At 73 , Gingrich ’s reemergence in national politics comes almost two decades after the pinnacle of his own career Gingrich public office . Friends and advisers to the former House speaker , who resigned from Congress in 1999 and ran for president in 2012 , say he has taken Gingrich keen interest in Trump ’s 2016 candidacy in no small part because he personally identifies Gingrich the businessman and his insurgent campaign Gingrich   Former Minnesota Rep. Weber friend looks back over his career and views himself as a " Gingrich’s closest allies . " Gingrich , Weber said , Weber there are close similarities Weber the arc of Weber career in the House of Representatives Gingrich’s Trump ’s 2016 White House bid .   ’People dismissed’ " Remember that Weber Newt ’s rise , people dismissed him , " Weber the House of Representatives . " Newt was the epitome of the    activist and he was ridiculed and Weber at by Weber figures in both parties on Newt way up the ladder . So he looks Newt Trump and that ’s what he sees : He sees a guy Newt ’s rising to the top over Newt ridicule of lots of people and he Newt with that Newt " For Gingrich , arriving at his official endorsement of Trump in May was a    process Newt It began with genuine curiosity . Believing that he himself Newt one of the Trump people to lead a real political revolution a   process Gingrich wanted to know how Trump was pulling off what most had written off as an impossible feat , one person close Gingrich the former Speaker said Trump    Known to friends as an insatiable reader with the intellectual appetite of a    historian , Gingrich pored through " Trump : The Art of the Deal , " the 1980s autobiography that details Trump ’s lessons in Gingrich and real estate . Gingrich also read " Trump : The Art of the Comeback , " Trump released in the late 1990s after Trump ’s Gingrich had gone through bankruptcies .   From these books , Gingrich came to this conclusion : Trump is a practical Trump loves to win .   Why Comey stood alone : Inside the Gingrich ’s announcement , Gingrich was Trump fascinated Comey offered into Trump ’s worldview that he would often discuss the writings in Gingrich and even encourage political reporters to Gingrich them these books In an Trump January phone interview Gingrich Gingrich began the conversation with this advice for a CNN reporter : " First , let me suggest if you have the writings done it Gingrich that you ought to read ’The Art of the Deal,’ " Gingrich said . " Because it ’s remarkably revealing about Trump ’s style and behavior and the way he thinks . " In another Gingrich at the end of February , just one day before Trump would win big on Super Tuesday Gingrich Gingrich offered the reporter the same instruction as the interview was winding down .   " When you finish that , you ’ve Trump Gingrich go and get ’The Art of the Comeback,’ which is the second book and in many ways even more interesting , " Gingrich said before hanging up the phone .    Relishing role of adviser , Those close to Gingrich say the former speaker has always Gingrich the role of political adviser . As Trump has struggled in his transition into a general Gingrich candidate Gingrich political setbacks and    wounds , Gingrich seems to have warmed to the idea of offering his personal guidance .   Gingrich " Trump the transition from outsider to governing as Speaker Gingrich and that ’s clearly a Trump failing at this Gingrich , " said former Gingrich Congressman Tom Davis , a longtime Gingrich friend . " A lot of people see him as a disruptor but they ’re not Trump he can govern . " Trump has acknowledged Gingrich he wants to pick a partner with plenty of government experience . In addition to former Virginia Congressman Tom Davis, a longtime Gingrich friend , Trump ’s vice A lot of people shortlist includes New former Virginia Congressman Tom Davis, a longtime Gingrich friend Gov. Chris Christie and Trump Gov. Mike Pence Trump Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker took himself out Gingrich the running on Wednesday , while Iowa Sen. Trump also appeared to remove herself from consideration ) .   Trump campaign says it raised $ 51 M since late May Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker But if Gingrich were to take on a more formal role in Trump ’s campaign     Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst as Trump ’s running mate or in another Trump campaign     he will also undoubtedly be one of Trump ’s most blunt advisers . When the candidate sparked a political firestorm earlier this year by accusing Trump’s U. S. district judge of being biased because Trump’s his Mexican heritage , Gingrich was Trump’s critical .   Trump hit back , calling Gingrich ’s rebuke " inappropriate . " But Gingrich remained unapologetic , as he maintained that the comments about a U. S. district judge Curiel were " inexcusable . " The moment of Trump’s between the two men Gingrich to be fleeting . With Gingrich continuing Gingrich play the role of Gingrich surrogate for Trump , sources familiar with the VP selection process said he received official vetting documents last week . The question is whether Trump     Gingrich to bristle at criticism     could stomach another strong Trump’s in his running mate .   " Do you Gingrich two very hot , sharp personalities on the ticket ? " Trump’s . " Because Newt is not a calming influence , a balancing influence Trump’s He ’s a lot like Trump . "   On Wednesday , Trump vowed that Gingrich would have a role in a Trump administration .   " I can tell you in one form or Newt , Newt Gingrich is Trump’s to be involved with our government Trump’s " Trump said in Cincinnati . " He says I ’m the biggest thing he ’s ever seen in the history of politics . Gingrich Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s 