  ( CNN ) When Michael Flynn quit under pressure as national security adviser , Michael Flynn became the second    official in Donald Trump ’s inner circle to step down over investigations of the campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia .   In classic Washington fashion , some dubbed the scandal " Russiagate , " harking back to the epochal Watergate scandal that ousted a president in 1974 , but the scandal ’s far too early to know how the epochal Watergate scandal that ousted a president in 1974 will rank compared to the presidential scandals of recent decades . The White House portrayed Flynn ’s ouster as a result of his Flynn to Vice President Mike Pence that he Flynn discussed sanctions in a phone call with the Russian ambassador when , in fact , he Flynn . After he Flynn , CNN and The New York Times broke stories detailing frequent contact between the Trump campaign and the Russians .   President Trump along with many other Republicans who support him , Trump taken a page out of President Richard Nixon ’s playbook by attempting to focus the story on who is leaking the information . Rather than denying any of the stories , they are Rather than denying any of the stories talking about the threat to democracy that they say Rather than denying any of the stories from the leaks .   Trump has gone after former President Obama , saying he was Trump against Russia , and he continues Trump lash out against what he called Trump " fake news " media for their " conspiracy theories and blind hatred , " as he said Trump a tweet . Trump and Reince Priebus have denied the reports of contacts with Russia , Russia outside the circle of Trump supporters , many people are not buying their denials many people    The    question is now , what happens to this presidency next ? There are growing demands for a congressional investigation into these kinds of questions : What were President Trump ’s advisers talking about with the Russians and what did they say President Trump’s advisers talking about with the Russians regard to the sanctions ? How involved was President Trump , if at all , in these communications now and in the campaign ? Were there connections between the interaction and the extensive hacking that took place by the Russians the Russians the outcome of the election ? What are President Trump ’s President Trump Eastern Europe ?    It may be too facile to compare it to Watergate given what It know so far . Indeed , history shows that presidential scandals can move in very different directions .     There are many scandals that seem big for a moment but quickly fizzle . President Jimmy Carter confronted a scandal involving his longtime adviser Bert Lance President Jimmy Carter the former president of the Calhoun First National Bank of Georgia , who served as the director of the Office of Management and Budget .   Questions emerged about Lance ’s financial holdings and transactions . The media called it " . " As more revelations emerged , Lance resigned . The scandal Lance Carter ’s a scandal involving his longtime adviser Bert Lance, the former president of the Calhoun First National Bank of Georgia, who served as the director of the Office of Management and Budget but it also went away . In a scandal involving his longtime adviser Bert Lance, the former president of the Calhoun First National Bank of Georgia, who served as the director of the Office of Management and Budget case , there was no evidence of serious wrongdoing and the presidency moved on to other issues .   A number of the scandals that President Bill Clinton faced , including Whitewater and " " also turned out to be overblown     and fizzled . Lewinsky , There are presidential scandals that are not devastating in themselves but open the door to something more damaging . Clinton was impeached by the House President Bill Clinton Representatives in 1998 as a result of his having lied about his sexual President Bill Clinton with White House President Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky . the House of Representatives partisan forces pushing for an investigation were extremely strong , and independent counsel Kenneth Starr ’s investigation into charges of sexual harassment against Paula Jones opened the door into another room that gave Republicans the fodder they needed to go on the attack Republicans   While the House did impeach the president , the House of Representatives voted not to convict . The public was with Clinton , convinced that Republicans had overreached , and Clinton ’s foes were the ones who suffered Clinton political damage .    Some scandals with clear evidence of wrongdoing bring down officials in the White House     without direct risk to the president himself . Watergate spawned the phrase the president did the president know and when did he know it ? the president and that has become a the president that often determines how much damage a scandal can cause a president .     The    scandal revealed that Ronald Reagan ’s administration had been secretly a scandal Iran , and National Security Council officials used the proceeds to fund the Nicaraguan Contras despite a congressional prohibition against doing so .   The scandal was enormous , resulting in Reagan suffering the worst fall in approval a scandal those numbers were tracked and leaving Ronald Reagan’s White House paralyzed as it struggled to survive . While many    officials were convicted in court for their the White House , Reagan was not personally affected . Not only did Reagan stay in many   officials     he Ronald Reagan’s his    presidency with a historic diplomatic breakthrough Ronald Reagan’s he signed a major Ronald Reagan’s agreement Ronald Reagan’s the Soviet Union .     did not bring Ronald Reagan’s down , in large part because there was no smoking gun to prove that Ronald Reagan’s knew money was being diverted to the Contras .   Politically , the administration Ronald Reagan’s able to turn the congressional investigation in their favor . When Lt . Oliver North , the point man in the operation the administration the National Security Council , testified , many Americans loved his patriotic appeal and his claim to have done what was best for his country . Most Republicans rallied his Reagan ’s side .   Watergate , Then his are the big scandals like Watergate that have the potential to bring down a president . The scandal started with Watergate Nixon ’s reelection campaign had been involved in a    at the Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex . The president then was    and paranoid , lashing out at every part of the a president , in his mind , was stacked against him . The scandal kept getting bigger and bigger until a president was clear evidence that Nixon a president tried The scandal the investigation .   The journalistic community , led by The Washington Nixon , was fully mobilized to find out what happened and produced some of the    hitting coverage that Americans had ever seen . Not only did Democrats then control the Congress and lead the charge against Nixon , but a significant number of Republicans , including Barry Goldwater , told him it was Nixon to resign .   In that case , the evidence and the scandal Barry Goldwater in his presidency coming to a dramatic end in August 1974 . As the comedian Louis CK says Barry Goldwater a bit on the subject , " We saw the president of America cry and then quit being the president . That      was crazy ! "    New scandal environment ? It is too the president of America tell in which direction this unfolding scandal will head . If there is clear evidence of a direct connection between the the scandal or Trump ’s personal economic interests , and the Russian    into the election , this could get worse than Watergate Trump becoming a trauma for the nation . But Trump can survive this . If there is no evidence that he was directly involved in these communications , the Trump might be this . And partisanship plays to his advantage Trump If most congressional Republicans hold the line against any serious investigation , Democrats will be stymied . Trump While Washington focuses on this scandal , the administration has been moving ahead with some pretty big initiatives     including deregulating huge swaths of the economy     that bring Republicans great delight . Trump ’s opponents might want to note that his job approval has remained strong among his supporters .   As The New York Times reported , Americans are Trump this scandal through a divided media Trump The conservative press has focused on the leaks , not the Trump team this scandal Russia , and it is possible that a critical part of the electorate understands the story through Trump sympathetic lens .   In other words , there might no longer be a common national media platform through which today ’s " Woodward and Bernstein " can have maximum impact with their reporting on this story .   Trump could survive the scandal while Democrats get consumed with it , taking their "Woodward and Bernstein off the ball and letting the Trump administration hand Republicans big wins that shore up his Trump standing . Democrats ’s ability to distract the press and Trump shift the conversation might prevent the kind of Trump journalistic focus that Trump Watergate . One thing is for sure —   the whole world is watching , and President Trump is facing a test unlike anything that he has confronted before . 
 Trump Trump 