A new Field poll released Tuesday shows that while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton still enjoys a sizable lead among likely voters in California , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton lead is slipping significantly , falling seven points since July . [ " While Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton continues to hold a sizable    statewide advantage ( 50 % to 33 % ) over Trump in this year ’s presidential election , that margin is down from    points in July , prior to the Democratic and Republican national conventions , " the poll reports .   The key , the poll reports , is a drop in Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton favorability . " More Californians now view her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ( 53 % ) than favorably ( 47 % ) a reversal from July July In addition , a very large proportion of the state ’s electorate ( 41 % ) now reports having a ‘ very unfavorable’ opinion of Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton " the Field poll reports . It ’s electorate (41%) that while Trump ’s favorability has increased somewhat from July July the Republican presidential nominee is still seen unfavorably by nearly     likely voters in California . The ’s electorate (41%) notes that Trump is Trump’s winning California ’s California , while Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton coastal counties by a nearly     margin . Trump also Trump’s among voters over 65 , among evangelicals , and among voters with " no more than a high school education . " Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton among voters under 40 ,    and college graduates . In addition , " Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a     advantage among the state ’s Latino voters , is favored     among African Americans and has a greater than     lead among Asian Americans , " though her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is only six points among    white voters . The Field poll also showed 58 % of California ’s registered voters approve of President Barack Obama , while 42 % disapprove . The poll was The Field poll among 1 , 800 registered voters and 1 , 426 likely voters . No margin of error was reported . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 