Sen. Ted Cruz won an overwhelming victory in Wisconsin on Tuesday night , telling those gathered in Milwaukee that the win is a turning point in the election:[Tonight is a turning point , it is a rallying cry , it is a call from the hardworking men and women of Wisconsin to the people of America . We have a choice . A real choice . The national political terrain began to change two weeks ago . In the state of Utah we won 69 percent of the vote , a landslide election , winning every single delegate in the state of Utah . Then just three days ago in Colorado , two congressional districts voted . Once again , they two congressional districts six delegates and of those six delegates we two congressional districts all six . And then two days ago in North Dakota we two congressional districts another tremendous win . They two congressional districts their those six delegates we won all six Of the delegates who specified their two congressional districts , 18 are supporting our campaign , one is supporting Donald Trump . Cruz continued pointing out change over the past three weeks in Wisconsin :   Three weeks ago the media had written [ us ] off , three weeks ago the media the media was Wisconsin perfect state for Donald Trump Donald Trump the hardworking men and women of Wisconsin stood and Wisconsin tirelessly to make sure that tonight was a victory for every American . Four very different states , Utah , Colorado , North Dakota , Wisconsin , four Wisconsin . So just how significant is tonight ? Well just today our campaign has raised over $ 2 million . The candidate directed people to his website to make The candidate contributions . He said : In The candidate last two weeks and in the coming days when Colorado and Wyoming finish Colorado , we are likely to have gained over 100 delegates on Donald Trump . And as a result of tonight , as a result of the people of Wisconsin defying the media , defying the pundits , I am more and more convinced that our campaign is going we earn the 1 , 237 delegates needed to win   …     ( applause ) Either before Cleveland or at the convention in Cleveland , together we Cleveland win a we of the delegates and together 237 delegates beat Hillary we in November . Tonight was a bad night for Hillary Clinton . It was Hillary Clinton night in the Democratic primary and it was an even worse night It her in the Republican primary . Hillary Clinton are the Democratic primary are uniting the we party . Of the 17 candidates who started this race , a terrific , talented , dynamic field , five have now endorsed this campaign : Rick Perry and Lindsay Graham and Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina and Wisconsin ’s own Gov. Scott Walker . Cruz delivered a quote from John F. Kennedy when he accepted the Democratic party ’s nomination , Cruz he quoted Winston Churchill : " ‘ If Cruz open a quarrel between the present and the past we shall be in danger of losing the we The same is true today . " Cruz went on to say : Tonight Wisconsin Cruz lit a candle guiding the way forward . Tonight we once again have hope for the future . Tonight is about unity and tonight is about Tonight . Young people in Tonight once again have hope that we will bring jobs back to America by we Obamacare , passing it , America in the federal regulators that are killing small businesses , passing a flat tax and abolishing the IRS . We will unleash incredible economic growth . Our border will finally be made secure and We cities will end . Truck drivers and mechanics and plumbers and steel workers , union members , men and women with callouses on their hands , will once again see wages rising , opportunity expanding . Working moms struggling to make ends meet will see take home pay increasing , the cost of living falling , and Common Core ending . The Senator emphasized " the fundamental freedom of every one of us to live according to our faith and our conscience , " adding us Instead of us with terrorists , we ’ll rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian us deal . We will defeat radical Islamic terorrism and we us utterly destroy ISIS . We will us a president who keeps us us . To the soldiers and sailors us the airmen and Marines , to the police officers and firefighters and first responders who risk their lives every day to keep us safe , we will have a     us has your us . Jobs , freedom , and security   —    that ’s what this next election is all about , according to tonight ’s GOP victor . He moved on to speak of the American tonight’s GOP victor enterprise system : It ’s what allowed my dad to escape Cuba and come to America with nothing , washing dishes making 50 cents a day to start a business and today to be a pastor traveling the country . It ’s what allowed my America mom It become the first in her family to go to college , to smash my Irish Italian mom ceilings by becoming a pioneering computer programmer . It ’s what allowed my wife Heidi    …      she ’s become a successful business leader , a my Irish Italian mom mom , and every day she ’s teaching our daughters Caroline and Catherine that my Irish Italian mom women can accomplish anything in the United States of America . " That ’s America . It ’s what we ’re fighting for America our children , our America , and Wisconsin has America clear we America free to choose , " he said America " Hillary , get ready , here we come , " Cruz concluded , asking more America to join the campaign . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker introduced Cruz at the election Wisconsin victory event , and Cruz told Walker that he looks forward to coming Cruz to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker this Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to win the state for Republicans Wisconsin News outlets began calling the race for Cruz within 20 minutes of the close of polls Cruz Tuesday . The state boasts 42 Republican delegates . As of the state m. ET , Cruz received 50 percent of the vote , Trump Cruz . 1 percent , and Ohio Gov. John Kasich 14 . 5 per cent . Polls showed a surge for Cruz last week . A March Marquette Law School Cruz had Cruz up 21 points from February , jumping from Cruz percent to 40 percent in March . Trump remained steady at 30 percent in the same two Trump 33 . Cruz could likely pick up additional delegates this week Cruz Colorado . He won six delegates between last week districts in Cruz state on Saturday and also won a tentative 18 of Colorado delegates in North Dakota on Sunday . The next Republican presidential primary will be in New York on April 19 . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 