  ( CNN ) Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    says that Donald Trump would " no doubt " make a strong leader . The comments come as part of a    interview with Erin Burnett , during which    seemed to downplay a ban on Muslims entering the United States that , at times , served as a centerpiece to the Republican presidential nominee ’s political rise . " During election campaigns , many statements are made and many things are said , " noted    who has met with Trump . " However , afterward governing the country would be something different . " To this end , Erin Burnett inquired Wednesday as to whether Trump ’s    rhetoric should be seen as simply a stump talking point . " It sounds like you think Trump is saying what he Trump to say to be elected , but that he Trump not follow through with the plan , " said CNN ’s " OutFront " host . In response , the Egyptian leader elaborated on his the Egyptian leader point , noting the difference between a nominee and , ultimately , a president . " During election campaigns there is a perception based on a certain vision and a point of view , " he the Egyptian leader , speaking through the aid of a translator . " Then that vision or point of view gets corrected and develops as a result of experience , reports and advice from experts . " During Burnett ’s conversation with    she    as to his Burnett on Trump ’s opponent .   " Do you think Hillary Clinton would make a good president , " she    , referencing a woman that    has met with on multiple occasions . " Political parties in the United States would not allow candidates to reach that level unless they candidates qualified to lead a country the size of the United States of America , " he Hillary Clinton of the former secretary of state . In the past , Clinton Hillary Clinton referred to Egypt as " basically an army dictatorship , " comments Burnett asked the Egypt current president to respond to . " In Egypt there Egypt not be a chance for any dictatorship because in Egypt there Egypt a Constitution , "    said . " There is law , and there the will of the people which will refuse to allow any leader to stay in his position any leader any period longer than his term any leader which is four years . " Burnett ’s full conversation with     can be seen on CNN International on Saturday at 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. ET . 
 