Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions has n’t been the only member of President Donald Trump ’s Cabinet to make an incorrect statement to Congress during the process of being confirmed . As ProPublica points out , four other Cabinet members      Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price     also made statements to Congress that were later disproven . Here ’s a look at the Cabinet members whose testimony did n’t completely sync with the facts : 1 . Jeff Sessions , What Jeff Sessions said : Sessions was asked by Democratic Sen. Al Franken during Democratic Sen. Al Franken confirmation hearing what Al Franken would do if " anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign . " Sessions responded Democratic Sen. Al Franken was not aware of that happening , adding , " I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in this campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians . " What really happened : CNN reported that Sessions was a senator and a top Trump surrogate when Democratic Sen. Al Franken met the ambassador twice     in July on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention and in September when Democratic Sen. Al Franken was a member of the Senate armed services committee .   Sessions has drawn a distinction between Democratic Sen. Al Franken role as a Trump surrogate and Democratic Sen. Al Franken duties as a senator and strongly denied ever discussing    issues with anyone from Russia . The attorney general said he The attorney general to submit a " supplement " to the record of his The attorney general testimony , detailing the meetings he The attorney general n’t mention . 2 . Betsy DeVos , What she Betsy DeVos : DeVos Betsy DeVos during her Betsy DeVos hearing that that she Betsy DeVos not been involved in her Betsy DeVos ’s foundation , which has given millions of dollars to Focus on the Family , a conservative    that , among other things , has pushed the benefits of conversion therapy for LGBT men and women . Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan pointed out that she Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan on the board , to which DeVos responded , " I do not . " What really happened : DeVos DeVos said at her Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan hearing that a " clerical error " is what led to her Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan listed as an officer of her Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan ’s     foundation , which made the donations . She Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan listed as a vice president of the charity for 17 consecutive years , including most recently in the organization ’s 2014 tax filing . 3 . Scott Pruitt , What he Scott Pruitt : In his Scott Pruitt testimony to Congress , Pruitt Scott Pruitt he Scott Pruitt used a private email address for business while he Scott Pruitt Oklahoma ’s attorney general . What really happened : A spokesman for the Oklahoma’s attorney general office told Oklahoma City ’s Fox 25 that Pruitt Scott Pruitt his Scott Pruitt email during his Scott Pruitt in the office . The the Oklahoma attorney general’s office discovered during his personal email information request . 4 . Steven Mnuchin , What he said : In written testimony Steven Mnuchin Mnuchin denied that his former bank used " " OneWest Bank homeowners . He wrote , " OneWest Bank Mnuchin not ’ ’ documents . " What really happened : OneWest ’s foreclosure practices included      that pushed OneWest Bank into foreclosure without proper review or due process . OneWest was one of many banks that agreed OneWest Bank pay millions to compensate customers . 5 . Tom Price , What he said : During his confirmation hearings , Tom Price told senators that Tom Price discount he received Tom Price a stock he bought was Tom Price available to every single Tom Price that was an investor at the time . " What really happened : The Wall Street Journal reported that only 20 people were offered the discount at the time . 
 