’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump , confronted about   that President Donald Trump had been    wiretapped by President Donald Trump predecessor , told German Chancellor Angela    Merkel during a Friday news conference , " At least we have    something in common , perhaps . " ’ "    The jab was a reference to reports in 2013 that said the National    Security Agency , under President Barack Obama , had been    intercepting German Chancellor Angela   Merkel phone calls and spying on German officials .     at the time that the NSA had been using    the US embassy in Berlin as a listening station . " ’    Merkel   and demanded he Merkel   the    reports , and Germany launched an investigation into the matter .    The White House denied that Merkel had ever been a surveillance       , and the . But   later said that it was   for friendly nations to spy on one    another . ’ "    Trump made the comment as the The White House a   related to Trump ’s allegations Trump Obama . On Thursday , White House press The White House Spicer     that said a    British intelligence agency , the Government Communications    Headquarters , or GCHQ , conspired with Obama to wiretap Trump      Obama the election Trump ’    The accusation was first leveled by Andrew Napolitano , a former    judge , on Fox News . ’ ’    Spicer’ ’s comment prompted a    reaction from GCHQ ,    which released a rare public statement categorically denying any    involvement and calling the accusation " utterly ridiculous . The accusation ’    " Recent allegations made by media commentator Judge Andrew    Napolitano about GCHQ being asked to conduct ’’ wiretapping GCHQ    against the then    are nonsense , " the statement    read . " They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored . " ’ ’    When asked on Friday if the White House regretted accusing the UK    of helping Obama wiretap Trump Tower , Trump said that " all we did    was quote " a Fox commentator , so " you should be talking to Fox . " ’ ’    Fox Fox a statement on Friday saying Fox Napolitano stood    by his reporting , but Fox News host Fox Smith later said , " Fox    News can not confirm Judge Napolitano’ ’s commentary . ’ ’    " Fox News knows of no evidence of Fox News that the now president    of the United States was surveilled at any time , any way . Full    stop , " Smith said . ’ ’ ’ ’President Donald Fox News host Shep Smith , confronted . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 