Donald Trump , laying out Donald Trump economic plan on Monday in Detroit , said that the nation must " stop relying on the tired voices of the past . " In what would seem to be yet another jab at Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump added , " We ca n’t fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged a rigged system in the first place . " Perhaps that ’s the best explanation for his recently released list of economic advisers   —    a list that has caused a bit of    in financial circles , given that it is largely devoid of names of heavyweight economists who have backed Republican party nominees in years past . ( And entirely devoid of women . ) Instead , his economic circle   —    as his promised   —    is a bit , shall we say , less typical . The prominent of the     list of economists includes only one Ph . D. Peter Navarro , a professor at the University of California , Irvine and longtime opponent of free trade who blames China for America ’s economic ills Stephen Moore , a    advocate who    the    group Club for Growth and David Malpass , a consultant and former chief economist at Bear Stearns . the   group Club for Growth and David Malpass, a consultant and former chief economist at Bear Stearns is heavy on moguls and    moguls   —    all , of course , Trump donors . Among them Trump donors Steven Roth , a real estate mogul who owns a building with Mr. Trump Harold Hamm , the billionaire wildcatter John A. Paulson , the billionaire hedge fund manager Steve Feinberg , the    of Cerberus , the private equity firm and Dan DiMicco , former president and chief executive of the steel company Nucor Corporation , who has been vocal about bringing manufacturing jobs back to the United States . Wilbur Ross , the famed venture capitalist , was left off the original list but later added on Trump ’s website Mr. Ross said that his Mr. Ross had n’t gotten back to the candidate in time to be included last week . And for those keeping score , Carl Icahn , the activist investor and longtime Trump Trump’s , said he Mr. Ross left off the the original list he could Mr. Ross a " super PAC , " which he said Mr. Ross not be allowed if he were Mr. Ross formal member of the campaign . Then again , Mr. Trump Trump’s a virtue of his lack of Trump’s support , depicting himself as an Trump’s candidate willing to make difficult choices . He sent a Trump’s saying as much earlier this week , showing a picture of him and Ms. Trump’s under the headline " Campaign Contributions from Hedge Funds . " It showed Ms. Clinton received Ms. Clinton . 5 million from the hedge fund industry while Mr. Trump received only $ 19 , 000 . " Crooked Hillary Clinton is Ms. Clinton Ms. Clinton donors , " he wrote . Ms. Clinton tweet and his Ms. Clinton council are a bit of Ms. Clinton message , given that he is trying to raise money from Ms. Clinton financial industry and clearly has some the hedge fund industry    even some from traditional Republican circles . On Monday , for instance , George P. Bush , the son of Jeb ( who is   ) came out in favor of the Republican candidate , urging all party members to support Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s challenge is he is trying to Mr. Trump things at the same Mr. Trump : distinctly    yet absolutely elite . This is particularly tough given he wants to be seen as a successful billionaire businessman Mr. Trump also being an outsider trying to work for the little guy . That said , while Mr. Trump may relish his unconventional group , he has Mr. Trump trying to get Mr. Trump more establishment voices Mr. Trump join him . But many of the most prominent Republican donors have Mr. Trump doing their best to avoid associating with him . Stephen Schwarzman , the most prominent Republican donors of the Blackstone Group , Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump , but has so far refused to donate or Mr. Trump him , according to people briefed on the meeting . Henry Kravis Mr. Trump who historically has voted for Republicans and donated money to them , has been relatively silent . ( When Mr. Trump floated Republicans name for Treasury secretary , Mr. Kravis said Mr. Trump That was Mr. Trump when he said that . ") Ken Griffin , the founder of Citadel , Mr. Kravis seem like a natural Trump supporter , given that he describes himself as a " Reagan Republican Mr. Trump " He has donated Mr. Kravis Jeb Mr. Kravis , Marco Rubio and Scott Walker , Mr. Kravis not to Mr. Trump . Cliff Asness , the billionaire founder of AQR , an Mr. Trump firm , has historically supported Republicans , but called Mr. Trump " a disaster for the G. O. P. and for the country . " In March , he seemed to bend a little , saying , " I have to keep Mr. Kravis more open mind , " but his spokesman said on Monday that he had n’t changed his position . Paul Mr. Kravis , one of the biggest Mr. Kravis donors , has Mr. Kravis part of the # NeverTrump campaign , saying his policies would be " a guarantee of a global depression . " The Mr. Kravis goes on . Seth Klarman , who runs the hedge fund Baupost , has often supported Republicans even though he is an independent . Last week he issued a blistering statement about Mr. Mr. Kravis while throwing his weight behind Mrs. Mr. Kravis . " His words and actions over the last Mr. Kravis days are so shockingly unacceptable in Mr. Kravis diverse and democratic society that it is simply unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our president , " Mr. Klarman said . Traditional Republican Mr. Trump also kept their distance . Glenn Hubbard , the dean of Columbia Business School , who served Traditional Republican economists chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President George W. Bush , wrote , " The    and    policies of Mr. Trump portend a    future for all Americans , and    and    Americans in particular . " Greg Mankiw , a Harvard economist who succeeded Mr. Hubbard as chairman of President Bush ’s Council of Economic Advisers and also advised Mitt Romney , said of Mr. Trump : " He will not be getting my vote . I have Republican friends who think that Mr. Trump could n’t be worse than doubling down on Obama policies under Hillary Clinton . And , like them , I am no fan of the left ’s agenda of large government and Republican friends who think that things couldn’t be worse than doubling down on Obama policies under Hillary Clinton taxes . But they are wrong : Things could be worse . And I fear they would be Republican friends who think that things couldn’t be worse than doubling down on Obama policies under Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump . " Mr. Ross , a Trump supporter , Things he thought the candidate ’s economic speech Mr. Ross to be a positive turning point . Mr. Ross He did a very good job , " Mr. Ross said after the speech . " If he just stuck Mr. Ross that , he ’d be in a lot better shape . the candidate’s economic speech in Detroit on Monday Ross called Mr. Mr. Ross " substantive " and said Mr. Ross was particularly impressed by " the whole way he Mr. Ross the staged demonstrators . " It was " mature Mr. Ross of Mr. Trump to refrain from taking the Mr. Ross and getting angry , Mr. Ross said . The question is , if Mr. Mr. Trump his behavior over the next several weeks , will Mr. Ross those establishment names come join his    band ? 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 