The victim of a brutal mob in Chicago is explaining how The victim of a brutal mob in Chicago was caught up in Democrats’ anger over their huge defeat on election day . [ " What ’s happening to America ? " said David Wilcox , as The victim of a brutal mob in Chicago showed The victim of a brutal mob in Chicago wounds inflicted by a brutal mob in Chicago . " You ’re supposed to be able to vote in peace ! It ’s supposed to be part of our democracy . And what happened is , I vote for somebody , and I get beaten , robbed , and my car stolen , and I have no way of getting my wife to and from work safe anymore , " he somebody the Chicago Tribune ’s news crew .   The attack came as Democrats lashed out at Americans for their Americans defeat on Nov. 8 . For example , retiring Nevada Democratic Sen. Harry Reid said Friday that Trump has " emboldened the forces of hate and bigotry " and " has directed crowds of thousands to intimidate reporters and assault   . " Wilcox , 49 , said the shocking attack happened after a black Sedan scraped the side of his Wilcox on Wednesday . " What ’s your reaction as you watch this ? " a Chicago Tribune reporter asks Wilcox Wilcox he a Chicago Tribune reporter shown the    video of the the shocking attack " I was scared , " Wilcox Wilcox . " The car pulled up next to me . a Chicago Tribune reporter    each other . But they hit my car The car he continued a Chicago Tribune reporter " I put the car in The car The light was red . I got out of the car . " The car when Wilcox Wilcox he Wilcox targeted for the violent beating and carjacking . " One of the guys , an African American at the bus stop , said : ‘ Yeah , that ’s one of those white boy Trump supporters,’ " he Wilcox . " And I said : ‘ What does that have to do with this accident ? I just want to exchange insurance . ’ " " Next thing I know , the Wilcox , ‘ Do Wilcox worry about it , we ’re gon na beat his ass!’ Wilcox then punches were thrown , and the next thing I know , I have five people on me . And I fell to the ground I was kicked in the head . They were in my car , five people all my stuff , " he said Wilcox " I tried to go to the car . I got hit my car . I tried to get into a defensive stance to ward off them off a little bit , hold some back , and then another guy some , ‘ Get the car ! Get the another guy ! my car Wilcox continued . my car then when he started Wilcox the car , my driver ’s window and my my car window was open , and I put my arm around it . The guy took off —   he took my childproof back window and another guy doing 70 or 80 [ another guy per hour ] another guy Roosevelt [ Road ] swerving . " " He was trying to get me to fall off , and another guy knew if I somehow let go , I was gon na die . " Wilcox said . When the car slowed , Wilcox let go Wilcox and rolled my car traffic several times . Wilcox was stunned that he was profiled and targeted for what the Wilcox assumed was his Wilcox decision in the voting booth . " It ’s a Wilcox African American neighborhood , " he continued . They started yelling things like , ‘ Oh , Wilcox ’s one of those Trump white boys.’ And then , I did make a comment and say , ‘ What does that have to do with it ? So what if I support Trump?’   You know , a comment might not speak perfect —   I did n’t say that Trump?’   them , but he might not speak perfectly politically correct , but They ’s the Trump?’   man for the job . He ’s the Trump?’   that ’s going to bring back jobs , Trump?’   trade , get the people that are here illegally out , bring back jobs for people that deserve the jobs that have been there their whole lives , that might not have a full education and the people that are here illegally out n’t get a job . Breitbart News has previously reported how the press has portrayed Trump and his supporters as racist , sexist , Islamaphobic , a demagogue , Trump , subconsciously Hitler , and not Hitler but Mussolini . Meanwhile , even conservative sites attack his working class white supporters , saying " deserve to die , Mussolini   and " deserve to be beaten . " The press scoffed at the countless death threats made at Trump , the press airtime to    assassins , in one instance calling an illegal alien who stole a cop ’s gun to take a shot at Trump " a good guy with a gun . " Democratic presidential nominee Trump denigrated Trump ’s supporters on the campaign trail , calling one half of them " Trump sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamaphobic , you name it , " who belong in what she calls " the basket of deplorables . " Some of his American supporters are Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton irredeemable " and " not America , " she added Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton  
 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 