Angel mothers and fathers , who have been forced to bury their children as a result of illegal alien crime , shared a stage with Donald Trump on Saturday and urged listeners to get out and vote for the Republican nominee on November 8th . [ The families thanked Donald Trump giving them The families a voice " after having spent years being ignored by Washington politicians and corporate media elites . As Trump Donald Trump during his Donald Trump , these forgotten American families are the ones who truly have been " forced into the shadows . " He Donald Trump :   Your stories are not featured in the news . You do n’t have demonstrators taking to the streets on your behalf . You have no special interests taking up your cause . And the politicians ignore your cries for help . But I never will . I will never   …      Your cause and your stories are ignored by our political establishment because they Your cause and your stories determined to keep our our open at any cost . To them Your cause and your stories presence is just too inconvenient . During his remarks , Trump invited the American mothers and fathers to join him his address the crowd . California father Juan Piña stepped up to the podium next to Trump Trump a " Trump 2016 " hat . Piña California father Juan Piña the audience : My daughter Christy had just turned     when they found her My daughter Christy   …      She My daughter Christy been strangled , she My daughter Christy been stabbed , she My daughter Christy been raped , sodomized and they they her My daughter Christy body in the field in February in the rainy season . During this time , this person in ‘ 87 he this person kidnapped two other     girls and he this person been caught and he this person still on the streets . When he this person my daughter he this person back to Mexico . He this person and tried to kidnap a little      girl at 7 o’clock in the morning on her my daughter to school . He this person away again . Now they finally got him this person 25 years in Mexico Mexico And man , it is hard to get somebody extradited from Mexico Mexico They they me what I thought about the relations between Mexico Mexico the United States . And I told them they it ’s great if you ’re dealing tomatoes and bell peppers , but other than that , it it nothing . " I thank everybody for being here , " Piña said . Turning to Trump Piña , Piña And I got you here . " Piña smiled and Piña up a copy of Trump ’s book Crippled America .   Agnes Gibboney , a legal immigrant from Hungary , also addressed the crowd . Gibboney ’s     son Ronald Da Silva was murdered by a previously deported illegal alien —   shot randomly while he was standing Gibboney’s    son Ronald Da Silva his girlfriend ’s Gibboney’s    son Ronald Da Silva talking to a friend . Gibboney said : Gibboney family legally immigrated to the United States after trying three times . It took us 13 years . We came with us job contract . My father had a job contract   …      The ironic thing about it is an illegal alien murdered my only son . My biggest fear is that anyone else will have to go through the life sentence that I live with and that the other families here live with . " I will never have the chance to have my son tell my only son Birthday , " Gibboney told the audience . " Next month is my birthday and all I want for my birthday is a my birthday , Donald Trump . " Laura Wilkerson , whose     son Joshua was tied up , beaten , strangled , set on fire , and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate , whose    son Joshua Trump for giving families like Donald Trump " a voice . " " He has really given us whose    son Joshua voice , " Wilkerson said of Trump . " We have Donald Trump . We us have more rights us the killer . " Wilkerson concluded by noting , Wilkerson If we are all ‘ deplorables,’ us are doing something right us " " I want to thank Mr. Trump for bringing this Donald Trump the national attention , " said Julie Golvach . In January of 2015 , Golvach was forced to bury her Julie Golvach child . Golvach ’s Julie Golvach son , Spencer Julie Golvach was murdered by a    deported illegal alien who was a known gang member and who had burglary , assault , and attempted murder on his record . Brenda Sparks , whose late son was raised by a legal immigrant from Honduras , told the audience that Trump is " the only one who has listened to us . " Sparks said that she is " voting for Trump Sparks he wants to protect Trump . Trump Sparks’ 22 —     son , Eric Zepeda , was murdered when he and his girlfriend were " mowed down he by an illegal alien driving without a license . Sparks told the crowd , " Sparks son ’s name was Eric Zepeda . He was raised by a legal My son’s only to be mowed down on the road by an illegal alien . That illegal alien did not one an illegal alien . He ’s out there on the My son’s . And Mr. Trump the road only one who has listened to us . He ’s the only one who has spoken directly Mr. Trump me . And I thank him for that . Mr. Trump I will be voting Mr. Trump Trump because he wants to protect you . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 