In an interview with 60 Minutes last month ,    Donald Trump made yet another pledge to remove undocumented immigrants from the United States , saying   Donald Trump would deport up to 3 million of undocumented immigrants who " have criminal records . " Similar promises —   like building a wall along the U. S.   border , and blocking federal funding to    sanctuary cities —   were a cornerstone of   Donald Trump campaign . But as   Donald Trump assumes the presidency , Trump will face not only continued public opposition to   Donald Trump plans , but potential obstruction by state and local law enforcement who   Donald Trump would need to implement any new policies . In many cases , federal immigration agents rely on local and state police forces to identify individuals who are in violation of immigration laws , and if so , to turn individuals who are in violation of immigration laws over to the Department of Homeland Security ’s    arm . Rick Su , a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has researched immigration and local government , explains the significance of the cooperation this way : " The fact of the matter is , local law enforcement in this country encompasses the vast majority of    resources . " Rick Su, a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has researched immigration and local government added : " As much as we talk about federal policy and the growth of the federal government , we talk about federal policy and the growth of the federal government capabilities are quite limited given how large this country is . " Obama : Reaching Out to Adversaries , Alienating Allies , But the collaboration between different levels of law enforcement has hit roadblocks in the past . Take the Secure Communities program , which originated in the George W. Bush administration . Under the the Secure Communities program, which originated in the George W. Bush administration local authorities shared digital fingerprints of people booked in jail with the feds , who could then screen a national database to see if any matched with individuals suspected of immigration violations . Over time , however , the program the Secure Communities program, which originated in the George W. Bush administration drive a wedge between local authorities and the communities they served . The Obama administration the George W. Bush administration 2014 , citing the George W. Bush administration from governors , mayors , and state and local enforcement officials . When it comes to his promised immigration policies , the    has already faced backlash of his own . From the his , but also from mayors and governors —   like Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti , and Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy —   who ’ve pledged to limit cooperation with federal immigration agents during the Trump presidency . I spoke with Su to get a sense of how state and local governments might process the   ’s proposals . Our conversation has been condensed and edited for clarity . Priscilla Alvarez : Donald Trump has pledged to Trump of undocumented immigrants . What does this proposal mean for state and local governments ? Rick Su : I think it Su implications only because interior this proposal of immigration in recent years has been extremely dependent on state and local participation .    …      If we are going to be talking about the kind of numbers that President Trump is interested in , Trump need , in some ways Trump some degree of participation —   unless he wants to greatly expand federal enforcement Trump . He would need state and local participation Trump order to accentuate the numbers that he wants . But because of their Trump , states and localities have also been developing their own interests and policies on immigration . states and localities : What ’s an example of the effect that federal immigration policies have on state and local law enforcement ? Su : The collapse of Secure Communities would be a good way of looking at it . And this was n’t dramatic involvement [ of    and federal law enforcement ] these were n’t like the Bush administration raids [ some of which , controversially , took place at people ’s workplaces ] . These were supposed to be     in the booking process and the detention process .    …      At first , I think , it was considered to be very innocuous , very    . I think what ended up happening is , as you had more and more accounts that during any encounter with police departments —   whether as a victim , as a witness , or maybe as a perpetrator or a suspect —   they would screen you automatically for immigration status , you started having a lot of local police departments , local police chiefs express concerns that that was making it more difficult for them to reach out to the communities that local police chiefs want to help and protect . Just local police chiefs federal immigration enforcement now is reliant on local police departments , local police departments have also realized that they are also incredibly reliant on the communities local police departments that help them with policing efforts . If you do local police departments have the cooperation of the community , that itself becomes a problem . You ca n’t the community do it from a    enforcement perspective . I the community that ’s when you started seeing a lot of people —   and a lot of communities —   rebel against the development of Secure Communities . And eventually President Obama scrapped it , even though it was originally imagined as something that was it less visible , and much less intrusive than what previous administrations had done . But as a result , it made local communities much more attuned to it kind of relationships they have with the federal government . Alvarez local communities There have been a number of mayors and governors who have voiced their opposition to Trump ’s immigration proposals . Is that an example of the type of resistance Trump may face ? Su : The urgency Trump’s been raised because of what Donald Trump is proposing and because , I Trump’s local law enforcement knows what would be involved if he actually wanted to carry out the numbers . Trump’s …      These are policies and positions [ opposing some federal immigration measures ] that mayors have actually been taking already with less visibility for a long time . So , in some ways , they ’re reasserting or reaffirming their position in light mayors different circumstances and maybe mayors more urgency . Alvarez : In the end , Trump ’s deportation proposals —   and their execution —   come back to which individuals different circumstances ’ll mark first for removal . In 2014 , the Department of Homeland Security said that they were prioritizing people who were threats to national security and public safety . Su : My impression is that the reason why the priorities at the federal level change was in large part because they started having and opening up a dialogue and communication with the local communities that would be affected by this . As a result , what I saw [ over time ] in a lot of the shifting of federal priorities was actually a reflection of what the federal government was hearing from state and local officials . That , in some ways , was really interesting , because you had a system in which the federal government wanted , for their own interest the federal government state and local officials to cooperate . But as a result , state and local officials were able to give a broader perspective to the need and consequences of local immigration enforcement to the federal government . In some ways , the Trump administration the federal government not only an immigration question . There ’s a bigger picture : How dedicated are they to centralize Washington control ? And how committed are they to listening the Trump administration coming in what ’s happening in mainstream America ? 
 the Trump administration coming in 