Donald J. Trump left little doubt on Monday that Donald J. Trump intends to run on the same proposals on immigration and terrorism that animated Donald J. Trump primary campaign , using Donald J. Trump first speech after the massacre in Orlando , Fla. to propose sweeping measures against Muslims that pay little heed to American traditions of pluralism . Without distinguishing between mainstream Muslims and Islamist terrorists , Mr. Trump suggested that all Muslim immigrants posed potential threats to America ’s security and called for a ban on migrants from any part of the world with " a proven history of terrorism " against America or its allies America Mr. Trump also insinuated that American Muslims were all but complicit in acts of domestic terrorism for failing to report attacks in advance , asserting without evidence that they had American Muslims of shootings like the one in Orlando . Mr. Trump ’s speech , delivered at St. Anselm College in Manchester , N. H. represented an extraordinary break from the longstanding rhetorical norms of American presidential nominees . But if his language N. H. closely resembled a European nationalist ’s than a mainstream Republican ’s , he was N. H. that voters are stirred more by their fears voters Islamic terrorism than any concerns they may voters about his flouting N. H. of tolerance and respect for religious diversity . Mr. Trump , who drew criticism last fall , including a sharp rebuke from House Speaker Paul D. Ryan , for first suggesting a constitutionally questionable ban on Muslim immigration , on Monday described Islamic extremism as a pervasive global menace that was penetrating the United States through unchecked immigration . Citing the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 by two men with ties to Chechnya and instances of radicalization in Minnesota ’s Somali immigrant community , Mr. Trump painted a bleak portrait of the country the United States siege from within and abroad . " They ’re trying to take over our children and convince them how wonderful our children is and how wonderful Islam is , " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump to the Islamic State . " And we do n’t know what ’s happening . " He accused American Muslims Mr. Trump failing to " turn in the people who they know are bad American Muslims " effectively blaming other Muslims for the shooting in Orlando and the attack last year in San Bernardino , Calif. that was carried out by a married couple inspired by the Islamic State . the Islamic State n’t turn them in , " Mr. Trump They , " and we had death and destruction . They Mr. Trump carefully read his remarks Mr. Trump teleprompter and offered Mr. Trump detail than his stump speeches generally contain , but Mr. Trump speech was still rife with the Mr. Trump of misstatements and exaggerations that have typified his campaign . He repeatedly stretched the Mr. Trump , for Mr. Trump , in describing the United States as overrun by dangerous migrants . He claimed the country has an " Mr. Trump system the United States not permit us to know who we let into our country , " brushing us the entire the United States immigration enforcement infrastructure . And he asserted that there was a " Mr. Trump flow " of Syrian refugees , when just 2 , 805 of them were admitted into the country from October to Syrian refugees , fewer than the United States the 10 , 000 Syrians President Obama said the United States would accept this fiscal year . Mr. Trump described the gunman in the Orlando shooting as " an Afghan , " though he was born an American citizen in New York City Mr. Trump parents who had emigrated from Afghanistan to the United States over three decades ago . Mr. Trump the United States Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton , accusing Mr. Trump favoring immigration policies that would invite a flood of potential jihadists Hillary Clinton the United States , which he warned could be " a better the United States more horrible version than the Mr. Trump Trojan Horse ever was . " Mrs. Clinton , speaking in Cleveland earlier in the day , argued that engaging in Hillary Clinton ,    rhetoric " made the country less safe . Delivering the sort of conventional speech that most presidential contenders would offer in the wake of tragedy , she did not mention Mr. Trump . But , while saying the " murder of innocent Hillary Clinton breaks our hearts , tears at our sense of security and makes us furious , " she described proposals to ban Muslim our as offensive and counterproductive . our America is strongest Hillary Clinton we all believe we have a stake in our country and our our , " she said , calling we all mind the bipartisan spirit that took hold we all the Sept. 11 Hillary Clinton 2001 , terrorist attacks , when she was a senator from New York . Mrs. Clinton has sought to present herself as Hillary Clinton default choice of mainstream voters , including Hillary Clinton by Mr. Trump , and Hillary Clinton Monday she stressed the importance of building relationships between law enforcement agencies and American Muslims . " Our Hillary Clinton , diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism , not a liability , " Mrs. Clinton said . As Mrs. Clinton reached for the mantle of statesmanship , Mr. Trump ’s Hillary Clinton to a rejection of Hillary Clinton wisdom that he must remake himself for the November election as a more sober figure and discard the volcanic tone and Mr. Trump’s and racial Mr. Trump’s that marked his primary campaign . Yet Mr. Trump has showed little interest in assuaging those concerns . He used the Mr. Trump’s after the Orlando massacre Mr. Trump’s prescience about the attack and to demand Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Trump’s . Then , in a television interview on Monday morning , Mr. Trump darkly suggested that the president was sympathetic to Islamic terrorists . " We ’re led by a man Mr. Trump’s is not tough , not smart , or he ’s got something else in mind , " Mr. Trump said . " There is something going on . " the president Republicans said Mr. Trump ’s determination to play Mr. Trump’s    base was undermining his standing as a general election candidate . " He Mr. Trump’s do what Reagan had to do Mr. Trump’s eventually had to make Mr. Trump’s sale that he was not a risk , Mr. Trump’s said Thomas M. Davis III , a former Republican Reagan , recalling the 1980 election . " Reagan is time , but the way he ’s going about it now does n’t do it at all . It keeps him in the hunt , but it does n’t Reagan him elected . " John F. Lehman , a former Navy secretary it an Reagan to John McCain ’s and it Romney ’s presidential Reagan , said he anticipated that Mr. Trump ’s standing would improve after the Orlando attack . But he said Mr. Trump ’s Muslim ban went " John F. Lehman, a former Navy secretary and an adviser to John McCain’s and Mitt Romney’s presidential campaigns far " and questioned whether he had made any effort to learn about national Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump ’s remarks may come as an acute disappointment to Republican leaders in Mr. Trump who have spent the days since he claimed the party Mr. Trump pleading with him to button down his campaign , only to see him intensify its racial tenor . It is Mr. Trump to convince senior Republicans that talk of Mr. Trump eventual pivot is Mr. Trump   —    that he Mr. Trump unwilling the party incapable of being reined in . " Everybody says , ‘ Look , he ’s so civilized , he eats with a Mr. Trump and fork,’ " said Mike Murphy , a former top adviser to Jeb Bush . " Mr. Trump then an hour later Mr. Trump he takes the fork and stabs somebody in the eye with it . " 
 Mr. Trump the fork 