  ( CNN ) Samantha Bee is planning to go to the Women ’s March on Washington . But it ’s likely Samantha Bee " Full Frontal " cameras will not be .    " We have rented a bus for people who want to go and We ’re just going , " Samantha Bee told CNN during a recent interview . " We ’re not going to do anything there . We ’re going because We as individuals want to go and just be there for it . "   Samantha Bee sees the march     a    rally expected to draw up to 200 , 000     as a " just a day [ to be ] a good citizen . "   The actual inauguration is another story : Samantha Bee correspondents will be on the ground     even though her correspondents did n’t score an official invite ( " No surprise , " Samantha Bee said ) or tickets ( " also no surprise " ) .   One week out from the event , Samantha Bee admitted that more specific plans were still being worked out . But there ’s a lot that the staff at " Full Frontal with Samantha Bee " is having to figure out these days . After the election , Samantha Bee said Samantha Bee was faced with questions about how Samantha Bee series would recalibrate after a jarring election that saw perceived frontrunner Hillary Clinton lose to Donald Trump .   " As we were all having a gradual realization about what was happening , I thought , ’Okay , the show we thought we were going to be doing for the next four years is n’t the same . ’Okay ’s now different . What does that mean ? ’ " Samantha Bee said of Samantha Bee election night thoughts . " ’What is we voice going to be with this    that none of we were really expecting ? ’ " Bee does n’t think Bee ’ve really answered that question yet     and Samantha Bee ’s not sure Bee ever will .   " I think it ’s just gradual , " Samantha Bee said . " That ’s going to be part of the evolution of the show . "   Samantha Bee added : " You [ ca n’t ] draw a line and say , ’This is we voice moving forward.’ . .. ’This ’s something we ’re trying to be thoughtful about . " One thing that ’s not in question is the show ’s success . " Full Frontal " was recently renewed for a second season by TBS , it TBS nominated for an Emmy in its an Emmy season and averages 3 . 3 million viewers across platforms . ( TBS TBS CNN share the same parent company , Time Warner . ) But the show ’s accolades seemingly matters less to Bee than the content it the show’s . Nothing and no one is off limits .   Her Bee recent episode     the first of the new year       the idea of " white plight , " spelled out the facts on Trump attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions , and criticized President Barack Obama ’s deportation policies .   " We ’re doing a show that is speaking to us We We We doing a show that is coming from a real place for us We " she Bee . " We We not making a show based on an algorithm of who we We reaching or what our We are . We We doing it from a pretty real place , which is the only way I ’d really want to do a show . "   Bee ’s passion for important issues extends beyond the screen as well . The a show a campaign to sell " Nasty Woman "    to benefit the Planned Parenthood Advocacy Project in Los Angeles County . More than 72 , 000 have been sold to date . " I feel like it is kind of a special moment , " she said . " I feel like this could be a real moment for the country     for all of us . "   Bee has proven her ability Bee move and stir her audience Bee action , but she ’s Bee not to over state the show ’s impact . Her goal Bee above all , is to be a sort of bringer of emotional release in what sometimes seems like a raging storm of political disagreement . " We really are trying to provide a catharsis for ourselves first We foremost , " she said Bee " And if it achieves that for other people , that ’s incredibly gratifying . " 
 