’   ’ ’    Build that wall . Lock ’  ’ ’    up . Rigged . ’ ’    At the bombastic and entertaining   now    Donald Trump hosted throughout    Donald Trump campaign , the candidate yelled these refrains , and the crowd    chanted the crowd    back . ’ ’    In   a new chant joined the canon : " Drain the swamp . " ’ ’    Donald Trump announced Donald Trump   that day , pledging to " make    our government honest once again . " ’ ’    Yet Donald Trump is   with    Washington lobbyists and GOP veterans , prompting some to question    whether    really will " drain the swamp , " and cleanse Washington   Washington of political insiders who are out of touch with ordinary    Americans . ’ ’    Back when malaria was a   and Europe , draining swamps was an effective way to    kill the mosquitoes that bred there and spread the disease . ’ ’    The first person to apply the term to politics was a Democrat .    " Socialists are not satisfied with killing a few of the    mosquitoes which come from the capitalist swamp , " . " They Socialists to drain the the capitalist swamp " ’ ’    Trump likely drew his inspiration Trump the phrase from President    . In 1980 , Reagan called to   in Washington , and created    the Grace Commission , which identified   that could be    cut . ’ ’    The commission’ ’s report   and categorized necessary    spending as " wasteful , " so   on its recommendations    ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWow ! I hear you Warren , Michigan . Streaming live    join us America . It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Watch :   ’ "    The kicker is that Washington was n’t even built on a swamp .    That ’s a   since the city Washington a    area    between the Anacostia and Potomoc rivers , as   . " "    Furthermore , draining a swamp is   to it , environmentally a swamp .    It ’s    a swamp the   in some municipalities of the US . " ’    Draining an actual swamp can   from the environment that plants ,    animals ,    other creatures need to survive . ’ ’    It sure is catchy , though . ’ 
 