  ( CNN ) Three US soldiers were killed and another wounded during a joint    military operation Saturday in Nangarhar province , US officials told  (CNN) . The Pentagon named Three US soldiers Monday as Sgt . Eric M. Houck , 25 , of Baltimore Sgt . William M. Bays , 29 , of Barstow , California and Cpl . Dillon C. Baldridge , 22 , of Youngsville , North Carolina .   On Monday evening Vice President Pence was at Dover Air Force Base to attend the dignified transfer of the three soldiers . Pence stood Vice President Pence his hand over his heart his the flag draped caskets were brought off the plane . An American official said the soldiers the three soldiers in an apparent insider attack , also known as a "   " incident because of the    system used by NATO . During such assaults , members of the Afghan security forces are known to target US and other NATO soldiers . NATO The shooter in Saturday ’s incident was an Afghan army commando , Nangarhar provincial spokesman Attaullah Khogyani said . He said the Nangarhar provincial spokesman Attaullah Khogyani was killed by Afghan forces .   The shootings occurred in the Achin District , where US and Afghan troops have been carrying out a monthslong offensive against a local affiliate of ISIS , officials said . Taliban claim responsibility , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Taliban said the militants claimed responsibility for the attack . " A Mujahid ( freedom fighter ) infiltrator of the Islamic Emirate who had enrolled himself in the A Mujahid (freedom fighter) infiltrator of the Islamic Emirate who had enrolled himself in the Kabul government’s army government ’s army attacked American soldiers in Lata Band area of Achin District in Nangarhar province today in the afternoon , " said a written statement in Pashto obtained by CNN . " The American invaders were there to support their Afghan slaves The American invaders " US President Donald Trump was briefed on the shootings , and Vice President Mike Pence said Saturday that details of the attack would be forthcoming . " When heroes fall , Americans grieve , " Pence said Saturday Vice President Mike Pence " Saturday thoughts and prayers are with the families of these American heroes . " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer acknowledged the deaths in his Monday briefing White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer " The incident is currently under investigation , but our thoughts and Our prayers are Our the families of these American heroes who lost their lives in our thoughts and our prayers tragic event , " Spicer said . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer US military spokesman in Afghanistan said the military " will release more information when appropriate . " Soldiers’ families mourn , Houck had two children , 5 and 3 , and was due to come home next month , his father , Houck , told CNN affiliate WBAL . " He is a Houck , " Mike Houck told Houck . " You realize that important person you love is never coming back into your life , " he added . " Houck ’ll always be Houck my heart . He ’ll always be Houck my thoughts . " Baldridge was also supposed to return home this summer . Family members told CNN affiliate WRAL he CNN to Afghanistan Houck October and was due back in August . Russell Holloman , the Holloman who graduated in 2012 , was a kindhearted and giving person . " He made an early Houck to the military during his high school career Houck maintained that focus and selfless dedication after graduation , " Holloman said in a statement . " Our community has truly lost a hero . " Afghan police killed in another incident , In Kabul , meanwhile , the US military command said an unspecified number of Afghan police were killed and wounded in a " friendly fire " incident during a joint    operation overnight Saturday . US Forces Afghanistan said members of the Afghan Border Police in Helmand province were killed and wounded during an operation involving US and Afghan defense and security forces .   The deaths occurred when a US aircraft fired on Afghan police , said Omar Zawak , spokesman for the governor of Helmand .   US Forces Afghanistan was investigating the incident . Two US service members killed in April , US and coalition casualties in Afghanistan have become rarer in recent years , falling dramatically since the Afghanistan government assumed responsibility for combat operations in 2014 . But in late April , two US service members were killed and another wounded while conducting a joint raid in the Achin District , a Pentagon spokesman said . The operation was targeting    the terrorist group ’s Afghanistan affiliate . Achin District is the primary base of operations for Afghanistan in Afghanistan and has been the site of multiple joint    counterterrorism missions Afghanistan A US Army Special Forces soldier was killed fighting the terrorist group there in early April .   The district is also where the United States dropped one of its Achin District bombs , killing close to 100 ISIS fighters , according Achin District Afghan officials . Beginning in 2016 , Afghan ISIS forces backed by US military advisers launched a major offensive against Afghan . Gen. John W. Nicholson , commander of US Forces Afghanistan , ISIS said the terrorist group has lost about half its fighters and been ejected from    of its territory . The latest the terrorist group push began in March of this year the terrorist group US officials estimate ISIS has 600 to 800 fighters in the country , mostly former members ISIS other regional terrorist groups , such as the Pakistani Taliban and Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan . ISIS is believed to be behind a series of terrorist attacks , including ISIS recent fatal attack on a hospital in Kabul . There are about 8 , 400 US troops in Afghanistan . The US counterterrorism mission is separate from the    effort to train , advise and assist the Afghan army and police force in the fight against the Taliban . 
 