Washington ( CNN ) First lady Melania Trump spent part of First lady Melania Trump Friday crafting at the Children ’s National Health System in Washington , working with the Children’s as they the Children’s a floral coloring sheet with a pink marker and bonding with one girl who was celebrating a birthday .   " My birthday was this Wednesday , " First lady Melania Trump told First lady Melania Trump . The table of crafters continued to talk about birthdays , including President Donald Trump ’s , which is in June .   " He ’s 70 , " the First lady Melania Trump when asked how old her husband is First lady Melania Trump   She asked the First lady Melania Trump their favorite books and the children , and after several minutes of crafting , she thanked them First lady Melania Trump spending time the children . One young patient presented her with a First lady Melania Trump .   " That ’s so nice , " she said . First lady Melania Trump Beautiful ! I love it . "   Friday ’s visit was another sign of a reluctant first lady becoming more comfortable in her new role First lady Melania Trump 100 days in to the Trump administration . Out of the spotlight , The first lady First lady Melania Trump days have been largely characterized by her absence from Washington and First lady Melania Trump spotlight she made the unprecedented , First lady Melania Trump decision to stay home at Trump Tower in New York with son , Barron , 11 , through the conclusion of the school year .   It ’s still unclear when precisely she will make her move First lady Melania Trump the White First lady Melania Trump , but there are signs that the wheels are in motion : Official White House interior decorator Tham Kannalikham continues to make the house a home for the the White House according to the White House . The role of the White House with no instruction manual , and each of her predecessors have made their own mark , some first lady political , some each of her predecessors private . Trump , who was born in Slovenia , has faced a learning curve in her new position .    " The fact that first lady did not grow up in the US has first lady it more difficult for her because it is a position with no definition first lady no job description and she did n’t grow up watching first ladies as first lady of American culture , " said Kate Andersen Brower , author of " First Women Andersen Brower do not want the first lady to be involved in policy , so she is carving out a more private , less political role than we ’ve ever seen , " Andersen Brower said .   Trump has eased her way into the role , performing the first lady traditional first lady duty of America ’s official hostess initially traveling to Washington rarely , but more frequently in recent weeks . She ’s participated the first lady key events , hosting the 179th annual White House Easter Egg Roll America welcoming governors and spouses at the formal Governors Ball .   And she was by her the first lady ’s side throughout the inaugural festivities she watched as he gave an address to a joint session of Congress she joined him to award a Purple Heart at the first lady Reed and the first lady spoke in front of Senate and Cabinet the first lady on Wednesday her husband’s as well as other major moments .   She the first lady to her husband’s her platform and build her East Wing staff . the first lady ’s children ’s hospital visit was another sign of how she ’s embracing the role .   Key events the first lady One of her the first lady ’s first tests the first lady the Governors Ball , a    social event held in the State Dining Room . the first lady chose " spring renewal " as the theme .   " the first lady am proud to invite all the governors to the White House for this important annual event , " she said the first lady a statement . " Tonight , we come together as one Nation , leaving political labels and partisan interests behind . " She ’s also hosted the spouses of world the first lady , including Japanese first lady Akie Abe , Israel ’s Sara Netanyahu , China ’s Madame Peng Liyuan , Queen Rania of Jordan and the first lady first lady Juliana Awada .   And she planned this year ’s Easter egg roll , which welcomed more than 20 , 000 guests to White House grounds . Trump studied egg rolls past and designed an event that would first lady Juliana Awada.   return to tradition , with activities such as cookie decorating and thank you cards for the troops , and highlight her own family ’s interests , including a DC United demonstration for soccer fan , Barron .   It received widely positive reviews : " All seemed to go off without a hitch first lady Juliana Awada.   " said The Washington Post . The New York Times : " The mood was cheery despite the clouds and an occasional downpour , and the Trumps played warm hosts . " USA Today : " Soggy but solid . " The White House also hosted its annual spring garden tour last weekend .   " @POTUS   I are pleased to welcome visitor ’s @WhiteHouse # Spring garden tour . We hope everyone enjoys exploring the beautiful grounds The White House " she tweeted .   Defining a platform , Melania Trump ’s role as first lady came with a    megaphone . " First ladies have this automatic , powerful platform , even though their position is not codified , " Anita McBride , who served as chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush , told CNN . " They really get to pick and choose First ladies they want to work on . " " For Laura Bush , education , for Mrs. Obama , it started out with concern about her First ladies children . So it ’s something that First ladies care about . .. " McBride said . first lady Laura Bush that , you utilize the convening authority that you have as first lady to Mrs. Obama the best experts together it Having the platform of the White House brings attention to the issue . Once you use your own background and interest as a platform to build your initiatives , then you can roll out the things you feel most passionately about . " During the campaign , Trump said she would seek to champion combating cyberbullying as first lady . However , it ’s not a topic she ’s actively embraced in her first 100 days . More recently , she has identified Trump ’s empowerment and access to education for women and girls as a key platform for her East Trump . " I hope Trump will seize on her unparalleled opportunity to Trump issues in need of a champion , " said Anne MacDonald , a former staffer in Laura Bush Trump East Wing .   Trump gave Trump ,    remarks Trump the first time as first lady late last month at the 2017 Secretary of State ’s International Women of Courage Awards . She called for women ’s empowerment and celebration of diversity in a speech that was widely praised . " As leaders of our shared global economy , we must continue to work towards gender Trump and respect for people from all backgrounds and ethnicities , remembering always that we are all ultimately members of one race , the human race , our the first lady said . " Each one of us is uniquely different . "   " Together , we our declare that the era of allowing brutality against women and children is over Trump that the time for empowering women around the world is now , " she said . " For us women are diminished , the entire world is diminished with them . "   She highlighted International Women ’s Day with an    luncheon at the White House , where Trump spoke about equality , freedom and the responsibility women the world each other achieve success . women " Trump an immigrant myself , having grown up in a communist society , I know all Trump well the value and importance of freedom and equal opportunity     ideals which this great nation was founded and has continued to strive towards throughout its history , " Trump said , according to her prepared remarks obtained by CNN from Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , senior adviser and chief strategist to the first lady . Trump cited education as a way to prevent this great nation inequality and pledged her support to help bridge Trump divide for women . While she has n’t spoken publicly about cyberbullying at all , when model and actress Emily Trump spoke out against a journalist who disparaged Melania Trump , the Trump lady took to Twitter to thank Ratajkowski for her support Trump   " Applause to all women around the world who speak up , stand up and support other women ! @emrata # PowerOfEveryWoman # PowerOfTheFirstLady the first lady Trump wrote in a rare tweet from actress Emily Ratajkowski @FLOTUS account . Trump has also subtly signaled other platform priorities     she has now made three separate visits to children ’s hospitals , and earlier this month , she visited a local shelter for abused women and children in South Florida . Melania Trump Staffing up , Melania Trump ’s East Wing Melania Trump still coming together , her hiring pace lagging behind other first ladies during this time , Melania Trump because she is not yet living in the White House .   " I am putting together a professional and highly experienced team which will take time Melania Trump do properly , " Trump said in a statement in early February . Melania Trump That staffing gap caused a delay in carrying out some duties , such as White House tours , which were not    to the public until Trump 7 .   " She needed more staff earlier to help her shape her image , " Andersen Brower said . " Michelle Obama had 24 staffers , and I believe Melania has four or five . " Chief of staff Lindsay Reynolds was Melania Trump first official hire , nearly Andersen Brower Melania Trump inauguration Melania Trump Reynolds previously Mrs. Obama the George W. Bush White House and brought experience in fundraising , event management and logistics to the East Wing . Later that week , the office Chief of staff Lindsay Reynolds the first lady named    interior designer Tham Kannalikham as Chief of staff Lindsay Reynolds official decorator of the Trump ’s private living quarters .   The following week , Trump her East Wing Niceta Lloyd , known as Rickie , as White House social secretary . The social secretary oversees the planning and execution of all White House Trump events , according to a White House statement , including Trump dinners , parties , official    events , and the first lady ’s initiatives . the George W. Bush White House took over as head White House social secretary House visitors office along the way , the George W. Bush White House as she prepared for the egg roll the George W. Bush White House was n’t until late March Trump Wing got an official spokesperson , snagging White House deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham to serve as the first lady ’s communications director . Grisham was the director of traveling press during the 2016 campaign , and Daniel Fisher relationships will be helpful her East Wing messaging between the East and West wings .   Trump has also been working with the George W. Bush White House and former Vogue events director Wolkoff , who has been an acting senior adviser and chief strategist . White House deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham Mrs. Trump is honored to serve this country and Trump taking the White House deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham and responsibilities of first lady White House deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham seriously , " Wolkoff said in a February statement . " The first lady is going to Trump her role in a pragmatic Trump way that is unique and authentic to her . "   But that pragmatism paved the way for a misstep at the beginning of her tenure .   " Trump first lady of Japan Akie Abe accompanied Trump husband to Washington , the first lady was noticeably absent ( she joined Trump later at    . ) And that was embarrassing since it is the first lady ’s Trump to play hostess , " Andersen Brower said , Washington that Trump is now Trump becoming more aware of Trump "   Several weeks later when Trump Rania Trump Jordan visited , Trump was on hand , hosting the Andersen Brower lunch Trump House and touring a local public charter school for girls . She visited a school in South Florida with Madame Peng and stopped Melania Trump Smithsonian ’s National Museum of African American History and Culture .    McBride the White House by Trump ’s actions thus far .   Melania Trump She set a marker very early on , which from my perspective lowered the expectations for how quickly she was going to move on things , " she South Florida Queen Rania of Jordan Trump was going to do this on her own time and stay true to herself . I have looked at her activities and her assuming this role through that lens , and I have to say I Queen Rania of Jordan been very impressed , " McBride said , citing her visits with the spouses of heads of Queen Rania of Jordan . " She ’s made conscious decisions of Queen Rania of Jordan to share with them Queen Rania of Jordan where she wanted to take them Queen Rania of Jordan " she said . " To Queen Rania of Jordan , that exhibited McBride sense Queen Rania of Jordan diplomatic skill Queen Rania of Jordan , frankly , you would expect out of a person who speaks five languages and was born in another country . "   Queen Rania of Jordan is also still learning to work with the press . Queen Rania of Jordan of the events she has attended have been closed to press , Queen Rania of Jordan opportunities for positive them , such Queen Rania of Jordan her first visit to Queen Rania of Jordan ’s National Health System in March and her speech to Senate spouses at the National Gallery of Art earlier this week . She posted on Melania Trump media following both of those visits .    Trump has not yet given any public interviews on her own in the Queen Rania of Jordan 100 days , although she appeared alongside her husband on " Fox   Friends " during Queen Rania of Jordan egg roll . 
 Melania Trump the egg roll Queen Rania of Jordan Queen Rania of Jordan Queen Rania of Jordan Queen Rania of Jordan Queen Rania of Jordan 