  ( CNN ) They are an unlikely pair .   One is the son of a multimillionaire real estate developer from New York City who avoided service in Vietnam and whose experience and knowledge of the military and the national security realm are close to zero . The other is a retired    general     one of nine children who grew up in a small house in Middletown , Rhode Island . He went on to run intelligence for the US Joint Special Operations Command , which includes SEAL Team 6 and Delta Force . Later He commanded the Defense Intelligence Agency , the US military ’s overall intelligence organization .   But riding on a wave of ultranationalistic rhetoric , Donald Trump and Donald Trump top adviser on national security , retired US Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , have now catapulted from political outsiders to the White House . Last Friday , Donald Trump appointed Flynn as one of five vice chairs of Donald Trump transition team . On Thursday , Donald Trump offered Flynn the role of national security advisor , a transition official told CNN . Flynn ’s advice to the    is all the more important because Flynn is the only person on Donald Trump team with any significant experience in America ’s     wars that continue to grind on in Afghanistan , Iraq , Libya , Pakistan , Somalia , Syria and Yemen . Insiders spurned Trump , Compounding Flynn ’s importance to the Trump national security team , more than 100 top Republican national security insiders earlier this year publicly signed two separate letters that warned that Trump Trump be " the most reckless president in American history " and charging that he Trump " the character , values , and experience to be president . " The Republican insiders who took a public stand against Trump Trump Gen. Michael Hayden , the CIA director under President George W. Bush Fran Townsend , Bush ’s top counterterrorism adviser , Michael Chertoff , Bush Bush’s of homeland security and Meghan O’Sullivan , Bush Bush Bush’s adviser .   Since Trump Trump not quick to forgive the merest of slights it ’s hard to imagine him Trump on any of the officials who have publicly taken a stand against him Trump serve in key national security slots . To be sure , earlier this year , Trump Trump receive the endorsement of 88 retired general and admirals .   But according to CNN military analyst , retired Lt . Gen. Mark Hertling , who was one of the top American generals in Iraq from 2007 to 2008 , the flag officers who signed the letter of support for Trump Trump largely those without any experience of the war against al Qaeda and its allies . al Qaeda " I did n’t recognize many of those names as being there in the fight with me over the last 16 years , " Hertling told CNN when the flag officers the flag officers who signed the letter of support for Trump September . Which bring us back to Flynn , who not only is an enthusiastic public booster of Trump Trump but also has serious credentials in the fight against al Qaeda in Iraq     the parent organization of ISIS     because he ran the intelligence operations that helped put al Qaeda on the run al Qaeda country in 2007 .   Half a decade later , Flynn was the general in charge of the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) . When Flynn was the DIA director he Flynn of the rise of Flynn would become ISIS . Flynn debuted on the public stage Flynn he made a fiery speech of Flynn for Trump at the Republican convention in July charging that President Obama and Hillary Clinton had betrayed the ideals of their country and even led the President Obama and Hillary Clinton in chants of " Lock her up ! " Generals who Hillary Clinton served with Flynn were puzzled at this performance , which went against their code to not take such Generals who had served with Flynn partisan positions , even in retirement . So too had retired Gen. John Allen , who gave his own    speech in support of Hillary Clinton at the Democratic convention . The former chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Martin Dempsey , went public with his critique of Flynn and Allen his a letter to the Washington Post in July . A registered Democrat , Flynn became a vocal critic of Flynn Obama administration after he was forced out of his Flynn post in 2014 . Flynn had pushed for more DIA Flynn to serve in the DIA zones rather than at DIA headquarters in Washington . This DIA an excellent idea but it ruffled bureaucratic feathers at DIA This which may have played a part in being Flynn ousted .   In his Flynn , Flynn says his removal came because Flynn testified his 2014 before a his committee that the jihadist terrorist threat was growing , not declining , as was the official Obama administration line at the time . Flynn , of course , was Flynn about the growing threat . Flynn ’s the jihadist terrorist threat the Flynn role that Flynn has already played for Trump Flynn the role going forward that he will likely play during the Flynn presidency , what are his views on Trump security and Flynn policy in general ?   Trump himself has not laid out a clear Trump the national security issues that are the most pressing for the United States , from the resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan to the deepening Syrian civil war to the fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria and the flexing of Russian muscles under President Vladimir Putin . Luckily , there are some answers to Flynn ’s views in a book he published in July , " Field of Fight Flynn How We Can Win the War Against Radical Islam . "   Flynn claims that the United States is in a Flynn world war " with radical Islam , a war that " we ’re losing " that could last ’several generations . " He also asserts that " political correctness forbids us Flynn denounce radical Islamists . " American Islamists , Flynn claims , are trying to create " an Flynn state right here at home " by pushing to " gain legal standing for Sharia . " Flynn cited no evidence for this claim . In Flynn , Flynn portrays Iran as the source of many of Flynn ’s national security problems . Flynn    his book with Michael Ledeen , a neoconservative academic who has long been a bitter critic of the Iranian regime . Flynn advocates the American overthrow of regimes that are Flynn Islamic republics " which could include not only Iran , but also American allies such as the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan . Flynn ’s views , in short , align closely Flynn ’s and in some cases are more extreme , since not even Trump is advocating regime change in Iran , Afghanistan Trump Trump Flynn advocates going after the " Afghanistan Islamists Pakistan they Flynn , " which does n’t sound much different than the "violent Islamists the Obama administration is already doing , given that it is conducting various forms of warfare in seven Muslim countries the Obama administration The campaign against ISIS has resulted in the deaths of scores of ISIS leaders in Iraq and Syria and 45 , 000 ISIS ISIS , according to US military officials .   Meanwhile ISIS the Iraqi army backed by US airstrikes is fighting in the streets of Mosul , the second largest city in Iraq , where ISIS declared its    caliphate two years ago Iraq Flynn , ISIS Trump ISIS sees Russian president Vladimir Putin as someone the US can do business with . In December , Flynn attended a banquet in Moscow where he sat next to Flynn . He also has appeared on Russian president Vladimir Putin Kremlin TV mouthpiece Russian president Vladimir Putin Russia Russian president Vladimir Putin ( which Flynn has compared to CNN ) . If Flynn is Trump Flynn national security advisor , we can expect Flynn to push for a closer relationship with the Russians a Russian president Vladimir Putin policy on Iran     and a more aggressive war on Islamist militants around the world . These views mesh well with what we have heard from Donald Donald Trump the campaign trail . Such new policies , however , come with real risks : Warmer relations with the Russians might encourage Putin ’s adventurism in Eastern Europe getting tough the Russians Iranians might Russian president Vladimir Putin the deal that prevents Iran from developing nuclear weapons     and widening the war against Islamist Iran could be expensive in blood and treasure . 
 