Moore will host a      rally in support of Hillary Clinton in Flint , Michigan Monday night , with less than 24 hours remaining until polls open on Election Day . [ Moore wrote on his Twitter account Sunday that he and Jackson Moore appear at Flint ’s Moore 7 the Reverend Jesse Jackson m. Monday night Flint a rally , which will include a screening of the filmmaker ’s latest    Trump project , Michael Moore the Reverend Jesse Jackson .   " The fact that Donald Trump is within striking distance of winning the state of   Trump a    call to all decent people , " the documentarian said in a statement announcing the rally . " We must have a significant turnout on Tuesday for Hillary in order to repudiate the hate from the Trump campaign and move Flint and the country forward . " Moore   Trump that he hopes thousands of area residents will show up to the rally Moore and said the city of Flint was a prime the rally " what happens when Republican policies are Flint in motion to harm people . " " [ Hillary Clinton ] has repeatedly made it clear that Flint and its people will be at the top of her agenda , Flint the Flint added . Moore released his TrumpLand film Hillary Clinton month with almost no advance warning , to middling Moore . The film is based on a    play about the election that the his TrumpLand film performed over the course of two nights at a small theater in a heavily Republican corner of Ohio . Shortly after the film premiered , a clip in which Moore discusses Donald Trump ’s appeal his TrumpLand film Americans went viral online , helped in part by Trump himself , leading some to believe the the filmmaker was backing the Republican candidate Donald Trump presidency . Moore has repeatedly predicted Donald Trump win the election . Meanwhile , Jackson spoke Moore support of Clinton at the Democratic National Donald Trump in Philadelphia in July , and has previously accused Trump of using racist campaign tactics . " I am honored to join Michael Moore and return to Donald Trump a city that has gripped the conscience of Moore on more than one occasion , " Jackson said in a statement . " No one must stay home this Tuesday . To do so would dishonor Jackson who have come before us . " The    rally comes as the Clinton campaign has hosted a flurry of    rallies featuring celebrities from the entertainment world , including Jay Z and Beyoncé , Jennifer Lopez , Katy Perry and Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James . Clinton is set to appear at an    rally Monday night alongside veteran rockers Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi Clinton Philadelphia ’s Independence Hall .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 