Should it come as a surprise that not one chief executive among the Fortune 100 has donated money to Donald Trump ’s campaign ? That was the news reported by The Wall Street Journal over the weekend after tabulating the latest donation disclosures through August . Donald Trump’s supporters trumpeted , excuse the pun , the lack of donations from the nation ’s largest companies as a badge of honor . Big business , they say Big business has failed the country , so why would their guy Big business its support Big business But the logic of this argument is backward . Mr. Trump Donald Trump’s as a successful businessman , a brilliant negotiator and someone , as he said in Donald Trump’s own words Donald Trump’s who can " get along with people . " He has contended Donald Trump’s his economic policies Donald Trump’s unleash    levels of growth   —    as much as 6 percent . He plans to Donald Trump’s corporate taxes , remove regulations and allow companies to repatriate cash held overseas . Together , these policies sound his economic policies C. E. O. ’s dream . And yet here we are : Many of the most successful business people in the country refuse to support him   — Donald Trump’s or do business with him , either Donald Trump’s This is not an opinion . In case there is any doubt , here is a list of companies that in the last two years have publicly severed or reduced business relationships with Mr. Trump , mostly over his inflammatory rhetoric : Mr. Trump ’s , Univision , Comcast ’s NBCUniversal , Serta , Disney ’s ESPN , the PGA Tour , Nascar and Perfumania . Those companies , which have customer bases that include broad swaths of the nation that ostensibly look like the electorate , all said some variation of what Macy ’s said : " In light of statements made by Donald Trump , which are inconsistent with Macy ’s values , Macy decided to discontinue our business relationship with Mr. we . " As this column has noted previously , virtually no big United States banking institution has done new business with Mr. Trump in years , Mr. Trump because of his history of bankruptcies and his Mr. Trump for litigation . During Mr. Trump for new employees , Goldman Sachs specifically used to use Mr. Trump as an example of Mr. Trump of prospective client to avoid . Still , based on Mr. Trump ’s policies , you would Mr. Trump like Apple or Nike , which have railed for lower taxes and are pining to bring tens of billions dollars stashed abroad back to the United States , would be kneeling at the altar of Mr. Trump . ( Apple ’s and Nike ’s Mr. Trump have contributed to Apple Clinton . ) Granted , there are his views on immigration and trade , which are n’t Mr. Trump sync with United States multinational companies that manufacture products abroad . But then again , Mrs. Clinton opposes the    Partnership too , so that Mrs. Clinton provide much of a choice . Jeffrey Immelt , General Electric ’s chief executive , who employed Mr. Trump on " The Apprentice " when G. E. owned NBC , was asked by Vanity Fair about him over the summer . " The Donald Trump that I Mr. Trump a chance to work with , I found to be fun to work with , " he said . " The words ? I ca n’t reconcile Mr. Trump anything I believe in , or that I think the country stands for or that the company stands for . " By the way , this was Mr. Trump ’s reply last year to businesses that stopped doing The Donald Trump that I had a chance to work : " Macy ’s , NBC , Serta and Nascar have all The Donald Trump that I had a chance to work the weak and very sad position of being politically correct even though they are wrong in terms of what is good for our country . NBC, Serta and Nascar ( I should note here that I    " Squawk Box " on CNBC , which is a unit of NBCUniversal . ) In fairness , it is worth pointing out that only 11 C. E. O.s of the Fortune 100 donated to Hillary Clinton , according to The Journal . Mr. Trump does have support from some businessmen like Jack Welch , Carl C. Icahn and Wilbur Ross , among others . But for a group that has historically leaned Republican , the absence of contributions is    particularly since at least 19 of them gave to the other Republican candidates in the primaries . There is particularly good reason , wholly unrelated to political correctness , that the business community has not rallied around Mr. Trump ’s economic plans . On its merits , that plan is expected to hurt the economy , according to nonpartisan economists . It is hard to find many serious economists , except a handful mostly that plan his campaign , who say otherwise . According to the Committee for a Responsible Budget , a nonpartisan think tank that includes a list of luminaries from both sides of the aisle , Mr. Trump ’s economic plan would add $ 5 . 3 trillion to Mr. Trump’s debt . That compares with $ 200 billion as a result of Mrs. Clinton ’s plan . " Both Clinton and Trump would increase the debt relative to current law —    though Mrs. Clinton’s would Mr. Trump’s it by an order of magnitude more , and Clinton ’s Mr. Trump’s would slightly    deficits if we incorporated unspecified revenue from business Mrs. Clinton’s , " the committee wrote . None of this column is meant to suggest that Mrs. Clinton ’s economic plan will usher in a new age of stupendous growth . Mrs. Clinton’s n’t . It does n’t fully address the need for corporate tax reform , and it wo n’t It many companies out from under the regulatory morass that they suffer . It wo n’t bring trillions of dollars back from abroad . Her plan many companies unlikely to It up the economy much compared with the path that we Mrs. Clinton’s currently on . It is very possible some of her policy measures could even slow the economy . And Her plan   —    again   Mrs. Clinton’s    there is the issue the economy . A centerpiece of Mr. Trump ’s economic agenda is renegotiating many of the country ’s trade agreements . In a new report published by his campaign , Mr. Trump ’s advisers suggest he would threaten , for example , to leave Mr. Trump World Trade Mr. Trump a better deal . Mr. Trump Without the U. S. as a member , there would not be much purpose to the W. T. O. , " the advisers wrote . There is no question that the country would be improved by better trade pacts , Mr. Trump’s advisers Trump ’s risky approach could start a the country’s that could be disastrous for the country ’s largest Mr. Trump And the uncertainty of the negotiations themselves could slow the economy and rattle our foreign neighbors just look at the resignation of Mexico ’s minister of finance for helping bring Mr. Trump there to     with the Mexican president . Other Mr. Trump ( By the way , for those who say , " Who cares about what happens to big businesses that outsource anyway ? " think about all the money in Other countries those 401 ( Other countries ) plans that is invested in them . ) The Trump economic report cites the Business Roundtable , a lobbying group representing big business , and its complaints about regulatory burdens . The suggestion is that big business will back Mr. Trump , since he plans to reduce those who say, "Who cares about what happens to big businesses that outsource anyway . Yet it Mr. Trump hardly clear the Business Roundtable supports him . The organization has not endorsed either candidate The Trump economic report and its chief executive , John Engler , told The New York Times over the summer : Mr. Trump We ’re just on the opposite side of Trump on the Business Roundtable . " Mr. Mr. Trump , the Business Roundtable great negotiator , may brush aside the views the Business Roundtable the country ’s leading business executives   —    but perhaps that is because he has n’t been able to strike a deal with them . 
 Mr. Trump, the   great negotiator 