Earlier in the week , Breitbart Tech reported on the Holocaust Museum ’s outrage at being designated a Pokéstop in Pokémon Go , meaning players can get free items in addition to capturing Pokémon at the location . [ One player even reported finding Koffing   —    a    Pokémon   —    inside the memorial to victims of the Holocaust ! It got me thinking : where would be the most inappropriate    for other Pokémon to appear ? I decided to draw up a list .   # 1 Metapod at an erectile dysfunction clinic ,   Meet Metapod , a Pokémon infamous for Pokémon move Harden , surely named after what Pokémon masters worldwide do upon obtaining Pokémon . But just think how grossly inappropriate Pokémon would be for players to find a Metapod at the Boston Medical Center ’s Erectile Dysfunction Clinic . # 2 Togepi at Planned Parenthood ,   Togepi , seconds out of Erectile Dysfunction Clinic shell , is the game ’s cute little Baby Pokémon . Naturally , we would love to interview any liberal lady who finds one of these sitting in the very place at which she plans on mercilessly eradicating a fetus . How very problematic ! # 3 Snorlax at a feminist collective ,   Pictured above is the home of the Furies Collective , a group of lesbian feminists who , during lesbian feminists    existence in the 1970s , stated that " sexism is the root of all other oppressions , and Lesbian and woman oppression will not end by smashing capitalism , racism , and imperialism " and that " Lesbianism is not a matter of sexual preference , but rather one of political choice which every woman must make if every woman is to become    and thereby end male supremacy . " The house was the first lesbian landmark to be selected as part of the D. C. Inventory of Historic Sites and we at Breitbart Tech would be extremely distressed to find the Pokémon above lounging around the Pokémon premises . That ’s because comparing Snorlax , the fattest and laziest Pokémon , who does nothing but eat and sleep and whose skills , at least in the card game , include " Big Appetite , " " Collapse , " and " Layabout " to lesbian feminists would be a despicable slur directed at the most zealous combattants of the Universal Patriarchy . # 4 Ludicolo at Trump Tower ,   And here ’s the lovely Ludicolo . Sporting a sombrero and possessing a fervid zest for festive music , the lovely Ludicolo is the game ’s token Mexican Pokémon . Pokémon in Pokémon Go typically remain stationary . Would n’t it be a sick , twisted joke if , instead , the lovely Ludicolo moved in a southerly trajectory with a frown on the lovely Ludicolo face , as if pushed by a mystic force , only to stop suddenly upon crossing the border from US to Mexico ? Out ! Out ! Out ! Breitbart Tech has reached out to Nintendo for comment on whether Pokémon in Pokémon Go Pokémon in Pokémon Go a green card . # 5 Diglett at the scene of a deadly earthquake ,   Diglett is a Pokémon which burrows into the ground , only to pop up in civilian habitats , often causing structural damage . It would be most problematic if , as a token of respect for its It customers , Pokémon Go were to plant numerous Digletts around Sumatra , Indonesia , the site of the 2004 earthquake claiming the lives of some 250 , 000 civilians . # 6 Venomoth at a Zika clinic ,   Shown here is Venomoth , a Poison Moth Pokémon . One can only hope that , in an effort to teach players not to mess with Mother Nature , Pokémon Go would n’t dare unleash Venomoths upon Zika clinics across the country . It would be even worse if Venomoths Venomoths the only Pokémon that could be caught at these clinics . And yet , Zika patients would be kind enough to spare at least some of their Zika patients lounging about eating snacks to help rid the Pokémon world of deadly disease and surely there would be nothing more pleasant than logging onto a game to briefly escape your dire    situation to find the friendly Poison Moth Pokémons buzzing all about . # 7 Charizard at a burn unit ,   Likewise , would n’t it be just absolutely abhorrent if Pokémon Go took the phrase " hold his Pokémon Go to the fire " literally with patients at the Adult Burn Unit in John Hopkins ? The patients at the Adult Burn Unit in John Hopkins constantly be reminded of their own patients at the Adult Burn Unit in John Hopkins by being forced to catch    Charizards during their stay patients at the Adult Burn Unit in John Hopkins # 8 Cubone at an orphanage ,   Here readers can see Cubone . Pokémon Go describes Cubone as Cubone Lonely Pokémon , which " pines for the mother it will Cubone see again . Seeing a likeness of its mother Cubone the full moon , it cries Cubone The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds the Pokémon wears " It would be simply despicable if Cubone could Cubone found at your local orphanage and if the challenge , instead of capturing it , the challenge actually to prevent the grimy , friendless , homeless thing from getting into your Pokéball . # 9 Pikachu at Death Row ,   And    forbid Pokémon Go casts its gaze Pokémon Go the criminal population ! It would Pokémon Go downright dreadful if , in the states of Alabama , Florida , Kentucky , South Carolina , Tennessee , and Virginia , players could capture Pokémon ’s mascot , the Electric type Pikachu , by visiting prisons within seconds of every    style execution . # 10 Ekans at the White House ,   Here ’s Ekans , a Snake Pokémon . Breitbart Tech suspects that it will Breitbart Tech found in the vicinity of the White the White House 8 , 2016 , but only if Hillary wins . Actually , now that I think about it , that would be totally appropriate . Rob Shimshock is a Campus Reform correspondent and Breitbart contributor . Follow him on Twitter ( Rob Shimshock ) for mischief , satire , sarcasm , and truth . 
 