’   ’ ’    Michael Cohen , an attorney for Republican presidential nominee    Donald Trump , implied on Tuesday that the more than a dozen women    accusing Trump of various forms of sexual misconduct were not    attractive enough to grope . ’ ’    " Beauty is in the eye of beholder . .. the more than a dozen women   accusing Trump of various forms of sexual misconduct he’’d be attracted to , " Cohen said in a CNN interview with Wolf    Blitzer . ’ "    That line follows a recurring argument of Trump ’s on the campaign    trail   —    that some of the women who have accused him of groping , Trump kissing , and manhandling them were not attractive and therefore    are not telling the truth . " ’    " Look at her   —    look at her words , " her Manhattan businessman     in West Palm Beach , Florida , last week . " I    don’’t think so . " ’ ’    Cohen , who described himself as a registered Democrat , attempted    to give credence to the " beauty " argument : " I think what Mr.    Trump is really trying to say is that they’’re not somebody that    he would be    Mr.   Trump , and therefore , the whole thing is    nonsense . "    ’    Cohen also said , however , that regarding the beauty argument , " I    don’’t think it’ ’s relevant to the conversation at all . " ’ ’ ’ ’Michael Cohen says Trump Cohen accusers are " not someone he would be attracted to Trump so that makes the claims " nonsense " ’ ’    Earlier on Tuesday , People magazine said   who say they can    corroborate allegations People magazine Trump levied by journalist    Trump Stoynoff . Stoynoff   accusing Trump    journalist   Natasha Stoynoff attacking Trump levied by journalist   Natasha Stoynoff 2005 . Her story Trump levied by journalist   Natasha Stoynoff published    after Trump levied by journalist   Natasha Stoynoff release of a recording from the same year in which    Trump bragged about groping women Trump ’ "    Amid continued media scrutiny over the accusations against Trump ,    his campaign and his   Trump have amplified    claims that    the election , his campaign and his surrogates way of national media outlets and publications ,     in favor of Trump ’s Democratic counterpart ,    Hillary Clinton . " 
 