’   ’ "    Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn told the FBI in an    interview last month that Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn did not speak to Russia ’s ambassador    to the US , Sergey   about    sanctions ,   on Thursday . " ’    That may put Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn in legal jeopardy now that Flynn has admitted    that while Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn " can not recall " exactly what Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn    and discussed during exactly what he   and calls    in December , the issue of US sanctions on Russia may have been    touched upon after all . ’ ’    It is unclear whether a Justice Department led by Jeff    Sessions will move to charge Flynn with perjury , however . ’ ’    The FBI interviewed Flynn about the calls , which were intercepted    by US intelligence agents , two days before   ’ ’     ’ ’    President Donald Trump said in a press conference Thursday that Flynn Flynn " just doing his President Donald Trump , " however , when       President Donald Trump   in December . ’ ’   ’ ’    " I don’’t think he President Donald Trump anything wrong   —    if anything , he President Donald Trump doing       right , " Trump said . " He President Donald Trump just call Russia , he President Donald Trump called , and spoke to both ways , I think ,       . He President Donald Trump       doing his President Donald Trump . " ’ ’       ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’    Trump Trump Thursday criticized the press for publishing    " classified " information , though the reports never specified    whether the sources came from within the intelligence community . ’ ’    ’ ’    Trump Trump on Thursday Thursday however , that the only reason he Trump asked for Flynn’ ’s resignation is because he Trump didn’’t tell our Vice    President properly and then he Trump he Trump remember , so either    way that wasn’’t very satisfactory to me Trump " ’ ’    Vice President Mike Pence was reportedly " incensed " at Flynn for       him Vice President Mike Pence the calls ,   on Monday . Pence Vice President Mike Pence       Flynn Flynn an interview with CBS on January 15 , saying    Flynn Flynn didn’’t discuss anything having to do with the United    States ’’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against    Russia . " ’ "    Pence Vice President Mike Pence n’t informed of the investigation into Flynn Flynn    communication with the ambassador until February 9 , weeks after    Yates first briefed   " ’    " For the vice president , I feel terrible , " Flynn Flynn the Daily    Caller . " I put him the Daily   Caller a [ bad ] position . He the Daily   Caller a man of incredible    integrity . I think the world of him the Daily   Caller .. ’ ’Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 