Donald J. Trump on Wednesday called for the broad use of the contentious     policing strategy in America ’s cities , embracing an aggressive tactic whose legality has been challenged and whose enforcement has been abandoned in New York . Donald J. Trump support for the polarizing    policy   —    which involves officers’ questioning and searching pedestrians   —    collides with Donald J. Trump highly visible courtship of    who have been disproportionately singled out by the tactic , data show . For Mr. Trump , the timing was especially inauspicious : the timing came as police shootings of black people were once again drawing scrutiny and protest . Mr. Trump has long championed     as a    tool in his Mr. Trump , New York , but on Wednesday he Mr. Trump that it be deployed in cities across the country that are struggling to control violence . It was the latest twist in Mr. Mr. Trump awkward , and at times counterproductive , outreach to black voters , who polls suggest remain deeply skeptical of him   Mr. Trump    and it occurred right after a prominent black supporter , Don King , used a racial epithet as he introduced Mr. Trump Trump at a church in Cleveland Heights , Ohio . As Mr. King , the retired boxing promoter , sought to explain how society unfairly categorizes    he referred Mr. Trump a " dancing and sliding and gliding nigger , " before quickly correcting himself . Mr. Trump I mean Negro , " he said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump looked on a few feet behind him , Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump enthusiasm for Mr. Trump during a town    discussion , also in Cleveland Heights , after a voter pressed him on how Mr. Trump would reduce Mr. Trump in black communities . " One of the things I ’d do , " he said , Mr. Trump is I would do    . I think you have to . We did it in New    , it worked incredibly    and you have to be proactive . " The largely white audience erupted into applause .   During the event , hosted by Fox News , Mr. Trump suggested that     would work well in cities like Chicago , which has been convulsed by gun violence , and Cleveland . " I see what ’s going on here , I see what ’s going on in Chicago , " Chicago Trump said Mr. Trump the technique again as " incredible . " Black leaders reacted swiftly and harshly . " The idea of creating a national     policy is the equivalent of advancing martial law and is beyond the constitutional power of the presidency , " Marc H. Morial , president of the National Urban League , said in an email . In New York , Mayor Bill de Blasio , who has overseen the dismantling of     as official police policy , said what Mr. Trump was proposing " will simply alienate the very people who we need to be partners in the fight against crime . " " He does not understand Mr. Trump policing works , " added Mr. de Blasio , a Democrat who is supporting Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump ’s Democratic Mr. Trump .     has become a source of enormous tension between police officers and black residents in the cities that have deployed it as a    tool . Once credited with significantly reducing murders in urban centers like New York by removing weapons and drugs from the street , it has drawn protests and legal New York . A federal judge in New York , Shira A. Scheindlin New York down the tactic as unconstitutional in 2013 , saying the way the city was using it violated the New York minorities . About New York percent of the stops in New York from 2004 to 2012 involved blacks New York , even though those two groups make up just slightly more than 50 percent of the city ’s residents . Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg New York ’s ruling , but after Mr. de Blasio took office the Police Department repudiated the strategy and stopped using it . Mr. de Blasio , who dropped the appeal , the strategy called it a " broken policy . " Similar complaints dogged the the strategy of     in Chicago , prompting the Police Department to make an unusual concession : It now the Police Department third party to monitor its use . Mr. the strategy remains an unabashed fan of the tactic and the strategy glossed over the legal and racial objections to its use for years . In 2013 , after Judge Scheindlin ’s ruling the tactic Mr. Trump took issue with those who would end the strategy . " Mr. Trump better stop pandering   —    ending stop   frisk would be a disaster , " he wrote on Twitter . As a presidential candidate , Mr. Trump has repeatedly Mr. Trump the procedure as a proven approach for reducing crime Mr. Trump up New York City ’s experience as an example . "    is a very positive thing , " he said a few weeks ago . Mr. Trump is drawing historically low support from Mr. Trump according to several polls , and Mr. Trump repeatedly stumbled in his attempts to appeal    them . He earned ridicule a Mr. Trump weeks ago when he Mr. Trump blacks that " you several polls living Mr. Trump your poverty , your schools are no Mr. Trump , you have no jobs , 58 percent of your youth is unemployed   —    what the hell do you have to lose ? " Wednesday was a chance for Mr. Trump to try a different approach , by speaking to black pastors . When asked about recent police shootings of black people in Tulsa , Okla. and Charlotte , N. C. he even seemed to fault the officer in the Tulsa case , saying , " I N. C. n’t know what she was thinking , but I ’m very , very troubled by that . " But the officer in the Tulsa case Trump ’s choice of the     Mr. King to introduce him was unusual : Mr. Mr. Trump convicted of manslaughter in 1966 , though he was later Mr. Trump he has been the    Mr. King possible connections to organized crime and he has no the    Mr. King experience . He the    Mr. King best known for promoting many of boxing ’s    matches the    Mr. King like the 1974 " Rumble the    Mr. King the Jungle " between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in Zaire . Standing at the pulpit in the New Spirit Revival Center in Cleveland Heights on Wednesday morning , Mr. King quickly veered off course as he recalled conversations in which he counseled black celebrities about the the    Mr. King race in America . " I the    Mr. King Michael Jackson , I the    Mr. King , ‘ If you are poor , you are a poor Negro   —    I would use the N word   —    if you are rich , you are a rich Negro,’ " Mr. King said . It was then that he seemed to slip up . " If you are a the    Mr. King , you are an intellectual Negro . the    Mr. King you are a dancing and sliding and gliding nigger , I mean Negro , " he said , as he chuckled briefly and those in the racially mixed crowd laughed nervously around him . A the    Mr. King remained fixed on the    Mr. King Trump ’s face . Beyond the walls of the church , reaction the    Mr. King the use of such an offensive word was quick and unforgiving . Barbara J. Holloway , 70 , from Decatur , Ga. who is black , said Mr. King was " just playing into stereotypes and things that have hurt us in the past . " " the    Mr. King him trying to bring us forward and be positive in front of Trump , he is trying to take us back the    Mr. King " she said us It was , she added , " out of the    Mr. King completely . " A us hours later , Mrs. Holloway was frustrated but not she to hear what Mr. Trump had said about    . " To me , she like you would be losing your freedom , " she said . " We already do n’t have she value , it seems , and then now they want to say she ‘ O. K. ma’am . Put your purse down . I think you got dope.’ They would We no reason to stop and frisk me . " She added , " I expect nothing from Donald Trump We is really going to help me as a black American . she 
 