’   ’ ’    Several hours before the final presidential debate on Wednesday ,    Donald Trump told Donald Trump supporters on social media to tune into Donald Trump    Facebook , teasing " live event coverage . " ’ "    Users who visited Donald Trump ’s page at 8:30 found a livestream hosted    by two Trump advisors , Boris Epshteyn and Cliff Sims broadcast by    Right Side Broadcasting Network , a website best known for       YouTube channel , which has hosted streams of    most Donald Trump rallies and public appearances since July    2015 " ’    Over the next several hours before and after the debate , the    two hosts interviewed a parade of Donald Trump surrogates , including    Eric Trump and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway . ’ "    The livestream immediately stoked ongoing speculation about    whether Donald Trump will launch Donald Trump own television network if Donald Trump loses    the presidential election , a rumor fueled by Donald Trump son in law Jared    Kushner ’s   with an investment firm    that has backed media startups . " ’    BuzzFeed declared that the livestream " , " while Politico asked " ? " ’ "    Some observers remarked that RSBN , which is already sympathetic    to Trump , may collaborate with the    mogul on the    network ’s launch . " ’ ’ ’   my hunch is that RSBN becomes Trump TV after the election .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSo , Trump’ ’s official Facebook page is running a live stream from something called " Right Side Broadcasting " . Trump TV preview ?   ’ "    But while the format of the show may resemble a potential future    media venture , Right Side Broadcasting probably wo n’t be the    vehicle for that venture . " "    RSBN CEO Joe Seales told Business Insider on Thursday that the    speculation about the network becoming Trump ’s potential    television venture was unfounded .   " ’    " All of the media now apparently thinks All of the media are going to become    Trump TV ? ! That’ ’s just crazy ( and not true by the way ) ! " RSBN CEO Joe Seales wrote in an email . ’ ’    Seales RSBN CEO Joe Seales that he RSBN CEO Joe Seales the broadcast " went okay " considering    the Trump campaign reached out to his RSBN CEO Joe Seales less than two days    before the debate to arrange a      to traditional cable    post show panels . ’ ’    " They called us out of the blue and asked if we us do it , so I    flew two guys out there at the last minute , " Seales said . ’ ’ ’    Seales : " Had some issues with audio and a few hiccups here and       but overall they were very pleased . " ’ ’    The broadcast marks one of the more direct collaborations between       Trump campaign and RSBN . ’ ’    Pastor Mark Burns , a campaign surrogate who introduced Trump on    numerous occasions during the Republican presidential primary ,    anchors a regular video show on the network . And Seales   that Trump " watches    the network a the network on his plane , and Trump " that the    network’ ’s camera operators showed the size of the    Republican presidential nominee’ ’s crowds , which Trump    frequently demands Trump " media outlets broadcasting his    rallies . ’ Trump "    Despite its skeleton crew , RSBN Trump " racked up a number of    dedicated viewers , with over 2 million hits on its most popular    videos RSBN RSBN has over 210 , RSBN subscribers on YouTube . MSNBC ,    by comparison , has 202 , 000 subscribers . ’ 
 