In a long and often rambling discussion following a contentious interview on Monday with Senator Ted Cruz , radio host Glenn Beck criticized the Texas Senator ’s justifications for finally endorsing Republican nominee Donald Trump . The radio talker even declared at one point that The radio talker should have backed Senator Marco Rubio for president , instead of throwing The radio talker full support to Cruz in the GOP primary . [ Beck grilled Cruz over Beck decision to back Republican nominee Donald Trump after declining to do so on principle when Beck suspended Beck campaign and when Beck addressed the RNC convention in Cleveland .   " This weekend , you would n’t answer the question if Republican nominee Donald Trump is fit to be president of the United States , " Beck Beck to Cruz Cruz " What I said is this is a binary choice , " Cruz Cruz . " I wish it this not a binary choice . As you know , I tried very , very hard   —    as did you   —    to prevent it this being a binary choice from Hillary and Donald Republican nominee Donald Trump And I think it is fair to say there was no other Republican candidate who left more on the field and did more to stop Donald from being the nominee than I did . But the voters made a different decision . And you have to respect the democratic process , even if you may not be terribly happy with the outcome . " Listen to the Cruz interview : " I just want to make sure I understand , " Beck asked him . Beck So a man who has principles , who says , ‘ I will   —    there are lines I will not cross.’ It ’s cross.’ a binary choice . So a man who you can not come on and say , ‘ Yes , Glenn , he is Glenn to be president of the United States,’ I still am encouraged by you to Glenn my principles and vote because it ’s a binary choice ? " " You are encouraged by me to do what you believe is right and honorable and principled . And from my perspective , as I look at the issues , Hillary Clinton is telling us she will Hillary Clinton enormous damage to the country , " Cruz replied . The Senator Hillary Clinton again in detail the differences he sees between Hillary Clinton and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton had this information the day you dropped out of the race and said that Donald Trump is a Trump and Democratic nominee , " Beck shot back . " Have you spent an enormous amount of time with Donald Trump ? " Beck Trump and Democratic nominee know . " Beck you have new information that has made you say , ‘ Oh , my gosh , he ’s now not a sociopathic Beck . He is not the guy that Beck   —    I   —    I very eloquently spelled out for over a year and now suddenly there ’s a reason to believe him ? ’ " Cruz responded Beck again stating his belief that the general election Beck " a binary choice " between Clinton and Trump , and every constitutional conservative Trump and Democratic nominee that Clinton would be a disastrous choice Clinton especially in regards to appointing Supreme Court justices   —    an issue of special importance to Cruz , who was a former solicitor general . In explaining the timing of his Trump endorsement , Cruz noted Clinton Trump and Democratic nominee came on the heels of Trump releasing an expanded list of Trump and Democratic nominee justices and promising that " the only nominees he would consider for the court Clinton on that list . " He also an expanded list of conservative justices ’s recent Clinton for Cruz Trump and Democratic nominee to prevent President Obama Cruz over Internet domain control from American supervision to an international body . Beck ended the interview by demanding to Clinton if Cruz had sold his campaign ’s email list Cruz Trump Clinton as was recently reported by Trump and Democratic nominee . The question came up as Beck was about to break for a Clinton , but he refused to cut away until he Clinton an answer : BECK : Clinton just have   — Clinton I have one more question , and this is worth $ 20 , 000 to me . Bump the next commercial , please . Take that first commercial . Give me the extra minute the next commercial because I ’m up against Clinton network break . All of us have received    emails , and we ’re now on the Trump bandwagon . I have taken us from Donald Trump . And I would take advertising from Hillary Clinton Trump is a business and I do n’t believe keeping options gone . However , I think everybody should be able to have their voice heard on the public airwaves . However , me getting information or email list now on Donald Trump is really rather annoying . The only person that I Trump my information to was you . As a candidate , you do not have to sell your list . Did you sell your list to Donald Trump ? CRUZ : Well , Glenn , as your list on Trump show , you sell advertising . It ’s actually what funds your radio show . And that ’s true of , as far as any radio your radio show ’s how one communicates . That ’s also true of every candidate . You do n’t sell your list , but you rent your list . So if someone wants to access your list , they pay for it your list that helps fund your efforts . And so like every other candidate , someone wants to access your supporters , we someone wants to access your supporters rented our list out for those who wish to pay for it . That is true , by the way we of every other candidate . And so , yeah , there ’s a hit piece today in Politico , a    rag that wants to   —    that is hitting me —    BECK : Oh , my gosh . CRUZ :   —   but somehow is not applying that standard to anyone else in the political world or for that matter anyone else on radio who sells advertising every day to fund communicating with the voters . BECK : Well , I do have that same standard . Thank you very much . Ted , I BECK with you . I disagree with that standard but I still respect you as a man . And you have done Ted lot of great . Ted I hope you continue to do a lot of great work in the future . Thank you for coming on the program . CRUZ : Well , Glenn , and you are my friend . I continue to respect you   —    CRUZ : I have to break . Thank you . I ’m sorry , I have to break for this network . Here we go . After returning from break , Beck and his    expressed their disappointment in Cruz ’s answers . Listen to the    discussion : Beck in particular was disillusioned Beck the man Beck and his    once described CRUZ " the next George Washington , " " anointed Beck by God and " raised for these Beck . " " For the very first time , I heard Ted Cruz calculate , " Beck said . " And when that happened , the whole thing fell apart for me CRUZ it ’s my fault Beck It ’s my fault for believing that men can actually be George Washington . Beck ’s my the whole thing . " He continued the whole thing I my fault said , " You know who can George Washington You know the whole thing could beat my fault CRUZ Marco Rubio . And I disagree with him on the Gang of Eight , and there ’s about 80 percent that I do agree with him on . And he ’s kind Marco Rubio a politician , but he ’s a different kind of politician : He ’s a young politician Marco Rubio He ’s a Marco Rubio . He can win . Let ’s Marco Rubio for it ! " Instead , I Marco Rubio , " Let ’s find Marco Rubio truly honorable man . Marco Rubio And that will always let you down . It will always let you down . Beck said ’s it would have been better if Cruz had said that he only endorsed Trump to appease his donors and supporters . " So he could It come on and said , ‘ Look , guys Cruz here ’s the thing : Cruz supporters are yelling at me.’ And Cruz know that , because so are mine , " Beck said . Beck continued imagining what Cruz could have said : " My donors , who were all in with the G. O. P. Beck ’re all Beck , ‘ I Cruz never fund you   —    I wo n’t fund you for the Senate . I wo My donors, who were all in with the G. O. P. fund you for the run in 2020.’ And I have to make a decision . So the question is : Do I completely shut myself out of this game , or do I play the game as much as I possibly can ? Look , there ’s nobody that Cruz held out longer than me , " he should this game . " If he would have just come on and said that , I would have had a Cruz easier time Cruz But to become the politician is Cruz . Really disappointing , " Beck concluded , though he later added that Cruz " is still a good man . " Beck ended the segment by returning to an argument he ’s expressed before the politician that the United States is not a geographic location defined by sovereign Beck and inhabited by specific people . It is Beck " an idea . " Beck explained : Look , I want you to listen very carefully to me because this is going to sound pretty outrageous : I am not Beck to fight for the   —    for the saving of America Beck I am not here to fight for the saving of this land . I am not here to save the   —    the the United States —    the   —    the   —    the system that we have built . I am here and you are here   —    we all are here for this time to save the idea of America . America is no more than that : an idea , that all men are created equal and endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable the United States . the United States among them life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . That you have charge over your all men life and you only answer to God , all men God gives you those rights , and you give some of those rights to the government for protection . And the minute that that government begins God infringe on any of those rights , it is not just your   —    not just your willingness , it is the government to overthrow anyone who would take those rights away . Those rights are what have us say , " I can do this . I can build a better mousetrap . I could those rights . I could those rights rocket and go to Mars . I can be left alone . I can participate . I can not participate . " It ’s an idea that had never , ever happened before . And right now , what we are arguing about is the   —    is the destruction of our banking system . The destruction of our    system . The destruction of our capital us The destruction of law and order , whatever the hell that even means anymore . The destruction of our our . The destruction The destruction of our   system the hell that means anymore . I do n’t care if my children are more rich or less rich than The destruction of our   system care . I do n’t care . What our do care is that my children are free to be able to chart their own course , free to be able to work or not work and starve . My children have a right to worship in the way they see my children to move as their conscience tells them to my children . Right now , we have become PETA . Shame on all of us . my children   —    just if you wo n’t vote my children Hillary our Hillary wo n’t vote my children Trump , my children not just cover me in a bucket of blood ? Why Trump just shame me we the public square ? Why not run them out of business ? They ’re we deniers ! There is no difference between the two teams anymore . Oh , sure , one ’s for a little lower taxes . One is the for border , one my children not . One is my children international rule , one is for national rule . Which one is for the idea that all men are created equal , that all men have a right to pursue their own happiness and make their own goddamn decision ? Which one ? Which one ? I contend neither of them . And so we will just soak each other in buckets all men . We ’ll be a happy all men bumper sticker community that all men one another into making sure you walk in    with all the other Hillary all men Hillary walk in    with all the other Trump supporters . Because she ’s we Trump and Democratic nominee mean the destruction of America . No , no , says the Hillary supporter Hillary you must vote for us because he means the destruction of America    I contend the United States both mean the destruction of the idea . Listen to Beck ’s full interview with Cruz and Clinton    discussion above the United States Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour we CRUZ the Hillary supporter 