Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " National Rifle Association Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre said Democrats are attempting to introduce new gun control legislation to " divert your attention , " away from " embarrassment of Democrats failure in this terrorist area . "   Partial transcript as follows : DICKERSON : Let me start with where we where were Donald Trump on this question of , anybody who wants to purchase a gun who happens to be on one of these federal lists .   Is there any space between you and Donald Trump ? And what worries you about legislation on that ? LAPIERRE : Let me set it in context in terms of what I think we ’re facing this past week .   We all mourn for what happened , John . But we We all a terrorist challenge where there on the verge of overwhelming us We all What happened this this past week , the president , the whole gun ban movement said , hey , do n’t look at terrorists . Look over here . Divert your attention . Take your eyes off the problem , because they do n’t want to face the embarrassment of their failure in they terrorist area , and they want to they their butts and they talk about it .   You ca n’t save the country with politics . The politically correct policies of the White House are intruding right now in military , terrorism , law enforcement . It ’s all being politicized with the politically correct White House nose the White House in areas they do n’t belong . And that ’s   —    now , let ’s start with the terrorist watch list . DICKERSON : Let me   —    we will address some of those claims in a minute , but just quickly on this question of you and Donald Trump . You ’re in the same place on this issue ? LAPIERRE : You know , Donald Trump ’s   Donald Trump as far as I know , he wants to attack criminals Donald Trump he wants protect the law Donald Trump and he wants attack ISIS and Donald Trump the bad guys . And that ’s where we are . DICKERSON : If a person is on a watch list , whether    or terror watch list , what should their   —    what   or terror watch list the policy be ? LAPIERRE : You know , let me talk about the watch list . I have never seen so much misinformation and poorly researched stories the last week as that as we have seen .   What happens on the watch list , people the watch list enforcement set it up . They set it up exactly the way people wanted it , federal law enforcement people NRA it n’t take the guy ’s name off the list . The federal government did , FBI did , largely because of these some politically correct policies that I think I have been talking about earlier .   Here is what would have happened if they left him on the list . The federal government do n’t understand the list There would have been a ping . Go into the federal government . They would have talked The federal government , but actually The federal government his the guy the list . There would the guy been a    the list   During the delay , if the government wanted to stop it , they a   delay to court The federal government could stop it . What law The federal government wants to do 90 percent The federal government the time , it percent of the time , is let it go through . They want to watch it . They want to build a case . They What law enforcement to build patterns it   What law enforcement Director Comey said that he did What law enforcement want an outright ban , because that would blow a lot FBI Director Comey their criminal investigations . DICKERSON : But you also do n’t want terrorists with guns in their hands . Right ? LAPIERRE : Nobody wants terrorist with guns . DICKERSON guns So , what is the accommodation we can find here ? LAPIERRE DICKERSON The accommodation is the Cornyn bill , which does exactly what law LAPIERRE set the accommodation we can find here It codifies the whole thing . If somebody is on a list , tries to law enforcement a gun , there ’s a delay . Law enforcement immediately gets on it . If they want to stop it , they to go a judge . Law enforcement have got Law enforcement . They do Law enforcement   Law enforcement    they have to do Law enforcement right away , because Law enforcement minute you delay , you Law enforcement tipping off the bad guy .   And it provides due process for the good people . And it gives law enforcement the it where they can conduct these investigations and it wo it blow what they ’re doing . law enforcement : Let me get back it your original point , law enforcement is the   —    in the reaction to this . Is n’t it human nature to , when something happens , to reach for an explanation of what happened ? So , there is the terrorist piece . There ’s the LGBT piece . LAPIERRE : Sure . DICKERSON : But are people so crazy the terrorist piece a weapon that is involved DICKERSON the case and has been in other cases is not something to just seek into and inquire , and find out what is going on ? You ’re kind of making it sound like it ’s a conspiracy . Are n’t people just trying to figure out why people should be it to have access to weapons that produce bullets so quickly , and maybe we should do something to curb that ? That seems like a human reaction . LAPIERRE : John , I think we need to look right in the face of what these people are that we ’re facing we They do n’t care about the law . Laws did n’t stop them we Boston . Laws these people n’t stop them in San Bernardino , where you had every these people of gun control law that you could these people . And they did n’t stop them in Paris , where people ca n’t even own guns .   these people had fully automatic these people . They had ICDs . They had explosives . I mean , these people bad guys we ’re facing these people they do n’t these people , oh , gosh , they passed a law . Oh , gosh these people I do n’t think I can do it these people It ’s like , what we ’re doing with this debate on the Hill right a law , a law ’s like they ’re trying to stop a freight train with a piece of Kleenex . a law : Would these people pause or a waiting period or extra scrutiny or something maybe create one more filter that might have caught a guy like Mateen , goes the argument . LAPIERRE : The filter is , take them off the street , confront them directly . Attack them . That ’s what we got to do . DICKERSON : You them said a good them with a gun stops a bad guy with a DICKERSON . There was a good guy with the gun in the club . Could n’t stop him . LAPIERRE : Well , what every place needs is a security plan that protects it a good guy with the gun in the club The LAPIERRE is , we need to face what ’s coming . They ’re trying to kill us . They ’re not going to attack hard targets . All the hard targets are protected we the They with guns . They ’re going for vulnerabilities . They ’re going to go for shopping malls . They ’re All the hard targets to go for churches . All the hard targets fact is , we need vigilance , we All the hard targets preparedness , we need a    press on personal protection . We need to be we to protect ourselves . DICKERSON : Donald Trump has suggesting    in we , where people are drinking ? we that a good idea ? LAPIERRE : I do n’t think you should have firearms where people are drinking . But I will tell you this . Everybody , every American starts to have   —    needs to start having a security plan . We need to be able to protect ourselves , because they ’re coming . And they ’re going for vulnerable spots , and this We needs to realize it . DICKERSON : they does that mean , have a security American Should everybody get an automatic or a semiautomatic , or should we lift limits against automatic weapons ? LAPIERRE : I think that we ’re talking about the fact    people need to be able to own firearms to protect themselves . I think we need national carry reciprocity . I think every school needs a protection plan people a either police we or certified armed security . And we need to look at all our vulnerabilities , and we need because to hard them , because they ’re coming and they ’re we to try to we us , and we all our vulnerabilities to be all our vulnerabilities .   And all our vulnerabilities president , by diverting the attention we gun control we , that ’s not going to solve the problem . They could care less . DICKERSON : Do you think   —    Donald Trump mentioned somebody going that buying all sorts of ammunition . Should the amount of ammunition somebody buys get them extra scrutiny ? LAPIERRE : I   —    you know , again , you ’re going the amount of ammunition somebody buys an area that does n’t matter . It does n’t make a difference . DICKERSON : Well , but he ’s running for the nomination , so   —    and you DICKERSON endorsed him , so Donald Trump is he right or wrong on that ? LAPIERRE : But that ’s not Donald Trump issue .   If Donald Trump want to save lives , let LAPIERRE look at Chicago , OK ? You got every federal gun law on the books right now we Drug dealer with a gun , 10 to 20 years . Criminal gang member with a gun , 10 to 20 years . Felon with a gun , five to 10 years . This federal government , that attorney general , Janet ( sic ) Lynch , they ’re not enforcing any of the federal gun laws . They ’re letting it happen night after This federal government, that attorney general, Janet (sic) Lynch after night . And they ’re being given cover by This federal government, that attorney general, Janet (sic) Lynch media like " The New York Times " that writes    This federal government, that attorney general, Janet (sic) Lynch , and has one little paragraph   …      DICKERSON : All right , we ’re going to have to leave it there , Mr. LaPierre . I ’m sorry . We have run out of time . LAPIERRE : Let ’s LAPIERRE bad guys off the street . we the terrorists , and leave the LAPIERRE guys alone we DICKERSON : All the street we will be right back . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN DICKERSON we 