’   ’ ’    The stock market has staged a glorious rally since Donald Trump    won the US presidential election last month , and analyst after    analyst says that it is , in part , because of the promise of a    lowered tax rate on corporations . ’ "    Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) both have plans that    would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 % ( where it has been    sitting since John F Kennedy was president ) to 15 % ( Trump ’s plan )    or 20 % ( Ryan ’s ) . " "    This sounds wonderful , but there ’s some fine print . Not all    companies are going to have companies taxes lowered . " "    Depending on a couple factors , some companies could see some companies tax    rate shoot up . One of some companies is former Wall Street    darling and current Wall Street headache , Valeant    Pharmaceuticals . We Pharmaceuticals get to that in a moment .   " ’    Ideologically ,   has always intended to ensure that big    corporations and small businesses pay the same rate . To do that ,    he    to eliminate a bunch of special preferences and       , like enhanced deductions and tax credits , that big    companies get in order to pay for the lowered rate . ’ "    Trump ’s plan includes a bunch of the same changes . " "    The special preference we ’re talking about here is the deduction    for   " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The Obama Administration , after failing to close this loophole    through policy , tried to tackle it    by creating a rule that classifies a portion of       held in US companies as equity . ’ "    The problem is , Obama The Obama Administration rule will only bring in    between   " ’    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    The    plan , however , would write the elimination ( or at    least significant limitation ) of this deduction into code . That ’s    where certain kinds of companies will start feeling the pain . The    trade off here is that foreign profits would n’t be taxed at all ,    removing the incentive for companies to horde cash overseas . " ’    So , you may be asking yourself   —    what kind of company would get    crushed by this kind of policy change ? ’ "    I submit you the    dollar international drugmaker    Valeant Pharmaceuticals . Years ago the Valeant Pharmaceuticals a corporate    inversion by acquiring Canada ’s Biovail in order to pay a lower    tax rate . It also Valeant Pharmaceuticals subsidiaries    in Ireland , Luxembourg and Switzerland , which    all have lower tax rates . The US , however , remains its largest The US market . " ’    Over the years , it has The US this situation to pay a tax rate of    about 4 % on its income The US It did The US , in part , by taking a $ 16 . 5    billion loan from its Luxembourg The US and putting it in The US    The US subsidiary . ’ ’    According to   that means the company 5   billion loan from its Luxembourg subsidiary and putting it in its   US subsidiary    over $ 560 million over the next five years . ’ ’    The US government , naturally , has been upset about this . Former    CFO Howard Schiller testified at the same hearing as Koch , but    unlike Koch , he Koch on Former   CFO Howard Schiller defensive . ’ ’   ’ "    However , former CEO Michael Pearson touted the company ’s low tax    rate as a selling point when the company was the company’s    hostile bid for Allergan .   " ’    " ’ ’   ’ "    This feature of Valeant ’s business would vanish if the net    interest deduction were eliminated . That means   the company     —    which paid a tax bill of $ 76 . 9 million on over $ 1 . 5 billion of    operating income last year   —    would see that bill rise    substantially . In    same year , Valeant was holding just Valeant    $ 600 million in cash . " "    This is perilous for a company that has seen its market cap fall Valeant from over $ 40 billion to around $ 4 . 6 billion over the last year .    Accusations of fraud    drug price gouging have sent investors    fleeing from the company , and    holding over $    billion in    debt . The company    annual report    ( and any    reduction in cash flow hampering its ability to pay it ) as       risk .    " ’    From the report : ’ ’    Valeant The company’s annual report the only company that could get hit if the    interest deduction is eliminated . There are a number of companies    with this structure , including Mylan , the now infamous maker of    EpiPen medication . ’ "    There ’s no telling how Congress will handle these companies once    new legislation is passed a number of companies   with this structure, including Mylan, the now infamous maker of   EpiPen medication ’s a transitional phase as    American companies adjust . It could grandfather the debt that ’s    already new legislation the country and chalk these stripped    up to a    loss in terms of tax revenue . It    also phase in this debt    gradually new legislation " ’    Or the debt wants to be petty about this , it can single out    companies that have inverted for punishment . Hating inverters is    a bipartisan pastime in Washington , so experts tell Business    Insider that this is definitely not out of the realm of    possibility . ’ ’    Punishing perceived tax dodgers makes politicians look good to    their constituents and could possibly bring in      revenue . ’ politicians    Check out this handy infographic of inverted companies from the    Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee back in 2014 . ’ ’   ’ ’      ’ 
 