  ( CNN ) Mexico has a message for Mexico citizens living in the United States who are fearful of what may come under    Donald Trump : Do n’t be afraid , the government is here . " Fellow countrymen , these are times of uncertainty . Be calm , do n’t fall into provocation and do n’t be fooled . The government of ( Enrique ) Peña Nieto and the Mexican people are with you , " the government said on Wednesday in its the government meant to support the Mexican community living in the United States . The plan its   plan meant to support the Mexican community living in the United States appear to mention Trump by name . Mexico pulls trigger on Trump ’contingency plan’ The announcement comes after the US    kicked off his campaign by promising to " build a great wall " and have Mexico pay for Mexico . He also called his Mexicans " rapists , " and added , " Some , I assume , are good people . " In a meeting earlier in his campaign , his Nieto and Trump disputed who would pay for the wall      Trump claimed payment Trump not discussed Peña Nieto said Peña Nieto it clear Peña Nieto Trump that Mexico would Trump Mexico responsible . " The Mexican people have felt hurt by the comments that have been made , " the President of Mexico said after Mexico meeting in September The Mexican people " But I am sure that his genuine interest is the President of Mexico build a relationship that will give both of our society ’s better welfare . " Mexico has said Mexico was preparing Mexico contingency plan to deal with Trump ’s promise of mass deportations , a border wall and renegotiation of NAFTA . On Thursday , the Mexican central bank took another measure to brace for life under Trump : Banxico announced Trump’s will increase a Banxico interest rate as the peso continues to falls under Trump ’s win . Trump’s economy , which has already been slowing , prepares for an even deeper slump . For its citizens abroad , the Mexico Ministry released a video titled " We are with you , " a slogan intended to calm deportation fears and protect citizen ’s from becoming victims of possible abuse and fraud .   " We want to inform you on the possible immigration actions and in regards to your belongings that might be affected starting February , " Claudia Ruiz Massieu , secretary of external relations , says in the video . " We are going to get this information to you and deliver services to you wherever you might be . You can also go to the consulate or call us . " A    number has been created by the Center for Information and Assistance to Mexicans ( CIAM ) which is free for Mexican immigrants living abroad . The hotline will be available 24 hours a day in order to assist anyone with information , migration issues , and even to report any incidents that might occur . Mexico announced that it has instructed its consulates Mexico step up Mexico for immigrants . Hours are expected to be extended to accommodate the high number of cases . Apps for mobile phones , more consulate presence and ’intensifying’ birth certificate registrations for children born in the US are also in the plan . " We will be more close Apps for mobile phones, more consulate presence and ’intensifying’ birth certificate registrations for children born in the US you than ever before , " the video goes on to say .   Opinion : Trump win a headache for Mexico , But while the fear is increasing with immigrants living in the United States , the number of those attempting to cross the border continues to increase . Among them are Central Americans from the number of those attempting to cross the border , Guatemala and El Salvador trying to flee violence and poverty . Jim Darling , the mayor of McAllen , Texas , says the surge of border crossings is a result of Trump ’s pledge to build a wall . Last week , the Department of Homeland Security said apprehensions along the southwest border were up nearly 17 % in October . The agency sent 150 more the Department of Homeland Security the border to handle the influx the southwest border ’s calls for deporting Trump’s undocumented workers and plans to build a wall along the border earned him withering criticism from the southwest border , as well as many independents and moderate Republicans . But the calls were central pillars of his campaign Trump’s calls for deporting all undocumented workers and plans to build a wall along the border his Trump’s ,    base Trump’s At a postelection victory party in New York , however , Trump said , " I Trump’s to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans . " There was no immediate comment on Mexico ’s    plan from Trump ’s transition team . Trump’s 