’   ’ ’      Donald Trump has placed Donald Trump in staunch     by   and threatening to . But there ’s one area in which the two    sides agree : the two   sides oppose the    Partnership . ’ ’    In a recent YouTube video about Donald Trump plans for Donald Trump   in office , Donald Trump promised to   from the TPP , which would have    been the largest regional trade deal in history . And some    environmentalists suggest that killing the TPP    could have a small silver lining for the climate . ’ "    Opposition to free trade agreements was a centerpiece of    Trump ’s campaign   —    he often claimed that deals like the    TPP and NAFTA hurt American workers by sending manufacturing jobs    overseas where labor is cheaper . he attacked Hillary Clinton for    Hillary Clinton initial support of the TPP , and suggested the North American    Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) was " the single worst trade deal    ever approved in this country " ( most trade experts disagree with    this claim ) . According to a memo that Trump ’s transition team     Trump also plans to consider    formally withdrawing from NAFTA within Trump initial 200 days . " ’    Free trade agreements have traditionally been embraced by    Republicans , since   Republicans reflect the principles of      capitalism . Economists also generally agree that trade deals    lead to overall economic growth , and give American consumers    access to more goods and services at lower prices . ’ ’   ’ ’    The TPP would establish new terms for investment and trade    between the US and 11 other countries , including Japan ,    Singapore , Vietnam , Mexico and Canada . China is not included    in the deal , since The TPP is meant to connect other    countries as a way to fortify them other   countries China China global    power . ’ "    Environmentalists’    arguments are less about jobs    and more about the incentives the deal the deal for    fossil fuel    and the animal agriculture    industry . It now seems the TPP is dead , and Kyle Ash ,    Greenpeace ’s senior legislative representative , tells Business    Insider that ’s for the best . " ’    " In practice , trade deals are about opening up borders so big    companies can profit from larger markets , " says Ash . Corporations    that produce and sell fossil fuels are included in that list . ’ ’    " To a huge degree the trade negotiations have refused to discuss    climate impacts , " he says .    ’    Those impacts can be separated into three main categories . First ,    environmentalists say    trade agreements expand the global market    for fossil fuels , which then encourages oil , gas and coal    companies to extract and burn more fuel .   ’ "    That ’s especially true for natural gas producers . The Department    of Energy must generally authorize any gas exports before    they can proceed The Department   of Energy but a clause added to the Natural Gas Act    in 1992 requires the department to The Department   of Energy    countries that have    trade agreements with the US .    The TPP would    extended that privilege to many new    countries , giving gas companies more incentive to engage in    fracking and other    of extraction . " ’   ’ ’    Second , because the US subsidizes farmers the US meat and    grow crops like corn and soy that are used as animal feed ,    expanding free trade would put the US in a competitive the US to export beef and pork . ’ ’    Increasing meat production would accelerate climate change ,    since animal agriculture has been    to   of all greenhouse gas    emissions . Methane , a common agricultural byproduct , has been    found to accelerate global warming    ’ ’    Third , both NAFTA and the TPP establish provisions    for corporations or investors to settle their disputes with    states in both NAFTA and the TPP   outside the traditional legal    system . In practice , that gives a foreign corporation the    right to sue the US for creating regulations that hurt its    potential profits   — a foreign corporation and the case would never be heard in US    courts . ’ "    " They have this idea that you can create a court where only the    investors have access , " Ash says . " There ’s no public recourse . " " ’    Environmental advocates suggest that this dispute settlement    system allows companies to challenge environmental regulations    that hurt their business . And indeed , " ’   Environmental advocates ’s currently happening    with the Keystone XL pipeline , which President Obama    . TransCanada , the company behind the    pipeline , has filed a   against the US for not    allowing the pipeline to move forward . the   pipeline do that because    TransCanada, the company behind the   pipeline arbitration provisions established by    . ’ ’    Ash complains that US trade representatives sometimes    attempt to reassure critics of this dispute settlement    framework by reminding them that the US has never lost US trade representatives a case . But we could very well lose to TransCanada the US Ash    says . ’ ’   ’ ’    Finally , environmentalists highlight a symbolic point about the    TPP : It never once mentions climate change . the   TPP says the WTO has    claimed Ash    does n’t want to    involved Ash    climate    discussions , and that trade negotiations    also historically    steered clear of the subject . But especially in light of the    international commitment made in the Paris agreement ,    environmentalists were furious that the issue was n’t    acknowledged . ’ ’    "    is ridiculous that in 2015 , twelve of the world ’s nations    would construct a trade deal of this magnitude and not even    consider the effects of climate change on industries like    agriculture or fishing , or ways to prevent worsening global    warming through our own economic activities , " Jamie Rappaport    Clark , President and CEO of Defenders of Wildlife , wrote in a    . ’ ’    Ash says he was glad Trump ’s campaign prompted Ash discussion    about free trade agreements in general . " If we do n’t have such a    conversation , we ’ll probably continue to have this we , " he    says .   ’ ’ Ash there are counterpoints to these environmental    objections to free trade . Joshua Meltzer , a senior fellow at    the Brookings Institution ’s Global Economy and Development    program , says that the TPP would still be a positive step    for the environment , since it could lower tariffs on some      products    Plus , he says , it adds some    new Joshua Meltzer, a senior fellow at   the Brookings Institution’s Global Economy and Development   program about what    of dispute claims    corporations can file , and actually acknowledged    environment    a little more than NAFTA did . ’ ’    In response to the argument that free trade agreements encourage    more fossil fuels production and animal agriculture , Meltzer says    other countries will simply satisfy their demand for coal or    beef another other countries if they ca n’t import those goods . He other countries Japan    as an example , Meltzer this country is interested in importing both    meat and gas from the US . Without the TPP , the US , Japan will The TPP raise its own beef Meltzer —    Japan its agricultural processes could Japan be less energy efficient    those Japan the US .    though    natural gas the US n’t the answer to our climate problems       he says , it ’s at least significantly cleaner than other       fuels .    ’   ’ ’    " Providing Japan access to cheaper natural gas is good because    the alternative Japan they’’re just going to burn more coal and    , "    he says . ’ ’ also argues that free trade can help they’’re reduce global emissions in the long run by    improving economic growth and increasing access to new    technologies .    "    Meltzer acknowledges , however , that there ’s a lot more free Meltzer trade agreements could and probably should do to protect the    environment . They could further reduce tariffs on      goods to make them more there’s a lot more free   trade agreements could and probably should do to protect the   environment available and    affordable , or could add language there’s a lot more free   trade agreements could and probably should do to protect the   environment subsidies for      outcomes    emissions reductions or the use of    renewable energy sources . They could even impose standards around    energy efficiency . " ’ there’s a lot more free   trade agreements could and probably should do to protect the   environment But based on Trump ’s current environmental stance , it ’s unlikely    that these Trump’s provisions will get incorporated       whatever new trade deals   —   if any   —    the    new administration negotiates . ’ "    " My concern with the Trump administration would be that you ’re    going to end up with a vastly inferior outcome than what we ’ve    got at the moment , " Meltzer says . " 
 Meltzer 