  ( CNN ) There ’s been one silver lining to the Trump administration so far : the Trump administration has given us some great comedy .   And of all the people in the Trump administration who have been comedy gold , Sean Spicer tops the list , given Melissa McCarthy ’s hilarious impression of the White House press secretary on " Saturday Night Live . " Sure , Alec Baldwin ’s impression of Trump has been great , but there ’s something about McCarthy Melissa McCarthy Sean Spicer topped that .    We saw more of that last night on " SNL , " where McCarthy was back as Melissa McCarthy and funnier Sean Spicer ever .   The sketch opened with Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders ( played by Aidy Bryant ) holding a press conference because she claimed Spicer was Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders (played by Aidy Bryant) Sean Spicer    When a reporter pointed that he could see Spicer a reporter who ’s in the US Navy Reserve , outside the window hiding in the bushes , Sanders responded , " Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders (played by Aidy Bryant) believe that ’s a naval exercise . He ’s trying to Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders (played by Aidy Bryant) in with his surroundings . " Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders (played by Aidy Bryant) Moments later McCarthy took to the podium , pushing Sanders aside and screaming Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders (played by Aidy Bryant) " Spicey ’s back , Sarah is out ! " The " SNL " audience roared . But here ’s the troubling news . Trump might be canceling the Spicer show .    Not long ago Trump appeared happy with Trump because , he Spicer , " Spicer guy gets great ratings . Everyone tunes in . "   But Trump ’s White House Trump taking a beating as it fails to coordinate and Trump’s White House out a coherent message . The media is now abuzz with rumors that Trump , unhappy with the Trump over his firing of FBI director James Comey , might order Spicer to clean out his desk . In fact his possibility Spicer may soon be hearing Spicer words " You ’re Fired ! " from Trump was a big part Trump " SNL ’s " sketch last night . A female reporter asked McCarthy ’s Spicer in the Spicer Were you surprised "SNL’s" sketch ( Trump ) fired Comey before Trump A female reporter   Her Spicer responded by ripping a pillar from Spicer Spicer throwing it at the reporter , exclaiming , " I honestly a pillar from the wall to A female reporter killed her ! "   Soon after another reporter posed Spicer question , " Why is everyone saying he ’s ( Trump ) about to fire you Trump replace another reporter with Sarah ( Huckabee Sanders ) ? " Could this really be the end for Spicey ? !   I ’d be very happy to see Trump go , but McCarthy ’s Trump offers some    comedic relief right now .     In fairness , McCarthy ’s depiction of Spicey as an     buffoonish character has McCarthy’s acutely aware of the concern some of my fellow progressives have about comedians’ take on Trump .   There ’s a Trump that comedy will minimize the grave risks Trump poses to America     at least as seen by those who oppose him . Even Baldwin implied as much when he stated recently he might retire his Trump impression at the end Even Baldwin this " Even Baldwin " season Even Baldwin week .     On Saturday ’s " SNL " we saw how comedy can humanize our view of a person , as McCarthy turned Spicer into a we character .   After being asked by reporters repeatedly about if he was going to be fired , an increasingly agitated " Spicer Even Baldwin declared , " I got to find Trump . " Spicer then saw a    " Spicer " riding his motorized podium in the streets of New York Spicer , saying Even Baldwin like , " I promise I ’ll talk better , " as the iconic Simon and Garfunkel song , " The Only Living Boy In New York " played underneath .     But " SNL " also showed us how comedy can be nuanced enough to still remind us of who Trump truly is .   When McCarthy ’s Spicer us confronted Baldwin ’s Trump , the press secretary asked , " Have you ever told me to say things that are n’t true ? "    responded , " Only since you started working here . "    That made a great point that Spicer , who still bears responsibility for being complicit , is repeating and defending lies that originate with Trump .   We saw more of " SNL ’s " thoughtful approach to comedy moments later when " Spicer " asked " Trump " if the rumors are true that he was gong to Trump fired . " Trump " responded by Trump   " Spicer " to kiss him Trump to which he responded , " Spicer ca n’t     Trump have a wife Trump took vows . " " SNL " then reminded us of Trump ’s vile comments on the SNL Hollywood bus when Baldwin told Trump Spicer , " " I ’m famous     it ’s okay . Spicer Overall , I would trade all the jokes that Trump and his team have supplied to comedians for a different presidential Trump . Trump But in this time of Trump , comedy is a    cathartic release . And for now Trump McCarthy ’s " Spicey " may be the best antidote to    stress .  
 