Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) Fidel Castro ’s funeral will bring together an unlikely mix of world leaders , royalty , Marxist guerillas and Hollywood actors . So , who ’s coming ? The official guest list goes on for 20 pages , with a varied group of VIPs such as former Spanish King Juan Carlos I , a vice president of the North Korean worker ’s party and    actor Danny Glover . Castro ’s wife and children , whose existence for years was a state secret , could make a rare appearance . Castro ’s    Castro said she would Castro be leaving exile in Miami to attend the funeral . Nearly every Latin American head of state will be on hand , though . The arrival of    presidents of Bolivia , Ecuador , Nicaragua and Venezuela is no surprise and in fact speaks to how much the world has changed since Fidel Castro took power in 1959 . Shortly after the Cuban revolution , every country in the Western Hemisphere except Mexico broke relations with Cuba , alarmed at Castro ’s Fidel Castro with the Soviet Union . But thanks to a recent boom in leftist governments     some Castro helped to Fidel Castro , like that of Nicaragua ’s Daniel Ortega     the region is now    of Cuba allies . Cuba observers will be watching for the interaction between Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro and Raul Castro .   Since late Venezuelan President Hugo Venezuelan began to copy Cuba ’s socialist Cuba    government style , Cuba and Venezuela have Cuba but melded into one country . But with oil prices plummeting , Venezuela has been forced Venezuela cut precious oil subsidies to Cuba , leading many Cuba wonder if the    love affair is on the rocks . Both Colombian government officials and their longtime adversaries the FARC guerrillas are   attending . That speaks volumes about how Cuba has changed its Cuba in world Cuba . For decades , Cuba supported the Marxist Cuba in their attempt to topple the Marxist guerrillas ’s government , earning the island until 2015 a spot on the US State Department ’s list of countries that support terrorism . Opinion : Why to some , Fidel Castro embodied hope , But for the last four years Cuba hosted Colombian peace talks that in November led to a deal between Colombia ’s government and guerrillas , a big turnaround from the early years , when an isolated Fidel Castro tried to Fidel Castro revolution to other countries an isolated Fidel Castro the point of a gun . For decades Cuba was a beacon for Cuba revolutionaries and even provided military training to dozens of radical groups , who are sending representatives to pay their respects to the fallen   Castro . an isolated Fidel Castro caught up with Gerry Adams , the former leader of Sinn Fein , the political wing of the IRA , as he stood in the massive line of people Nic Robertson Havana ’s Revolution Square . " I ’m here because Fidel was a good friend to Ireland , " Adams said . Castro was also " a Gerry Adams friend " to revolutions across Africa . On Tuesday , Zimbabwe ’s ailing President Robert Mugabe arrived to attend the memorial to Castro . " Fidel was Fidel Castro just your leader , Fidel Fidel the leader of all revolutionaries , Fidel Mugabe told Cuban state TV upon arriving at Zimbabwe’s ailing President Robert Mugabe ’s Jose Martí Airport . But leaders of the United States and Russia , the two countries that most defined Cuba ’s international relations , will be conspicuously absent during the memorials . Despite having made history by restoring diplomatic relations with Cuba and carrying out the first visit to Cuba since the revolution by a US president Cuba Barack Obama will skip Castro ’s funeral . What ’s next for Cuba under Raul Castro ? Obama did not Cuba with Castro his Barack Obama trip and the former Cuban Castro Barack Obama attacked him for his Cuba policy . The US Barack Obama in Barack Obama Cuba one of the few diplomatic missions in the Cuban capital that has not lowered its flag to    to mark Castro ’s death The US Embassy in Havana    Trump has slammed Obama Castro and promised a tougher line on Cuba . " If Cuba is unwilling to Cuba a better deal Cuba the Cuban people , the    people and the US as a whole , I will terminate deal , " Trump tweeted on Sunday . While Russia is sending a Trump to Cuba , Vladimir Putin , who met with Cuba during his last visit to Cuba in 2015 and promised closer Castro with Cuba former USSR ’s close ally , is not scheduled to travel to the island . There has been no explanation Cuba ’s absence , but it may well be that the Russian President is prioritizing the possibility of better relations with Putin administration over Russia ’s past ties with an old comrade . 
 