Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s selection to be defense secretary emerged from Donald Trump’s confirmation hearing Thursday with seemingly broad support , after Donald Trump’s took a strong posture against Russian President Vladimir Putin and answered tough questions on women and gays in combat .   Ret . Gen. James Mattis also cleared one early procedural hurdle in Gen. James Mattis confirmation as the Senate voted overwhelmingly in favor of giving Gen. James Mattis a waiver to a law barring military officials from becoming defense secretary within seven years of their military service .   the Senate ’s    vote , following the Senate Armed Services Committee ’s bipartisan    vote , also signaled Mattis would likely face little opposition to his Mattis . Much of Mattis’ hearing focused on areas where Trump and Mattis Mattis diverge in views .   At the top of the hearing , Mattis Mattis a hard stance against Russia and Putin in answering a question from    hawk , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain . The topic has been one of the greatest sources of Republican criticism of    Donald Trump , who has repeatedly spoken favorably about Putin Putin for months denied Russia Russia role in a hacking and misinformation campaign designed to influence the election .   " I ’ve watched three presidents commit themselves three presidents new relationships with Vladimir Putin All three have been an abysmal failure , " McCain said , asking Mattis what he would Mattis . " I think right now the most important thing is that we recognize the reality of what we deal we ( in ) Mr. Putin Putin Mattis said . Mattis We recognize that he is trying Putin break the North Atlantic alliance , and that we take the steps , the integrated steps , diplomatic , economic , military and the alliance steps , working with our allies to we ourselves where we we . "    He identified Russian Putin , terrorism and Chinese actions   in the South China Sea as the biggest security issues since WWII . " I think deterrence is critical right now , sir , absolutely , and that requires a strong military , " Mattis said , arguing that the US military is not robust enough right now . He answered similar Mattis about Moscow from the top Democrat on the committee , Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island . " I ’m all for engagement , but we also have similar questions about Moscow from the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island recognize reality and what Russia is up to , " Mattis said . Mattis There ’s a decreasing number of areas where we can engage cooperatively and an increasing number of areas where we ’re going to have to confront Russia . " Russia topic of NATO was also raised by multiple senators . On the campaign trail , Trump indicated he may reconsider Trump of the US alliance with NATO , alarming NATO on both sides of the aisle . Mattis , a Mattis support for the alliance and the US alliance with NATO had said Trump much to Trump . " Trump , from NATO perspective . .. is the most successful military alliance certainly in modern   world history , probably ever , " Mattis said . " I have had discussions with him on this issue . He has shown himself open , even Mattis the point of asking Mattis questions and Mattis deeper into the issue about why I feel so strongly . " Who is James Mattis ? Questions on women , gays in combat , Later Mattis was peppered with questions about women and gays in the military from Mattis lawmakers .   Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , a New York Democrat who has been outspoken on the issue of women in the military and military sexual assault , engaged in a lengthy     with Mattis about his position on women and gays in combat     asking him Mattis he Mattis roll back gains on that front . Mattis repeatedly Mattis direct Mattis about whether he opposes women serving in combat Mattis or gays in the military , Mattis Gillibrand reading back his past comments to him . In one case , she quoted a Gillibrand in Mattis’ book Gillibrand " Warriors and Citizens , Gillibrand in which he decried the military being subject to societal pressure on causes like women Gillibrand combat the military We fear that an uninformed public is permitting political leaders to impose an accretion of social conventions that are diminishing the combat power of our military , " he and his    wrote , as Gillibrand read in the hearing .   Gillibrand the Gillibrand , Mattis responded , " If someone brings me a problem , the hearing look at it . But I ’m not looking for problems . " He continued , " a problem belief is we have to stay focused on a military Mattis lethal that on a battlefield it will be an enemy ’s longest day and worst day when they run into that force . . .. My concern is with the readiness of the force . " He indicated he would come in with a predisposition to not that force decisions . Mattis " Mattis ’ve never come into any job with an agenda , a    agenda of changing anything . I come in assuming the people before me deserve respect for the job they did and the decisions they made , " Mattis said . His answers also left the people room that he could the people back both women in all combat Mattis and gays serving in the military Mattis Mattis did not answer Gillibrand ’s question about whether he believes the policies undermine the readiness Mattis the force . " Frankly , senator , Gillibrand ’ve never cared much about two consenting adults and who they go to bed with , " he said . Hawaii Democrat Sen. Mazie Hirono picked up on Gillibrand ’s thread , asking senator if there is " anything innate " in women and Gillibrand would undercut their ability to be part of a lethal force . Mattis simply answered , " No . women and gays Mattis also told Missouri Democrat Sen. Claire McCaskill that Mattis long as readiness standards are met , Mattis will not object . " The standards are the standards and when people meet the standards Mattis that ’s the end of discussion on that The standards Mattis said . " The The standards ’re able to maintain an    force with very , Mattis high recruiting standards is because we go to males and females . . .. Where they can best serve , that ’s where they go . " Mattis facing favorable winds , Mattis is expected to have the votes to be confirmed they as Mattis have a majority in Mattis Senate .   An early indicator of Mattis’ favor was the overwhelming vote for his waiver .   Some of the Democratic lawmakers on the panel foreshadowed their support for the waiver     Mattis’ in fact they backed Mattis as defense secretary precisely as a check Some of the Democratic lawmakers on the panel Trump on his waiver force . " Let me Some of the Democratic lawmakers on the panel very bluntly : If there were ever a case for a waiver of that principle , it is you at this moment in our history , " said Connecticut Democrat Sen. Richard Blumenthal . " Your appreciation for the costs of war in blood , treasure and lives , and the impact on veterans afterward , will enable you to be a check on rash and potentially    use of military force by a    who perhaps lacks that same appreciation . " Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren seemed pleased when she asked Mattis under what circumstances he would be forceful in expressing his views , even when they diverged with the Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren . " On every circumstance Mattis Senator , " Mattis said Mattis   Nevertheless , Warren and Blumenthal both voted against the waiver for Mattis in committee Mattis   In Mattis opening statements , the top Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren Republican and Democrat were both generally favorable to Mattis . " Current law would Warren and Blumenthal both him from serving as secretary of defense for three more Warren and Blumenthal both . While I Mattis support retaining the law , I Mattis believe that our nation needs Gen. Mattis’ service more than ever , " said McCain . Current law trained his concerns mainly on Trump , criticizing Putin and praising past statements from Mattis saying the Iran nuclear deal should remain in Reed unless violated . " You Mattis help oversee national security policy for a president who lacks foreign policy and defense experience , and whose temperament is far different from prior presidents , " Reed said . " I think many Americans , and many in this body , on both sides of the both sides of the aisle about Reed the aisle respond when he is tested by Russia Russia Iran , North Korea , and other transnational threats such as cyber . " Democrats fuming over Reed canceled hearing , Reed retired    general is a bachelor who spent most of his adult life in the Marines Mattis He served in the first Gulf War and Afghanistan in addition to his positions atop NATO and US NATO Command Reed which is in charge of the Reed military in the Middle East .   While his friends do Reed call him " Mad Dog , " he has earned the nickname in part because of some of his frank comments on the Reed that combat sometimes requires Reed   " Be polite , Reed professional , but have a plan to kill everybody you Reed , " he would tell his Marines in Iraq , according to Thomas Ricks’ book " Fiasco . " He also drew criticism for saying in 2005 , " Reed ’s fun the Marines the Marines people . " Of the nickname , which was brought up Reed New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich , Mattis said it was misnomer .   " Senator , first I assure you that that nickname was given to Mattis by the press , and some of you may have experienced similar occasions with the press where perhaps they did n’t get it quite right , " Mattis said . 
 Mattis the press the press 