Washington ( CNN ) The defense secretary and director of national intelligence have asked President Barack Obama to replace the head of the National Security Agency , Admiral Michael Rogers , a US official familiar with the matter confirms to CNN . The recommendation by Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was made last month , according to The Washington Post , which first reported the recommendation . The replacement of such a senior person would be unprecedented at a time when the US intelligence community has repeatedly warned about the threat of cyberattacks . A major reason for their recommendation is the belief that Rogers was not working fast enough on a critical reorganization to address the cyberthreat . The Obama administration has wanted to keep the NSA dealing with signals intelligence , which would be a    agency , and a separate cybercommand which would remain under the military , the official told CNN .   Right now , one man , Rogers , heads both . the official took over as head of the NSA and Cyber Command in April 2014 . the official said the initial plan was to announce the reorganization and that given the shift of personnel , Rogers the official be thanked for his the official and then move on . Another issue     but not the sole driving factor in removing Rogers the official according to the source     is a continuing concern about security .   Harold Martin , a former contractor for Booz Allen who was working at the NSA , has been charged and is being held without bail after allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information . Prosecutors allege he allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information the names of " numerous " covert US agents . He allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information arrested in August after federal authorities uncovered what they federal authorities described as mountains of highly classified intelligence in his allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information , home and shed , which they federal authorities had been accumulated over many years . Martin allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information motivation remains unclear , and federal authorities have not alleged that he allegedly stealing a large amount of classified information or sold the information to anyone . Potential role in Trump administration , Separately , this comes as Rogers is one of those under consideration by    Donald Trump to be the next director of national intelligence , CNN has previously reported . Rogers Rogers on a private trip on Thursday to meet with Trump   Donald Trump a trip that took many administration officials by surprise . Some officials also have complained about Rogers’ leadership style , according to the Post . The Pentagon declined to comment , as did a spokesman for the director of national intelligence . The NSA did not return a request for comment . The idea for dividing NSA The NSA has been in the works for a while . " So we had them both in the same location and able to work with one another . That has worked very well , but it ’s That necessarily going to     the right approach to those missions overall in the long run . And we need we look at that and it ’s That just a matter of NSA and The NSA , " Carter told a tech industry group in September . 
 