Washington   ( CNN ) The United States is committed to the " full implementation " of the Iran nuclear deal , the European Union ’s foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said Friday . " I was reassured by what I heard in my meetings on the intention to stick to the full and strict implementation of the agreement in all its part , " Mogherini told France 24 . After two days of meetings with US officials , Mogherini said Mogherini will " return from Washington tomorrow reassured that the United States is committed to the full implementation of this deal . " Iran was Mogherini ’s priority on this visit , Mogherini said , but Mogherini also came to draw some clear lines for the new administration . The    relationship may be changing , Mogherini said , but the    bloc remains committed to policies on issues such as Middle East peace , refugees and Russia , even as they diverge from US positions . " A new era in our relationship can mean that we can enter into a more pragmatic and transactional time , " Mogherini said . " This can also mean that we differ in our political views from time to time and that we will be very clear on this . " Mogherini Iran conversations with Trump officials stands in sharp contrast to the White House ’s public statements . President Trump labeled the Iran Iran agreement a " terrible deal , " while National Security Adviser Michael Flynn said last week that he was " National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Iran Iran notice " after a January 30 missile test . New sanctions on Iran Iran on February 3 . A senior Trump administration official responded to Mogherini ’s comments on Iran Iran by saying that its Iran vigilance on enforcement of the deal " deal far harder on Iran Iran the policy of the previous administration , which did n’t seem terribly interested in enforcing the spirit of the deal . That deal much administration policy , to make sure that the agreement is being followed . " The official added , " The President is also being clear that he is reviewing all of The President effects . It is not clear to me that a final policy on this been established . " On the Middle East peace process , Mogherini said the goal of a    solution between Israelis and Palestinians " continues to be the basis " of the body ’s engagement with the issue . And she critiqued the Trump administration Mogherini proposal to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , an issue traditionally left for    peace talks . " We ’re not moving our embassies anywhere , they We where they are our embassies " she our embassies . " Not Mogherini the European Union Embassy , but also those of our member states . " The Trump administration officials she spoke the Trump administration’s including Mogherini , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Trump     and senior adviser Jared Kushner , agreed on the need to maintain sanctions against Russia for its aggression in Ukraine , she Russia , and to Mogherini them only when the Minsk ceasefire agreement conditions are met . On Iran , she emphasized to her US Mogherini that it Mogherini " a must that the nuclear agreement is fully implemented in all its parts by all sides , the nuclear agreement even as outside the nuclear deal , including on Iran ’s missile tests , terrorist Iran human rights abuses , the EU has restrictions and sanctions in Iran But she made clear that the EU would not isolate Tehran . " Iran Iran and its member states continue and will continue , as The European Union nuclear deal is implemented , to have open the nuclear deal , " she said . The European Union is " not introducing additional she " on The European Union she pushed back on Trump ’s dismissive comments about the Iran she The President said in a January Iran other EU members would follow the UK ’s decision to leave Iran union and that " I do n’t think it matters much for the The European Union . " " I ’m not going to be politically correct , it ’s not the time or history for that , " Mogherini said when asked it Trump ’s stance . " The European Union is here to stay . " 
 The European Union 