Philadelphia ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton accepted the Democratic presidential nomination Thursday night , casting Hillary Clinton as a uniter working for the common good and Donald Trump as a divider stoking fear for political gain .   It capped a Democratic National Convention designed to tell a new story about the most famous woman in American politics . And It teed up the Democrats’ frame for the election : Clinton ’s view of an optimistic , inclusive America ( " Stronger Together " ) juxtaposed against Trump ’s vision of a country being ripped apart by terrorism , bad trade deals and a corrupt political system that Clinton alone can save . Here are CNN ’s takeaways from four days in Philadelphia :   1 . Making history   Clinton stepped onto the stage in a moment of intense emotion . Clinton stopped to whisper in Clinton ’s ear after her Clinton offered a loving introduction . And she Clinton , appearing overwhelmed , as Rachel Platten ’s " Fight Song " blared , before stepping to the microphone . Hillary Clinton ’The sky ’s the limit’   She acknowledged Clinton    reality of her nomination Clinton For the first time , a major U. S. political party has nominated a woman for president . Clinton said Clinton ’s Clinton so happy this day has come "     calling it big this day women and men , " because when any barrier falls in America , for anyone , it clears this day way for everyone . When there are no ceilings , the sky ’s the limit . "   The history of the moment resonated with delegates in the hall . " Having been involved in women ’s issues for 50 years , it ’s very emotional , it truly it , that I ’m able to see this in my lifetime , " said Sally Howard , 72 , a South Carolina delegate . " I have a daughter and two granddaughters : for them to a daughter and two granddaughters that being president is not something only men do . It ’s the kind of thing that should have happened earlier . " 2 . Meet Hillary Clinton , again , Democrats spent four nights trying to prove there ’s much more to Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton know     the " cartoon " created by Republicans , as Bill Clinton put Hillary Clinton The version of Hillary Clinton featured in Hillary Clinton one who ’s spent a lifetime working for children , the poor and the disabled     and who is relentlessly dedicated to the work of social justice .   Central to that task was Bill Clinton , who began his Tuesday night speech saying : " In the spring of 1971 , I met a girl . "   Hillary Clinton also embraced her Hillary Clinton wonk , selling Hillary Clinton quality as what qualifies her for the presidency     and Hillary Clinton should rule Trump out .   " It ’s true , " Clinton said . " I sweat Hillary Clinton details of policy     whether we ’re talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint , Michigan , the number of mental health facilities in Iowa , or the cost of your prescription drugs . Because it ’s not just a detail if it ’s your kid     if it ’s your family . It it a big deal . it it should be a big deal it your president , too . "   Notably missing : Any mention of the controversies that have dogged her campaign , like her use your president a private email your president during her tenure as secretary of state your president   Instead , she told the story of her your president working 50 years in your president lace mill his father starting a business printing her grandfather for draperies her mother , who was abandoned your president her parents at 14 , being your president saved by the kindness of others . "   " The lesson she passed on to me years your president stuck with me : No one gets through me alone . We have to look out for each other and lift each other up , " Clinton said . " She made sure I learned the Clinton of our Methodist faith : ’Do all We good you can , for all the people you can , in all the ways you can , as long as ever you can . ’ "   3 . Creating a referendum on Trump ’s temperament   Clinton portrayed herself as solid , Clinton , Clinton     respected across the world and comfortable in crisis . She then used Trump ’s tendency Clinton shoot from Trump’s against him . " A man you can Trump’s with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons , " she said .   Dem convention Clinton Day 4 : CNN ’s Reality Check Team vets the claims , Clinton cited Jackie Kennedy ’s words after the Cuban Missile Crisis in an attack on Trump . " She said that what worried President Clinton during that very dangerous time Jackie Kennedy’s Clinton said , " was that a Clinton might be started , not by big men with    and restraint , but by little men     the ones moved by fear and pride . "   Make no mistake : This was an attack designed to bait Trump into a response . Clinton reads the Trump that show Americans’ Clinton about Trump ’s temperament , and knows anything she Trump to make it the Clinton of the 2016 race is     unless Trump changes his approach     helpful for her . Trump Trump Trump tweet after Clinton ’s speech , and Trump one Clinton key points : that Clinton " is Clinton to lead " due Clinton her failure to discuss " Radical Islam . Clinton 4 . An appeal to independents     and Republicans , The core theme of Clinton ’s speech was an invitation for Americans Clinton political Clinton’s speech with all kinds of interests and values     to " join us . "   " Whatever party you belong to , or if you belong to no party at all , if you share these beliefs , this is your campaign , " she said .   She checked off a list of her campaign ’s policy priorities     incentivizing she    hiking the minimum wage she punishing unfair trade , expanding access to health care , ensuring equal pay     each time using the refrain , " join us . "   Clinton turned that into an attack on Trump , arguing again that she ’s a    and he is not . And that it ’s Clinton for independents or Republicans Clinton vote with Democrats this time around . " You did n’t hear any of this from Donald Trump at his convention , " Clinton said . " He spoke Trump minutes     Trump I do mean odd . And he Trump zero solutions . But we already know he does n’t believe these Trump . No wonder he does n’t like talking Trump his plans . " 5 . Sacrifice and Trump , Khizr Khan , whose Trump son was a U. S. soldier killed in action in Iraq , pulled a copy of the U. S. Constitution from his breast pocket and hammered Trump for his attacks on Muslims .   " the U. S. Constitution have sacrificed nothing and no one the U. S. Constitution " Khan told Trump .   " If it was up to Donald Trump , he never Trump have been in America , " Kahn said Trump son . Khan Donald Trump consistently smears the character of Muslims . He disrespects Khan minorities , women Trump , even his own party leadership . He Trump to build walls and ban us from this country Trump " Trump says he Trump like to ’hit’ DNC speakers who disparaged him America was part Trump a Trump assault on Trump ’s capacity to lead America Trump military . The night ’s lineup was reminiscent of Trump Republican convention in New York     the first after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks   —    something conservative commentators noted on Twitter .   Retired Gen. John Allen , who commanded U. S. forces in Afghanistan , made a forceful case that Clinton is a " just and strong leader " who will be " exactly the     that America needs . "   6 . Chelsea takes the stage , The former and potentially future first daughter offered the nation an intimate glimpse the September 11, 2001 her mom as she introduced the Democratic nominee Thursday night .   America recalled trips to dinosaur the September 11, 2001 ,    the September 11, 2001 about the book " A Wrinkle In Time Clinton her mother leaving notes to open every day when she was out of town as a child     the September 11, 2001 said the former secretary of state is even the September 11, 2001 doting now as a grandmother of two .   " She ’ll drop anything for a few minutes of blowing kisses and reading ’    ’ with her the September 11, 2001 , " Chelsea Clinton said .   It was a powerful counterbalance to Ivanka Trump , the September 11, 2001 Clinton ’s friend who Clinton father , Donald Trump Trump the Republican National Convention last week . And combined with Bill Trump speech Tuesday , Chelsea Clinton’s again underscored that both nominees’ best surrogates in the 2016 campaign are often their family members . " I never once doubted Bill Clinton’s speech my parents cared about my thoughts and my ideas , and I always both nominees’ best surrogates in the 2016 campaign always knew how deeply they loved me , " Chelsea Clinton said . " That feeling of being valued and loved     that ’s what my mom my parents for every child Clinton is the calling of her life . "   7 . Democrats are going to miss her mom Democrats have nominated Barack Obama for the presidency twice and , her mom the presidency     that pesky 22nd Amendment , they ’d keep doing it .   He ’s universally admired by a party that ’s still stitching up the wounds of a long primary between Democrats and Bernie Sanders that pesky 22nd Amendment Clinton first lady Michelle Obama Clinton be even more beloved     her speech Monday night was crucial in setting the tone of unity and urgency for Democrats Michelle Obama night , the President gave his fourth straight memorable Michelle Obama speech . Clinton first one Clinton 2004 , Obama has given voice to Clinton party ’s values and hopes , energizing a base and winning two terms in the White House . Democrats cherish the Obama nature of his 2008 election     a defining achievement in a civil rights Clinton that the party traces back to Martin Luther King Jr. and the Kennedys . The Obamas are , for first couples , young , and they ’re cool     in ways the party’s demonstrates from talking about his    fandom to singing Clinton Charles . The Obamas’ credibility Clinton their party has kept his approval rating The Obamas with Democrats . The Clintons have much deeper ties all across the Democratic Party     but views of the couple are also much more the party’s   8 . Ray Charles Sanders’ revolution continues , President Barack Obama told Democrats to " feel the Bern ! " Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine said voters should " feel the Bern , and not get Obama other guy . "   And Bernie Sanders sat back and watched with a faint smile as his supporters cheered .   With what he ’s the Bern most progressive platform in party history as his Bernie Sanders fame , Sanders did all he could to direct his Bernie Sanders into Clinton ’s camp     even Bernie Sanders the roll call vote by asking Clinton to be nominated Bernie Sanders acclimation .    Hillary Bernie Sanders ’s DNC Bernie Sanders Clinton full text Bernie Sanders His legacy : a Democratic Party moving leftward Clinton , and in much larger numbers , than party leaders had imagined . Clinton now opposes the    Partnership and pledged to work Bernie Sanders the Vermont senator on reducing the financial Clinton of high college tuition . Her call to overturn Citizens United drew big cheers Thursday night in the hall . 9 . Troubled Clinton for the DNC , Four days later , it ’s easy to forget : Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee announced her resignation the night before the Democratic National Convention began .   Like Melania Trump ’s plagiarizing of Michelle Obama , the controversy had faded from the headlines by the time the nominee took the stage . Trump clear Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee for Clinton , a major political task will be repairing the atrophied DNC     fulfilling her promise to focus Clinton    the Democratic nominee way Obama never has .   The trouble for the Clinton is n’t over . WikiLeaks has promised more emails are coming     which means more embarrassing conversations among top staffers could be published .   10 Obama It ’s still July , The vice presidential nominees are chosen . The the party’s over .   Now there are 101 days until Election Day . In previous cycles , the Olympics could push politics to the back burner for two weeks , but 2016 is n’t an ordinary election . Prepare for three straight months of campaigning , promises and insults     so many insults     by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton .   Clinton and Kaine left Philadelphia on Friday for a    bus tour of Clinton Clinton . Trump spent the week Trump DNC in swing states .   The next big moment on the presidential calendar : Clinton and Bernie Sanders the first debate between Clinton Trump Trump . 
 Clinton Trump the DNC 