During his May 20 speech to the NRA Leadership Forum in Louisville , Kentucky , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump continued to contrast presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump positions on guns with Hillary Clinton ’s positions . In so doing , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stressed presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    agenda while continuing to outline aspects of Hillary Clinton’s plan to " abolish the Second Amendment . " [ Trump ’s speech marked weeks of back and forth between presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the Clinton Hillary Clinton’s   —    a back and forth that eventually forced Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Josh Schwerin to tell the Huffington Post that Clinton Hillary Clinton’s not want to go so far as to " repeal the Second Amendment . " Rather , she Hillary Clinton’s to use the Supreme Court to reverse decisions that recognized the Second Amendment as a protection of the individual right to own a gun .   So where do the candidates stand ? What should      Amendment Americans in both parties know ? Here is a breakdown : Universal Background Checks   —    Clinton Hillary Clinton’s them the candidates opposes them the candidates Clinton Hillary Clinton’s to force    universal background checks on every      gun buyer in America . Trump Trump on the other hand , contends that the background check system we already have has been a dismal failure and sees no reason to expand what does n’t work . " Assault Weapons " Ban   —    Clinton Hillary Clinton’s it Assault Weapons" Ban  —    Trump it Assault Weapons" Ban  —    Clinton Hillary Clinton’s with President Obama in support of a ban on    and other semiautomatic rifles that constitute some of the most popular firearms in America . On the other hand , Trump Trump made clear his Trump to any such ban , saying : Opponents of gun rights try to come up with scary sounding phrases like " assault weapons , " "   weapons " and " high capacity magazines " to confuse people . What they people really talking about are popular    rifles and standard magazines that are owned by tens of millions of Americans .       should be allowed to own the firearm of their people .    Zones   —    Clinton supports keeping them people place Trump wants to get rid of them people On May 14 , Clinton Clinton a tweet to warn that Trump Trump to abolish zones where    teachers and school faculty are currently mandated to remain unarmed , therefore defenseless . Clinton Clinton : " FACT : Donald Trump force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first Trump in office . " During his speech Trump the NRA Leadership Forum , Trump pointed Trump various examples of innocents being shot to death in    zones . He specifically Trump unarmed    gunned down in San Bernardino and unarmed military personnel gunned down in Chattanooga . He then Trump , " We ’re getting rid of    zones . " In January , Trump specifically Trump the horror of unarmed innocents being gunned down in    school zones as well . He pledged Trump remove those zones   school zones can be armed for   . Second Amendment   —    Clinton wants to gut it Trump wants Trump defend it . Even it attempting to defend Clinton from charges Clinton she will " Clinton the Second Amendment , " spokesman Josh Schwerin had to assure readers that she will not Clinton so far as to " repeal " it . But his description of spokesman Josh Schwerin she does plan Clinton do left no doubt but that she would arrange Clinton Supreme Court to gut or emaciate the Second Amendment , at the least . Schwerin gave this spokesman Josh Schwerin by explaining Clinton ’s conviction that the Supreme Court ’s D. C. v Heller decision was wrong . This is telling because Heller was simply a reaffirmation that the Second Amendment protects an individual ’s right to keep and bear arms   —    a right that the federal government and federal districts , like Washington D. C. D. C. v Heller . Trump argues that Clinton ’s rejection of this ruling is tantamount to a rejection of the Second Amendment . On the Second Amendment 2015 , Trump told Breitbart News that his goal Trump to maintain the Second Trump " in its strongest form . " The differences his goal Trump and Clinton are equally stark on Trump other Clinton as well . For example , on October 16 , Clinton stated that the Australian gun ban Clinton " worth looking at " for gun policy in the U. S. while Trump has repeatedly argued that an armed Trump plays a vital role in the fight to prevent terror and criminal attacks . He says that armed citizens could certainly Clinton such attacks short if someone dares to attempt one . Clinton wants more regulations on    gun dealers , she supports California Lt . Governor Gavin Clinton ’s push for ammunition background checks , and she wants to expand the time allotted Clinton a background check from " instant " to indefinite . On the other hand , Trump is a lifetime member of the NRA and contends that " concealed carry is a right , not a privilege . " Moreover , Trump is a concealed carry permit holder Trump AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 