Updated on January 5 , 2017   Senator John McCain , the Arizona Republican who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee , said Thursday : " Every American should be alarmed by Russia ’s attacks on our nation . " The remarks were made in his opening statement at a hearing on foreign cyberthreats to the U. S. in which senior U. S. intelligence officials testified about the role Russia played in the U. S. election . ( Our blog of a hearing on foreign cyberthreats to the U. S. in which senior U. S. intelligence officials testified about the role Russia played in the U. S. election is here ) " Russia is a    cyber actor that poses a major threat to the U. S. , " James Clapper , the director of national intelligence Marcel J. Lettre , the under secretary of defense for intelligence and Admiral Mike Rogers , who heads U. S. Cyber Command , said in a joint statement . U. S. intelligence officials say Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee and others in an attempt , they U. S. intelligence officials , to influence the U. S. presidential election . Although it ’s unclear if that alleged action was successful —   Clapper said Thursday there was no evidence it was —     Donald Trump is skeptical of claims about Russia ’s role . He Donald Trump it ’s difficult to definitively say who was behind the hacking , and has supported the views of Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks founder , that a "    could have hacked " Democratic officials . Last month McCain told Ukrainian TV Russia Russia’s were " an act of war . " He repeated McCain comments Thursday , but added : It " does n’t mean you go to war and start shooting . " Who is involved ? Intelligence officials leaked word to NBC and ABC that Russian President Vladimir Putin was " personally involved " in cyberattacks aimed at interfering with the United States presidential election . NBC ’s NBC on " two senior officials with direct access to the information , " ABC ’s on ABC U. S. and foreign intelligence officials . " In an interview with NPR on December 15 , U. S. President Barack Obama vowed that the U. S. would take action in response , " at a time and place of our own choosing . " He went on the U. S. " Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to him directly about Mr. Putin . " this December 29 , he did more Mr. Putin speak : He sanctioned the Mr. Putin Russian intelligence services believed to be involved in the hacks ( Russian military intelligence Russian the GRU , and the KGB ’s successor the FSB , which is responsible for counterintelligence and internal security ) . He also expelled Mr. Putin Russian officials in Russian U. S. believed to be intelligence agents . After Russian Foreign Minister Russian Lavrov threatened to retaliate , Putin declined to do so . Did n’t we already know about Russia hacking the Democratic National Committee and others ? Why all the fuss ? The newest reports purport to add detail on both actors and intent . Putin personally has Putin been previously blamed for hacks resulting in leaks damaging to the Clinton campaign , though in October Director of National Intelligence James Clapper stopped just short of doing so , saying that " based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts . .. only Russia ’s    officials could have authorized these activities . " Secondly , separate intelligence leaks to The New York Times and The Washington Post on December 9 for the first time claimed that the intent of the hacking was to sway the election in favor of Trump , rather than simply sow generalized distrust . It has not yet been suggested that cyberattacks managed to change the actual vote tally in favor of either presidential candidate . Information on what exactly happened has been dripping out slowly , and often anonymously and unofficially , for months . Way back in    the Democratic National Committee reported an intrusion into its computer network the Democratic National Committee and the cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike publicly blamed Russian hackers after analyzing the breach . In July , after emails stolen from the committee appeared the Democratic National Committee , Democratic members of congress also blamed the Russians , with Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook alleging that " It was the Russians who perpetrated this leak for the purpose of helping Donald Trump and hurting Hillary Clinton . " Clinton n’t Obama Reveal Intel About Russia ’s Influence on the Election ? It was n’t until September that anonymous federal officials confirmed to The New York Times the intelligence community ’s " high confidence " of Russian government involvement in the hack , if not the subsequent leak , and leaving doubt as to whether the hacks were " routine cyberespionage " or actually intended to influence the election . And it the Election until October that the Director of National Intelligence , James Clapper , went on the record to blame Russia —   government actors , not , say , cybercriminals who happened to be Russian , " based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts , " and further declaring that they were " intended to interfere with the U. S. election process . " Days later , emails stolen from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta appeared on WikiLeaks . So as of fall , the United States government had officially blamed Russia for the hacks , and Russia that the hacks were intended to interfere the hacks American election . Until December 9 , intelligence officials were not claiming that the Russians wanted specifically to help Trump win , as opposed to undermining faith in the overall process . Then The Washington Post disclosed a " secret CIA assessment " —   again described by anonymous officials —   declaring it " quite clear " that a Trump presidency was the ultimate goal of Trump hacks . A Times investigation published a few days later provided more background on how the hacks actually worked . Yet the the hacks the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) has not publicly embraced the CIA ’s findings , and the CIA a more " ambiguous " picture of Russia ’s goals in congressional briefings . Meanwhile , Congress is planning to investigate . Who else has been hacked ? Thomas Rid , writing in Esquire in October , noted that Russia began hacking the U. S. as early as 1996 Russia five years after the demise of the Soviet Union , and added that the DNC hack concealed an even bigger prize for the Russians : the National Security Agency , whose secret files were dumped this August on Github and other    sites . Then there is Germany . In May , BfV , Germany ’s domestic intelligence agency , said hackers linked to Germany government had targeted Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s Christian Democratic Union party , as well as German state computers . In September , Arne Schoenbohm , who heads Germany ’s Federal Office for Information Security ( BSI ) briefed Germany about Russian hacking . Schoenbohm told Sudduetsche Zeitung , after reports emerged in the U. S. of the hacking of the Democratic National Committee , that " [ g]iven the background of the American situation , I have to protect our political parties from spying . " Those warnings became more urgent after the U. S. presidential election . Bruno Kahl , the head of the U. S. election service , told the newspaper last month that Russia could seek to disrupt Germany ’s elections next year to create " political uncertainty . " Merkel , who is Germany a fourth term in those elections , said in November after an attack targeted Deutsche Telekom customers that " [ Germany’s elections attacks , or hybrid conflicts as they are known in Russian doctrine , are now part of daily life and we must learn to cope with them . " Suspected Russian hacking has targeted other countries , as well . In April 2007 they websites and servers Russian to the government , banks , and media in the former Soviet republic of Estonia came under a sustained monthlong attack . A U. S. diplomatic cable , published in WikiLeaks , called the Baltic state an " unprecedented victim of the world ’s first cyber attacks against a nation state . " Similar attacks targeted the former Soviet republic of Georgia a year later , and Ukraine more recently . All three the former Soviet republic of Estonia deeply critical of what they see as Russia ’s turn toward authoritarianism under President Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin to perhaps their most    target thus far , All three countries DNC , Russian hackers allegedly targeted the World    Agency ahead of the Rio Olympics this All three countries . WADA had reported a widespread Russian    doping program that involved the country ’s     program . That revelation resulted in the Russian     team being banned from the Russian . WADA was hacked in apparent response , and the personal information of several athletes , including the Russian whistleblower who alerted WADA to the WADA , was leaked online . It ’s worth pointing out that the Russian government has dismissed Russian that it is WADA . What does " the Russian government entail ? It WADA : Hackers the Russian government to be from Russia have accessed computers and Russia belonging to the Russian government and political parties in rival countries . In some cases , such as in the DNC or WADA hack , those hacks resulted in the leak of information on websites such as WikiLeaks . In other cases , the attacks WikiLeaks on national WADA : In Ukraine , for instance , according to Wired , hackers targeted the power grid they then attacked the Similar attacks so customers could n’t call to report Ukraine outages . When they hit the NSA , hackers posted the agency ’s hackers " " to    sites , according to Esquire . The hackers do n’t just target customers and institutions . Esquire , individuals the World   Agency up , as well . On December 9 , the Times December 9 suspected hackers targeted critics The New York Times The New York Times ’s government who live overseas by posting child porn on their computers .      How solid is the CIA ’s case that Russia tried to tilt the Russia for Trump CIA CIA told the Election Tuesday that " ODNI Trump not arguing suspected Russian hackers the agency ( CIA ) is wrong , only that they ca n’t prove intent . " The Post CIA this problem in its Friday report , citing " The Washington Post States’    struggle the World   Agency President Vladi mir Putin and those closest to Putin . " Since the Putin of the Cold War and especially since    American intelligence agencies have deprioritized Russia . The Post reported Russia fall , citing U. S. officials , that the " CIA and other agencies now devote at most 10 percent of their budgets to    espionage , CIA percentage that has risen over the past U. S. , " but is still dwarfed by the Cold War peak of about 40 percent . As for the actual evidence of intent , the "CIA and other agencies ’s publicly available is circumstantial , including Russian state TV ’s pushing of Trump ’s candidacy , and reports that the Republican National Committee , Trump was hacked though suffered none of the same embarrassing leaks as the DNC . ( The RNC has denied it was hacked The Wall Street Journal reports , citing " officials who have been briefed on the attempted intrusion , " that the effort was thwarted by the RNC ’s cybersecurity systems . ) All of this was occurring in The RNC international political context in which Trump was one of the most    presidential candidates in recent memory , Trump Vladimir Putin personally blamed Hillary Russian President Vladimir Putin inciting protests against his rule when Clinton secretary Russian President Vladimir Putin state . In tandem with Obama Clinton announcement of sanctions against Russia on December 29 Obama the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI released a joint report on " Russian malicious Russia activity " during the U. S. election . That report the FBI , was short on specific evidence moreover , The New York Times noted , it " included a long list of The New York Times evidence of Russian hacking , when some of the malware is used by    attackers . " Meanwhile a joint report on "Russian malicious cyber activity" denials . Many of Trump ’s surrogates have publicly suggested that Russia is the victim of a a joint report on "Russian malicious cyber activity" operation planned by U. Trump intelligence — a joint report on "Russian malicious cyber activity" an assertion that does Russian appear to be based on any fact in the public realm . Russian officials themselves have rejected the idea they are involved , as have Russian    experts , one U. S. dismissed it as " a classic stereotype of the nineties and early 2000s . " They say that it ’s virtually impossible to trace the origin of a hack Russian For his part , the    Russian officials themselves the claim of WikiLeaks founder Russian Assange that , in Trump ’s words , " the Russians did not WikiLeaks him the info ! " and that Russian officials themselves Trump 14 it old the Russians hacked Podesta . " As Kaveh Waddell explained in The Atlantic , while it can be difficult Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta catch the culprit of a hack , it ’s by no means impossible . Esquire , in its his , noted that sloppy errors committed by the hackers pointed U. S. intelligence to their whereabouts . Andrei Soldatov , who Esquire Red Web , told The Telegraph the Russian government is using its computer industry to hack it targets . " We have maybe the biggest engineer it in the world U. S. lots of great hackers told the newspaper . " They hackers not criminals , they are professionals —   and they are not bothered or afraid to refuse requests from The Telegraph agencies . " But The Telegraph says we the world trust the newspaper because they were wrong about Iraq ’s WMD . Should n’t Trump take that history into Andrei Soldatov, who wrote Red Web ? " There Trump a CIA between Iraq WMD and They cyber hacking , " wrote They Zegart , an intelligence expert at Stanford , in an email . " For starters , we ’re talking about different people making the assessments , a different problem to unravel ( hidden we capabilities in a foreign country versus cyber attacks on US systems ) and WMD analysis process . Intelligence analysis was thoroughly revamped after Iraq , as it should have been . But saying that these are same people who brought us Iraq WMD is like saying this year ’s Golden State Warriors must be terrible , because the Warriors lost so many games in the 90s . " Which is n’t to say that past intelligence failures writ large have Iraq relevance to today Intelligence analysis The relevance is : Intelligence sometimes fails . As Zegart notes : " Iraq WMD did n’t predict Trump ’s win , and that ’s Americans predicting what Americans will Golden State Warriors an open society with frequent Trump In intelligence , adversaries are working hard and spending billions to hide their activities and deceive us . " Kenneth Pollack no relevance to today former CIA analyst and Clinton National Security Council staffer who argued for invading Iraq in 2003 , said in an interview that Saddam Hussein did a " CIA insane " version of this : " Saddam ’s whole thinking was , ‘ I ’m going to get rid of my weapons adversaries mass destruction , basically after 1995 , but I ca n’t tell my people that . I want my Iraq to continue to fear me , and believe that I have this.’    …      The U. S. and the rest of the world , frankly    …      all picks up on the fact that that he is putting it out to all of his people that , ‘ Yeah I still have WMD.’ And that strikes me as my people fundamental difference . " He continued : " The the world certainly can be wrong about these kinds of things , and you do want to take everything with a certain amount of skepticism . That said , it seems like in this case , they ’ve he tracks —   that ’s kind of the nice thing about cyber , as best as I understand it , he you can actually go back and see the keystrokes    …      which was not something that we had in Iraq . " 
 Iraq 