’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump said in a interview with ABC News which    aired Wednesday that President Donald Trump believes millions of illegal votes were    cast in the 2016 election , but that not a single one was    cast in President Donald Trump name . ’ ’    During a surreal exchange , anchor David Muir grilled Trump over    anchor David Muir continued spreading of the falsehood that millions of illegal    ballots were cast in the 2016 election , which Trump had    previously said was the reason for Democratic presidential    nominee Hillary Clinton beating Democratic presidential   nominee Hillary Clinton in the popular vote by nearly    3 million ballots . ’ ’    And Trump did not back away from Trump claim in the slightest . ’ ’    " We’’re gon na launch an investigation to find out , " Trump said ,      on Trump . " And    I will say this : Of those votes cast , none of ’’ em come to Trump .    None of ’’ em come to Trump . " ’ ’    " those votes cast would all be for the other side , " Trump continued . " None of    ’’ em come to Trump . " ’ ’    Trump insisted that " we have a lot to look into " regarding dead    individuals , undocumented immigrants , and voters registered in    multiple states being on voter rolls . ’ ’    " You have people that are registered , who are dead , who are    illegals who are in two states , " Trump said . " You have people    registered in two states . They’’re registered in a New York and a    New Jersey . They’’re registered in a New York and a   New Jersey vote twice . There are millions of votes , in my    opinion . Now , I’’m gon na do an investigation . " ’ "    Muir then engaged in a substantial     questioning    Trump ’s rationale and basis for pursuing such an investigation . " ’    " You’’re now president of the United States , "   Muir said . " When you    say it’ ’s —   . " ’ ’    Trump cut in . ’ ’    " Well of course , and I want the voting process to be legitimate , "    Trump said . ’ ’    " What I’’m asking , "   Muir responded . " When you say in your opinion ,    millions of illegal votes   —    that is something that is extremely    fundamental to our functioning democracy , a fair and free    election . "   ’ ’    " Sure , " Trump replied . ’ ’    " You say you’’re gon na launch an investigation , "   Muir continued . ’ ’ ’ ’    , " Trump repeated . " Done . " ’ ’      Muir then said the basis of Trump’ ’s false assertions had been    " debunked " and was " false . " ’ ’    " ’ ’    presented so far has been debunked , "   Muir said .    " It’ ’s been called false —   . " ’ ’    " Take a look at the Pew reports , " Trump insisted . ’ ’    " I called the author of the Pew report last night and Trump told me    that they found no evidence    voter fraud , "   Muir asserted . ’ ’    " Really ? " Trump asked . " Then why did Trump write the report ? "   ’ the Pew report " Trump said no evidence of voter fraud , "   Muir repeated . ’ ’    " Excuse me , then why did Trump write the report ? " Trump asked    the Pew report ’ ’       continued : " According to Pew report , then he’ ’s   —    then he’ ’s    groveling again . You know he’ I always talk about the reporters ,    they grovel when they wanna    something that the reporters wanna hear the reporters    but not necessarily millions of    wanna hear or have to    hear . " ’ ’    The study that Trump was mentioning , which Trump    repeatedly referred to late during the campaign , said    24 million voter registrations were no longer    or were    significantly inaccurate , more than 1 .    million dead people were    listed as voters , and about 2    8 million people were registered in    more than one state . The report    which was from 2012 , did not    claim that those people voted illegally in    election , as it was    written as an argument for modernizing the US voting system . ’ ’    The investigation is set to be ordered as soon as tomorrow ,     ’ "    Earlier Wednesday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer was    confronted by a Fox News reporter during the daily press briefing    about how Trump ’s own lawyers who represented his campaign in    Green Party nominee Jill Trump ’s recount effort   that no evidence    pointed to voter fraud existing in the    . " ’    " Attorneys who were representing the    during the    recounts in several states emphatically stated ’’ all available    evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted    by fraud or mistake , ’’ so    do you square those two things ? " Fox    News White House correspondent John Roberts , asked . ’ ’    Spicer suggested the lawyers ’’ statement wasn’’t referring to    " states we didn’’t compete in . " ’ ’    " Well , I think there were a lot of states we didn’’t compete in    where that is not necessarily the case , " he said . " You look at    Fox    and New York , I’’m not sure that those statements were     —    we didn’’t look at those two states in particular . " ’ ’    Spicer said the investigation would look into " bigger states , "    adding that details would be released later this week . ’ ’    Trump secured the presidency in the November 8 election    with more than 300 electoral votes . ’ ’    In late November , Trump first made the baseless claim that    Trump " had voted illegally in the election and had swung the    popular vote the November 8 election    ’s favor . He also claimed without evidence    that " serious voter fraud " occurred in Virginia , New Hampshire ,    and California   —    all states that he lost . The secretaries of    state in each He those three states strongly rebuked Trump’ ’s    assertion and all states that he lost fraud took place . ’ "    Trump ’s false assertions were brought back to the forefront this    week when he made a similar claim during a   with congressional    leaders Trump .    Trump ’s claims that voter fraud affected the election have    repeatedly Trump shot down by    and voting officials . " ’ ’ ’President Trump to launch    into alleged voter fraud : " I want the voting process to be legitimate . "   ’ 
 