Liberal comedian Eric André interrupted Breitbart News’ live coverage of the Republican National Convention Monday afternoon , stepping onto the set during a live broadcast in what was ultimately a failed attempt to troll Breitbart California editor Joel Pollak and senior investigative reporter Lee Stranahan . [ Pollak and Stranahan were discussing the late Breitbart . the late Breitbart ’s views on Donald Trump when André suddenly intruded on set , claiming to be from MySpace .   " I ’m here cause I hate the Democrats . I hate the Dems so much I masturbate to the Zapruder film ! " André said , André into two microphones simultaneously . " So in other words , you masturbate for seven seconds , is that right ? " Stranahan asked the leftist comedian .   Pollak gamely engaged André in a André of the comedian ’s the leftist comedian read , " Make Santa White Again . " " I ’m sick of ’m Santa Claus . Last time I checked , Santa ’s white , " André said . André And if we allow this war on Christmas to continue , with black Santa , Latin Santa , Chinese Santa , then we might as well have we running the White House . " " Y’know Brexit ? I take Brexit when I ’m constipated Y’know Brexit " the actor continued , laughing at his own jokes . " the actor think this is the reason why you do n’t drink before you go on the air , " Pollak quipped , unfazed by the interruption . Stranahan was n’t as forgiving . " You ’re still working on your material , right ? " Stranahan asked André . " Stranahan is like one of those things where you ’re trying new material out and then you ’re just gon na see what works later ? " " You know they had a Tupac hologram at Coachella ? " André plowed on in an André at another joke . " I heard they ’re gon na have they Reagan ’s corpse dance onstage at the end of the RNC . That ’s a rumor going around . " " There ’s four years between conventions , it took you four years to come up with that ? " Pollak countered . It was at that point that Stranahan realized that André ’s jokes were written down on the clipboard he had carried with him André’s " It ’s André’s in screenplay format , " Stranahan said , urging the Stranahan to show his clipboard to the camera the comedian André quickly realized his attempt André trolling Breitbart the comedian going nowhere , and so he finally stood up and Breitbart walked away . " I think he confused us for National Breitbart , who would be crying now , " Stranahan joked . Watch the Stranahan clip of the troll fail above . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 