Breitbart Editor In Chief Alex Marlow and senior editor MILO discussed politics , the presidential elections and the implications of a Trump or Clinton presidency as part of an event at George Washington University titled ‘ Marlopoulos’ earlier this evening at 5:30PM EST . [   Discussing Clinton ’s    speech where she Clinton Breitbart , reading out headlines of articles in an attempt to vilify the new organisation , Milo said : " I had a reporter from TIME magazine in my living room , he Milo the profile for Bloomberg business week and he Milo just sitting there watching me do these kind of twirls and cheers and she Milo Hillary ] was reading out in all seriousness , intending to show to the audience what a disgusting , hateful , toxic website that Breitbart is . " " Actually I had to go to the urgent care centre that day , " interjected Alex Marlow , " I hurt my arm , too much fist pumping . " " She Alex Marlow out with a straight face , " continued MILO , " with that sort of ‘ swallowed a lemon’ kind of thing , it ’s just like pissing off your grandma at thanksgiving , ‘ to give you a flavour of some of his work here are some of his his and I ’m not making this up . Birth control makes women unattractive and crazy’ and her own audience burst out laughing ! Because it Birth control so funny ! " " Then she her over the next one , ‘ would you rather your child had feminism or cancer!’ and she her looking around the room for someone to be horrified along with her her her her audience are just like ‘ I got ta look this up . ’ " "   …     Actually when people then go and google it and they people about it it they people like ‘ this guys’ hilarious’ and then they people it this guys’ hilarious’ it this guys’ hilarious’ full of evidence and facts and they people ‘ wow , maybe I should n’t be on the pill   …     because I might turn into Hillary Clinton’ " " But of course , she Hillary Clinton’" n’t need to be on the pill " joked Milo , " You ’re reading the National Enquirer again ? " retorted Marlow , " No ! No , no ! You know I always make this joke that the only thing she Hillary Clinton’" more than clamping down on free speech is scissoring ! Only some audiences get it free speech " Watch the full event below ,  
 