George F. Will , a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years , said George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years has left the Republican Party because Donald J. Trump is the party ’s presumptive presidential nominee . Mr. Will revealed George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years decision on Friday in an interview with PJ Media . George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years said George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years had switched George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years party registration to unaffiliated this month , adding that Republicans should " grit Republicans teeth " during a Hillary Clinton presidency and then hope to beat Hillary Clinton in 2020 . " This is not my party , " Mr. Will said in a speech on Friday at the Federalist Society before the PJ Media interview . Mr. Will has criticized Mr. Trump throughout Mr. Trump presidential run . " Only he knows what Mr. Trump is hiding by being the first presidential nominee in two generations not to release Mr. Trump tax returns , " Mr. Will wrote in Mr. Trump Washington Post column on Wednesday . " It is reasonable to assume that the returns would refute many of Mr. Trump assertions about Mr. Trump net worth , Mr. Trump charitableness and Mr. Trump supposed business wizardry . the returns would refute many of his assertions about his net worth, his charitableness and his supposed business wizardry might also reveal some awkwardly small tax payments . " Mr. Trump has returned fire , denouncing Mr. Will often on Twitter and in Mr. Trump speeches . " You know Mr. Trump looks smart because Mr. Trump wears those little glasses , " Mr. Trump said at a rally in November . " If you take those glasses away from Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s a dummy . " Few prominent conservatives have gone so far as to change Few prominent conservatives party registration since Mr. Trump clinched the nomination in May. But some have strongly condemned Mr. Trump and have said they some sit out the presidential race . 
 